Matthias Miller  00:07
Hello, hey, is this Gina? Yes, sir, yes, this is Matt calling.

Unknown Speaker  00:16
Hey, Matt, how you doing today? Good. How

Matthias Miller  00:18
are you doing? All right, good, yeah, you mentioned, you mentioned, I might need to chat with the with the owner about about this stuff, but I just, I guess I wanted to check in a little bit first before we we take up the owners time and hear a little bit more about about you guys and see if, see whether we could, see whether there's a chance we can help

Speaker 1  00:46
you or not. Yeah, you said you were with. I'm sorry, I can't remember. Yeah, it's

Matthias Miller  00:50
Yeah, for sure. I'm with, with code house and the shed Titans podcast. Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  01:02
Well, we, as far as our company, always sell our retails. We just, we resell sheds, hauling trailers, carports. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  01:20
that's interesting. Um, and do you guys do? What do you guys do to get the get the word out? How do people find you?

Speaker 1  01:31
Um, an investor reached out to us. They had a bunch of repos they needed picked up. And my dad owns a calling company, and he'd worked for him in the past, so he called asking us to pick them all up, and then he called back and wanted to know if we'd be interested in opening a sales lot, because he didn't have nowhere to put them. That's how the that's how the sheds came about, the carports and trailers, kind of the same circumstance. My dad's hauling company had worked for him in the past retailing, and they needed somewhere to put them. They knew we had a failed lot, and so they asked if we'd want to sell. Yep.

Matthias Miller  02:16
Have you guys had any trouble moving your moving your inventory?

Speaker 1  02:24
No, my inventory is great. In November, I think I sold around 25 buildings just off one lot. I feel like are is actually an advantage a lot of people in our area, it is, you know, your your average, average person, you know, hard working people. Ain't got a ton of money, you know, but they deserve just as much as anybody else. They need storage, but they need it at their breast, you know, not the manufacturing price. And so a lot of times I'll get, well, I did look around, but your prices are way better. So we're going with you just because they are cheaper. So yeah, for sure, it actually helps. It's a, it's a pretty good advantage, not gonna lie,

Matthias Miller  03:15
yeah, I mean, I can imagine. I mean, it's you're, you can, yeah, you run deals all the time.

Speaker 1  03:24
Yeah, you do get, every once in a while, you'll get somebody saying, you know, you're getting double what you're, you know, double your money selling it again. But I'm honest. I'm up front. If they're confused, I explained how rent to own works, why I got reposed. You know, this is just how it works. We didn't get all our money for this building, and we're not trying to teach somebody out, you know, this is just how traffic works. But for the most part, it does great,

Matthias Miller  03:56
yeah, so, I guess where, where to for me from here. Are you guys hoping to, I mean, are you guys wanting to connect with other RTO vendors, to get more repos and just expand or looking at other regions or just happy where you're at?

Speaker 1  04:21
I mean, I'm sure he'd be open to branching out more RTO companies to repo for them and then resell. He has talked about getting some new buildings, just to see, like in the smaller sizes, eight by 10 by 12, that sort of thing, investing in some of those, some new ones, just to branch out and kind of go from there. Yeah, I mean, he's pretty much open to whatever. As far as discussing options and growing, he definitely wants to grow. Yeah, go from here. Do? Okay,

Matthias Miller  05:01
yeah. I mean, I think this is the kind of thing. Well, I'm confident this is not the kind of thing I can say, Oh, here's a cookie cutter you need. You need X, Y and Z. Like, that's not gonna happen. But if he's open to having a conversation to kind of explore what some options are, I think the conversation with him makes sense.

Speaker 1  05:26
Yeah, it is a pretty nice little, little section of the industry, I suppose, because we went to the shed Expo Michigan here, and I don't know if you were there or not, but it was very like, everybody needs they have your company name on your lanyard you're wearing, and they'd read our name, which is repo depot, and they like, so what do you do? And I'm like, it's just the name. That's exactly what we are. We are the depot for repos. They come here and they go right back out. That's all we sell. And so everybody be like, really, that's really interesting. So I guess, I guess there's not much of that. I don't know if there is or not. I know there's not in our area, yeah, but it's pretty, it's pretty. It's a little different than just your average marketing, I would suppose. But yet, it is all the same, right?

Matthias Miller  06:22
Yeah, I even heard any other, any other company, focusing just on this, and that's really what caught my

Speaker 1  06:30
right. Now, I currently have close to 100 buildings. When we started out, we opened August of 23 the end of August, when we started out, I started out with two lots, then I branched into three. My third lot, they didn't work for me very long at all they. I had to fill them when we hired them, but we knew them, and we were willing to work with them and see if they liked it. And it didn't work out, and so they ended up quitting. And so we closed that down, which, to be honest, they weren't selling a lot anyway. And then we kept with two lots for a long time, up until about two months ago, maybe, maybe three, I'm not sure, but he just kind of lost his drive. My biller did, and he's a great dealer, and he's great with people, excellent, but he just doesn't have it's like when he wants to have it, but then when he don't, he doesn't do anything. So I had a bunch of people calling me. They'd be at the lot, which is 30 minutes from my other lot, where I work, where I run, and they'd be like, is anybody here? We're here to look at buildings the Miller, not here. I need, you know, needing pricing, and you can't really do that over the phone. I mean, I keep his inventory, but you know, so I would be driving all the way over there to do his deals, and he'd be wanting the percentage of the cell when I must work. Anyways, we that lot because he's excellent when he wants to be but that's actually more work than me doing it by myself right now. We currently just have one. I call it a mega lot. It's pretty big. I probably have, I think I counted the other day, and I have around 85 buildings on my lot. And we actually have an overflow, which is about six minutes down the road, and that's where our extra sit until I can fit them on the main lot. So all together, I probably have around 100 plus retail just in buildings.

Matthias Miller  08:39
So you could, I mean, if you had a way to move more, you, you definitely would have capacity to move more.

Speaker 1  08:45
Oh yeah, yeah. We have three drivers. My dad is one, and then we have two more through his hauling company. So we have the drivers. One's actually pulling in right now with the buildings we have, the means we have, you know, we have it. We're just taking it bit by bit. My dad actually has hauled for Graceland, okay, yeah, he's called for them around 17 years, maybe like 15, I'm not sure my exact number, but he's hauled for them. He hauls for a bunch of different companies. We do side jobs where we move buildings for, you know, people from they want to move in their yard to their moving into a different town, and they want to move it to that town. Yeah, we did that just anything, yep,

Matthias Miller  09:44
yep, all right, yeah, so I guess what would be the best way to get in touch with

Matthias Miller  09:59
or, yeah. Yeah, sorry. One point of clarification, and you might have covered this apologies if it's repeat, your dad's involvement. What's your dad's involvement? Is he still just doing the hauling? Or is he involved in this business in any way?

Speaker 1  10:14
So he it's kind of he, which, honestly, when we started, we didn't invest much money, because our investor that reached out to us to start, he pays for advertising. So he's like, if you want to get this going, I want to get rid of these, so I'll pay for your advertising and go from there. So we all we did, we bought an office, we bought one of their buildings and turned it into an office, and we all we have is, like, lot rent stuff like that. But he started it, but at the time, I didn't have a job, and I was looking for something, and so he's like, we get this going. It's yours. You'll run it all. You'll do everything. So as far as the day to day, the managing part, I handle, everything I do, sales. I do finances, the banking, the bills. I talk to investors. But when it comes to major things, like if we were to buy new advertising or or, you know, getting on with a new investor, he handles stuff like that. So he handles the major money making decisions, and I do the day to day,

Matthias Miller  11:21
all right, that the investor does or your dad does? Yes, sorry, which one

Unknown Speaker  11:36
my dad, your dad

Matthias Miller  11:37
got

Speaker 1  11:38
it signing on with new people and stuff. His name's John. As far as signing on with new investors, and if we want to invest money in anything or or change our advertisement, or whatever, he makes those type of decisions. A lot of times I'll talk to everybody and then run it through him, and he'll give him a call or something like that. Kind of like what I'm doing with him. But as far as, like, the day to day, I handle everything, as far as the business itself, he just, he makes the major decisions.

Matthias Miller  12:10
Yep, that makes sense.

Unknown Speaker  12:14
He's kind of plopped it in my lap, unless we took it.

Matthias Miller  12:21
So I guess, what, what other questions would you have, or what are your thoughts as far as where we should go from here?

Speaker 1  12:28
Um, I did kind of look you up through Google. Yep, check you out a little bit. So what I gathered from online is y'all are through marketing in a way.

Matthias Miller  12:41
Yeah, marketing and sales, so yeah, and I mean, giant step back. And one of the reasons this intrigues me, particularly my backgrounds, my personal background, is goes beyond this, and I I've helped implement custom roll out custom systems. I guess I'm a Systems guy at heart, and so everything from marketing system, sales systems, and we even worked with like a 20 to $30 million regional shed company to roll out accounting systems. So I know more about shed accounting, and I probably should, yeah, and so, but yeah, we're focused currently on on marketing and in sales, you know, sales tools, which you would have seen online. But I'm also been keeping my eyes open for things that I think are interesting. And have you know, I guess what I'm trying to say is this falls into the category of, y'all ain't just the run of the mill, and I think there's opportunity to explore. So,

Speaker 1  13:55
yeah, I mean, our goal ultimately, is to grow. You know, we want this to succeed. And would it be nice to make 1000s and millions? I mean, yeah, who wouldn't? But we want to grow, you know, we want to succeed, and I would like to push it further in the future. If we could have more lots. I would like that. But, yeah, I basically, I do. I just feel that's about the only way I know I explain it. I just want to grow what whatever we do. I want to succeed, and I want to I like this industry. I mean, it's got it. It's a job. You know, you can love the job and it's still a job. Sometimes it's a job, but I love it. I love the people. I love the business. I enjoy it. I do every everybody I deal with is pretty much excellent to deal with them. I can see it. I mean, as far as the shed industry, it's never going to go away. I don't feel like I mean, at Michigan this year, you can just see it. It's only going to grow and go forward. And I feel like it'll be successful. We want to have a part in it. So I do want to grow. I don't really know how to grow per se, but I would like to move forward and and become more successful and just make it succeed. I guess, really,

Matthias Miller  15:21
yeah, I guess a few more questions real quick. So are you guys spending any money on Google or Facebook for advertising right right now?

Speaker 1  15:29
So right now, our advertisement company, I guess, is what they are. Our investor does pay for the advertisement, but they have us out on Instagram, Facebook, I believe it's LinkedIn and possibly Google. I'm not sure about Google. I did put a company on google myself. I started a Google business profile. I don't believe the advertisement company had done that because I couldn't find us on Google, and so I put us on Google Maps, I started a Google business profile, and now I get, like, monthly emails from Google telling me how many people see my profile, how many people have searched for shit and looked me up, called me all that. But other than that, I think, I think that's the three they have us on, the three main, you know, mainstreams of getting us out there. I think that's Facebook, Instagram, and then LinkedIn, or something like that. I'm gonna be honest with you. We don't love our advertisement company. I don't know why, but the investor likes them. I actually, I actually make what they put out there. He was making them, and I got to seeing what he was putting out. And to be honest, it just looked like something a six year old had made on on some kind of little collage app. I mean, it was pretty bad. I actually showed it to a marketing company in Michigan, Apostle XO, and he was like, yours look fantastic. He's like, you're doing way better than this they were putting out. And that just looks terrible. So I mean, I don't feel like mine's as good as obviously having an actual marketing company would be, but it's an improvement from what it was. So I actually make, as far as, like, the videos or the pictures or whatever they post. I make all that, send it to him, and then he pushes it out with the money from the investors. We don't love them. I don't feel like, I mean, they do their job. I get plenty of leads. I do, but I feel like, if I had better advertisement, I would get double. I'm just not happy with them. But to be honest, at the time, we didn't have the money to push advertising. They recommend about 2000 a month, unless that's changed. And I spoke to a marketing company, and to get started, it was going to be 15,000 up front, and then 2000 a month at least. And at the time, we just didn't have that kind of money, and so we just kept doing what we were doing work. I mean, I get leads, it does work, but I just feel like, if we had a better advertisement, I feel like it was triple or double, but we didn't really have the money kind of left it alone.

Matthias Miller  18:47
Yep, makes sense. And do you know how many about how many leads you get off Facebook at that,

Speaker 1  18:58
I use business suite, desktop. Business Week, I'll probably answer between six to 10 messages a day, maybe, maybe sometimes more, not counting the phone calls and the messages sticks to my phone through text, I'd say maybe it depends, really, on the day, but some days I can talk to what probably is 20 people. Some days it may only be 10. Some days it may be three. It's kind of random, but I do try to do things on my own. I'm in about 20 different Facebook sales groups and surrounding counties, towns in my area, I post in them. I just, I do try to push it on my own as much as I can, too. I went to my little town where is and then the town next to me, I've went. It and hand it out. You know about little business card holders? About 10 to 15 cards in them. I put them on business counters. I've hung posters around town and gas station windows. Our area does have a lot of small businesses, so they are willing to let you do that most of the time. I tell them, you know, we're a small business. This is what we do. So I think I hit around 30 to 40 businesses last year, handing stuff out, hanging stuff in the window, putting posters out around town. And I've been to some of them since I've done that, and they're still there. My posters are still up, you know, stuff like that. So I do try to do as much as I can on my own without the advertisement, just to push it, you know, do my part, kind of thing. But okay, that's kind of where we're at with the advertisement.

Matthias Miller  20:50
Makes sense? Um, yeah, all right. Well, I mean, I think the the opportunities are, there's three opportunities. Well, as far as you're posting the local groups. Are those marketplace posts? Are they just regular page posts? Hey, we're here. Here's a picture, video.

Speaker 1  21:14
They go on marketplace, and then they go into each in like, individual sale groups, and then about 20 different sale groups, and they go into those All

Matthias Miller  21:22
right, about how many posts do you have on marketplace at a time?

Speaker 1  21:29
I've been around 30. Okay, at the moment, I had more than that, but I sold. I'll leave some minutes. Sorry, one second, it's out there. Okay, yeah,

Speaker 1  21:47
you picked them up. Hang on a minute. Sorry. May I give me one second? No worries. I

Unknown Speaker  22:04
so you got her name. Let me

Speaker 1  22:21
write it down, because I don't have another cell flip for that one. I mean, I pick

Speaker 1  22:30
up slip and courageous, is that what I meant? All right, I'll ask him about it by the bait shop. Yeah, I'll ask you and see who it is, and I'll get it fixed. All right, thank you.

Speaker 1  22:55
Sorry. He's let me know who he reposted. No worries. What was you saying to me? I don't forgot. Oh,

Matthias Miller  23:03
yeah, about Facebook posts about 3030 that you got it right?

Speaker 1  23:07
Yes, sorry. I believe some of that, even though they're sold, just because that does, I mean, they see it, it's sold, but all my information is on there, so they'll find me. But I actually took some down the other day, because it sold, it's old, and I was wanting to post more, so I was just kind of getting rid of the old, putting in the new. But, yeah, that's what we do. Then on top of that, now I'm putting the trailers and carpet carports in there. So on every post, I put our address, my phone number, our name. You know, that's kind of a form of advertisement to me, too, as well. Even if they're not looking for the carport, they might be looking for a shed, or, you know, vice versa, whatever. So, yeah,

Matthias Miller  23:50
exactly. All right, I don't know. There might be a little bit of stuff you can do. I don't know how much, how much to do in marketplace. It might be some stuff. I've got a, we got a free little cheat sheet that we can send over, and you can, you can look through it the other so the other opportunities is, it looks to me, if I'm looking at this, seeing this right, that your ads go straight into messenger, Facebook, messenger, does that sound right?

Speaker 1  24:24
Ah, to be honest, not 100% sure. I know. Like they can, when they see my ad, they can, you know, click it, fill out a form, and then I get a message through Business Week, which would be messenger for them,

Matthias Miller  24:36
okay, got it? They do, do a form, fill, all right. I mean, we can take a look at the ads. I don't really know if you know what the options are there, see if, see if we can do better, and just, it just depends. I mean, the going on from there, getting, getting on. Google search. Sorry. One other question, do you guys? Are you guys using any kind of CRM for these, any kind of what, like, are they going into any kind of software just, you're just managing them in your email? Or how

Speaker 1  25:15
does that work? As far as, like, all the leads,

Matthias Miller  25:18
yeah, as far as all the leads

Speaker 1  25:20
they have called pipeline. It's like a little website can get on and kind of it shows graphs and whatnot. But then I get an email alert. It's got their name, their number, what they're looking for. Sometimes people put on there what their budget is, that comes to my email and then it also goes to business suite, like if they message on Messenger, it'll send me an email, but it goes to business suite, if they fill out the form through the website, then it'll come to my email, and I have to sift through my emails and figure out who actually messaged me and I've already talked to or who I haven't talked to, but just really aggravating, to be honest, it didn't used to be that way. It's a lot of it's a lot of extra work for me. That part. I don't know why I talked to him about it the other day and asked if we could change back to it was for because it would only alert me about people that hadn't messaged me through business suite, like ones. I actually needed to reach out to myself and asked him to change it back. So he was supposed to be doing that, but that's been several weeks ago, and it's still the same. So I don't, I don't really know what's going on there.

Matthias Miller  26:34
Cool. And then I mean option three, potentially, is, is Google Ads expanding to that which, all right? Well, cool. Well, I mean, this is helpful, informative, interesting conversation. I'm happy to I'm happy to send over the marketplace resource that we have, but is there? Yeah, I guess Jimmy back about 20 minutes. Where to from, from here, from your perspective,

Speaker 1  27:16
I mean any tips to grow and move forward and expand are appreciated. If you have some sort of recommendation on what we could do, as far as that goes, I would be open to it. I do have a question for you, though about a website. Okay, yeah, customer, yeah, that's fine. Thank you. I'll be safe. As far as growing my advertisement, I have now, okay, we have a website that built us a website. It looks decent. They paid $2,000 for it, and he showed me how I could, if I wanted to, you know, change the pictures on the website so, like, if the building sold, I could put another one up. And he had told me he would be doing that, because I would send him pictures every month, every few weeks, I would let him know, you know, such and such is sold went into something else. And I got to realize him, he didn't do anything on the website, nothing I had buildings on there that was there a year ago and had been sold for like, a year, and the same building was still up on the website. And to me, maybe I'm wrong. So you tell me, because you're in marketing and all that, maybe I'm wrong. To me, internet shopping online, that's that's what you do now. That's how people shop. They want to be able to view it online that. I mean, I'm asked all the time, do you have a website? Is your inventory online? Before I drive over, can I check it online? And it's really frustrating when I paid for a website and I can't even use my website because I was like, okay, that's fine. He, you know, he's probably super busy. I know I'm not the only company. He does advertising for it, so I just started changing them myself, the pictures, he took them all off and put them back.

Matthias Miller  29:33
Wait what?

Speaker 1  29:37
And I did not change the map of the website. I did not change the layout, I simply took the picture up and put a picture right back in the same spot. Now he has, like, two pages, like, one is like storage, and the ones like cabins and stuff like that. And so, like, I added more to them individual pages, but it was the same pattern on the feed. Like, I didn't change the layout. I just continued it down the page, and he took them I lost. And I know it wasn't something I did, because I saved it and then I looked it up on my browser on my phone to make sure it looked correct, as like a customer would be looking, and it was right. So he changed it all back. So my dad reached out to him, and he said, we've paid this money for this website. I want inventory on the website. And he says that all it's used for is to get people to fill out the form and get a lead. You don't really need to look at it. They don't need to have a bunch of inventory on there. He said, I don't care. I paid for a website. That's what people want to see. And I want to be using my website. So I want pictures on the website. To this day, I looked yesterday. It's still the building. I think I sold that building in. It was in the beginning. It was probably September or October of 23 and it's still on my website. We're in 2025 that just, I don't understand. Why would you not want to use the website? That's how people shop now and now. You don't have to have every single building on there, but you should have at least 10 of each style so people can see what we have. Because you can't custom order their repos. You get what you see. I just don't understand. That's something I don't understand. I don't understand why you wouldn't use the

Matthias Miller  31:26
website. Well, this is my guess. And this is, yeah, my guess is, well, he doesn't have any other clients who are only selling repos with repos. It's not like, Okay, on another website, sure? What you want them to do is they look at building that's they find a building that's about like, what they want, and then they call up and be like, Hey, can you customize or maybe they'll want to look at inventory, but, but you can't let me that's not an option here. And I would guess there's a little bit of a maybe he's just too busy running marketing for folks and doesn't understand or wants to just kind of wants to standardize. So that would be a that's, that's probably my thought. I do see your point as far as people wanting to see actual inventory, and if customers are asking to see it, then probably it's something that matters to them, like the the other observation I would make, and, and I say this, obviously, if you want to work with us, that's great. I'm not saying this to get a deal. And just if I can be honest with you, it sounds to me like you've been dissatisfied with this guy for a while and have been beating around the bush and not quite comfortable in pulling the trigger on doing something and so again, honestly, love to work with you guys. I mean, happy to explore, at least work with you guys not trying to do

Speaker 1  33:02
this thing. Yeah. Our main thing was the budget, the money. We didn't have the money. If we had the money at that time, we would have done it. And right now we probably honestly could do it. It's just the thought of doing it, the money and just being, you know, we actually have family in the business. They sell, they manufacture and sell, so they're new. And we was discussing it around Christmas, how much she spends a month. And it's just, it's a lot. And, you know, to grow, you may be spending two grand a month, but you may be getting three grand in return. So that little bit of profit, you know, it's worth it, but it's just a thought, I guess. And to be honest, we've only spoken to one marketing company. I've not researched, I've not checked prices or anything yet. So it's not like that's kind of on me. It's kind of to the point though, we're getting to where we're we're itching to do something. You know, he's, he's went to Yoder because we're in, we're in Pearson, Georgia, and Yoder is up in Montezuma, which isn't very, I mean, a few hours where we know them. He's handled business them, and they would build us buildings. So he's, he's on the fence. He's sitting there contemplating, you know, he's looking at investing in some buildings, and we've talked about advertisement in the past, and I feel like if I pushed him on it and tried to, he'd probably think about it and branch out. But we just kind of left it alone with the holiday season and everything we've been so hectic, I just kind of let it yep,

Matthias Miller  34:45
yep, makes sense. Well, yeah, so I guess, where would you? Would you like to go from here?

Speaker 1  34:56
Yeah, um, well, I. Yes, give me your best shot. Tell me. Tell me what you would do for me if I did sign up with you or, you know, whatever. What? What steps would you take to make me grow and expand? How could you instruct me that I could do things to grow?

Matthias Miller  35:15
Yeah, well, so I think step number one is, if you have, it sounds to me, from everything you've told me, you've got hustle and you're willing to do whatever it takes, I think step so I think step number one would be, let's just look over Facebook marketplace. It's fine, low hanging fruit. Is there a way that? I mean, maybe it means spending a day, which is going to be a lot. I mean, that's that's nothing to sneeze at, but getting more of your inventory online in marketplace, and just expanding your reach, and then making sure you got the right processes and stuff in place. And so let's fine tune that. Number two, I would say, let's see if we can do an audit on your Facebook advertising, and let's figure out if what's actually should be happening there is actually happening, and if, if Facebook's actually advertised. I mean, if that's actually performing as it should. And, and that's from a professional, you know, professional perspective. And then number three is, let's, let's get the sales process streamlined. And I think, I mean, we have our own CRM that we offer, but something like, like, pipe, pipeline, pipe, drive, pipeline. But whether it's, it's ours, or whether it's pipeline, let's, let's go streamline so that you've got one place to go to do everything and track everything, and you're not bouncing around from place to place. Number four is this takes a look at requires a look at economics. If you're already spending on Facebook, we might not be able to do this yet. So it might be, it might be, let's scale you up so that you can but then let's take a look at updating the website and getting you on, getting you on Google. Yeah, and, and the goal would be, let's get this, let's get you with this location dialed in. Now I'm going like, super, you know, super big picture. Let's get this location dialed in, if there's any, yeah. And then from there, it's a question of, well, is the right expansion selling custom buildings, or is the right expansion, finding that the real trick is finding the right kind of person in the right location, and just opening up more locations in Georgia, right?

Speaker 1  38:19
Well, I I guess if you wanted to run it by John, I can give you his number. I can't guarantee he'll answer you the first time, because he drives and repos too, so he's constantly some more but as far as growth and all that, I'm willing to do it. Basically. I just need instructions. And I have asked my advertisement company, is there anything I can do different? Is there anything you need me to do? He honestly doesn't have nothing to say. Okay, he doesn't really say anything I feel like advertisements the main thing now, I mean, if you didn't have Facebook, you wouldn't get nowhere, because that's where most of mine come from. And so I feel like we did decent, but I feel like we could do better, and that's just kind of where I'm at. I guess it's just a matter of getting the guts to do it and find somebody help me do it. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  39:28
makes sense. All right. Well, yeah, can I can take John's number and I can let him know I talked with you about it. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  39:42
His name is John Meredith, and his number is 912, okay, 850, okay, let me look him up. I always get his last four mixed up. 1268,

Matthias Miller  39:58
1268, so. All right, and then if I want to drop an email with the with that Facebook stuff I was talking to is the repo depot 23 at Gmail. Is that the best one, or is there some somewhere else I

Speaker 1  40:09
should send it? Yes, that's our main business email. So that that would be where to go.

Matthias Miller  40:12
All right, I will. All right, I gotta hop over to another meeting, so give me a little time, but I'll follow up on this later today. All right, well, thank you for talking with me. Yeah, absolutely thanks. Gina, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai