Matthias Miller  00:15
Hello, hey, yes, this is Nikki. It is. This is Matt calling. Hello, hey. How are you doing this morning? Doing good. Yes, is this still good time for you? Yes, all right. Sounds good. Yeah. Just wanted to touch base a little bit, and we've been looking for for folks to partner with, just to help, help growth. And I just want to learn a little bit more about about you. And yeah, how things which after you, how things are going for you. I'm fine. What now? I just wanted to hear a little bit more about about how things are going for you guys.

Speaker 1  01:09
I mean, they're going they're going fine. Obviously, the winter months are a little bit slower, but it normally takes up in the spring. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  01:19
have you guys been I've heard of other folks in the area back in 2024 who slowed up a good bit. You guys experienced that? Are you guys able to stay strong going through 24

Speaker 1  01:32
Well, it depends on the building. Like our shed slowed up, but our metal picked up, got it. It was kind of a swap out for us last year. But from my understanding, all of our, all of our dealers, were slower last, last year.

Matthias Miller  01:50
Got it. How about how many locations you guys or dealers you guys have, I'm

Unknown Speaker  01:56
just an independent dealer. Oh, you're the independent

Matthias Miller  01:59
dealer. I got it. Yeah, fair enough. Amazing.

Speaker 1  02:02
That'd be sheds, direct. Got

Matthias Miller  02:05
it, your dealer for shifts, right? Got it, if you're looking partner,

Speaker 1  02:09
was like a huge company. I'm just, I'm just, like an individual dealer,

Matthias Miller  02:12
yeah, no. I mean we, I mean we've been, we've been doing stuff with individual dealers, mostly, mostly in the cases where, you know, the parent company isn't they're not quite getting what they need, or, you know, something like that. But my understanding is, sheds direct. Does they do online marketing? They they feed you, feed you leads through HubSpot. Is that right? Yeah, uh huh. Yep. So the only question would be, so there's so we've been working with different companies across the nation, particularly around if they need, need more leads first of all, and then also helping them with their sales process if they need support in closing online fleets. And we've also been working with individual dealers as well and on this, trying to make that, I know the economics are different for them, and trying to make it, make it workable for them. Yeah, but so mostly looking to, looking to hear from, from folks like you, how things are at sounds like you're pretty comfortable if there's, if there's ways to, even if we don't end up working together, just just getting feedback from how things are going ways that that you might use supportive if something were available, is weird.

Speaker 1  03:49
What do you? I mean, what are you? Are you with a company? I mean, what are you? What are you with? Like, what are you trying to, yeah, are you like a substitute, or are you trying to just, like, how do you? How do you get leads? For me, is, I guess, my question,

Matthias Miller  04:02
well, so what we've what we found working best is, is Google advertising and Facebook

Unknown Speaker  04:08
advertising on what now, advertising on

Matthias Miller  04:11
Google and Facebook?

Unknown Speaker  04:12
Okay, I already do all my advertising on Facebook.

Matthias Miller  04:15
Okay, fair enough. And then, and then and then, once, once we get the leads flowing, helping folks with so are you? Are you doing lead forms, driving them to your website? What's that look like for you?

Speaker 1  04:37
Yes, I do have a website. I'm on Google. I advertise, you know, through Facebook, my, I guess my biggest issue is it's not like I can do this, like worldwide, like I'm pretty much contained to, you know, within that area. And so obviously, you know, you're not gonna sell it so much if you're, if you're limited, like, a 50 mile radius. Is, right? You know, because once people buy a building, they're usually pretty good for a while. So, you know, it takes a while for people to actually need something. Or, you know, come springtime, when people were starting to do stuff, you know, it'll pick up. Now, the metals doing like, the metals doing really good. But I guess that's just my biggest thing is, pretty much, I'm in one state, maybe the southern part of Virginia. But, I mean, I pretty much, you know, I advertise in my entire area. I got a Facebook page, you know, I don't know. I don't Are you

Matthias Miller  05:39
able to take the middle buildings further, or is that still 50 miles? They

Unknown Speaker  05:43
can go a little bit further? Okay.

Matthias Miller  05:49
Where are you located? I'm looking in Colorado. I've done some work, work with folks back your way. But yeah,

Speaker 1  05:59
yeah, see, I mean, if I could do, I mean, if I, if I could find something to sell, I could sell worldwide, absolutely, you know, because that's just such a broader area. But right now, like I said, with with the kind of with these big ticket items like this, the companies can't go but so far and deliver, right?

Matthias Miller  06:15
Well, I'm not sure if I'm serious or joking, but you want to sell services and tools to help other ship dealers grow,

Speaker 1  06:30
probably not. Sometimes I ain't trying to help my other. You know, we all work the same company, but you know what? Get each to your own

Matthias Miller  06:39
right.

Unknown Speaker  06:42
Fair enough. Well,

Matthias Miller  06:44
you just just, I mean, it only makes sense if you want to replace what you're currently doing, and then you've got the wide open market. So now that makes, it makes sense. So really, the thing that you're after is, man, if there's something I could, either expand, well, expand your radius, expand what you're selling. All right. Well, I really don't have anything to sell you at this point, but have you given thought to other things you can you could sell it at a broader scale?

Speaker 1  07:17
Ah, yeah. I mean, I have. It's just that gets into a whole different, you know, that gets into a whole different realm of things, if you're talking about, like Amazon and stuff like that, yeah, I wouldn't mind looking at some that kind of stuff and becoming maybe, like a, I don't want to be an influencer. I'm just, I'm not that type person, like, I'm just not but you know, if I could market something, you know, and get commissions and stuff off it like that, that would be different, but that's gonna be totally different from, you know, my shed business.

Matthias Miller  07:51
Oh, yeah, for sure.

Speaker 1  07:55
So I think now we're all looking for a way to you can always use extra money, you know. Okay, so I got two kids in college right now, right? Yeah, I'm always in for a way, you know, to keep the money flowing in. Yeah, I've

Matthias Miller  08:11
got friends of mine. Well, I see friends of mine. I don't want to exaggerate how close we are, but folks, I'm connected with on social media that I respect. Who they do they do they do Amazon Seller training, and they're and I don't know where you're at with your faith, but they're there. It's faith based, or, I don't know if it's a faith based program, they're coming from the perspective of faith and looking to help families, especially who want to get in that space. And then there's once you start, start getting anywhere close to how to make money online, there's you got us, you got to sort out who's actually, who actually knows what they're doing and can help you get results. And it's actually cares about the end user. So I don't have anything to get from doing this, but I'm happy to send that sense of information over to you if you want to

Speaker 1  09:10
see I'm not really into like. I don't really want to be like a drop shipper or anything like that. I don't get my own inventory, and I just don't have room for that. I mean, yeah, that's getting into too much. That's right. So, I mean, if I had to find a way to make some money extra, obviously I would. I mean, I put some time to work into it, you know, something online or something I can do in my downtime at the office, you know, you know, because sometimes I just, you know, a lot of times I'm busy, and sometimes I just sit out here at the office and just wait for somebody. Wait for somebody to stop by, you know. So I do have downtime where I could work on something else. I just don't want to be committed to having to, you know, take up space at my home with stuff, or, you know, space here trying to, you know, package. And do all that kind of stuff. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  10:01
And in a lot of ways, something that would be ideal would be if you have something that you could sell, even if it wouldn't be directly to the same same people. I mean, maybe, maybe, maybe even just having something that you could sell to the same group of people within 50 mile radius that can expand outward, or things that you can sell that's adjacent to that, but not limited by, by by region, that that's not completely, completely unrelated to what you're doing. All right? Well, I don't. I I don't know that I've got, I don't know they've got whole, whole

Unknown Speaker  10:51
lot to offer. You really help me.

Matthias Miller  10:53
So, yeah, we've got, like I said, we're focusing on, primarily, is for folks who want to, who are doing Google, and who want to get leads off of Google and Facebook, and also want to just get better at the sales process so they can reach more of them and close them. But it's interesting. I love this conversation. It's it's helpful, it's good perspective.

Speaker 1  11:18
And yeah, like I said. I mean, if I was, if I was, you know, had a, if I could sell anywhere, then I would be looking at all kinds of advertising opportunities, you know, but I just can't go but so far, and what I'm doing right now is pretty much, you know, I'm just kind of doing it on my own, right, you know, just to get it out no further than I can go out, Right? Yeah, reaching out to me,

Matthias Miller  11:43
yeah, absolutely I appreciate the chat Nikki, and I hope you have a great week.

Unknown Speaker  11:47
Okay, thank you. You too. All right.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai