Speaker 1  00:22
Hi, I'm Paul, home and and data bandwidth is low, so, Yep, thanks. Where's my Chrome? There's Chrome. Let's do share screen. Just going to share my whole shift. Just

Speaker 1  00:43
Oh, Zoom is playing games. To me, I literally can't share my whole screen. Since when video audio screens old to select multiple windows, you're kidding me.

Speaker 1  01:02
I What do you actually see right now? It had me select two chrome Windows separately. Yes.

Unknown Speaker  01:07
I mean, I see your partner's screen

Speaker 1  01:12
right now. Okay, and what do you see now? Now I

Speaker 2  01:16
see your meta suite Data Set screen. That's what it is.

Speaker 1  01:20
Okay? That's really odd. Okay, so the normal so this is like, on the left is Jeremy's. On the right is mine and bunch of other clients. So the normal thing to do is, you come as I was trying to have him. Do you simply come down that you're in settings meta, uh, this gear icon, I believe, shows up from almost any business manager screen. Yep, business manager is extremely convoluted, but that's one thing almost always. There is the gear. So then this whole column is all those settings. It's always users, people, partner on top. This is like the only things I use, pages and ad accounts, if applicable, Instagram. I've never actually connected to WhatsApp, but I'm sure it's all the same. Everything used to be under pixels. If they have an old account and an old existing pixel, it might be there, but anything new as of about two years ago, is going to be under data sets. The normal thing to do is go to the pixel in question and click Assign partner and put in the partner ID, which I feel quite certain, is exactly what you did when you shared the page and the ad account. Yep. So literally, the same routine, but for some reason, on Jeremy's, if you index that, it's

Speaker 1  02:49
reload the page, trying to do the cleaning demo or the recording

Unknown Speaker  03:01
you broke up for the last 20 seconds. There.

Unknown Speaker  03:08
Bear with me.

Speaker 1  03:18
Can you hear me now? Yes, I can. No, I can. Okay, and, and, so, just for the sake of the SOP recording demo, so then, normally, you go to data sets, the one in question, pixel in question, and click, assign partner, as I just showed you, that it works on mine. I do not know why it's not working on his. Every great once in a while, I have run in a situation in Facebook where something didn't work, apparently, because it was new, and literally, either coming back the next day or logging in or logging out or some other insignificant thing will simply, like, wake it up, meaning that there is no button to click or switch or lever. You just come back to it later and it's fine. Um, so what I did to get around it just now in Jeremy's, even though this is still grayed out, I went up to partners. I'm thinking this is only working because the page and the ad account was already shared with our business managers. So I went here. I went to assign assets, yep, and I was able to select the data set and the pixel in here and turn these on, both of them, and click Assign. Kind of funny that looks like that now, but let's just see what mine looks like. So basically, that that was just a workaround. I've already done it, so I'm not going to repeat the process, but assign assets, and as soon as I did that over in mine, that's. Uh, it showed up, which is all I needed Cool. Well, yep, and then you probably know this already, but business manager is so complex that even after an asset shows up in the business manager, you still have to assign your individual people as a secondary permission control. Yeah. So like, in your case, you would go to the same click, click in here and click yourself and Andre or what? All good. All right, all good.

Speaker 2  05:32
Can you make sure that the did, the did the data stick assigned to me as well? I'm sorry, the what did the data set get assigned to me as well?

Speaker 1  05:43
Well, can you repeat this? It's hard for like, literally, you're gonna have to log in as you and go here. No.

Speaker 2  05:49
I mean, if you go back to the other window from Jeremy to code house,

Speaker 1  05:55
I did both, and I don't know why it's not showing this process. I definitely did both. So, like, here's me. I'm in Jeremy's account. Yeah, partners October assigned it looks like it's blank, but it's not blank, because when here it is,

Speaker 2  06:23
I need to do it, except the TOS and on my Yes,

Speaker 1  06:28
what you do? Yo, you have Terms of Service. You see that. Yeah, do that, but you do see it at least under now, I got it under your data sets and cornerstone and and then you got to assign it to yourself and Audra, if you want, over here in this little box, right people

Unknown Speaker  06:46
got it.

Speaker 2  06:54
Think all I really care about right now, I'm just gonna assign myself, rename Lisa. I can

Speaker 1  07:00
check all boxes, all the signs. What's that look like? So you would check, yeah, there's two of them. In this case, partial unfold is one two. Check them both. And that's not normal either. Can you see my screen again? Yeah, in my opinion, once this is turned on, when you come back to the buy box, they should look like they're still on. They shouldn't look like they're off. I do not know what's going on there, there, there might, there might be some other problem with the pixel under the hood. Didn't, who knows, automation, right? Some, some corruption or something in the cloud. You can never tell. You can ever tell when we start running events too. It's fair enough. All right. Seem good.

Speaker 2  07:53
Seem good. Oh, keep eyes and ears open for a text from him on pictures, and hopefully we can get these running.

Speaker 1  07:59
Yep, and you're, you're, you want to turn the recording off for saying, Sure, this was an SOP.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai