Matthias Miller  01:20
Are you able To hear me. Yep, I'm able to hear you.

Matthias Miller  01:43
Cornerstone or something. Yeah, this cornerstone is fine. I you. Okay, Okay. Yeah, if you'd. to just hop in, just pull up your Facebook business account again. Okay, Facebook Business Account. Right here, I can actually send you a nice link that you can go to think I have it here now. That pop up there, yep, so let's go to meta business suite on the left. I don't need to confirm Adam soon, Yeah, grab a COVID from the email. I lost it here. I'm not sharing anymore. Let's see, yeah, no, I'm seeing it go into all tools. Go into events manager under, under recently used it might be under, I could send an advertiser, yep, connect data and hit web, Hit Next. I mean, the name doesn't really matter. Just Let's do setup mode. Let's see, yeah, hit next version API gateway,

Matthias Miller  05:20
and sure Hang on.

Matthias Miller  05:30
Hit, let's actually see if, if,

Matthias Miller  05:42
John you can join us here. Hit one to host yourself. I'm pretty sure that's what we want to hear. Yep, next, next, I

Matthias Miller  06:05
next

Matthias Miller  06:11
we're gonna give him a minute. He'll be here in a minute. I just wanna make sure that great. Did you get my email while we waiting on him? Did you get my email about pictures? Yes, you'd send me Google Drive, right? Yeah, that's right. I put a bunch of pictures on there. Did it work? Okay, let me. Let me pull it up. Not seeing it in there, really?

Matthias Miller  06:45
Yeah, for some reason, what happened? There's nothing in that, in that link. Okay, let me pull that up here. I

Matthias Miller  07:14
this folder is empty, interesting, okay, I'll try that again. Sounds good. You.

Matthias Miller  07:49
Does videos work too or not? Really? Yeah, if any videos that you have cinnamon would be great. It's better to send too much than too little, and then try about half a dozen here make see if these work. Okay, yeah, I'm seeing them show up now. Ah, that's strange. Okay, that's weird. I

Unknown Speaker  09:12
Howdy, Hey, Jonathan, so we're just working through the setup here. Yes,

Matthias Miller  09:19
yeah, I just want to make sure we're getting this right. Do you want both of these turned on here?

Unknown Speaker  09:25
I do. Yes, sorry. The top one, yes, the bottom one, no. Okay.

Speaker 1  09:41
No, I don't, you know you have to not scroll down here. Think you can just close that back. It wouldn't be back. You're just, you're done with the screen at this point. So click the X exit. Okay, yeah, I'll be able to set up. The rest of GHL on my

Matthias Miller  10:07
and then the main thing would be sharing access again,

Speaker 1  10:15
exactly you go under the gear icon on the far right, sorry, far left, down towards the bottom and the sidebar, yep, you're almost on it. It's one up to one more of the gear, yeah, business

Matthias Miller  10:32
settings, yes.

Speaker 1  10:37
And then the sidebar, scroll down to data sources, expand that and go down its data sets, data sets right in the middle. Yep, I'm assuming you just named it. That looks good to me. So this is where you need to assign a partner. And I am not sure why that's grayed out. That's a little unusual. No, let's not do people this data set is shared. Can you scroll a little to the right? I don't seem to be able to see the edge of the screen. Sure. Well, what is the end of that sentence? View permissions or what

Matthias Miller  11:28
are you will see it now No. View permissions and assign or remove partners.

Speaker 1  11:34
Click the Open and Events Manager, and let's just make sure that that looks normal. Yep. Do I

Speaker 1  11:50
hasn't received any activity, but that's fine. Click Continue setup, and let's see what it says. I expect it's going to try to send you right back where you were, but, yeah, we don't need that. Okay, close that again. It's kind of like the web pixel is nice. Go to overview the inner sidebar on the Yes, yep, okay, that looks good. And scroll down and you already wrote looks like you already wrote down that ID. Let's have that both of those ID numbers, the top one and the lower one, the yes both. So the 912,

Matthias Miller  12:35
say that again. Let me click on something Well,

Speaker 1  12:39
if you can just highlight so over there, almost, yeah, right there. That ID, 912488, yeah. Paste that into the Zoom chat, please. You.

Speaker 1  13:10
Are you able to stick it in the chat window? See? Let me say something. Yeah. There you go. There we go. Thanks. That other number a little bit further out the six, one and four, six have that one as well. So it's it's above the spot where you just got the first number from

Matthias Miller  13:35
a screen down here.

Speaker 1  13:40
So it says Cornerstone outdoor structures and bold kind of in the middle, and then it says 6146,

Matthias Miller  13:49
yeah, that one, paste. That one,

Unknown Speaker  13:53
yes, please do.

Matthias Miller  14:11
And there we go. And

Speaker 1  14:26
okay, and then you can close this whole tab that we're on here.

Matthias Miller  14:35
Just exit out.

Speaker 1  14:37
Yeah, the X little along the towel on the right, yep, straight up, straight up, right there, yep, okay, now let's refresh this screen.

Speaker 1  14:58
I've never seen a situation. Information where assigned partners is grayed out like that. So over on the left, click on pages for me, yep, and click on partners here. So in that you keep them Yes, straight down, not, not the assigned with one right below it and slightly left, so you're almost on it, yep. Scroll down. Let me see what this looks like, okay, that's normal. It should be. It should do exactly that for your new data set. And I don't know why it's not, um,

Matthias Miller  15:35
I can we go? Should we go through the process, the setup process with the share instructions with partners. Set up instructions with partners.

Speaker 1  15:42
You could, I don't believe that's it, but sure, I think it'll do it Yep.

Matthias Miller  15:47
Or if you have other ideas, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  15:53
go ahead, give it a shot. Yep.

Matthias Miller  15:58
Okay, so let's go back to data sets on the left,

Speaker 1  16:04
click on pixels for just a second. It should be empty under pixels, but let's just confirm that, yeah, that that is correct. So down to data sets

Speaker 1  16:19
go and so over on the upper right opening events manager,

Speaker 1  16:33
continues. Go ahead and click that Setup button.

Matthias Miller  16:37
Great. Or continue. Setup. Continue. To set up.

Unknown Speaker  16:46
Do the host yourself, and next. That's fine, just next and next, same thing, yes to the top one and no to the bottom one. Next,

Matthias Miller  17:18
Sharon check one of these options are just X out the

Speaker 1  17:22
first one under App runner, select this option. Just click on that. You have the blue Exactly. Select the region. That's fine. Open the region please, and let's do one of the US, East Ohio is going to be fine. Yep. Scroll down. Click, yeah, see Matthias. It's going to try to make him set up an AWS container on the spot, which he doesn't need to do at all. Click, continue to AWS. But I think all that's going to do for us is pop open a new tab. That's fine. Copy deployment URL is fine. That's interesting. All right. So now click Finish. Go ahead and paste that URL into the Zoom. Chat, about this one up here? No. So you have copied one by clicking that last button. I know you can't see it, but it is. It has been copied. So go ahead and just paste Over in the Zoom chat app,

Speaker 1  18:44
Matthias, when y'all first did the setup, you did tell it yes to the web question, is that right? That's

Matthias Miller  18:52
correct. Okay, that's saying. It's too many words, wow,

Speaker 1  18:59
really. Can you open like a Google document and paste it into there or any any notepad or anything at all?

Matthias Miller  19:14
Delete this?

Matthias Miller  19:38
Give me a second here. I think, no problem. I.

Matthias Miller  20:19
Are you open that

Unknown Speaker  20:23
I'm going to it right now.

Speaker 1  20:31
Yeah, I got it that that's fine. Okay, so then we lost out of the little screening. Okay, so, click continue, refresh this screen again.

Speaker 1  20:55
Click Continue, setup again. It literally sent us right back to the top. Okay, just X that out. We might need to come back to this in 24 hours. I'm not sure it's not normal for to not show the, basically the baseline pixel setup right on the screen that you're on right here.

Matthias Miller  21:16
Um,

Unknown Speaker  21:20
I'm trying to think. Go over to Settings. Scroll down a bit. Let's try that. See that says business manager accounts. Give another bit, yes, share with business. Let's just try that. It's one more down here with

Matthias Miller  21:44
business. Okay, yeah,

Speaker 1  21:50
oh no, and it's sprayed out again. That is very unusual. Um,

Matthias Miller  22:01
what did it help if I just gave you the password and you just go in

Speaker 1  22:07
Facebook? Yeah, that actually would be helpful if, if you don't mind that

Matthias Miller  22:11
both, it's my personal account, but you can figure out how to get to the business, I'm sure. So, yes, sir.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai