Matthias Miller  03:07
Hey, this is Mike. Mike. Mike. There. Sorry. Got your so the 4311 and

Unknown Speaker  03:20
a maybe on it's Well, I don't know, gave you on there? No? Good. What's on the list for today? We wait.

Matthias Miller  03:34
Yeah like to go over kind of the priorities we're looking at for this coming month hiring. And just a bit of an update on sales training as well. I don't know that there's much to give before Saturday and and other options going

Speaker 1  04:06
on that particular thing? Should we would does it make a difference? If we were to take a more collaborative approach with the to Virginia brick and mortar stores? utilize some of that structure and staff? Would that make a difference in how we look at this for adding staff? Or you would think no, um,

Matthias Miller  04:34
it might Yeah. Well, here's the sense I'm getting from Marissa and Tori is that they're getting too many leads already. Like they're, they're struggling to keep up at this point and their pipeline keeps growing. So if we, if we start sending leads their way that's certainly going to help. I don't know how many leads we'd have to send their way to start So getting that down where it's in a manageable, manageable place for them on an ongoing basis, I don't really feel like we have a good grasp of if somebody's actively working leads, how many? How many leads? Do they need to know? What's the ratio of sales sales rep to, to Leeds

Unknown Speaker  05:22
and obviously, those

Speaker 1  05:25
especially the one in Chatham has decent amount of capacity. And there's actually only part time staff are there that helps them like a helper that aid could easily bring on board full time if we found it to be useful.

Unknown Speaker  05:46
Was pearls we

Speaker 1  05:50
had talked about that maybe it'd be a fit, maybe not. We weren't quite sure. Actually doing part time. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  05:57
That we could investigate. Yeah, we could. We could. what else what else was on the list?

Matthias Miller  06:14
sales call recordings. We've never updated that to handle sales message. There's a new platform that we switched over to. And I like to get that up and running again, I was had it kind of on the back burner for last month and didn't really get to it. But I think if we, I think one of the things one of the priorities could be for this month could be more proactive. Call sales call reviews, and just trying to get a better feel for exactly where where the conversion rates are dropping off.

Matthias Miller  06:57
We've talked about automation for sales goals and performance metrics. That one we haven't gotten to yet. The January promos almost done, skills good.

Matthias Miller  07:13
And there's a whole bunch of other stuff. That when we did just miscellaneous ideas to live chat on the website, split testing the menu and the website, showing the floor plan for sizes, I guess I got most of that stuff. Ready, just some bubbled to the top of the list. Turning we have all of these blog posts that we reviewed and edited to make sure we don't talk about Australia and other silly things that don't make sense. Those could at some point be turned into weekly email autoresponders. I don't really have I don't know if that's an Allen project. Or I don't really have anybody on my team right off, right at the moment who could do that. I might in a couple of weeks. That way, once they go through the email autoresponder they're still getting weekly emails for up to a year and giving him a chance. And then there's more blue sky stuff. Or blue sky longer term, the instant quote we talked about. We also talked about adding images to the website for additional features. And that might might be able to offload to Alan depending on what his capacity is. And then start training the algorithm, the Google algorithm towards sales. And some of that might just start by passing some manually passing some information over to Jonathan, whatever we can attribute back to an ad campaign sending that back over to him that he's got it on his end. And even if it's not automatic, we're not directly feeding the algorithm. It's still really good feedback for him to know where where these qualified conversations in especially the sales are coming from.

Unknown Speaker  09:13
No, no, nobody jumping on. Everybody.

Matthias Miller  09:17
Still missing everybody.

Speaker 1  09:18
Nobody. Wow. All right. I'm going to hop off and call these guys we'll be right back. Welcome back. Yeah, me again. So have we gained anybody? Or no?

Matthias Miller  13:17
Not quite yet.

Speaker 1  13:21
So I tried all three of them and couldn't get through to all three of them. So I don't know, did 2023 mess up everybody? You'll get sick, sick, or did they? I don't know, left all over the message not picked up. So. So maybe, maybe we move on. And I take notes and I shoot him a message, Miss errors, the notes of what we talked about. And maybe they'll jump on. I left them all messages.

Unknown Speaker  13:53
Yep. The last time our list that we talked about.

Matthias Miller  13:57
Okay, well, number one, number one, I think is just establishing priorities for January. Campaign is pretty much done. But I didn't see if he replied to my question. Big question I had on that was if we want to introduce some level of of, of scarcity. Is it okay to say that we're not going to do this steep of a discount next month? Or do you want to leave openness to that and find some other way to find to introduce some scarcity into it?

Matthias Miller  14:54
I'm not sure if you can hear me. I'm not hearing you at the moment. I'm not sure if you're Oh, sorry. I

Speaker 1  14:59
was muted. Yeah, I know, I agree. I think that's fine. And good. I would say if we did make an adjustment, it would be down for February. I think we're maxed out right now, and probably more likely going to product related if we did a change, which is what I envision.

Matthias Miller  15:19
Okay. All right. So I'll turn it over to that. And then I will get with him and keep notes here as well for things that make sure I'm on the same page. And we know where we're going. Okay, so priority number one is the January campaign.

Matthias Miller  15:40
Not doing 10.5% next month in the messaging, and then I'm going to get with Marissa. And what we're planning to do is do do December and January leads on this one. And then February. We will do December, January, and then February, we'll we'll jump back and grab the November ones. And maybe maybe skip to the December January. Something like that. That. And then give the November in January one's a little bit of a cooling off period.

Matthias Miller  16:34
sound good to you.

Speaker 1  16:37
I'm forgetting to hit my unmute button today. scatterbrain today, so yeah, no, that sounds good. So what we would do is then for November, we would just do November leads or we would also do new February leads with that.

Matthias Miller  16:53
We would do we do all the November leads and then do the new any new, basically, as soon as Yeah, we all the new February leads. So anybody who hasn't gotten to the other one? I mean, we could even make. Yeah, no sound like that. Yep. So then the other major thing is a sales training, there's not really that much to do on that one. But just it's still something that's happening this month. The big question really comes down to the hire. It seems like Brett, okay. Well, we can take a step back, where is our big bottleneck right now? I, I think the two things are one, conversion rates, I'm hoping sales training is going to help substantially with that. Number two, I probably should have been doing this longer than I had. I should have been doing this quite a bit earlier. But I would like to start myself personally reviewing more of these calls. And with our switch to sales message calling, I have not updated the call recording gathering. So I think that would be a good avenue to also look at improving conversion rates and just looking for looking to see what we see. We're also hitting capacities, it seems seems to me at least we're hitting capacities on being able to process the number of leads. And if we want somebody in full swing by busy season, when things get really busy, then seems like now would be the time to start bringing them on. You also mentioned the option of bringing in a dealer. I don't know much about the selling style of the current brick and mortar dealers. I've heard that some of these things are. So there's a few ways we could go. One opening up, opening it up to people who are within driving distance to them could be a reasonably good option. And that can give us some breathing room on. On leads like the round robin that you talked about. I don't know what collaboration looks like on that. And but if it's strictly online, from what I've heard, it seems like it's a little bit of a different animal. And I'm not quite sure quite sure how that's going to work. And I don't know how to structure the that collaboratively. So I also think so little sidenote, sometimes I'm just a tad bummed. I don't know that it's terrible, but tad bummed we weren't able to hire Jill when we did because I think she had some of the similar values but was still would have been. I wonder if we can find somebody who fit some of the values that we're looking for, but also has more sales experience and perhaps just a touch more of an edge than what Marissa and Tory have. And putting that in the mix could could help everybody. Or you see

Speaker 1  20:18
edge, you're referring to somebody that is a little bit more a salesperson, like a normal, or, like, pushy, just a little bit more, put just a little bit, just a little bit, and then mixing it in there for just a little bit of motivation for pushing people to the edge just to add maybe a 10% more to the mix or some. Yeah. And then like, oh, look, what she's what's working for her, because of the different characteristics might strike certain people more and bring people to the edge. And then Rison Tory can also learn from that. And that person, or pushy, but also could also learn from be more empathetic ways of Murrison. Story. Correct. So my only hesitation, the only hesitation, really the only hesitation to keep hiring people is are we going to able to be able to increase our we converting to sales percentage, you know, substantially? Are we confident that we can so by doing by just adding sales people, you know, doesn't do that unless we have a plan of increasing that. And as long as we're confident that ace? Absolutely, there's nothing that I think should hold us back from doing it.

Unknown Speaker  22:02
Purely so

Speaker 1  22:07
that we spoke about this member and had voted on like we should do this. So probably my only thing would be there's two things. Let's clarify that thing of the does it work? With it? We're big on a more collaborative approach with several of the truepoint dealers? And do we have what are some of the steps that we think we can take to really increase our reading leads into actual sales.

Matthias Miller  22:53
So I do actually have a bit of an opinion on the first one and the collaborative approach. And this is also coming from the guy who is pushing more for a long term solution sooner. But my observation is that new things in startups work best and easiest when they can take on a life of their own without being yanked around in too many directions by other things. And I wonder whether the online sales team is established enough for us to be able to develop a collaborative approach that actually works effectively.

Speaker 1  23:48
Oh, my brother's just asking if you could let him in. He's trying to get in. He was late. He was off to let run lunch and ran in late. So I guess that's why I couldn't get to him. Maybe it was almost he would meet me on the road with his bike. Got it.

Speaker 2  24:02
Hello. Hey. Hey, sorry about that. It's been such a long time that I kind of lost my sense of time, I guess or schedule rather

Matthias Miller  24:13
Understand. Understand. Wednesday was they had I was in a little bit between Christmas and New Year and then a little bit over a year and goodness getting back in the swing of schedule. sometimes surprising how hard it is. So give you a little little bit of context. We've I've written the January campaign campaign. I don't know that there's much much to talk about here. We're kind of just talking about what what is what does January look like? And most of that's done ready to get out, get out and get scheduled. Just a few tweaks, sales trainings happening on on Saturday. You Two big questions that we're looking at number one, what does collaboration look like with dealers? And at what point does that need to happen? And number two, how can we? What plan can we put in place that would practically guarantee that our sales conversion rates for Merson inventory would get up to where we want them to get to?

Speaker 2  25:28
The latter ones definitely the line. You said, What can we do that with virtually guarantee that Marissa and Tori's conversion rates would go up to like, right levels? Or did you say our expectations? Again,

Matthias Miller  25:50
yeah, just based? I'm not quite to Eric levels let yet but can we at least Mike mentioned the 10% target, like can we at least get that to, to a where costs are 10% of of retail, sales and marketing costs or 10% of retail, but at least you know, at least getting getting to them to a baseline baseline level? I think, other times we've talked about if they would, dealers, we expect them to be doing a million and a quarter. So two and a half million combined. And whatever conversion rates need to be to get them up to that.

Speaker 2  26:39
Well, what are you what would be your observation of like conversion rates now versus a month ago? I'm

Matthias Miller  27:01
gonna pull up this. I'm not here, let me pull up their sales curves. Actually, no, nevermind, we do the actually have one better than that. Let me we're gonna send you guys. gonna send you guys report today that I put together this morning. And let's get some numbers.

Speaker 1  27:37
So the reason we're talking about this is we're not in in those two things gave up while he pulls it up. We are in January, we were in the slow ones. And we had said in December that in January, we're going to find another hire, bring another hire on for the third person before spring rush arise. And now that we're in January, I'm getting ready to review sales goals with truepoint, dealers, Marcus and Kelvin both. And we don't have collaboration in Virginia right now with with like, rebuilt units for all flat sales for quick deliveries for the Online team. And we can either continue down this road of giving them sort of separated, where online does their thing, and brick and mortar as their thing. Or I could restructure their pay structure to where it's more a collaborative approach where we try to collaborate more now, in that Matthias mentioned, his slight concern that there's enough stability in the Online team to be ready to try to collaborate on that yet. And maybe a better option to stick with sort of two standalone type things maybe for some time yet until they're more established and solid. And then the collaboration would need to be a little bit more unique, where it would continue to be a little bit more like it is now until we get to that point. That was the discussion thus far. And one of the reasons I wanted to cover that bridge right now is because we're at the start of the year and if we do decide to do something different, I'm going to restructure the fee structure in January and go that route. So that was first discussion second is feel perfectly fine. I think we should charge ahead with getting the third person as long as we do have a plan and they're certain that our our close rate are going to increase by the steps that we are going to be taking to get us there and then moving our us in the right direction and it will make so much sense

Matthias Miller  30:05
Okay, so I sent over a report. And this is based on origination of lead. So just I want to make sure that's clear because yeah, otherwise this gets really confusing. But so this traces a lead received in a time period for a salesperson through the whole process. So what are the things? What are some trends that we're seeing? Well, first of all, I should put, I should put days until qualification. I think that that might be an interesting metric. I don't I don't know if it's significant or not. But number of leads has increased substantially. And this may have been partially due to restructuring of, I don't know what point the dealer, the lead assignments got restructured, but I don't think this is all that. They qualified, a lot more leads. I do wonder if I know they, some of them had Marissa in particular, perhaps had been creating quotes for people before she'd actually talked about quotes in the system. And I think it may have may have caused them to show up as having been qualified when they weren't. I think the percentage of qualified leads is pretty reasonable. With what we're seeing, then they're only quoting like in December only quoting half. So they've been quoting less, they've been quoting proportionately less of them. I think trying to narrow their focus. They closed three of their October leads, seven of their November leads three of their December leads, but there's also a few strong leads from December that are likely to close in January. The other interesting thing is that their sales cycle has gone down from 17 days. I mean, they're no December, what probably is gonna go up as we get more data, but all the way down to nine to nine days. Talking to Eric, he wasn't too worried about 10 to 20% of leads actually being qualified. But now get the exact number 1010 to 30%, perhaps, but he was closing about 60% of people he actually got on the phone. And they're closing.

Matthias Miller  32:43
Overall, they've only been closing about 7% of people that they voted now. Tons of nuances, I think, I think they quoted perhaps quoted people and sent emails to people who weren't even you may not have been qualified but out of this number of leads, it's still a low number of closes overall.

Matthias Miller  33:11
So that's the report Mike, I guess I can let you you can you can guide the discussion based on structure based on fixing the conversion problem when in which restriction you want to go.

Speaker 1  33:27
Well, no agree this is good stuff to see what's going on. is obvious. The lead flow is nice and strong. And is actually increased and doesn't seem to be the bottleneck. The bottleneck seems to be over in the one section somehow. And how do we get there so

Speaker 1  33:54
what are what is causing us? Well, first of all, one of the things that is interesting that right as they were starting was right in the tail end of a strong like season of the year. And then it started picking up as it hit an event number and then we also did a promotional in November, December we dropped it off drastically. There was only a really minut one for December. Well, I should not say minute. It was a unique one that we hadn't tried before. And it was winter approaching and so we've seen that little curve there. So a little bit difficult to see. Like as we go through December January, February, February. What we should expect typically it's slower so a little bit hard to guide but we have a full year of online history her data but overall the numbers what Eric is saying agree I mean the percentage that needs to be one for the ones that are worth quoting seems to be that seems to be something amiss there. And hopefully, Eric can crack help crack some of those codes and do some sales reading where we use some of the tactics used to make that. think one of the things that you mentioned, getting that phone recording set back up and listening to those pretty repetitiously and listening for problem areas. That's not something that I talked about, we talked about that that's something that we'd consider at some point for an hour today listening some of those and giving us some feedback on how they're being handled.

Matthias Miller  35:47
Yeah, I think there's a I haven't talked to him about it, but I think he would be the other thing too. I know that I know this is a slightly different avenue but my my sister who has been selling furniture for the past year or so was also wondering actually paying her and just just to see if she'd have any interest in reviewing any of them. And it's a different avenue. It's a different field. But I think her I think perhaps her selling style, she might there's probably things that she might at least be worth checking to see what what she'd pick up in there as well. So getting getting that from a handful of different avenues. Could be could be useful. Eric is probably the surest the surest most direct shot at that.

Speaker 1  36:52
The other the other idea you had was makes it authentic, or the next hire, bring somebody on that's maybe has slightly different talent sets, maybe just a little bit more of a salesy person for that in the mix and learn from that. Oh, it's in that one game.

Speaker 1  37:19
Muted game. Oh, you were asking me? Yeah. So when you were gone, we were talking about some of this stuff. And then Matthias said, Well, maybe. Well, Matthias, express your thoughts on that you can more clearly express yourself what you're thinking.

Matthias Miller  37:37
Yeah. I, I have to admit, I was slightly disappointed that Jill didn't want to move ahead. I mean, I know we decided we didn't want to hire somebody at that point. But Jill, the last lady that we interviewed made an opportunity didn't want to move ahead. Because she had, she had the sales experience. And she was friendly, but had just a little bit more push than you and Mercer Tory would have been, I think that combination of so that combination of experience plus just in more natural motivation and drive to push people over the finish line. Now, you know, okay, what's, what's the upsides? What are the downsides? And can you handle it? Can you handle the downsides and it's the buffet ism. But the upside is getting somebody in there like that, who's had proven experience. Like we'll start to see some numbers crank, hopefully, and much more, much more likely that we'll get there sooner rather than later. What's the downside? Well, the downside might be it might shift the team culture, it might be uncomfortable for Murrison Tory, probably Marissa more than than Tory, I would guess. And it's likely to introduce some level of friction. It's possible it'll introduce some level of friction into the team. The absolute worst downside would probably be well, it it works but Marissa drives her absolutely crazy. And she can't stand working here anymore. I don't really see that happening. But she can't stand working here anymore. And off she goes. And of all the people on the team who who well of all the people on the team, between her and Tori, she has more of that process mindset and that idea of creating something that's repeatable and scalable and so that would be I think that would be a potential potential downside. I'm not looking for all the way in the extreme gave you gave you been talking about the guy who can sell ice to Eskimos and and people who twist people's arms all the way to get them to buy. I don't I don't think that's not advocating for that at all. Yeah, my thoughts

Unknown Speaker  40:08
Well, I agree

Speaker 1  40:17
so on that point, we move forward with another hire, look for that person. And sort of move on into 2023 Like we did with brick and mortar and online. Prime primarily stand alone with a little bit of collaboration with people insist on seeing blots and tried to utilize builder lots much as possible to avoid, like, too much onslaught conflict, is that the vote

Matthias Miller  41:07
I don't know if you're asking me or Gabe, I, I'm good with that I could probably be be swayed differently if we had it. Sitting on if there's a compelling argument to go in a different way. But that's the way that I'm leaning right now.

Speaker 2  41:24
All right, if someone was coming down the ladder from the attic in my office, and I missed that.

Speaker 1  41:30
So I am hearing that the right thing to do all things considered is we keep moving into 2023 similar to what we did in 2022 with brick and mortar and online being somewhat separate, pretty much separate their own thing. And most of the collaboration that will happen for customers needing to see buildings physically will be sent to in North Carolina to the shop lentil structures and then probably collaborate with one of the shops in Virginia and probably wait till Ron if they want to go see sheds, rather than sending them to truepoint brick and mortar dealers at this point. And we move forward that way hire another online sales person, we can continue to grow that until it's more stabilized and we're comfortable with a more collaborative approach which is what I hear and I can agree with that Matthias express himself that he is in favor that could be swayed the other way if like there was aggressive opposition to that and some opinion and I gave

Speaker 2  42:49
I mean I don't like it. I guess I could be swayed to agree with it

Unknown Speaker  43:02
I just have a bad feeling about well, the other day Ronaldo was here and we talked

Speaker 2  43:11
at great length. Like or maybe Ronaldo is on this call if he is he can explain his but in the story No, he's that.

Unknown Speaker  43:26
Okay

Speaker 2  43:31
we have the same thing that desert resurrect had from the beginning until now, which is there's it's party a party B. And it I mean, I think the easiest thing to do for sure, we'd be to continue as we're as we're doing. I just wish we could become smart enough to come up with a way to create a sales platform where brick and mortar dealers and online dealers can work together and we can do training together and everybody can benefit from what both parties are learning. I mean, I know that's very difficult. I think everything has an opposing force like up and down, back and forth left and right cold hot. This thing we're looking at has a very difficult side to both sides. The coming up with a platform that all dealers and collaborate together and we have one dealer training group and we have one dealer training program is very, very, very, very difficult to figure out. And I think on the other side of the coin, what's very, very difficult, is

Speaker 2  45:24
I guess the fact that on the other side, if we continue as we are, we have dealers that feel like they're being neglected? And are they really being neglected? I don't know. It just feels that way. And the online sales team is getting all the the energy and you're just getting all the focus in the brick and mortar dealers is where really the sales are at, they're being kind of pushed back for this shiny new toy. And I just am thinking to myself that if there was a way to get some how the guy with the shotgun and the guy with the rifle to hunt together, we would ultimately maybe have a better culture overall, and ultimately better sales and probably a lot more fun than if we have as the guy with the rifle hunting on property A and the guy with the shotgun hunting on property B. And both of them feel like I don't know, it's not quite fair. I'm talking a long time. So summary is.

Unknown Speaker  47:20
I don't think anybody in this whole believe. Are you talk a minute? Well, I have someone at my door here. Just one second

Matthias Miller  47:35
document and say something? Isn't that listening to?

Speaker 1  47:45
So it seems like if we did, if we if we did move that direction. The brick and mortar dealer compensation structure would need to be structured similarly. They would all need to have a similar compensation structure so that they are motivated all in the same direction. And they all win in the same way or probably going to continue to make now a little bit of friction, because what what, in the way that one wins, the other one doesn't? And is there a way that it could be structured that way where they would all be able to collaborate all when, and we don't put them on welfare. Where that quickly seems to become an issue. I mean, in the hauling world. That's the typical something that people try to avoid. Because if it's just an hourly rate, total hourly rate, they tend to find ways of, you know, filling up their days without getting so much done. And efficiencies falls down it just it just happens and then you just have some nasty situations. So

Speaker 1  49:23
if there was a way where there would be a salary, and then there would be bonuses based off of collaboration and sales for they would be pooled together. And each one would maybe get paid separately for collaboration but then the sales pool would be pooled together and they would get we would get their piece out of the sales pool each of them or something or some little incentive or something. I don't know.

Speaker 2  49:56
That's it I mean, the the the cold hard fact is you cannot make everybody happy all the time. And so that means we be Well, yeah. I mean, we stress about Yeah, we create something that either way we're going to make people unhappy. It's it's the choice of which of the two worst, which of the two is best ultimately for everybody. One is, if we continue exactly like we are, we're going to make people unhappy, and I think maybe unmotivated. But if we come up with a platform that everybody can be on, it would have to be a pay structure would have to be somewhat the same. I mean, as soon as you pay somebody, a commission based on sales, they become a different animal. And I don't think it would be hard at all, to get everybody on the same platform like other than dealers that get a commission based on sales.

Speaker 2  51:32
I think we have those lines a little blurry. Because the dealer that's that gets commissioned based on sales really should be his own animal.

Speaker 2  51:48
Well, what I'm trying to say in a long winded way is I think it will be impossible to create a platform that commission sales, commission based dealers and online people will

Unknown Speaker  52:09
elaborate together well,

Speaker 2  52:12
it may be possible, but I don't think it would be worth the energy to maintain that

Unknown Speaker  52:22
you're seeing at all, or is it worth the structure isn't right.

Speaker 2  52:26
I don't think there is a structure that would allow commission sales commission based dealers in the online sales culture we're trying to do is never going to collaborate.

Speaker 1  52:38
No, I agree. But I'm saying if they were salary based, do you see that word? Oh, that I think I think that would be easy. I think it would be easy. But then on the other side of the coin, how are you not going to have all of these

Unknown Speaker  52:53
people

Unknown Speaker  52:56
within six months in welfare?

Unknown Speaker  53:02
Well, I'm written Torey on welfare.

Matthias Miller  53:06
Well, but consider this. What are the things that Dr. Merson Tory interacting with people becoming better running the game every day? What typically is the core motivating factor for a commission only salesperson? There are a few exceptions, but typically, it's they are financially motivated, which is why it works. If you if you take somebody who's not financially motivated and says, Oh, hey, I'll pay you 10% of whatever you sell, and they're like, Yeah, okay. Not really interested.

Speaker 2  53:46
Okay, so, the dealers. Okay, how many commission based dealers are there? Is there more than is

Speaker 1  53:59
about truepoint simply talk about truepoint, the three truepoint dealers, the others to mean that it'll never happen. The others will never happen. Like it's 123 You're, like, separate businesses of those. I don't see those working. So let's around the conversation around Knoxville, Chatham, Boston.

Speaker 2  54:27
Well, Chatham in South Boston. I mean I don't really see them. They're a different animal than ginger is. Ginger is like she's all about filth conditions, and you know, she wants more sales and has she already complained about wanting higher commissions. Not yet are you there? Yeah. What what? Oh, she's gonna call for higher commissions. So get your answer ready. But

Unknown Speaker  55:18
why? Why?

Speaker 2  55:20
I don't know why but she's gonna call I mean, I could see this is I can see this coming up with this is a true point platform, this is how you behave, this is how you get paid this is what's expected of you. And I don't know Calvin and Marcus, nearly as good as you do, Mike, but I don't. From what little I know, I think they could be pretty soon gung ho about it. But I think it would be ginger, here's a choice for you. This is what is we're going to quit trying to have to sale platforms, this is what it's gonna look like. And if you want to be sales commission based and then we're truly going to treat you as sales commission. We pay you very healthy commission and then you figure it out. Or you can do this and then choose AB that would be a little bit painful, but it seems like it could make growth going forward cleaner and maybe more collaboration. I don't know.

Matthias Miller  56:42
So then if ginger doesn't want to go that route, she would come up with her own brand, like Fontana sheds or something. And just or would she continue carrying the truepoint brand?

Speaker 2  56:55
I think it would be another one. I mean, let's be consistent. We have classic sheds, we have 123 sheds, we have DMS we have you just do your thing if we don't get enough sales we call you up and say hey we're pulling the inventory it's very clear distinction Yeah. Yeah. But I think it's really sad that we have this really powerful sales training day coming up and we're only going to invite half the dealers because

Matthias Miller  57:34
we'll give you make it sound easy to make the switch

Unknown Speaker  57:40
Oh no, it's easy.

Speaker 1  57:42
For for the two for the two Virginia ones, I don't see much of a hiccup at all. I mean, treating them like offering them a salary base position similar to what Cory and Marissa have is I think what would happen and I think they would both on be on board I just worry the only little thing I worry about is just what you mentioned Matthias that some of these people think a little bit more like a salesperson where I win by my compensation and if my compensation is guaranteed may become just a little bit complacent just a little bit but I wouldn't be as worried about them by their who they are and the type of people they are as ginger probably but I I could become I could get on board with that and really is why I wanted to talk about this for sure now because I promised them I talk with him next week about some game plan for the year and structures and everything and so wanted to confirm that on the same page before I launch into that so now knowing what we know we circle back around and again have opinions the opinion same whereas it changed we continue with two separate structures but we try to collaborate in in that is

Matthias Miller  59:28
well would you just told me is your offering to bring to double my team with people who have experience and from what you've described, fit the Fit relatively closely the culture that we're looking to build and we can better utilize our lead flow almost immediately. I so you know off the cuff it sounds like a win. What's again, what's the downside? I one of the things that could possibly go wrong they could not be agreeable to it in which case we're not that different from where we're at right now except probably heard some of our walk on lot sales they could become agreeable and then six months in become frustrated with it for an unforeseen reason and so probably the worst Scotch let's see what else

Matthias Miller  1:00:50
I mean seems reasonable to me and it sounds like Yeah, I haven't been around their selling style. But the one incident that we did have with ginger was I would be I don't know if that's just the pressure of, of having lost leads or if it's selling style, but I would have some concerns about bringing that selling sale into into the current into the current team. So I don't know I'm kind of rambling, verbally processing but if they're if they're open to switching to a salary basis does this also mean they would join the morning team the team huddle in the morning as well? Would they why not? So reason for them not to

Speaker 1  1:01:48
I think if it if they can't, and then that's a problem

Matthias Miller  1:01:54
too, I would think I think it'd be beneficial for everybody build rapport shared knowledge hopefully something I don't know that I do a super awesome job of getting people's energy up but still nonetheless hopefully it's something that gets people's energy up and and gets them excited about the day and gets them in the right frame of mind if we did that

Speaker 1  1:02:19
and then we would utilize all participating lots inventory to and that would be part of the deal all inventory that's on your lot is visible to everybody and if you sell it you just mark it sold the first person to market sold sold it whether it's on your lot or not. And then before you sell it to a customer you just go into your portal and see that Phil available Yep. And then also drive people to the local out oh he wants he wanted a little bit last Let me see. Hey, Marcus, you're gonna be there today Sure. got somebody over there in the next two hours can you take care of my absolutely I think there'll be value in that I'm going to propose that we create a proposal for that like how would this look put it on paper? And we can't find something that works I think it'll work for sure for the to Virginia ones and maybe for ginger just setting all the right expectations on there. And then if she complies she wants to comply with it. I'd be fine with it bring her on if not and then she needs to the reason she was a little bit ahead you're gonna say

Speaker 2  1:04:04
I think I would actually be positive is dangerous hit OK. Let's try this. Because I mean, I agree that she has a completely different style and a completely different message what we don't know is how would that style How would she be if she was part of this team and was committed differently in was hearing a different set of in? I think I would want to use she says well, I mean, I kind of don't want to be left out in the cold. Are you saying you're gonna leave me out in the cold if I don't do this? Well It's gonna be up to you if it's cold or not. Let me ask you, are you going to make it colder? You're going to be warm. But if you want to be in the fold, and then yeah, absolutely, we're going to support you to the hilt. And this is how we're going to pay you you're going to be, you know, I would want to make it clear to all of these, that this is you're not being guaranteed this job, regardless of how well it works out. So that it's not a problem is three months from now we say, You know what, it's absolutely not working, you can either go back to having Montana shitheads, or whatever. Or you can actually go to Walmart. In other words, we remain retain the privilege of moving you back to the other position. But

Speaker 1  1:06:06
it would just be vacations, here's the equity expectations that need to be met to maintain this position. And part of that would be collaboration, part of that would be, there would be a number of things.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:19
And

Speaker 1  1:06:25
the expectations just need to be met to maintain the culture. But also part of it needs to be self motivated in and hit sales goals. And

Matthias Miller  1:06:39
here's the thing that gets me excited. And here's the thing that gets me scared then gets me excited is it hypothetically, and I understand this is a wild hypothetical. But if we can get these guys, these people at near Eric levels, then we've already by end of year, we should max out production. That's the part that gets me excited. The part that makes me scared is regarding ginger, those expectations need to be spelled out, they need to be clear. And we I think we need to recognize that the conversation, maybe I'm just too sensitive to this. But it's not, it might not end up being an easy decision or an easy conversation. If it's kind of sort of working, but it's not really working or it's I don't know, the there might be a bit of a rip the band aid off situation in six months, if it really doesn't go well with ginger.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:47
At least we would know.

Matthias Miller  1:07:49
At least we know. I think I think my biggest concern is I wouldn't want it festering I wouldn't want it to become a problem ends up festering and ends up kind of slowly decreasing became team team culture. That's

Unknown Speaker  1:08:04
That's what are the things that? So there's a

Unknown Speaker  1:08:24
salary?

Speaker 1  1:08:27
And then the perks? Do we call it expectations? Or do we call it or do we make it a bonus? To? Pretty expectations?

Matthias Miller  1:08:39
I think it's I think it's I think there's two sides to it. What's What do they have to give? And what did we give? And I think that the team huddle is actually falls on both sides of those. So they're expected to show up pretty much any morning that they're in to that. But in exchange, what do they get? Well, they get rapport with other team members, they get questions answered. They have a solid landing base to start their day from. Maybe there's other things that they get from that they get to, they get to offer their feedback into software improvements, or in the process improvements or they get to speak into market sales and marketing messaging based on what customers are asking for. They are no longer an island separated from marketing. But there they get much more of a voice in that. They get access to things like all of the trainings that we've that we've put together and some of that they already have some access to but they'll get access to the Saturday training. They'll get access to and I don't know how much of this there is there's a decent number of this but All of the how tos tutorials customer questions that have been putting together, if we start doing call reviews, and I don't know if we want promises or not, but very likely they'll get. If that becomes part of a process, they'll get some. If it's if it's all, if it is all over the phone, if there's any of the phone sales, there might be some sales coaching and additional sales training that they would get as part of that. They get unlimited lead flow. As long if they can they got as long as they can close, then we'll send them leads their way. And there'll be an equal footing with the online sales team as far as, as other leads, leads are going. They will. Also this other stuff they would get anyway, I don't know that stuff off the top of my head, what they what they would get out of it.

Speaker 2  1:11:09
Excuse me, just one second, I got somebody here, I'm gonna have to jump off. Okay, so good.

Speaker 1  1:11:20
Good. So, Matthias did, Calvin and Wayne, none of those jumped on right?

Matthias Miller  1:11:27
None of them are here.

Speaker 1  1:11:31
Probably too cold in Indiana to be out to the phone Chandi to be talking. So it sounds like, let's create something that has a salary. And then your benefits are things like you were talking about those were going to be fed to you look what, how nice and you know, this is going to be and the support, you're going to have the lead flow, and all that you're going to be on salary, then the expectations are going to be we're going to feed you and then you're going to make sure that you hit expectations by collaborating, hitting sales. I mean, good. The main ones that flow through my mind is if you add some is hit sales goal. So we're going to we're going to get sales goals, and then we're going to feed you leads and give you coaching to get there. We're going to help you all the way but you know, so we don't get complacent and 100% collaboration with with with everyone. So a win. And a sale is just as much of a win if your neighbor makes one if you do and if you make one, it's just a massive win for your neighbor. That is for yourself and share all the inventory. Those are typically three things that are rubs can become rubbed in the typical commission based what what am I missing there?

Matthias Miller  1:13:18
I have a question. If this is a tangent that we shouldn't go into, let me know. But one of the possible points of frustration could be somebody walks onto a lot. And they look at a building they say I really liked this building. But let me go home and talk to my wife and I'll be back. Should there be a concept of if a building and I don't know how to use this, how to avoid it from being abused. This could be done informally. It could be done actively. But at a minimum, it could be as simple as the dealer portal, showing a quote saying showing the last quote a date and just a hey, if if a building was recently quoted, then go check in with whoever quoted it before you before a quote was generated for a lot building, go check in with whoever generated it make sure that you sell it out from under them. That's one question I would have about selling off each other's slots, but not necessarily about the other things we've been talking about.

Speaker 1  1:14:26
It seems like maybe there will be value in the original and it quoted it is your lead and you're responsible for that lead. You're the one that's going to be following up on that lead. The only one that's going to be proactive on that lead. If that customer chooses to go to a different lot, whether it be another lot or it was an online sales person they decided to go to a lot and they show up on the day that he's there every person just do it. Everybody's just asked to do a little research to make sure that this guy was included. Previously, and if he was quoted previously, tried to sell him that day, no, nobody should not try to sell when they're on the lot. But if they leave you, let's not cause that messiness, it becomes messy. If you have several people trying to follow up, it's never your lead and you unless you were the one that coded them. And then if you don't, quote, quote them, and then you send a message to the guy that quoted and say, Hey, this, well, just like Marcus did actually the other day, that was a good example. A the your, one of your leads was here the other day. And he I spoke to him, and we talked about this and add it to maybe even add it to the CRM notes. Just add it to the CRM notes, and shoot the guy text the original guy and say, Hey, I added the notes, what we talked about the day might want to follow up and this guy, only close it, if you close while is there, otherwise, it just flips right back to the to the original guy, and they continue to come. I get uneasy about saying, oh, let's not close the guy if we would have been able to do and then maybe, you know, answers go down again and when he leaves, but is that? Do you think there there would be a way that that could work? So is there a better way? Because if there's all salaried position,

Unknown Speaker  1:16:35
I should the care.

Speaker 1  1:16:40
Position and, and it's like, maybe all goes on one list. Maybe Maybe that's the way to do it. We have we have truepoint sales, and they're all there. And we have a collaborative goal of this much per week, and they're all lumped together. And you know,

Matthias Miller  1:17:05
I don't think we want to completely remove the individual scorecard. But having visited, good

Speaker 1  1:17:15
maybe having an overall goal, but names attached to it to now.

Matthias Miller  1:17:24
Yeah, I mean, even even, even as a weekly review, as you know, team huddle, I'm all about process and ritual and repetition, as long as it serves us well. But every week, taking a look at where are we at on the on the joint sales curve for everybody? And and anytime that any, anybody posts a when, I mean, I don't know, if daily makes sense at the point that we're making a sale a day. And I don't know exactly what frequency it is, it might make sense to look at the daily, where are we at for the week? How are we progressing?

Speaker 1  1:18:07
The very least maybe Monday morning, say, hey, for this week, look what we got up, we got to make a total of, you know, $380,000 in sales this week, and, and maybe by Wednesday morning, and a huddle, we see that bill, you know, one of the lads has already hit his hit his goal, and the others haven't. And maybe one squad can take up some flack for the next one. And it's a collaborative approach, let's help each other hit the goal. And it needs to be a team approach. And a team feel and I think, if we treat them similarly, and they're all on a similar salary, I think that's key to otherwise, that, you know, oh, well, he's getting, you know, leaks out that he's in 10,000 More than I am. And it's just fair, you know, that becomes but if it's very similar across the platform, and we have a competent set of people that are all able to hold their end of the stick to be worth what, you know, they're getting paid. And they are all none of them is, is slackers where they're just trying to become unwell for fair and the expectations are there to for them to understand that if you become one of those, and then you know, you have to hit these expectations to be one of the team. And then I think it could work. I mean, it's definitely it'll take a lot more a lot more. I mean, at that point, you get all of these different. The more people get involved, the more personalities you have, and of course, there's always the same, so exactly same. So it was more takes more effort to keep everybody in the same position, but I'm willing to give it a shot

Unknown Speaker  1:19:59
do we have

Speaker 1  1:20:01
What are the what are the have a file the way to have in front of me? Do you have quick and easy? The little proposal like that we have put together for Marissa and Tori exactly what we offer them as far as pay goes, and the salary and the expectations there that we may be helpful to.

Matthias Miller  1:20:21
Yeah, I just send that one over to Kristin, we see actually, but we downloaded here, sales.

Matthias Miller  1:20:50
Go ahead, and I'm sending that over to you. Now, the other question I would have is, What about weekly? So here's, again, this is I just haven't yet I want to do it early on with Marissa, I did some checking calls some coaching calls with her. And I, I would like to get on some kind of a cadence to say, every every week, let's get on a week or every other week, let's get on a 15 minute call, we're gonna go over your numbers. Tell me what's been working, what's not been working? Where do you need support? And let's go find your resources to get past your next hurdle. And one of one of the questions I would have is what happens with the dealer, the current dealer support call that happens on a weekly basis? Does that continue to be Dwayne running that? Or is that something that I joined us? After? Yeah, Greg.

Speaker 1  1:21:48
He doesn't run it. Or he doesn't. Nevermind, I run those. But he is on there. And so anything that assists related that involves his knowledge, we just asked him to bring clarity to that. But I leave that call. So that could easily be we could easily and that's an easy because at that point. Yeah, we would just utilize him if needed.

Matthias Miller  1:22:22
And so would you continue doing that with the dealers? Or would you bring Merson Tory into that one as well? Or would you

Speaker 1  1:22:30
thinking maybe we would do? Okay, what's better? Is it better to do weekly deal recall? Or is it better to have a short and sweet morning huddle like we're doing and replace it with the morning huddle, we could easily just say we're replacing it with the morning huddle, and we run with it. And it will be an easy switch on that. But if we think it's more valuable to have a dealer call, either also, or instead, we could also do that. So I would be open.

Matthias Miller  1:23:08
personal preferences, the morning huddle, there's some of the assist questions that I can't answer some of them, but I can't. So we might just have to set up a separate time. Or just see if Dwayne can join us the following morning and walk us through this on a on a call sometime.

Speaker 1  1:23:24
Alright, so it seems like next step is if you'll send me that from what what we offered rescind Tori, I'll work on putting something together on paper as a proposal to to try to merge this together. And then I'd like to situate and get your feedback on and, and I'd like to get this done sooner than later. Obviously, tomorrow is off day. Saturday is but I want to present this to the dealers by next week. Not leave them hanging, I've been promising this. So first of the week, get that on paper sent your way get your feedback. And for everybody's agreement, by the end of next week, present it to them and see if we can't get some collaboration.

Matthias Miller  1:24:13
So I like it. So then as far as on my plate that replaces the need for an additional hire, that we're thinking, because that's significant increases our capacity, or do we still look for one go ahead? I would

Speaker 1  1:24:29
I would think it was I mean at that point we have we've got twice as many people and they're hungry right now. They're like begging me for more leads. And I would think overnight we could have in one week we could be there in they're all in the CRM it would be just simply putting them into a round robin and away we go is It wouldn't be that it would be that easy.

Matthias Miller  1:25:03
Yeah. And then adding secondary dealer locations so they can see each other's buildings. I, I'm, I'm a fan. Okay, so I just wanna make sure that I've got what I need on my plate. I mean, so January campaign, not much to do their sales training, not much. I mean, there's, there's gonna be a little bit to do sales, the phone call recording

Matthias Miller  1:25:32
recording automation, and then sales call reviews and breakdowns either personally, or with Eric, or some other, or some other individual. I mean, there's still continuing to be I think there may have been some automation things for last month, that was just lower priority software automation that I can look at as well. Like the active keeping active campaign, the email, email thing in sync with with the with the CRM. I mean, is that which, and I'm sure that onboarding the dealers is going to, it's going to I don't know what all that's going to involve on my end, but could end up making things a bit busier as well? Is that basically what we're looking at this month? Are there other things that I

Speaker 1  1:26:30
think so? I think I think so the the the Google review going into place, and I would love to see that making sure that functions properly and is being properly used, and that they're, that they're using in a way to where they critique it to get participation up. Participation seems Avilan that one, making sure it works, and then maybe trying to figure out how to get it. Patient? Well, and the lead flow in Indiana, I'm sort of removed on that. Is that has that been switched over? And that's all that's like flowing now? Or is, is that still in transition? Um,

Matthias Miller  1:27:14
so we have been, I think it's from what I know, it's been flowing now. And I actually got a call from Calvin last week about we go about, apparently, first grader was still running some ads. I have not been paying. Let's see.

Speaker 1  1:27:35
We said the previous the previous company was still running some ads. He said,

Unknown Speaker  1:27:42
Yeah, I see. Okay.

Speaker 1  1:27:49
I just wanted to make sure that we get him his attention that he needs to get that finalized and get that pushed to the point where it's switched over and flowing and functioning. And, you know, he's,

Unknown Speaker  1:28:01
he's like, he's,

Speaker 1  1:28:05
he's made the switch or he's like something, you know, he's, it's happening well, or whatever.

Matthias Miller  1:28:10
Yeah, I mean, I'm seeing a whole bunch of leads. I don't know if they're working the Trello. board right now. But I mean, I'm seeing a bunch of leads on the Trello. Board. From,

Unknown Speaker  1:28:21
can you see like, how many would have come in yesterday?

Matthias Miller  1:28:25
Let me see if I got that. Goodness, where would I see that?

Matthias Miller  1:28:44
It's not there. Let's do this now. And I'm there either. I don't think they're getting filter. Let's do this and see if we can do this. Keyword labels or options. No. Might have to ask Dwayne on that.

Matthias Miller  1:29:26
Yeah, I don't, I don't know.

Speaker 1  1:29:31
Good. We just put that on the list gives a little update on that maybe send? I'm sure Calvin would be excited to hear an update on that. Since he wasn't on the call. He would have probably asked that. That'd be great. But other than that, I think on the 230 mark, so yeah, excited about the progress we made the day I think we can pull this one off. It'll be it could really make a big difference. On the close rate, it would give them a hit Huge ability to do off lot sales quickly throughout the entire region so that'll be great

Unknown Speaker  1:30:07
yep all right appreciate it

Matthias Miller  1:30:12
you bet thanks


Transcribed by https://otter.ai