Unknown Speaker  00:49
Everybody, good morning. Good morning. Good

Matthias Miller  00:51
morning. How's everybody? I am well, how are you? I'm well. Thanks Michael isn't on yet. Did you guys have any questions? Any additional questions to put on the? Oh, no, I didn't pull it up. No, no, that doesn't feel switching when Eric questions on the

Matthias Miller  01:56
and yeah of questions before I send it over to Eric, for Saturday.

Speaker 1  02:03
I was going to try to brainstorm a few more do we need to come up with more? I know we only have about four or five on there.

Matthias Miller  02:11
Now he's got a ton of content material. So okay. I'm sure. Yeah, I'm not worried that we won't get good value. If we don't. We'll have a list of questions. But if there are specifics. If there are specifics that we can to ask him, I would send him over this way. Michael?

Unknown Speaker  02:39
Morning, Michael. Good morning. Everyone.

Unknown Speaker  02:44
Good. How are you?

Speaker 2  02:48
Doing a lot better this morning. Every day, man was gets better. So better by the day. Hopefully it doesn't stop. Hopefully it doesn't stop for a year keeps getting better for a year.

Unknown Speaker  03:02
Michael, Has anyone told you you have a radio voice?

Unknown Speaker  03:07
Hmm, that's the first one.

Unknown Speaker  03:11
I can definitely hear some type of reporting voice I hear.

Unknown Speaker  03:24
I agree. So

Unknown Speaker  03:24
good. Sorry. Go ahead.

Speaker 3  03:30
No, just to tag on Matthias. I don't have any additional questions either. I think what we have there is a good foundation. I'm sure Eric will be open to questions as they arise given the material that's being shared. I think one of the things I was concerned about was the wanting to make sure that we had metrics to show him based on what we're seeing. I know you and I had kind of taken a stab at what was coming in. Is that something that I can help or something you have access to preparing pre the conversation because I didn't want to talk purely on hypotheticals with him I really wanted to be able to show him like hey, this is what we've received since beginning of October. This is where we're at you know, just just for candid critiques, I think is what I was looking for. So I was hoping we could show him some things the other kind of like yeah, so that was just something on my mind in addition to questions was like almost like you know how you'd have a been a business analyst come in and look at your hard numbers. I was wondering if he would have some insights if he saw like the hard numbers.

Matthias Miller  04:48
Yeah. See, me? Yeah, we actually have have that report the bricks breaks down leads received leads qualify percent qualified quoted percentage percentage one

Speaker 3  05:18
is that a collective report? Or is that like a triage report for for sales person? Collective would probably make the most sense from a training perspective but maybe seeing individual could be helpful to

Matthias Miller  05:45
Yeah, put something together I think it's make sense. Yeah. Good. Evening, anything else that

Speaker 2  06:34
lets you have a quick one, I thought maybe we could we could circle around and talk briefly about All right, that we're gonna the date, right that on Saturday, this coming Saturday, the seventh is when Eric Hunsberger is going to helping us with the training meetings, right? Yep, that's right. Is there anything that we should know, talk about prepare for on that understand it starts at nine goes to five. And we're right on it.

Matthias Miller  07:11
We had it is 930 going until five.

Speaker 2  07:21
And this is going to be a like zoom slash call in type of thing is that out, but that's going to be? Yeah, that's

Matthias Miller  07:30
right, we'll use this you can use this phone number to call in. And we'll use this meeting room. And then the plan, the plan is going to be to have will be at the same physical location, but the probably be separate rooms for audio purposes. And I've got a got a young guy here who does video and audio, audio stuff. So he agreed to help us with tech to make sure that we can, what we want to do is we want to get I can go over this on the beginning of the call. But what we want to want to be able to do then is have the mute everybody, anytime that Eric's talking and then you know unmute for, for q&a and those types of things. And then that'll let us do a video of just Eric doing the training that we can then put that into into the wiki or, or links to it in the wiki for for future future training purposes.

Unknown Speaker  08:38
Getting stuff. Good. Sounds great. So if I remember correctly, he's he has compiled a whole bunch of

Speaker 2  08:53
agendas like screenshots will be showing talking about going through it. And then basically, if there's any questions and comments throughout this whole thing that we we just interact when we get to the q&a thing, is that right?

Matthias Miller  09:10
Yeah, I think so. And I'm not totally opposed to, and I don't think he'll be totally opposed to interjecting with questions. I think we can we can certainly do that. I mean, he said this the slide deck that he had from the shed Expo. I forget what there was one of those slides in particular we were talking about earlier. Maybe it was price objections back when you're talking about price objections, but some of those if if we really wanted to drill down into the details, any one of those slides and sometimes even the bullet points in the slides, you can drill in pretty deep so I don't think there's any problem with with the level of level of content and we can just give him feedback on on where we are I want to make sure that we, we get our questions answered. But I also want to leave room for the we don't know what we don't know. And what are the problems that we're gonna face? That we're not thinking about now that we're gonna face? Three to six months, months from now?

Speaker 2  10:18
Absolutely. Does he have? Does he have the same set us on the show? Or a different set or a combination? Or don't you know

Unknown Speaker  10:27
that offhand?

Speaker 2  10:29
I could be a lot of content for sure. If it's from 930 to five. So that's really good. I was in the session, Eric session at the show. And that was really good. It was maybe an hour an hour. Yeah. With things going on, about this for sure. Any questions on that? Maritza and Tory, are coming up for that? All? And do you have the questions that are ringing in your mind and ask or

Speaker 3  11:13
Matthias, do you have the list of questions pulled up on your computer right now? Yeah, let's let's hit those as a team really quick, just to make sure that we're all aligned on we're asking these kind of as a group. Hey, Eric, I want to make sure Michael knows what we're asking of him. So these ones we collected so far, Michaels to ask, which was, you know, thanks. Thanks for sharing that advice. How do we handle casual online shoppers and identify them early? And then another question we had was, if online closing rates are less than an 8020 ratio? is the solution to increase the pipeline volume? Or is it better to understand the customer objections that are not closing on deals? So it was that was a question I had put out there is, you know, do you need a larger pond to fish out of? Or do you need to be able to refine the process? Better, essentially? A third question is what volume of fresh, qualified and closing leads in one salesperson manage on average. And I'd like to know that based upon something we talked about early on about, you know, bringing on the team meat for the evening. And I know many people in sales that have their own personal assistants just to manage the data recording, and then they do what they do best in talking to people. I think Eric's even dabbled into that a bit too. So just trying to figure out where to this spread resources and make sure we get the most bang for true points back overall. And then the fourth question I have here are, we had as a team collected, how many outreaches should be made to an unresponsive customer before stopping contact? Matthias, I remember you sharing with us earlier in our trainings about repetative repetitive contacts and the percentage of people that reach out later on down the road. I totally, that data was really helpful. Because I think early on I was kind of like, well, this is pointless, like, three three voicemails later still haven't talked to someone, but it was, it is actually bold and quite true. You know, once you pass four, five and six, they they've reached out, which is wild. And so I wanted to hear from Eric about that. And also like his method of outreach, too is he primarily phone see primarily email? So he primarily texts like it does not matter? The the channel of these outreaches? Maybe that would be question number five, I guess this you know, how, which channels are most effective to make an unresponsive customer, a responsive customer from his experience. So that's what we're starting sending those talking points that we want to kind of just to personalize some of this training to what and Torian learning as we go.

Speaker 2  14:25
Good. That'd be the chances you might be able to send me a screenshot of those questions. That'd be amazing.

Speaker 3  14:30
I think it's a pretty high percentage. Actually, it's a pretty high chance

Unknown Speaker  14:40
hazing technology these days right.

Unknown Speaker  14:43
To make that happen,

Matthias Miller  14:46
I would still encourage you just because the odds are good with this. I do not encourage you to go out and play the lottery today.

Speaker 2  14:56
I've seen that the other day about three months ago was going down the road and just stay biller was seeing it was like what was it? The, the mega million? Or was it the Powerball was the biggest one? It was like, billions or something like 1 billion or something like, wow, how crazy. But what are the odds? You know,

Unknown Speaker  15:18
right? Oh, no,

Unknown Speaker  15:20
it'd be to be pouring money into that.

Speaker 3  15:24
That'd be wild. It's funny every year, the fellow that sold us our house, the realtor, he'll send us a Christmas card. And he always puts a lottery ticket in it. And it's always people like it's the only time of year I actually like hold a lottery ticket in my hands. And I'm like, I can't fully it's kind of cute and funny the way he sends it to his previous customers every Christmas, but my kids get a kick out of scratching off the foil on the front of the thing. And then we just throw it away. Like

Matthias Miller  15:59
I don't Yeah, we actually played around with doing a scratch off. What are you going to win on a direct mail campaign that we did for Mocksville? As a funnel, gets people engaged? Yeah, yeah. Oh, sidenote lottery. I'll see this do we give me lottery psychology. The the numbers on the left side are much more likely to be matches and the numbers on the right side. And it's done intentionally, so that you intentionally engage and become more heavily invested in scratching. From left to right. Wow.

Speaker 2  16:42
So you always think you're almost there. And then you scratch the last half? And then Oh, no.

Speaker 3  16:49
Wow. When you do 5050, raffles like it, you know, my children play sports, they'll have those roll of tickets, and you put money in for that. It's always like, it matches it matches it matches and then no.

Unknown Speaker  17:06
Did you excited for no reason?

Matthias Miller  17:13
Good.

Speaker 3  17:14
Interesting. So this document, can we set like a deadline? Matthias when you want to send these questions to him? Maybe you know, 1pm if anything else comes to mind.

Matthias Miller  17:27
We already shared it with him already. But okay, I can Okay, if you guys have more to add, we'll just ping him and have him just text them or something. Let him know that I added. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  17:39
No worries.

Speaker 2  17:45
Is the very have any, any intentions of taking any breaks at all, or is just going to be like a solid session all the way through?

Matthias Miller  17:54
I can't imagine we should. I would vote for a for everybody's sake, I would vote for 45 minute lunch, it gives us enough time to for he and I to walk downtown and grab a bite and come back and we can take some breaks in between for sure. I didn't really talk to him about expectations. But I don't I don't know. I'm open to input from you guys as well.

Speaker 3  18:25
Is anyone Oh, no, I agree. Is anyone else joining the call from dealers or team members that are not just you know, the four of us as we speak in the morning, I don't know how far the net was thrown.

Speaker 2  18:45
But my brother Gabe, maybe on the call and the guy from Indiana Calvin and wane, those two guys are gonna be invited as well. If they have time, they'll go beyond there as well. I thought we could. Today we're gonna have a little call here after lunch with these guys, and we'll be discussing this year. So we turned on that but those are potential to be on there as well.

Speaker 3  19:13
And then be a little forward in asking this. But I remember there being a comment about the potential for online growth in that region in Indiana, is that something that they're champion or they championing that? Are they thinking about it? Where did they what's their goal? And there was a somewhat of a merge, is that correct between Indiana and North Carolina?

Speaker 2  19:40
There is they are sort of would you say they're making the transition and moving that direction? Yes. They want to increase their

Unknown Speaker  19:56
their

Speaker 2  19:58
lead flow and Then as they their capacity for brick and mortar dealers, right now, capabilities of handling lead flow fields up, and then they start transitioning to utilizing the online sales team as well transitioning into that this year, so it's in a process.

Unknown Speaker  20:23
Cool, that's great.

Speaker 2  20:30
And just a little side note on on, we had spoken about in 2022, about working on getting the only team ability to sell pre built units that are already built at location in some way. And want to just get you a little update that I haven't forgotten that and actively working on some ideas in that. Either bringing a more collaborative approach to some of the brick and mortar dealers one or creating at the builders lot, a lot where we stock shares, and you sell them off of there. So A or B, and planning on determining that before end of the month on which direction to go and move.

Speaker 3  21:24
On that note, Michael, I wanted to make a mention and ask the question we have I have a customer His name is Rob Snowden. And he visited Marcus at South Boston in order to see the products in person, he was a really nice guy. This is like his retirement spread workshop office type of investment in himself. So he's here he's taking his time, he's got a lot of great ideas on the design and the flow of the building. So it works for him. And he stopped by, I didn't know he was gonna stop by South Boston, actually, he, he sent me an email, he's like, Oh, by the way, you got some free time. And I drove by the South Boston line met a guy named Marcus, he was super nice. And then Marcus ended up sending me a quick message as well, just to say, Hey, I talked to your customer, Robert, he was great. We looked at a couple buildings just wanted to let you know, type of thing. So if Robert buys a building, you know, Mark is played a pretty solid hand in showing him materials and answering questions that he had. So I don't know if the whole you know, maintaining a solid, collaborative spirit with dealers versus the Online team, if it would be something to consider in compensating markets. Somehow, if that sale goes through or rewarding him for the time and energy, he invested into an online client that didn't actually buy anything from his lot. But he probably, you know, spent over an hour with him walking around and showing him building so just want to bring that up. I know, that has come up before with, you know, folks dropping by Knoxville, and I don't really think we've had a lot of people drive by chatter, but um, South Boston does seem to be in a location that some of our leads are coming from. So I'll keep you posted. As far as the progress of this lead. The he he will probably close on his building during January and take advantage of that 10% off point five discount. So yeah, just want to make sure to mention that one. Because Marcus was so kind to do that, you know, kind of off the cuff wasn't expected, but you know, he tackled it. And I thought, you know, did a great job. So something

Speaker 2  23:42
good, yeah, keep me posted, if you? Yeah, sure. You posted if you do sell that one. That's great. And, and what you just mentioned, is great. My comment on more collaborative approach is if if, if you do decide to go that route, it would be like part of it being in a in a the entire structure of the brick and mortar dealer, being structured in a way to where it is a win for everybody. If a sale was made, whether it's made by the Online team, or if it's made at the brick and mortar dealer, it would be trying to bring collaboration together to where there's a communication flow back and forth trying to close the sale online or trying to drive the customers to lots to make a sale there or selling off using utilizing all of that inventory to sell off a lot whether it's a person that's like present or an online person. I think there could be a lot of value in that the structure that's currently in place is structured slightly differently, more conventional and I definitely would need to restructure that and that's why it's a big one. How much how much value just in a knee jerk 30 seconds A buyers of Victoria and Marissa, is that apt to have ability to be able to do that, I think, with the structure that's in place right now, for South Boston, and for Chad and Virginia, those locations are actually more similar to what I think it would be probably not that difficult to make that collaboration on those two is the one in Mocksville is a little bit trickier. But if I was able to make a collaboration between South Boston and Chatham for 2023, where you'll be able to do all of that, how much impact will that have on the ability boost sales and to have that close rate? So you know, significantly up love to hear a knee jerk a 32nd, knee jerk from each of you.

Unknown Speaker  26:01
Do you think Tory,

Speaker 2  26:03
once again, the three things that it would be would be ability to sell all of their inventory off lot, selling it immediately, to being able to drive those people that want to see sheds to their lot and allow them to make the sale at the location or online and it would be like collaboration to win either way. And and just you know exactly how it is now trying to make sales directly online.

Speaker 3  26:38
My knee jerk is always going to be that it will, it will increase closures. It didn't, I can't imagine a world where if collaboration occurs, sales go down. Okay, it just doesn't make sense. Collaboration occurring cross platforms, gives the customer more access to the product, sales will go up, I would, I would bet on that even though I won't buy a lottery ticket, I would bet on that the ratio of how much those go up test test test. But I think collaboration will drive customer closure rates. A, they're probably not going to be purely online closure rates, you know, the whole passing back and forth thing could be a little tricky. But, you know, if they were to walk on a lot and buy the one off a lot, versus walk on a lot, and then continue forward with their custom building, and close the deal at the lot. I think there's an opportunity for that.

Speaker 1  27:53
Yeah, it's nice that customers can go to, like customers in the North Carolina area have a place to go. And also in the Virginia area, and not just you know, not just a location in Hampton bills. So it's nice that both of those locations are available for that collaboration that I think will only help. And like Marcy said, we just have to see as far as the ratio, but it's nice to have that available.

Speaker 3  28:25
Yeah, and as far as like a triage of labor, you know, if if a customer calls, if a customer fills out the form and that lead is injected, and Tory and I are working on that lead, and we're getting them on the phone, and we're doing the effort on that end, and then we lose them to a law, that to me is not really a loss, because then it just opens up our window of time and energy to go get another lead and put them in the pipeline. So I think George and I are, you know, casting bait into the pond often and then if we can get that fish on the line, and then we have support from a dealership to reel them in. Because they need to see the product or they want to touch it or they want to you know actually walk in and building I still think it's a decent division of labor, as opposed to a guest not having access to anything and then being reliant completely upon Tory and I to navigate with pictures and and things they can't see or touch and then it kind of slows them down on their decision making process because they didn't step on a lot. So that's just hyperbole, but I think that's how a customer will respond. That's unamortized

Matthias Miller  29:48
my only real way to answer this is with some wildly made up numbers. But if I had to make a guess there's five to 10% of customers for which this is a deal breaker and they will not do it unless it's within Box products. Somebody, oh, actually, I'm gonna say, again, wildly made up numbers. But for 10% of prospects, if they a can't get it as soon as they need it or be they can't go physically touch it, that it's a deal breaker and they just say no. And for an additional five to 10%, that's probably a little high, but it's just a lot more heavy lifting, and it ends up taking three times as long to get them over to three times as much work to get them over the line. But Marissa and Tory have, have more, have more feedback from that? I think. I mean, they're the ones having the actual conversations with the customers. It's just kind of what I've gathered secondhand. If there's a way to consolidate and combine these models, I think that's only going to be illegal going to be positive. So that's the that's my 32nd Answer.

Speaker 2  31:06
Good, I think we're at the 10 o'clock mark. And I want to make everybody late. But covered a lot of ground tomorrow, Friday. Able to make the call there is January 6 is an old Amish holiday that off is going to be closed tomorrow, January 6.

Speaker 3  31:30
Oh, what's up holiday Michael to tell us about what this holiday is those that grew up in the army.

Speaker 2  31:39
So we keep it as like old Christmas. So his you know, obviously changed a little bit. And so that was has been cat and so it's just been an homage sort of tradition to keep that day as well. So

Speaker 3  31:56
that reminds me of like the feast of St. Nicholas in middle early December. I have some friends that keep that it's a very special holiday to them that I didn't really know about was until this year, they celebrate their a Catholic faith and that's something that they celebrate in addition to Christmas Day, which is that was neat.

Matthias Miller  32:19
The date coincides I don't know if the history coincides with the date coincides with the epiphany. So if I don't know if you guys can get it. I haven't ever actually dug up the the history on that at all.

Speaker 3  32:33
That's cool. Well enjoy the day off. That sounds special.

Speaker 2  32:40
Look forward to talking on Saturday, I guess. Saturday morning at 930.

Matthias Miller  32:46
Sounds good. We'll talk then. That's good. All righty.

Unknown Speaker  32:49
Take care, everybody.

Matthias Miller  32:51
Thank you. Last question. Merson and Tori, just to confirm you guys are also taking off tomorrow. Is that right? With with the Saturday? You guys plan to be on online tomorrow?

Speaker 3  33:00
Good question. I guess. I guess I could do that. Or I could do like a half day today and a half day tomorrow just to make sure leads are kind of getting pushed out. It doesn't matter to me. Just to make

Unknown Speaker  33:13
it about it was best, what would be best?

Matthias Miller  33:19
I mean, Tori for you typically, typically what you've done is is a Friday off. I don't have a problem with you doing that. I think that makes sense to keep that well. Largely makes sense. I guess you don't have Saturday. I mean, if you want to do two half days and keep following up with leads.

Speaker 3  33:36
I still feel a little behind from the holiday. So half days, I'll raise my hand for half days just because I want to keep pushing through some stuff. And I don't want to take the whole day off tomorrow and then be sitting in training on Saturday not actually keeping things out. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  33:51
Well, I don't think anybody Nobody here is opposed. Okay, so I don't think anybody is opposed. If you guys feel behind and you guys don't feel like you need it for your personal well being. I'm not a huge advocate with people pushing themselves past 40 hour weeks on a consistent basis. I don't think it's often productive but I'm gonna go and violate that rule sometimes anyway, but but if as independent contractors, you can't pull overtime so there won't be any overtime for this but I don't think anybody is opposed to you working as much as you want to need to to keep up. But I don't know that there's any expectation that you guys have to work more than because want to do two half days that's great. And if you feel like for your own sanity and sake you would rather work more than that. We're not going to stop you but that asking you to do that either.

Speaker 3  34:47
I will work today until two and then I will clock out and then I will work tomorrow morning as well. And then I will clock out I will consider them who half days so that I don't push the push the envelope on ours. Mmm, that will just make me feel like I'm actually continuing traction on some of these leads that show up in the morning after the the evening inquiries plus the follow up. So

Speaker 1  35:11
I'm gonna tackle my to do list today and answer incoming leads and tomorrow I'll just answer all incoming leads, if that works.

Matthias Miller  35:22
Okay, cool. Sounds good. Appreciate it. Yep, have a good one. Take care.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai