Unknown Speaker  00:18
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, mike check here. Let me just change my volume. So again how's the Happy New Year for you?

Matthias Miller  00:29
Yeah, it is shockingly brutal for me to get back into the swing of things after I've been out for a while, but

Speaker 1  00:36
I have had a worst time but I am definitely having a bad time with that this year as well.

Unknown Speaker  00:42
Yeah. But no, we didn't get time. That's great.

Matthias Miller  00:47
How was how were the holidays for you guys?

Speaker 1  00:50
Nice a little a little bit too busy and I had been telling my wife all fall we're not gonna spend time shopping. We're gonna like play with the kids and unfortunately, we still spent way too much time shopping. But we all had fun.

Matthias Miller  01:05
We've started one of the things we've done actually done for a while but buying our kids experiences and so one year we bought tickets to the Royal Gorge train they were somebody actually gifted us a fairly sizable gift certificate towards it they paid the balance and this year we're planning to one of our gifts to them was a night away at an Airbnb and spending the next day snowtubing in the mountains so

Speaker 1  01:33
that is fantastic. We had talked about doing some just like that and sale but yes, that's Yeah

Matthias Miller  01:38
simplifies the simplifies the shopping process. Yeah, absolutely. Good. All right. Well rip through this as much as we can. So we get to can get to the any interesting stuff we're going to talk about. People have been hunting down gave us phone number to call him up from the auto responder. No way. Yes.

Unknown Speaker  02:07
Yes. Okay.

Matthias Miller  02:10
Which is good. But he doesn't really want to get phone calls from random people. At first, Mike was like, so in addition to this Mike has been pushing he's like, you're ghostwriting. These, not everything's completely accurate for me. Like, can you just put your name on it? Yeah. Okay, maybe. And then he's like, these people are calling probably the salespeople can we put the sales people's name on it? And literally, as soon as these people so basically, I don't know how we do the first intro email. But could we have automation that once they get assigned to a sales rep, that all emails start coming from that sales? Rep. Okay,

Speaker 1  03:03
very interesting. I don't know I think it's possible. I guarantee you're going to need a higher level plan for Active Campaign to do that kind of fancy stuff when I say guarantee maybe not. But it seems like everything along this line that I've looked at either hire plan I taking notes. Are you recording this or anything? Please do actually give me the recording permission if you don't mind? Absolutely. And excuse me for one second.

Matthias Miller  03:44
Standard tell somebody else to get permission to record and I don't even know

Speaker 1  03:47
I have the same problem. I think the easiest way is to find me in the participants panel should be able to right click and say Allow record does not always work. Or you got it. Going? Good. Good. Okay. Okay, so, I'm gonna I'm gonna keep typing in on this as well. So once a sales person responds, have emails come from them.

Matthias Miller  04:13
Okay, now, here's the problem with that these guys are persnickety about their integrity. Yeah, is it true? And so, if you want an email for a job for Tom, say, Hey, Tom, you did such a good job with this, that we gotta get these emails coming from somebody else. Can you repeat these?

Speaker 1  04:34
Yes, I think that's a great Can I jump straight to the Tom thing? Yeah, no further conversations. Okay, Tom. So let me just tell you who Tom is so he is a Christian hating atheist. Funny enough. He is World Warren and bitter. That sounds terrible. Everything that is said sounds like really hard, but all of it kind of mildly. Okay. So He is one of the genuine original and yeah the OG that they say people who literally made millions for themselves and for clients at the beginning of the internet. Literally sales letters and VSLs. He had a heat up tell some funny stories, when he first hit it rich and as best I can tell, he really did I have verified that he does, in fact know Kevin and Vaughn Halbert, who are Gary Halbert sons and a bunch of the other big wigs like he can't be a total Faker because these guys know him and talk to him and whatever else. Anyway, he like, hit it rich one day, and then went out with his millions to try to like explore the world and figure out what rich people do and how to walk, talk and dress like a rich person. It's pretty good. But then he got to the other end of the bell curve. He had a bad business deal, they cheated him out of millions. And he had to refund some people because of something I forgot all the details like a huge amount of money. And then he got to divorce his wife to his house, his car, you know, you know how this goes? Yep. Most of his money. And unfortunately, his reaction to that was to buy a and I'm I am literally serious about this, literally to buy a one way ticket to the Philippines. With no job, no income, no money, no wife and just go over there and in my words, suck his thumb. In the meantime, he's been bumping around over there for a pretty good while now several years, I think his health is going downhill. He has some heart problems in particular. He is beginning over the last year or two, he's begun to realize that he shot himself in the foot and he shouldn't have gone, you know, gone and felt sorry for himself the way he did. But now he's kind of down. And he's it's interesting to me. I don't know how to encapsulate this quickly. But if you listen to like what Perry has been saying over the last few years about the way the world and marketing and business and everything is headed. The old classic, just put up a sales letter be a good copywriter and run some Google ads to it is not exactly one to one mechanical, black and white anymore. Like the new world does not quite work that way. And so Tom, when he goes to try to make deals or find a new job, I think to a big extent he finds himself a little out of date, because the people who still want email series, and sales letters and whatever they now think they can get this kind of thing for several $100 from a freelancer or from chat GPT output, you know what I mean? Right, and so he's overpriced for the any eight is health means he can't take a heavy workload, but he needs about 3000 a month. He's never wanted to have a full time job. And he's hurting bad enough lately that he's been saying, well, maybe I need just go get a job at a company, which is kind of a waste of his skills. And I know, I know, he's gonna burn through that quickly. So I've been hiring him for a few times. And I am almost done with this. But I've been hiring him for a few side jobs. I've got a little JV project going with him where I'm trying to get him to build a funnel with me. And I'm going to pay for the ads. And if the revenue ever works, we're going to split it so far, not much good coming out of that. And then unfortunately, on top of all this, we have the holidays, and he caught a cold and he's been coughing for weeks and feels miserable. So I can't, I can hardly get him to do any work. Yeah, so and I did just hire him as a completely internal thing. Alex, who, as you recall, is helping me with the Facebook ads for truepoint. He's been telling me for months, I want to copywriter, I want to copywriter. So I finally paid Tom a week ago, several $100 Just to get a vast copy plan is to go over the data, see what has been working and failing so far. And see if Tom can write a you know, a split test and beat beat the control so to speak. And we don't need to we don't necessarily need to pass that along to Gabe or anybody that's kind of a business internal thing on my end. With all that said, Tom seems he appears really like me. He likes working on the truepoint stuff. And if we can do you know, if we got to get him a roll with some stability, it'd be pretty awesome. Okay, well,

Matthias Miller  09:21
let me throw in one other thing to the mix. I think I talked to you about this. Yep. We've been kicking around. I've been talking to Tim Francis a little bit. And talking about, I don't know where to go. And, you know, I have this notorious problem of getting my fingers into too much stuff. But one of the problems we face in the custom software side is, is there's no good list and there's no good way to market to these people. And my brother's suggestion was we've actually had requests for this. Can you guys do research and help us figure out what software to buy? This is something that can be systematized built into a process and can be scaled And my genius has skin. If it ends up being involved, it's only 5% of the entire recipe. And it's building it. So I think that's an interesting model recode house itself, on the software side to scale. My brother wants to own the Anabaptist market. In the software space, we have one other major competitor who just entered in the last year, year and a half. And like, if there's a way that we could pay him a base with some upside up to a cap, where I don't want to be paying him lots of money for life, but maybe it does mean a retainer. As long as, as long as we're up above a certain amount. You know, I don't know what it means. To build out that, I think that's an interesting avenue to explore as well.

Speaker 1  11:02
Sure, I got you, right, you're referring to Tom doing that for code house or something else?

Matthias Miller  11:05
Yes. So I'm doing that for code house. And I am sometimes really Oh, hang on my Stein.

Matthias Miller  11:22
There we go. So, so I can be quite ambivalent about serving the Anabaptist market in this way. But it does.

Unknown Speaker  11:35
Hang on, I'm still here. Yeah. And you still sound okay.

Matthias Miller  11:38
Series trying to kick in. So sometimes a bit ambivalent about serving the Anabaptist market. But it does seem like a reasonable way to help contractors grow and scale and provide some baseline, some some revenue on the House side. And what I'd love to see is some kind of membership or retainer model that gets built into this. I don't know what that looks like yet. And all the better if this model considered around software.

Matthias Miller  12:12
So other random thought with that. So one question would be, dear Tom, how much would it take to take that? Did I send you that I sent you the story of that? Shed that fell over on delivery?

Speaker 1  12:28
It's ringing a bell. And I don't know, I can't remember if I have a copy or anything with it or not.

Matthias Miller  12:33
There's this great story about this guy who got called up by somebody in the one of the delivery guys got called up and said, Hey, this guy said, I got a building. I built it myself. Can you move it for me guys? Like yep, I can move it.

Unknown Speaker  12:45
I remember I told my wife about it, because it was funny. Yes.

Matthias Miller  12:49
So that is the INTEGRIS version of the Sally bought her shed look at what her shed is like. So like Mike was very interested in having the email autoresponder rewritten to that. But I think if you just say, yes, but we can't integrity, sign our name underneath it. And maybe it means like, Hey, I'm gonna tell you a story about, you know, that gave told me, I don't know how you do this. But if

Speaker 1  13:20
I have a solution to all these problems, we switch from domain to we switched from gave to you. And then you can tell us anything you want, and we can quote you or you can quote yourself.

Matthias Miller  13:34
Well, that's not entirely unreasonable. Although my name is not on the website.

Speaker 1  13:41
We can add it now. But, you know, ain't no accident. Let me tackle that for a second. And, again, to be clear, religiously, I have some I'm not an Anabaptist. Mennonite, not Amish. But I, my my Christian church community has a lot of doctrinal and theological roots in that. And so and so I get it as my points if it in in my world. I'm trying to say the super succinctly, my church has very seriously tackled ephemera from a non traditional third party outsider perspective, issues like non violence, I have no idea how much the Mennonites actually talked about this in the real world, based on my training, and what I know, it's been a really serious issue for me for Anabaptist for 500 years, I assume that they actually discuss it and talk about it in church or in school or at home or something. I don't know that that's even true anymore. Maybe that was true for the years ago and isn't true. Now. Can you?

Matthias Miller  14:44
Short story is that a lot of these doctrines have become they're digested and they've been solved, and they're no longer actively being discussed and they think the Annabelle This community as a whole is doing a really, really poor job of engaging. Well, almost anybody around these things, I think, really what needs to be happened is we need to pull out these arguments, dust them off, go out, go out it again. And let let the current generation actually take a look at it and gain ownership of it. But everybody's too scared. Like, if we look at these, if we look at these issues, everybody's too scared about what happens if we don't come out exactly the same place as we were in then Then what have we gained? So yeah, I absolutely

Speaker 1  15:34
the problem is, y'all are y'all I'm including you didn't mean to throw you under the bus there. But they are throwing themselves under the bus. Because without talking about it and actually teaching it within a generation, nobody would a small handful of pastor's kids are going to even know about it. And they're certainly not going to know why. And they're not going to be able to defend themselves when the draft comes for world war three, or whatever happens next. That makes sense. It goes there's a there's a quote, I need this about twice a year, I need to go find this guy. But a long time ago when like the Renaissance and Enlightenment was happening. And the French and German philosophers were attacking Christianity as a whole. They were of course wrong, but they were smart people and they didn't know what they're talking about. On a certain level. One of those guys said, The best way to kill God is to let him die quietly in a corner. That's probably a slight misquote. But that's essentially what he said. And his goal in life was to make sure that discussions of God, religion, etc, were removed from the classroom and the public sphere, so that God simply didn't get talked about, so that nobody thought about him. So that the culture at large would move on without him. And in his mind, that's how you go God. And let me tell you what, that works really good. It works on a lot of other levels, too, such as particular issues, like baptism, or non violence or anything like that, if you don't talk about it, it is going to die. And pretty soon, nobody's going to remember it at all. Okay, I didn't mean to go away for that far now that sorry about that. But my point in bringing it up is that while my church and community has studied and wrestled with this stuff to try to come to a, you know, what we should and should not believe in is what is the short version of that, over the years, it becomes apparent that when you cross certain thresholds and the world is and the whole tide of the world is very much against this, but when you cross certain thresholds, it has secondary effects upon you, where if you're really going to hold to a particular belief, it is going to cost you something. And in the interest of actually holding on to it, you may have to change something else. And that was a terribly long winded way of saying this. If Gabe and company are absolutely determined that everything is perfectly ethical with integrity, they will have to it's not compromise. It's make arrangements to facilitate the integrity. And so they may, on their website, need to call you literally appoint you, VP of marketing or something. So then you are on the website, and you look official, and we can then quote you, right? Like it's a matter of how serious they are about it. I don't need it. But if they want to go down a certain track, they need to accommodate that tracks.

Matthias Miller  18:24
Yep. Makes sense. Right. So then I became become the voice. Exactly. And then you get heavy arguments with me about I'm going to probably still, in some measure, defend and protect their values. But

Speaker 1  18:43
you got got you by random happenstance. And maybe God is in it somehow. But I don't think you could have picked a better person to do marketing that we could have the conversations with.

Matthias Miller  18:52
Like, it is not random happenstance. 1 million I remember when we tried to do roofing ads together, anyway. Yeah. Crazy, huh?

Unknown Speaker  19:06
So

Matthias Miller  19:09
we can have you and I can have those conversations quite well. Yep. Good.

Speaker 1  19:15
actually enjoy them. By the way, you're like the only person in the world outside my church that I can have conversations with.

Matthias Miller  19:22
That's awesome. That's awesome. All right. So you will work on a proposal for Tom on on revamping those and putting that thing in and see what that looks like.

Speaker 1  19:32
And that's in the scope of the email series. Yes. So and let me make a note for myself to do.

Speaker 1  19:47
And now when I go to break this down for Tom, am I going to position this as hey, there's these couple stories we didn't like and we want to replace them with some alternative stories, or do we want to say it's that and more let's carefully overhaul the whole thing. collaborate with Matthias. And how far

Matthias Miller  20:03
away is that? Well, I think it's gonna be an easy sell to say, Hey, Mike. Oh yeah, you want, you want this to come from me? Well, but I didn't grow up 12 years old building sheds under a tree. So we got to make sure that this gets communicated in a way. And it might involve some rework of how this gets communicated and done. I think he gets it. Okay. I mean, let's, let's go figure out what it takes to go do it right. And yeah, probably means redoing some stuff. It's probably more than just simple edits. Some of its probably going to be simple edits. I don't know. Yeah, I got it. I don't know if it's,

Speaker 1  20:46
and we can always quote gave the founder like, we can tell the company story, so to speak, where we're still talking about how gave us you know, but then you're the one telling instead of game telling it?

Matthias Miller  20:57
Yeah. Yeah. Okay, all right. And I don't know how in depth that needs to be. But I think regardless of the level of work that's edited and required, I think I think the end product has to be well, okay, hang on. So is it coming from me? Or is it coming from the salesperson,

Speaker 1  21:18
here's what, okay, even from a software perspective, but also a marketing perspective, I think it all needs to start coming from you. And then if there's a way to do some fancy auto stuff that makes it come from the salesperson after they are assigned, will kick that in. And, you know, that's fine, because honestly, by the time a salesperson has connected with the lead, and is a sign, the emails themselves probably need to change. Not necessarily, I'll need to think that through. But I'm just thinking like, there's actually a pivot point there, where maybe we're asking different questions and not asking other questions that didn't looking redundant. Once they've talked to the salesperson, you know what I mean? They probably just need to split over to another autoresponder by the time they've connected with the salesperson.

Matthias Miller  22:07
You Yeah, but then does it happen? I mean, so we still have, I wonder to where these phone calls are coming from if these are coming from No, we didn't have promotional emails coming from. I wonder if that was if that was coming from our December promotion email, or if it was coming from other truepoint auto responder?

Unknown Speaker  22:30
No idea.

Unknown Speaker  22:32
It'd be pretty hard to track.

Matthias Miller  22:34
By the way, a little side note, I definitely do not think of myself as a professional copywriter. I don't know if I told you this before. But these guys who are in awe over my emails, so

Speaker 1  22:44
it's Perry's thing about you take something from one industry walk across the street to another industry, and that industry thinks you're the Messiah, that fairies worse, because that's true, brought this amazing thing to the door that works so good.

Matthias Miller  22:55
And I've been sitting in a world of world class marketers as the little software engineer, and I'm sure I've never even grasped how much I've understood, you have comprehended without that they haven't even considered so. Well, okay, so my pitch back to Mike is, I don't even think from a software standpoint, it's that hard. These things get pushed into a tight corner, we've got a script running on our end, oh, we need it, what I need to do is in that script, that script needs to be the one that creates the lead and automatically assigns it, we import the contact into our CRM, at which point it automatically gets assigned to salesperson. And at that point, then we can import the contact into Active Campaign with the custom field set that has the salesperson. So So and that all is supposed to happen, I'm going to fall back to I'm going to get that happening as a web hook. And I'm going to fall back that checks for that as well, every 15 minutes or so. Oh, so you want

Speaker 1  23:59
them you want them to sign from the first minute. I was thinking of assigning them like days later. That's great.

Matthias Miller  24:05
It was good. Like, I think we can do that from the first minute. I think if maybe maybe it's maybe maybe we the very first email comes from me and says, Hey, this is me. You're gonna start getting emails from from one of my team members. Just keep your eye open. And I don't say who it is and then that would let us have a daily process and if leads need to get reassigned, because somebody I don't know needs to forgot to flag that they were out for the day or something. We could do that without horrible, a horrible mess. And then all promotional emails would be drafted as if it were coming from the salesperson now. What's the upside the upside is it reinforces the personal relationship with the salesperson.

Unknown Speaker  24:55
Like

Matthias Miller  24:58
what's the downside? The down Inside is, well, it might be harder to fit language that fits every possible salesperson that they're going to be comfortable putting the salespeople names behind, because like they're not, they're still gonna see these emails. When people reply to them, it might be well, that's really the biggest thing. And I have less creative liberty, but I could still I could still be the one. Okay, what do you think of this? What is the auto responder comes from the salesperson? Because that's fixed. And the promotional emails come from me talking about the salesperson.

Speaker 1  25:37
I think that works fine. In fact, Ryan Deiss, you know who he is right Digital Marketer, all that stuff. He actually teaches companies to create email series in which they are getting emails from different people, including at random, like the CEO who's kind of like comparing like, you know, benevolent Santa Claus out of the clouds or something, to check in on how things are going, right? It's an authority structure to play and I don't know that I have it all memorized or whatever. But I think there is a valid point in using, like, there's a sales guy and then the manager and then the VP and the CEO. I think there can be some benefits to that.

Matthias Miller  26:14
Alright, so auto first, auto responder, email comes from me. Everything after that comes from sales rep. Promo emails come from me and and ask Tom to rewrite or to Refresh. Refresh auto responder emails so that it can come from salespeople and to include the shed hauling story. About right, yeah. Do you want me to get broad sign off from Mike on this approach?

Unknown Speaker  27:07
I love it. Yes, please.

Matthias Miller  27:08
Okay. And then once I get that we can get a price on it. Oh, are you familiar with destiny? The holiday? The holiday? Yes. Okay. So Mike is out tomorrow because the Amish Celebrate. Celebrate that.

Speaker 1  27:29
You know what's funny. So again, I'm not Mennonite or Anabaptist. I was telling my wife a little while back that really traditional Anabaptist Mennonites are actually Lutherans who believe in baptism, non violence and some of the other stuff and as a result, they hang on to some weird from my perspective, weird, very, like almost Catholic kind of stuff, right? Because that's what Lutheran Zaarly events are like one religiously speaking one or religiously, what's the word for that doctrine or whatever. They're like one notch removed, and Catholics and then Anabaptist are kind of one notch removed from Lutherans.

Matthias Miller  28:09
But the Amish more have more affinity for that than the Mennonites,

Speaker 1  28:12
the outcome because the Amish are really like a little bit more. In religious doctrinal terms, they're a little bit further back up the ladder, if that makes any sense.

Matthias Miller  28:24
Right. But it does make me wonder if even at the point of the ladder and I haven't researched this, because, quite frankly, I found it. Well, quite frankly, I found Anabaptist history quite revolting in the way that it was taught but but also not that interesting. I mean, these these differences go back up pretty long way as well.

Unknown Speaker  28:42
Sir days. Yep. Okay,

Matthias Miller  28:45
good. I like it. I'll get his general sign off on it. So that takes care of signing my name on the email auto responder. Let's do the budgeting. overspend because I think it's easy. Are you generally what do you think my idea of doing the three 3k 2k 1k Is that too much? Is that too complicated or

Speaker 1  29:09
not? Do you ever not at all okay, perfectly, perfectly doable. And Google has just recently finally loosened up a bit and said I can spend more on Indiana to I don't know what the deal is they're like this algorithm hated us when we first launched the Indiana campaigns or something so yeah, so part of it I'll be able to equalize things was more going through Google ads, which was the way we intended it to begin with and then whatever overage or extra we can do through Facebook and you know, neutralized suspend the budget so to speak, and over three months is fine.

Matthias Miller  29:39
Okay, good. They've been pleased with being able to make sales during the winter. They're hoping that online sales will continue to allow them to do this and make the slow times less slow. January is typically slow February starts picking up March and April is when they hit full swing. They as of today, they are planning to bring a At least two of their physical locations onto a non commissioned sales roll arrangement so that they're everybody's incentivized the same and basically bring them into the online sales team, which will double our sales capacity. And, I mean, we're still trying to fix the conversion problem, and I don't. Anyway, there's more more that we're working on that I don't know that there's much, much more to say, but more of an FYI. They did wonder as far as Indian marketing, do you have any idea what lead flow is number of leads per week?

Unknown Speaker  30:31
A deal to me, man, I'll pull it up. Again, so referring back to that thing about winter. Oh, and hold on. I wanted to note, just one second for me. Did you say February is usually the low point?

Matthias Miller  30:54
December, January are the low point I've heard one of the face shed Facebook groups mentioned there were some people in there that said that December was crickets for them. Basically, we had, by the way, that's often lead volume, like liked and just spiked in December, like sizable uptick.

Speaker 1  31:13
And I think part of a couple things. I think part of it was the winter promos. And then now it's funny to me, we put in and I'm not saying it's all Facebook ads, some of its organic or whatever. I'd say organic. I don't mean SEO, I mean, like natural cycle through the whole thing. network effect is what I'm really looking for. But we have been running some ads whose graphics were like very fall ish and wintry, like fall leaves and winter snow. It was almost cheesy, because I kind of had my one of my team members is pretty good with like your little silly little graphics. mock ups are not very professional, in my opinion. But like literally putting snow on a photograph. It's blatantly artificial. If you if you look at it closely. It appears to be having like the Hallmark Christmas card effect where people think it's cute. And we're getting lower CPL and such on those particular add on Interesting. Interesting, and maybe no other said company happened to think of that. But yeah, so

Matthias Miller  32:16
Well, the industry is full of copycats. So what industry isn't, but anyway, more than many seems.

Speaker 1  32:24
So then here, I can share my screen. I say I can share my screen where it is.

Matthias Miller  32:30
Gotcha. Now you can share your screen,

Speaker 1  32:32
Screen Share Chrome. Just go back to this really obvious over here. Let's get this up. So literally Christmas week had this huge spike right like conversions dropped off and CPI went way off like literally during Christmas, you can see that. But it was quite good before. And oddly enough, it actually got better after like CPI went down. Conversely, that big ol convergence spike right there and that interesting. Yeah, and so and that's three words. The first verse was right here on this bike, so we'll see what happens but and I occasionally see this in other industries too. And it's kind of like everybody woke up the week after Christmas and they were raised spend money or do stuff or something. Some years is the exact opposite it totally died during the post Christmas weeks.

Matthias Miller  33:23
We had people literally saying we had people almost ready to buy before Christmas and we really we actually tried incentivizing them with a gift card saying hey, you know get get yourself a little something extra for Christmas. If you move ahead and everybody's just heads down Christmas only like oh that's it. Yep. So make sense.

Speaker 1  33:44
So and this graph we're looking at here is everything all districts all categories. Let's look at Indiana for a second. Okay, so interesting on all Now that's interesting this Saturday in Indiana only. Oh, we're looking at one's nevermind, ignore the ones ones are not working. But it did read his lease. Okay. I read his cost now. That's right. So same deal. It went up. And it's coming back down. Pretty much the same. Yeah. In general. Cpl for Indiana for both Facebook and Google is far worse than North Carolina, like people just don't act the same. It is possible that it's Google to and Facebook too. But the fact that we're looking at it on both Facebook and Google is calling to separate test. And in both cases in the antivirus just do not. They're not into it.

Matthias Miller  34:42
It's actually interesting,

Unknown Speaker  34:44
actual geographical behavioral difference or something.

Matthias Miller  34:48
That's weird. Well, okay. But I think North Carolina is is driven by there's a lot of the tiny home market that we're not allowed to market to which by the way, this would be a whole other discussion whether we could do a Justin Brooks live For him, have a separate company that that sells tiny home information and then sell leads over to two point. Just I think was it just in brick style? Maybe? I don't know, I don't know. But

Speaker 1  35:12
start a tiny home company and have them so lead. So truepoint

Matthias Miller  35:16
tiny home information marketing company.

Speaker 1  35:20
Oh, I want to talk about that really bad. By the way that really bad. In fact here, just add this to the agenda. I'll do it. I got it

Speaker 1  35:41
I think that's a great idea. And we can do it vice versa too. So we can not start talking about homes, houses, tiny homes, or any of that on the ads on Facebook or Google or we'll get slapped with real estate restrictions. Absolutely. Understand. Yep. But but but but once they're in the door, on sheds, we can talk about tiny homes in the email marketing as much as we want to.

Matthias Miller  36:07
Well, but are there ways can we? Is there any way to circumvent the

Unknown Speaker  36:19
I don't know.

Matthias Miller  36:23
Could we build a list of email leads? Okay. Let's say that you you started this from ground zero. And you said, Let's build a list of everybody interested in tiny homes. And we're going to market for that. And we have all kinds of advertising restrictions. But it's certainly informational. You run a Glenn Livingston survey, and you figure out what these people actually want and some of the leads you sell to truepoint and some of the leads you go sell to somebody else.

Speaker 1  36:48
Absolutely. And there's a lot of different traffic sources also, just to be clear. Hey, you and I need to do this. Seriously, this tiny home info product thing? Let's do it. And let's you don't want to.

Matthias Miller  36:58
Oh, yes, please. Okay, good.

Speaker 1  37:00
The I'm totally sold and ready to go. The problem with real estate,

Matthias Miller  37:06
by the way, it's a start it's a start market. Oh, hang on. Oh, this starts being goofy. You

Speaker 1  37:10
know what? I knew that already. I never thought about that's interesting. I have a friend who does tiny home stuff. Oh, did you need me to hold on?

Matthias Miller  37:19
Yeah, let me let me um, you know to turn offs.

Speaker 2  37:22
Siri and spotlight. Do not thank you. Finally.

Matthias Miller  37:30
Yeah. tiny homes or supermarket.

Speaker 1  37:34
Yeah, and I have a friend who does something along those lines and it goes amazingly well for him like and he doesn't mind you. He's a good guy. He wanted a great company with a great product which is point number one, but he didn't like hardly even do any marketing and things are going gangbusters.

Matthias Miller  37:49
Oh, yeah. Rising. Stuff raising? Absolutely. And I think anyway, so yeah, I don't know what that looks like. But please let the total

Speaker 1  37:59
we totally need to schedule a dedicated tiny home business call coming up next. We know when you jump in and you tell me right now I've got really pretty good availability across the board. Wednesdays are always rough and always will be because I have a client I help on Wednesdays but other than that, you tell me here tomorrow,

Matthias Miller  38:23
so on tomorrow, let me talk to my wife. I'm supposed to not be working but I'm not sure what kids have actually. Well, no, the kids or other kids are gonna be off school.

Speaker 1  38:36
Reminder and this signal you can get to later. Let's do

Matthias Miller  38:42
Monday, Tuesday's trash Wednesday. Do you believe in AI sales letters?

Unknown Speaker  38:49
Maybe with help from a human?

Matthias Miller  38:53
Yeah. You said Wednesday's trash they put this out to Thursday's trash as well that puts us out to the following. following Friday, 90 minutes how much time do you want

Speaker 1  39:09
go ahead and schedule a bunch like two hours and then if we don't need that much time, great, but let's let's give it a long time early in the day, afternoon literally after noon central times one or two starting at one or two is better but you tell me

Matthias Miller  39:25
put it for one and if we need to bump it back actually probably needs to be about that.

Unknown Speaker  39:48
Film done. Alright. Got it

Speaker 1  39:51
done. Quick sidenote, I have no idea what you're gonna say about AI sales letters, but I have all of John Benson stuff which was you know, and he's mixing AI and literally Eat more and more all the time but he's the original like templated Do you know anything about his stuff at all? Oh, yeah,

Matthias Miller  40:05
I was I thought of stuff was super interesting and actually but in his VSL program back when were you at the Perry's California JV marketer event?

Unknown Speaker  40:17
No, I've never actually been to a party event physically Oh,

Matthias Miller  40:20
okay. Are you gonna go to his his traffic event next year? Where is it?

Speaker 1  40:25
I don't know. I need I need a good excuse level of compelling reason to physically go to someone something like this. I'm so busy with stuff here. Like it's all it's all mostly available online and everybody in my world know that. So you know, Dad, if you're gonna go somewhere don't go to a conference take us on vacation.

Matthias Miller  40:47
To introverted to actually get a kick out of this stuff.

Speaker 1  40:52
I really if he ever comes to Texas again, I really shouldn't go but Kima set. Okay.

Matthias Miller  40:59
I'm actually moved it to 130 Central, I forgot timezone differences. So fine. There's that. Good. It gives us a little bit of time on the back end. i Okay, so as far as number of leads, do you do you have that number off the top of your?

Speaker 1  41:17
Yeah. Wow. Tell me what you want last 30 days, seven days, you know, last 30 days. Let's do weekly over the last 30 days. And let's do so here is the not Indiana from Google. So 34 that week? 33. That week?

Matthias Miller  41:35
82. That week? Wow.

Speaker 1  41:39
And 24 So far this week, but of course this week's not over with yet. Okay, that was North Carolina basically. So then does contain them for Indiana. It was 1417 1421 and 14. That's just Google.

Matthias Miller  42:00
Do you have a grand total of that? Sure. It's about

Unknown Speaker  42:07
that was ad for Indiana

Matthias Miller  42:15
Hunter 96 for basically North Carolina

Speaker 1  42:25
for that for Facebook last 30 days. 76. For things This is Indiana 76 for Indiana, and

Matthias Miller  42:46
is really the only thing I'm caring about. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  42:50
And then for North Carolina since we're here 205. It's 400. Leads, dude,

Matthias Miller  43:01
you know what I realized? That we crank if we move these sales sales guys over? And if if we could actually get them to start quality, which I don't know if we can or not? We could we could with those four people, we could completely replace their manufacturing, we can completely replace their business to retail.

Unknown Speaker  43:22
What does that mean, in the real world? I don't I don't quite understand

Matthias Miller  43:26
real world as an implications for us or what does that mean for them?

Speaker 1  43:29
Oh, I don't even know what it means. In English. When we say replace, they're there.

Matthias Miller  43:33
They're a wholesaler. And the retailer is a bully. And they're at the whims and mercies of these guys. And mysteriously there's their sales volume will fluctuate based on sometimes if they complain about it being low and other things like that. And industriously they'll they'll start getting sales coming their way. But it's and and they're their retailer went and bought out the largest manufacturer in the state of North Carolina. So they're at the at these persons people's mercy. And they have about 15 million worth of manufacturing capacity. And it would be a stretch these would have to be star performers. But we could actually hit 15 million off of four star performer performers and completely max out their production capacity off of our, our leads.

Speaker 1  44:27
I didn't realize this So you're telling me that true point. Part of their actual business is producing sheds as a wholesaler for another company to retail?

Matthias Miller  44:37
Yes. And the thing that bites about it is that Gabe was the guy who mentored the retailer to start a business like and really, I think if you know if this stuff pans out, I don't really make it my life to be a savior. But I really think that I'll end up being a bit of a savior for are gay because? Well, anyway, my personality, I make this comment frequently, which is both good or bad, can be whatever, but my personality is the lowest in lowest income earning personality and in the world, and doesn't mean that that's where it's going to stay. But it means that for their sakes, they actually hopefully have somebody who has some humility, integrity and honesty and ethics, willing to work with them to grow this thing. Yeah, and isn't gonna pull the chair out from under them. So anyway,

Speaker 1  45:34
that is sad. And I you know, even as attorney that I don't think I'm as empathetic as you but I don't like that. And I'd sure like to, even beyond the scope of business, I'd love to help gay recover something there. It's just that we don't want that stuff.

Matthias Miller  45:49
Okay, so in the marketing, that's what I got source on sales, I sent you an Excel spreadsheet in the in the signal. This is what I was able to gather, I haven't dug deep to see, Is there information we're not gathering? It looks like I'm not getting the F. FB clip. For some reason. I can go hunting these down to see if I can, but FB has the campaign information. I don't have the Google information super handy. For a variety of reasons, blah, blah, blah, just things to get to. But if you need me to chase down some of that information.

Speaker 1  46:29
Okay, probably a little hard for me to answer the question when I don't know what the goal or big picture is. But I do have a request, let's please. And it's not a rush. But that column column, I've got this sheet open column E, F, B, C, and all for those. Please do make sure over time that we are storing those all all of them. Eventually, there's no huge rush, everything is great the way it is. But we are actually optimizing traffic for leads, not for sales. And eventually I want to get awesome automated offline conversion imports going where we're getting this data, not just this data, but this data with the sales value, like what gross revenue ticket price was charged for the shed, imported back into Google and Facebook so that we can then make the optimizing for sales and sales revenue rather than for just leads alone.

Matthias Miller  47:30
Okay, so for some reason about 50%, I'm not getting tracking information about 50%, the site new site, the 1010 lines at the top might be completely irrelevant. I don't even know if if those are relevant at all. And I'm not sure why the other ones I haven't dug dig into see why I don't have attribution on half of the sales, I would have to dig in to find find that there's a lot of this information that is stored in a massive and rapidly growing GitHub repo, which should have been s3, but I was lazy, and just needs to be re parsed and re extracted and re imported basically. And so I think there's a lot of the stuff that actually exists and can get imported back retroactively. But that's where it's at now. And I understand the long term goal. And that's and you'd mentioned an interest in seeing this. And that's why that's why you have it here. Note that we just had a sale on the second where we recorded a retargeting. Nice, very nice. So

Speaker 1  48:34
is this looking at? Is this the sales actual sheds that had been sold by the I'm going to call it the new sales team? Is that what this is?

Matthias Miller  48:44
The trip went online is so 170k Over the last November through now

Unknown Speaker  48:51
went online. Did you send me two things or what does that mean?

Matthias Miller  48:55
There's a section in there starting at row 16 with their total row 31.

Speaker 1  49:03
Oh, I get it. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Oh, and that team has been sold substantially more than the other team.

Matthias Miller  49:12
Will the other teams leads the reality leads to the online sales team.

Speaker 1  49:17
Got it. Okay. And you were saying about 10 to 15 minutes into this conversation. You were saying I think that gave or Mike or whoever is interested in like reassigning all their current on the ground salespeople over to the online sales team.

Matthias Miller  49:33
Writer to have their know, well. Okay, Mr. Technical, they have three truepoint locations. Two of them, they want to move all of them over to a non commission model that integrates with the online sales team. So and they think two of them will be very amicable to switching over and they think one of them is a wildcard. Okay, and if the wildcard doesn't come long they will no longer be truepoint branded. Go create your own brand and retailer or sheds, we don't care. Knock yourself out. Okay? So yes, that's the, that's the plan, we're putting together a proposal. And as it stands, Mike is going to be talking to the dealers on next week to get that switch happening. And that will should fingers crossed should immediately double our sales capacity with people who have experienced selling sheds. Now, selling sheds online. That's different than selling sheds in person. But still, I think it's really going to help unify.

Speaker 1  50:32
And those folks will still be at their physical location, though. So like, in other words, if somebody walks in the door, they're still sitting there can still help them.

Matthias Miller  50:38
Absolutely. And we can, we can we have put most of the coding in place that allows us to do overflow lead assignments, where they get exclusive leads within 20 miles, and we give them at least actually today within 50 miles or whatever it is. So I don't know exactly how this is going to be, but we can still favor proximity and for these guys.

Unknown Speaker  51:01
Totally. Yep. I love it. Do you know if your sales team is like, performance wise, many sales, quantity, revenue all that? Are they beating the offline people yet? Or no, no, not

Matthias Miller  51:16
yet? Not the really good folks. And I'm not sure exactly, I think some of it may be lack of industry experience, wouldn't have a really good, good way to train them. With some of that, I don't know. And to be honest, I've been trying to keep my head above water with everything else. And one of the things on the agenda for this month is getting, we switched, call phone platforms, we had automated call recording processes, I want to start getting that implemented again, and start actively reviewing sales calls, and maybe getting one or two other people to review sales calls as well and start doing some sales coaching. And the issue with sales conversion, that's, that's straight up the issue. And once we dial that in, we're gonna I mean, there's any way we let's blow this thing up. That's what I want to do. But anyway, step by step. So I don't know if you so it sounds like you're not really ready to do anything with that. But if you want to research any of that stuff, any of the information and go hunted down, or if you need more information on any of that, from that report, let me know.

Speaker 1  52:21
So let me just let me just let me switch my screen share. So we can all be on the same page. So oops, totally lost my screen. Here we go. Okay, so these things, basically, these these click IDs. And this is true for several other platforms as well, right? So almost any ad network has, this is what I'm trying to say. So basically, you can make a spreadsheet just like this. And you have literally a timestamp, a click ID and a value. Right? Exactly the same as this. In other words, and then there's literally a function where you can upload this as a CSV into Google, or you can put the CSV on a web server and have Google go read it every day, which is what I want. And then this gets imported, you create another conversion action. So you can have and particularly in Google, you can have as many different conversions as you want. Because like this is an opt in the signup is the quote, the actual sale, you can

Matthias Miller  53:17
get you these on on once we made contact with the customer.

Speaker 1  53:23
Absolutely, yes, which is a nice midpoint, so that we can do that as well for sure. But at the end of the day, want to get them in there where the ID is matched to a sales value. So then we can see not not just who was willing to click on an ad, not just who was willing to fill in the lead form, not just who was willing to get a quote, but who was willing to spend money and start optimizing for those people. And you know, that's an interesting deal, because lots of times, not always, but lots of times in a situation like ours, where you're working only with conversion data from an opt in form, and you're trying to drive down cost per lead. You can find out later on that it was actually your quote, expensive keywords, your high cost per lead keywords, the ones that you just turned off, because you thought you were spending too much money. That's where the sales were coming from. Right? Right. So it's obviously this is working the way it is and 90% of businesses do exactly that. Nothing more. But we know that as far as doing better than the competition and doing everything we can do. Getting this spinal sales data back into the network is is the next step on that.

Matthias Miller  54:27
Totally get it totally marketing piece. And it

Speaker 1  54:34
also it's no problem that we haven't done it yet. The volume is really low here. So this will all make more sense when actual sale volume is higher anyway.

Matthias Miller  54:43
Okay. Sounds good. And I'm not sure why half of half of it is missing if that's just Apple tracking and blocking or what it is, but it happens. Yeah, it happens. So I'm gonna have to switch to my phone here soon. More projects for Tom. Oh, purging Active Campaign contacts. We are almost at 2500. Yeah, I don't know what processes we have for list health, for purging contacts. I went ahead and bumped it up to five cages so that we could get our email list imported and updated for. For a promo that we're getting ready to push out? I mean, is that the right thing to do? Just bump up to 5k contacts and keep those or should we be purging contacts at any point?

Speaker 1  55:36
Okay, great question. By the way, who was paying for ads and campaign? Are you paying out of pocket?

Matthias Miller  55:41
No, they're paying for it.

Unknown Speaker  55:44
Okay. All right.

Matthias Miller  55:46
So

Speaker 1  55:50
couple questions. So does truepoint. And currently, we know we're not doing this, but this truepoint have an interest in long term nurturing somebody who did not buy and or didn't even engage?

Matthias Miller  56:03
I mean, I think so we just converted those 50 blog posts into something that could be weekly follow up sequences.

Unknown Speaker  56:11
What happened to that, by the way,

Matthias Miller  56:13
who's it's ready to go? We just need somebody to actually go stick it in, create a campaign for it. And I don't have an admin assistant as of now. Which sucks.

Speaker 1  56:24
But me and my team can do it. I'd like to get paid for it if possible.

Matthias Miller  56:28
Well, let me know. Let me know what your what you and your team need for it and stick a little something on top as well. And we'll go call it good.

Speaker 1  56:38
Okay. Yeah, I'm gonna tell them like, you know. And you said, we convert him into emails, like somebody already has a Google Doc with all that ready to go or what? Oh, yeah.

Matthias Miller  56:47
Yeah, like literally, there's, there's a Google Doc, I had my I forget how I didn't wait. I think was implementation included in the original, I'd have to go hunting it down.

Speaker 1  57:11
It was not that was a mistake we made early on that. We always did copywriting and all that, but nobody ever covered implementation now. Now, you did pay me then because I talked you into its subsequently you did pay me for the initial implementation, I think like 1000 for me to get it all up and running. But it was not in like when we originally addressed the whole topic with them, we kind of fell short on maintenance, optimization, and anything of that department,

Matthias Miller  57:37
even with the even with the blog posts, because the blog post was a separate arrangement to get them edited and

Speaker 1  57:43
done. I don't remember being in the loop on that. And maybe it wasn't my favorite word.

Matthias Miller  57:48
It's possible. There's a lot of stuff that's happened. Okay, well figure out let me know what you need. And

Unknown Speaker  57:54
we can take it from there. Yep, for 50 of them.

Matthias Miller  57:58
It's 50 I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  58:00
Let me submit more or less. What's not 100 It's about that

Matthias Miller  58:03
revised insight blog post View Show outline what's the outline?

Matthias Miller  58:35
We have 47 in the Google X quantity that's great. Yep. Great.

Unknown Speaker  59:03
Alright, um, can you call me on myself?

Unknown Speaker  59:08
Absolutely. Yep,

Matthias Miller  59:09
we're actually hang on. Hang on. I get a lot more than this. I can literally call in

Unknown Speaker  59:22
you have to shut your computer off I created a

Matthias Miller  59:35
Twilio number that doesn't in my conference room and makes me host for the Amish guys who can

Unknown Speaker  59:43
get in? Not sure if it's going to try to change me

Matthias Miller  1:00:09
Okay all right, can you hear me? I can my other you're pulling away. Okay, good. So I think that's all the really we have to talk about this stuff on my my agenda that leaves basically blue sky stuff keeping calm busy should we

Matthias Miller  1:00:54
is there a way to I might be premature and trying to get them hired as a copywriter for this, then we're going out to the Anabaptist market but and the fulfillment isn't built out there maybe that's more like trying to kind of grasping at straws trying to make something work rather than work. The getting him involved in the tiny home project might be an interesting thing. But anyway.

Speaker 1  1:01:25
Okay. Yeah, let's, let's say the biggest mistake for last was so attacking the Tom bit as far as hiring for code house. So I think probably I should just connect you with him and make sure you guys are on the same page. He is getting it's kind of funny. So he's getting a slight kick out of doing this writing content for truepoint. From with with with games voice, right. And Tom's way of looking at it is I barely remember this from when I was a tiny kid, but there's a TV show called Dukes of Hazzard. Have you ever heard of it before? I remember, just bear like their bass as best I can remember, they're a bunch of old country rednecks, I think I mean, it's been literally 35 years since I've seen this. But he is writing these emails for truepoint with like that, the old guy from that show his voice in mines. And it's working pretty well, I think. And because literally the stuff he wrote that we've gotten the autoresponders how he wrote it, the only thing I've had to do is go back and take out some swear words and some stuff that was a little too little too edgy. But other than that, I think he's nailing it pretty good. And he says he likes it. And as far as scope of work and all. I think you guys should just talk it out together. Now, moving slightly over to this other lady conversation about list building. So I think you said you're talking with Tim Francis and some other folks about how there's not a good list for selling software to the Anabaptist market, I believe is what you're saying. So, funny enough, I took Justin Brooks list building workshop and decided I wanted to do it and needed help with copywriting. So Tom and I are trying to do a few different funnels following exactly Justin's structure. So my point is, is like I think you're sitting there thinking about doing a similar and Tom and I are already working on exactly that. Meaning the framework the way Justin said to do it, and all so it's a really good fit in terms of Tom already knows what we're talking about. We're already trying to do this. I think the way I've been looking is that with Tom, Tom wanted to build some affiliate funnels, basically, which is probably not a bad idea, rarely for Tom. But the problem that he kept running into is he didn't have a list and he couldn't afford to buy traffic and he couldn't talk any of his friends into running traffic for him. So I just told them, Look, I want to do Justin Brooks list building funnel anyway. And an amazing side effect of Justin's whole thing is you then have an email list. In theory, you could build one on any topic you want to whether it's software to Anabaptist, or dieting, or tiny homes or anything, and then you have your list. And now you become the traffic controller, right? You know how Perry is always saying, like, don't build on other people's property. Well, if you have your list, now there is work to be done in terms of nurturing the list and keeping those people trusting you and happy. But once you've got the lists, you can pivot them, segment them, survey them, send them off to another list, sell sell your list to somebody else, right like sky's the limit once you've got a list.

Matthias Miller  1:04:40
So, two questions. Are you interested in building an email list, helping to buy traffic and figure out a way to build an email list with the Anabaptist market?

Unknown Speaker  1:04:50
Totally, yep.

Matthias Miller  1:04:52
Okay, so number two If you're interested in doing something to market,

Speaker 1  1:05:02
yes, for sure. Probably like my, my only tiny hesitation on the Anabaptist niche, I'm going to call it market niche is like, obviously, they're kind of non digital to begin with. So I don't know how well it's gonna work. But I think there's ways around that.

Matthias Miller  1:05:23
Yeah. Well, they're becoming increasingly less. I just want to find that to be an interesting problem to be solved. Because if we have a way that gets them to invite their friends to, we can write the ads in the plain communities. Oh, calm. That goes right arm or could write articles. They even go set articles for the plane communities Business Exchange, and get people to opt into a list there for something that is masked man.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:04
Absolutely, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:06:06
There's an end because apparently, apparently it has to be Anabaptist and affiliated to actually even advertising in the first place. What are you doing with that?

Speaker 1  1:06:25
That's fine. We run it through running basically, we're an altar you somehow.

Matthias Miller  1:06:31
But building building that list to be hugely valuable? And I don't know of anybody who's really doing it or doing it well.

Speaker 1  1:06:42
Yeah, and of course, the good news is when we in that case, when we say that list, we certainly can collect offline contacts as well, right physical mailing addresses and all that other stuff.

Matthias Miller  1:06:51
Yep.

Speaker 1  1:06:53
Yep. Yep. Very interesting idea. In terms of what do we just pay Tom for articles are? Well, how would you look at that?

Matthias Miller  1:07:12
Um, well,

Speaker 1  1:07:17
let me tell you what I think in ideal world for Tom would be. So Tom needs about 3000 I think he said 3000 a month, let's just assume it's a little more than that, to just just to pay bills and stay alive. And when his income dips below that, that's when he clearly gets very distracted and trying to find work and trying to make ends meet and all that. So if we can find any out of any combination collection of things that we're doing, meaning you and me both, if we can find a way to stabilize that income for him, without totally overloading him either, I think then he's a little bit more free for either a small additional side projects that are maybe not in a rush, or jayvees. Now to be clear, I've already got some jayvees and progress for him, he just, well, he got sick, that was the last thing. But also just trying to find work kind of distracted him from that, I would like to now now my deal, I'm not saying you have to do anything like this, but my deal with him is we're gonna I'm gonna pay for the ads, run the funnels, run the tech, he's gonna write the copy and any income we get from it, we're gonna split 5050 We could then bring Tom in on the Anabaptist thing or the tiny home thing on a similar structure. Or we could somehow pay him outright for like articles, or whatever we need for these things, and then keep the actual revenue for ourselves either way, but like you just tell me what kind of a thing you would need. And again, I think the first problem we need to solve is just like keep him generally paid and employed. So he doesn't have to worry about where the next meal is coming from or something.

Matthias Miller  1:08:56
I mean, the basic structure I would actually look over is, is Kham Kham, some kind of base amount given upside, given indefinite upside with a, or I don't know what the timeframe is. I like from my standpoint, I like limiting his upside. Yeah, either in terms of duration or amount. I mean, if, if we're, if he's to find a way to monetize this, and we're making 30k If we're if we're netting 30 km month off and what we're able to put together, well, then I mean, for him to stay in the loop and stay engaged at 3k a month like that's just straight up putting putting him on a retainer. So he's available to go knock out projects, that's great. Or if he, if he can write a sales letter that we can keep reusing that doesn't fatigue that or that has a wide enough market that we can keep doing that for. You know, you can get a lot longevity out of it by all means. The metapost getting a fair share of the pie, but I also don't want us to be burdened down long term by paying in royalties on something that I don't know. It's gone past it's,

Speaker 1  1:10:18
I agree completely. Yeah. If you want more time to think that through as well, that's perfectly fine. In fact, you probably should. But yes, I completely agree with not giving away too big of a slice of the pie or getting locked into something or anything like that, for sure.

Matthias Miller  1:10:34
So the building block in my mind, the tripoint does not need more leads right now, although you can make a really good argument that these are super high quality leads, and truepoint really rocks at the type of stuff because they look so nice.

Matthias Miller  1:10:57
It's just not clear to me what we'll offer and I think there's a path to monetizing that. That makes reasonably good sense. I mean, you can just straight up say, the leads if you need to. The part that the Anabaptist one, I don't know how to subsidize this, or to make it flow net positive.

Speaker 1  1:11:18
Well, so the first step liquid, you just tell me if this is what you're thinking, but step one, we would tackle the software part of this first, right, so like trying to get Anabaptist leads for the software company. In the process of doing that we would not only figure out something about Anabaptist funnels in general, but we will have, we will have built an initial list of Anabaptist business owners, so we can then turn around and sell them anything else that an Anabaptist business owner might want to buy at any like that, or does that sound off somehow?

Matthias Miller  1:11:55
No, I mean, I think that's fair. I just it seems to me like you're battling uphill to go sell 100k projects over Facebook ads, when are you thinking their software is the let us help us help you go find, you know, research retail software offered like

Unknown Speaker  1:12:20
instant Alicia,

Matthias Miller  1:12:21
are you saying costs cast a broad net for businesses, you got somebody on the front end. And then you can collect these addresses. And then you do email sequences to them? figuring out whether they really want to go and filter down to the software? Or

Speaker 1  1:12:39
maybe it's a good question. I don't know, I don't know which way is better so on in terms of selling them. So and you're calling the software projects, 100,000 other projects? Am I right about that? are

Matthias Miller  1:12:52
custom software, the retail research project that I haven't split up? I mean, here's what to be nice. It'd be nice to put something in place that we can monetize immediately. That does not require effort on our end for fulfillment.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:06
Absolutely, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:13:08
So it could be a book, it could be a conference event, it could be a burned out best, but it could be we could put find a list of influencers and drive them to a webinar where we get a commission with the Anabaptist influencer, which might be a good way to catch people by I mean, this could just basically be look, we go to a number of other coaches, some of the some of the coaching companies and say we want to buy you buy you leads. We want to promote promote a webinar with you, where you can talk about whatever you want to. And you can give people you know, anybody who shows up will give you their email address and content. And all we want is we want to be able to get the email addresses afterwards. I mean, that's too generous, but but come up with some kind of JV offer like that, where we can drive people to a webinar or a an email opt in or a free book. Why would we do this come up with lead magnets for some of the top business influencers within the Anabaptist space. We're specifically Anabaptist and then what's the offer and the back end of that? I don't know.

Matthias Miller  1:14:43
I mean, in theory, it sounds great to go build a list and monetize it, but it would be nice to have a short short path to that.

Speaker 1  1:14:52
Yeah, I agree so well, Let's think about this and then have a separate call about it. But I think, um, I think that see, Justin's model revolves around. And I think there's a lot of different ways to manipulate this, but revolves around the assumption that if people are looking for the top books on a particular niche, then that means they're interested both in info. And in that particular niche. So someone's searching for the top books on real estate investing, you know that they're in real estate, they're investing, which also, incidentally, probably means they have some money to invest, and they're willing to consume information products. And so just focusing on will get those people into a list, you can then so since they're interested in information, you can then feed them a lot of information through email. And then you can literally, I think, the idea, because Justin didn't spend a lot of time talking about what all you can do with a lead once you have them. I think it's supposed to be a little bit kind of obvious on its own. But then you find anything in that space, whether it's a webinar with an influencer, or an affiliate product on Clickbank or just product of your own, or do you go find companies you need leads, whatever it is, you just literally start finding all the different things you can to sell to the list, to monetize it, and nurture it indefinitely. And I'm not saying like, let's ignore the problem of what do we sell? I certainly think we should, should solve that. But I also don't think we need to get totally tied up in what the offer needs to be. Maybe other than the initial one. But let's just take a break on that. But I think we could have a separate call and just brainstorm like, what subsection of the Anabaptist are we after? And what sorts of things do we want to sell? And how would we find that, but I would just think the cross section, or even multiplicity of info products, and leads, I think, I think those two things alone should be enough. But we'll we can figure it out. Maybe not. And

Matthias Miller  1:17:13
good. University, no, good.

Speaker 1  1:17:16
Okay. The other thing then is that we also need to decide if we actually literally lost my train of thought. That's funny, you guys.

Matthias Miller  1:17:29
I mean, what is the thing that captures every business? What is the easiest thing to sell to business owner, sales and marketing training? So let's start with that. And let's sell sales and marketing training from an Anabaptist perspective that celebrates you, like, how do you write? How do you write copy that works? And is honest. Like, I don't know what it is, like all that stuff. And I think that's the most logical place to start. Then the next question is who, who generates that content? And, and how, but that's the best guess we can figure out something in the backend.

Speaker 1  1:18:18
Yeah. I think it's also not I totally get it, you don't want to get bogged down. So filament, and that is meaningful, You're not kidding. But I think that early on, quite a lot of people, Frank Kern, Perry, Ryan, the veck, others are pretty big on selling. Ryan calls it a self liquidating offer. So it's basically a tripwire they're interested in info use, you give them some info for free. And then you basically say, Oh, if you want more of the same, or how to do better, faster, XYZ, with the same, we have a $10 book to sell you or whatever. And of course, each book could be a PDF deliverable. And it would be pretty easy to brainstorm a lot of different ideas, turn every one of them into a 10 page tripwire lead magnet, and then just you literally just cycle through the offers, and you see which one people like the most whatever they're willing to spend $7 on, then they're far more likely to, you know, if they're willing to buy it, and it's not a dud, we know that that's the avenue to pursue further.

Matthias Miller  1:19:28
Right. That makes sense. But I think there has to be an openness to anyway. Like where it's going, we can we can chat more about this or tiny homes on Friday.

Speaker 1  1:19:40
Let's do it. Yep. Sounds good. So and then I remembered my question as far as the antibiotics specifically, are we assuming that the front end of that is all through the newspaper or are we thinking

Matthias Miller  1:19:58
the front end of that is what

Speaker 1  1:20:00
Is it? Is it all going to be advertising to that newspaper? Are we thinking that some of these folks are on Facebook?

Matthias Miller  1:20:06
I know these folks are on Facebook. In fact, the best leads might be people from Facebook. Okay, I don't know. But But then, if you haven't, here's what I would do, I would test these offers on Facebook. If we can, it might be hard to target. I don't know if we can target if we can target test these offers on Facebook, and then run those same offers in the PCE, and the busy Beaver, and, and get email opt ins that way?

Unknown Speaker  1:20:37
Yeah. Okay.

Matthias Miller  1:20:39
I don't know that the PCB is what I don't like about it. Is it slow to get response? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And by the time you need to write your next ad, you've barely gotten results of the first one.

Speaker 1  1:20:54
Okay, one last thing before we go. So Tom, is, I guess the worst thing that could happen to us is that Tom does go get another job somewhere else and we lose access to him? Is there any part of this pie or puzzle that we could offer Tom sooner than later, like, you'll you'll get approval from Mike. And I'll see if we do him. If we can roll this one off that email adjustment job with him short term that would help we can move on that really fast. And then if there's anything else we can get him into quickly?

Unknown Speaker  1:21:26
You know, regardless of whatever happens later on, it would be good. If we can just move on some pretty soon.

Matthias Miller  1:21:38
Yeah, I don't know. I mean, that's, that's the shortest path that I know of, for him. And then on the right, I feel like I slow down the process like crazy. While I've learned to slow down the process like crazy and stuff like the tiny home and Anabaptist stuff. And maybe I slow it down too much. But if you want to get ads running, and you can get something up and running within. I mean, do we care about brand name? Do we care about domain name? who actually owns that stuff? Or do you only list? What's my role and involvement in it? Or do we just go run some tests, and then rebrand later, and figure out, you know, those cookies into an Active Campaign and don't move them out somewhere else later? Or the separate Active Campaign brings up all the details and I just don't see unless you literally take it and run with it. And go do it. I don't see it being something that we can roll out next week and have certain

Speaker 1  1:22:46
No, I agree. Yeah. So and So we'll save all that for more more detailed discussion next Friday. That's fine. So cool. All right. Well, good. Thank you, sir. Yep.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai