Matthias Miller  02:18
Hello, sir. Hey, how's the German man Guess what? cages are live

Unknown Speaker  02:27
changes online

Matthias Miller  02:28
our reviews cue our Google reviews we've done all the portal.

Speaker 1  02:37
Josh did the update. Yep, that's right because he's in Kansas flying racing drones you really yeah you didn't

Matthias Miller  02:48
I mean I my parents got an invitation to his sister's wedding so it was like he's probably in Kansas this week but I didn't know he was doing that

Speaker 1  02:59
Yeah, well, he was telling me about his racing drones and I was drooling a little bit so Alright, so here's what I want to do with this contact report I want to filter my context based on if they're up if the opportunity tied to that contact is closed I want or abandoned don't show it in the contact list. But I want to do a I want to do a some kind of drop down something like this and you can refill to this thing so you can show only your ones or only your this is or only your that

Matthias Miller  03:38
ones this is or that okay? So that would be the ones

Speaker 1  03:48
that all right it's my dance Okay, so but you should put it in digest and that way people look at it and go what in the world are we talking about

Matthias Miller  04:09
multi select so by default it's a

Matthias Miller  04:28
sorry, last banded that we have an up

Matthias Miller  04:38
Yeah, yeah, see, I knew you could do it. Okay, so there's the Ask prompt. Let's go. Let's go run this and see what it looks like for sure. uncleaned? Not yet qualified by quoting it does not have one last abandon.

Unknown Speaker  05:01
What are you doing? What's the what's the funny window?

Unknown Speaker  05:07
Which funny window? So

Speaker 1  05:10
blank for all. So you just multi select the ones that you want to run.

Matthias Miller  05:17
Yeah, can you can make it. Let's do this. This makes it look nicer. Check this out. So this is what it defaults to.

Speaker 1  05:24
Yeah. Perfect. No, yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  05:29
Okay, so then here then now we're going here, we're gonna create a macro

Matthias Miller  05:40
so we're going to do in opportunity by customer and the X concat. So we have an index of opportunity contact with an opening closed. So we'll do a contact name, or, and I think we need to do this because

Speaker 1  06:05
I see this often. What's the 444444?

Matthias Miller  06:09
It's the width of the it's the width of the binary string.

Speaker 1  06:16
Oh, yeah, nevermind, I did figure that out a while ago, now that you say

Matthias Miller  06:19
it's, it's like, why do you need to specify anyway, the indexes are a little clunky, there's platform changes written up, I actually came up with a really Brainiac idea to make it better. And someday it will happen, but they're gonna rewrite the whole language. Like the language parser that runs the expressions and stuff in the next year or two. And we'll get a bunch of language enhancements at that point. But anyway, sure. Alright, so what this does, Okay, oops, and then we need to give it a delimiter. So this gives you a pipe list of all the opportunities, the status of all opportunities assigned to this contact. So and then here we do.

Unknown Speaker  07:19
Yeah, you can clean up this mess

Matthias Miller  07:33
we get that. And we do is in a V ask statuses or not it's in a pipe list intersection. Do you remember intersections from set theory in school? From what? Okay. intersections and unions for math in school? Unfortunately, now, okay. It's really simple concept. I mean, there's these things in sets, which they mean, math basically means ABCD, you know, 1234789, an arbitrary set of numbers. intersection is given two groups, where do they overlap? And the union is given two groups, put them all together. A difference is take everything in this one, and then take out any of these that are in there.

Speaker 1  08:43
Okay, I'm just, I'm just gonna sit over here and feel, you know, not as smart as

Matthias Miller  08:47
you. Okay, well, it's actually quite clear. Let me let me show you and then it'll make sense. So a pipe list difference. Sorry, pipe list, intersection.

Matthias Miller  09:10
See is the only one that's in both elements. A and here it's AC. Okay, then you have a good pipeless unit, there is no pipeless union that's just sticking together. pipeless difference is

Matthias Miller  09:30
basically the opposite. Just take any of these out of this list.

Speaker 1  09:35
So how are you using it in the Express in that subset, though?

Matthias Miller  09:39
So where do these lists? Are there any items that overlap in these lists? You're asked prompts, in all opportunity statuses. Is there any overlap? If so, put them in the report. Got it. That makes sense. Actually. This is this is slightly incorrect because we should actually say if it is in a then

Matthias Miller  10:14
we don't need these now

Matthias Miller  10:22
actually let's make this whole thing like super dumb supple accents Yeah. It's just six, a one and a half dozen. The other as my father would say. But there you go.

Speaker 1  11:14
Perfect. Perfect, perfect, perfect, perfect, perfect. All right now, I was in the middle of now that you did that. Thank you very much. The other thing I was going to I wanted to discuss, you know how Josh created that calendar thing? That janky calendar thing based on a report? Is there is there nothing that we can do? Like, what here's, here's my struggle looking at logistics stuff. When you look at a whenever you're in dealing with date fields, it is so hard to look at a report and visualize that without a calendar. Yep. Is there? Like, is there any way to push off to say Google Calendar API or some other API or like so that you can say, you know, X Haller or like here like somehow to be able to visualize on a calendar, your schedules

Matthias Miller  12:17
read only view or an editable view?

Speaker 1  12:22
Well, I'm still envisioning that would be driven from the skip or the scheduling windows, but like the the actual information I mean, obviously, we probably have to create some kind of service report but I don't know some way to visualize this stuff on a calendar. I mean, even if you had I mean even if it was like you know, it only updated so many times a day or you had to manually update our Idle No, I'm I'm scratching that at ideas here

Matthias Miller  12:54
Ah, are you ready? Ready sitting down okay. I'm sitting glad here

Matthias Miller  13:08
now I don't know what happens when the date changes but you can create a CSV as the subject start date, start time and date end time. I don't know how you update it when it changes though. That's the issue

Matthias Miller  13:30
the other option

Matthias Miller  13:39
would be Twitter. UID Oh, dude. You will. You will try it. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  14:30
try what?

Matthias Miller  14:34
Um How would we do this? Okay, here's how we would do this. Sometimes I wonder if I'm getting myself. Every time I do this. Actually. I'm like, am I getting myself into trouble here? Do an activity report will do Well we're building report modified as of which one should we push across? Which why why would we just do what subsidy subsidy use for buildings in your scheduling report?

Unknown Speaker  15:27
It's a should have this open why don't I have this open here we go

Matthias Miller  15:42
building scheduling subset 20

Unknown Speaker  15:48
Which one are you in? Go to to our delivery schedule yeah but good too. Yeah, there you go use that let's look at that one.

Matthias Miller  16:02
I mean it's this it's this guy. Yeah. Okay, so let's do

Matthias Miller  16:11
is built they still build as what we call edge number.

Speaker 2  16:20
Here we're just gonna grab this guy okay, so then we're gonna do building Eddie. Oh building

Unknown Speaker  16:34
building now my ID

Unknown Speaker  16:37
there you go. Okay, so then

Unknown Speaker  16:41
that's gonna be your UID

Matthias Miller  16:44
yeah close got it

Matthias Miller  17:35
so we need a This one doesn't go here we'll get to that this one doesn't go here

Unknown Speaker  17:46
your example UID there too probably

Matthias Miller  17:49
yeah I want to actually understand what these things are sure

Matthias Miller  18:08
even though that well this article frequently uses it's considered bad practice well we're going to do bad practice because we don't have a way to generate new ideas

Matthias Miller  18:32
okay well let's do it no way you oh this is also needs to go up here okay. So then you have the V event UID is building dash building it now. Building that might be I guess we could extend to but datestamp show me the. Time


Transcribed by https://otter.ai