Unknown Speaker  01:25
Hello,

Unknown Speaker  02:37
Matthias is Ashley How's it going?

Unknown Speaker  02:40
Good. How are you doing? Really good Long

Unknown Speaker  02:43
time no talk too long.

Unknown Speaker  02:45
I know.

Speaker 1  02:48
I know, I'm sorry. I've just been a little up in the air and I completely apologize. Things have just been a little rocky for me the last month or so. I just said, getting on my feet is a little harder than I thought it would be. Real quick before Blair is here. So Lund wants to do Thursday at 815. Does that work for you?

Unknown Speaker  03:11
Let me see. Let me just

Unknown Speaker  03:15
let me text my wife and say,

Speaker 1  03:19
Okay, I'm sorry. It's I know, it's short notice you think now that I know it's only that time I will offer anything else because I

Unknown Speaker  03:31
basically breath

Speaker 2  03:34
you know, about two hours or two and a half hours. I get home from work to be with the kids. And so

Unknown Speaker  03:40
I got no,

Unknown Speaker  03:42
Matthias I'm not wait too late. Yeah,

Speaker 1  03:48
the schedules are crazy. I just, you know, I'm working a snow and my schedule is upside down. So I've got to just try and make it something that so I can get to I can get my tech stuff back up. And it's taking me a little longer than I thought it was. You know how that goes. Yeah. So I'm sorry. I've been a little sporadic.

Unknown Speaker  04:11
Yeah, no worries. Yeah. Thursday, Thursday works.

Speaker 1  04:14
Okay, perfect. Um, it? Would you do need an email to send out an invite.

Unknown Speaker  04:19
Yeah.

Speaker 1  04:21
Okay, let me let me go to Yo, no things. I'm so excited to do this. And thank you, I really appreciate it. There's some folks from saliva that are going to be at the meeting on the 20th or whatever. And they are going to see what's the deal? Like what everything that we, you know, is being accomplished. And then then they'll get ready for the podcast, but they want to see the group first. Sure. Yeah, so Allison Brown is agreed to do the podcast but once it comes to meeting first and on the same thing with the the drone club here.

Unknown Speaker  05:08
Nice

Unknown Speaker  05:11
to meet you.

Unknown Speaker  05:13
You as well.

Speaker 1  05:15
I've heard wonderful things about you. And your tiny house is incredible. It's so beautiful.

Speaker 3  05:22
Thank you and wonder who you're talking to to get all this good information.

Speaker 1  05:27
Mr. Roland, and he just thinks you're amazing. And this told me some wonderful things about you.

Unknown Speaker  05:33
Oh, that's awesome. Thank you. Likewise, he's pretty cool guy.

Unknown Speaker  05:39
Super cool. And I did Matthias do you know each other?

Speaker 2  05:44
We met that one evening when Brad and I were in Woodland Park. Yeah. Cool. That was sweet. That was that was me. So but I don't think we've met because then I've also heard heard, heard the Rolen story is about it.

Unknown Speaker  06:02
I think we got to make some more. Yeah, exactly.

Unknown Speaker  06:07
Good. First.

Speaker 1  06:10
Good first. So hey, are you going to come to the meeting on the 20th? Where are you busy?

Unknown Speaker  06:16
Got it on my calendar. I'm going to do my best to make it for sure.

Speaker 1  06:20
Well, I sure hope you do. because it'd be great to meet you in person. And I'm I'm the one that doesn't fit. I'm over here in Florida. And I just get to hear these amazing things going on. But I look forward to meeting you. If we can be there. That'd be wonderful.

Speaker 3  06:33
Yeah, for sure. Yep. And I'm over here and with the park. So we're kind of detached a little bit.

Unknown Speaker  06:38
Yeah, we're about to miss that time. Nobody likes the

Unknown Speaker  06:43
end of the earth.

Unknown Speaker  06:48
Go ahead.

Speaker 1  06:49
Matthias is going to give us some t shirts. So we feel included right, Matthias

Unknown Speaker  06:53
Oh, that's, I forgot about that.

Speaker 2  06:58
I know. Like, like literally, like two weeks ago, I was scrolling through Facebook for something. I was like, I never did that. I'm gonna go make a note right now and and I'm going to do something about that.

Unknown Speaker  07:11
I hope you do I even have to buy it. Blair Have you heard about the T shirt?

Speaker 3  07:16
I haven't heard about the T shirt. This one is it I mean, I see the the Fed TechStars posts all the time on Facebook.

Speaker 1  07:23
Matthias has a wonderful company and he consults with teams, right? I think Matthias and specifically a non profit space, but I'll let you talk about that. Besides that the T shirt says people are my purpose. And I bought one so bad.

Unknown Speaker  07:39
I have seen those. Yep, I've seen Brad wearing those on the post.

Speaker 1  07:44
Yeah, so clever. We need to meet and get your it's free marketing Matthias Come on.

Unknown Speaker  07:51
Right here.

Speaker 2  07:53
We cannot get to we really need some some upper arc shirts too. And

Speaker 1  08:01
idea to make something that's on our list of things it is and we're going to get that done. I if we could get that done before the meeting, you know how excited I'd be. I want to see if I can get get some money together and just get like 5 million made for us. Will you be at the meeting?

Unknown Speaker  08:20
If I can get a shirt too, but I

Unknown Speaker  08:25
might be bringing friends too. Right?

Unknown Speaker  08:28
Right, we might have

Unknown Speaker  08:30
a meeting. Yeah, it's just gonna be a clothing.

Unknown Speaker  08:37
T shirts is going to be amazing.

Unknown Speaker  08:41
That is beer drinking at the handlebar.

Speaker 1  08:44
That's all you need. Right? I mean, what more could you ask for our lives will be complete, I think. I'm just teasing. So So anyway, um, I am new to all of this. Blair, and I know, I know, you still go with me. I know. You've probably met Matthias, I don't know how much you know about what our goal is with podcast. So do you want me to kind of give you a 10 second rundown before we do? I do. Would that be helpful? Yeah. So Matthias, you can jump in anytime you want. But I'll just kind of kick it off. You know, really Blair, what this is about is the theme of the program is journey to be right, like our journey to become what we're doing. And what we've kind of want to romanticize and talk about is your, your journey and in your business, and you know, what you're passionate about why you chose to bring that to a rural environment, right, and why you chose to kind of start living your life differently. So this kind of, we kind of asked a lot of questions around that, and then relate it to technology. But really, it's kind of about your why and how you came to be here today, and where you're going to be or maybe where you want to be or you know, whatever. Just a little bit about that. And then you know, we also want to kind of, of course, you know, link that back to why you've chosen a world community and what that's done for you as far as your career fulfillment, but also what it's done for your life of filaments. And we like to tell that story, but it's really about you and your journey and how you came to be and you know, what's next, and why you're doing this and what what you've learned since you've been doing it and what's kind of been been the moment for you and your family to kind of feel that through and, and what we'll ask some leading questions around that. And and that's kind of what we're trying to accomplish. Because we want a lot of we have a couple different audiences that listens to the podcast will probably no one right now, except all of us. idea here is that we're talking to people that maybe are interested in, in this lifestyle, that might be thinking of leaving where they're at. And to show them it is possible to live in the world community and live inside the house, not live in a tiny house, maybe live in a tent, maybe not maybe live in a mansion doesn't matter, but somewhere up here in the upper arm, and what what that does for their ability to think and then also our other audiences, also businesses that are looking to expand remote working overall and understanding that there is an appetite in this area for remote workers to to actually do an outstanding job at their position. But they can do it from here. And actually, what happens is the employees are a little more engaged because they're a little more balanced out. So there's a couple different people we thought, you know, reach, but then also there's just people that are interested in entrepreneurship, a different way of living, and a little bit, it's kind of like a startup culture we have going here. So it's kind of, you know, people that have looked their lives, examine them and decided maybe there's a different way. And so that's kind of all five audiences are trying to talk to one. So we try to do it through a storytelling approach. And in the narrative of, you know, you as a hero of your own story, what you've done in your life to kind of make the strides you've had, what's your why and what you think you're going to be getting onto that, you know, five years from now what you've gotten out of it so far today. Does that make sense?

Speaker 3  12:28
Oh, yeah. I mean, we could talk for hours about that. So yeah, let's let's do it. Not talk for hours, but

Unknown Speaker  12:38
Well, we're happy to because the people are our purpose here. Don't you know?

Unknown Speaker  12:44
Did I? Did I leave anything out?

Speaker 2  12:48
No, I think I think the fun thing about this one is that for the other guests, we've had more of a knowledge. And so I'm actually excited about about we kind of get to pursue our natural Yaki on this interview. So I'm pretty excited about that.

Speaker 1  13:04
Yeah, it's gonna be fun glare, we're pretty pleased about it. And laughing is totally okay. This is not you know, it's a laid back thing, because we want people to have fun when they listen, you know, and we want to make sure that it's genuine and sincere. And it really is, Matthias and I are pretty organic together. So we're really good at bringing out the best of everybody. We talked to him to the new I'm sure. So, you know, we just thought we have a little bit of fun with it. So if we ask something off the wall, you know, just tell us will you edited out if anything's bad? pick the right guy. To do and, and like I said, when we're done, we have it edited. So sometimes I will be a missed thought. And I usually say okay, in I forgot what I was talking about. So please edit this out. And we have moments like that. So if you forget something or you want to really say something, or, you know, kind of work through it, we just got kind of make a note of the time marker and let you know and or or I don't know, maybe Matthias is editing at this point. I'm not really sure. But that's kind of how we do it. So we keep it a little loose. And if we mess up, it's totally fine. We can edit it. So

Speaker 2  14:14
awesome. And then just to confirm your your last name is pronounced. It's like it looks Park Hill. Yep. Yep.

Speaker 1  14:23
Oh, and one more question before we get totally started, guys. I'm Blair. I saw your pictures. And I got Brad snow and Matthias. I don't know if I read it wrong. I thought I saw that. Are we supposed to be? Are we supposed to be giving us pictures to give to end to play in the video of the podcast? You know, on the YouTube? Are we good? Are we going to debut those pictures when we get the link?

Speaker 2  14:47
Now i think i think it's it's for social media. I think I think if I recall correctly, Ian's just been using a kind of a standard image for you can check to see what he's been using. But I think it's jitter image for the YouTube videos.

Speaker 1  15:01
Yeah, he just uses like five light bulbs. Okay, so so Blair, when once we get it edited and everything and ready to go, because we do a little voiceover in the commercial in the beginning. I will include those thoughtful pictures you put together for us with your captions, if it's okay with you will post the actual interview will tag you on our archive page. And also that where it gets distributed, just so you're aware of the interview itself will be on YouTube. And then we put a link on our arc technology Facebook page, and we also put a link on the FE Vc tech start page. And then for the lovely slider group JPKV. We put it on the CC EDC Kickstarter page. So that's kind of where it goes. And then usually a couple businesses will repost it and stuff just so you're aware of what happened to see any of it.

Speaker 3  15:56
Oh, no, no, no, I won't have any issues. And I already have one people asking for asking for links to the podcasts

Unknown Speaker  16:06
to have some fun with it.

Speaker 1  16:08
Well, thanks for being so flexible with the scheduling. I'm the one that was really difficult. I apologize. I, I can't seem to get my, my I've looked at a couple different positions going on at the moment. And none of them are on a consistent schedule. So I'm really sorry to both of you for being a little flaky the last two weeks, but I think I got my schedules figured out now we're all together now. So that's what matters.

Speaker 3  16:30
Okay. Cool. No worries, that's flaky, then we got to maintain that.

Unknown Speaker  16:38
You guys are great.

Speaker 1  16:40
Alright, well, Matthias, I'll give it to you, if you want to kind of kick it off. And all that you are you are you cool starting it? Or what? Do you want to give a background on this one? Or how do we want to do this?

Speaker 2  16:53
What I'm thinking is, let's let's I think kind of what I'm thinking is, is Blair, where you're at right now is it's kind of novel. So just, I'm just going to open it up with an intro welcome you to the show. And I think maybe just open up about where you're living. And then from there, we'll dig into some of your story about what what brought you here. That's kind of what I'm thinking. Sure. Yeah.

Speaker 3  17:17
Do you like what do you want me to introduce myself and kind of, you know,

Unknown Speaker  17:24
kind of my background a little bit or anything like that?

Unknown Speaker  17:28
Yeah, yeah, I thought it'd be

Speaker 2  17:32
kind of kind of weird where you're at right now would be a fun leading just as a teaser, and then your background and, and that and then we'll proceed some more questions about you know, what made you decide to do this and you know, what was your What was your journey like on that? So right on perfect. I'm totally prepared for that. All right, awesome. Let me just make a note of our start time for again, and we are going Welcome to the show. I'm here with my cut my welcome to the show. I'm here with my co host ash Arnold. And today we've got Blair Parkdale on the show with us. So welcome to the show. Blair glad to have you.

Unknown Speaker  18:13
Thanks. Nice. So

Speaker 2  18:16
I want to just open up for our listeners. Blair we're I'm pretty excited about having you on this show. And

Unknown Speaker  18:25
I'm actually getting a lot of background noise here.

Unknown Speaker  18:29
Somewhere

Unknown Speaker  18:31
Is it me doing it to retire sometime? You?

Unknown Speaker  18:34
I think it might. It might be

Unknown Speaker  18:40
okay, I'm gonna go on mute. Tell me this. me here. Try again. Okay.

Speaker 2  18:45
Alright, so I'm trying it again. And it sounds like it is you It sounds like it's cleaned up. Do you are you on on speaker or or anything like that?

Unknown Speaker  18:57
I'm wearing a headset, so I'll get off of it. Yes. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  19:03
We can we can wait, Is that better? Yeah, that's better.

Unknown Speaker  19:07
Okay. Oh, perfect. For me. Cool. How about that? Alright. Alright, carry on. doubles again. Okay. Sounds good.

Speaker 2  19:15
Welcome to the show. I'm here with my co host, Ash Arnold. And today I'm excited to have Blair Parkdale on the show with us. So welcome to the show. Blair.

Unknown Speaker  19:23
Thanks, Matthias. It's a pleasure to be here with you guys.

Speaker 2  19:27
That's That's awesome. I was really excited to have you on the show this time. And I thought it'd be fun to open up the with the list the listeners and fill them in a little bit about where you're at where you're living and what you're living in June, June, Phyllis. And just just briefly before we get in?

Speaker 3  19:43
Well, yeah, I'm dialed into to this podcast from about 8700 feet above sea level, staring squarely at Pikes Peak and its glorious peak right outside of my sunroom window. of my tiny house, I live in a 400 square foot tiny house, I'm the owner of another tiny house. That's about 360 square feet. And I've chosen to make the big boat from suburbia all the way up into the mountains and living tiny.

Speaker 2  20:14
That's awesome. I think it's kind of the kind of the dream to do that in terms of remote work and remote possibilities. I was curious to know, I thought it'd be a great place to start just a little bit about telling telling us a little bit about yourself a little bit about your background. And then I'd love to hear more about your story about what brought you on this journey.

Speaker 3  20:37
So that sounds like a fun, fun discussion. So yeah, I'm 48 years old, I consider myself a late bloomer. And I feel like I'm 35 and a lot of ways, and it might have something to do with the fact that I'm a serious procrastinator. So maybe even getting older, something I'm trying to procrastinate against. But I grew up, I grew up in a with a great family. My father traveled a bunch for his work. And so I became very acquainted with with moving from place to place across the United States. And we, you know, we're a very, again, blessed family, we had great, great relationships. And, you know, it was just, it was a pretty easy life. And you know, Mom and Dad were baby boomers. And as we know, baby boomers, figured that the way to make a living was to work hard at a job, have a job for a long career, retire after that long career and kind of live your life, you know, free from kids and dad in a lot of ways and just, you know, kind of enjoy kind of those, those twilight years. And so you know, that's I grew up in a family much like that. And I'm currently what I call a digital nomad and a gig economy, you know, digital nomad, meaning that I work from, from many different locations, the company I worked for is called login BSI there company based out of Amsterdam, in the Netherlands, and I direct the director products for this company. So it's really quite fun to you know, it's hard to wake up and kind of meet them at their time zone. But it's still pretty cool to be able to wake up, roll out of bed, you know, head down to tiny house at home number two, where I have all my gear set up. And I think I sent you some cool pictures of that, and just start dialing in and doing my business at five or six, about six o'clock in the morning. And kind of doing that whole thing. And I make a note about the gig economy. Because if you if you're familiar with the gig economy, if you come from a technology background, some might think a gig economy means like a certain capacity, the gigabyte, but it's actually it's that we live in an era where a lot of our jobs are short, or short term gigs, right. And so the gig economy has to do with the fact that we just don't have jobs that we can kind of work for a long career in anymore. I am Christian guy. And I'm recently married to the love of my life. I just got married about a year ago. And my passions, thank you. My passions are carpentry, hiking, music and engineering. So, you know, that's just a little bit about me to kind of lead the way into the rest of the podcast.

Speaker 1  23:20
So I'm, you know, I think I think Blair, first of all, there's so many things that I think we need to touch on that he just mentioned, but specifically about the gig economy. It's really interesting. You mentioned that, you know, I remember probably five years ago in technology, a lot of jobs were at the moment. And I'm, I'm generalizing across a variety of industries at the moment. But they were contracts focused, you know, CTOs have come with organizations know, maybe for 24 months sit down, information security people will come in for for eight months contracting going to take over or, you know, marketing with come in for a six month project, and then kind of kind of dance out. So it's really interesting to see, see you embracing contract work in such a way. And that actually is really true, I think, I don't think technology jobs on five years ago, understood that that you could you could freelance. And I think it's really interesting that a lot of people in technology specifically. And I want to say in a lot of different roles that are supporting roles, but even IT actually can, can can just work on contracts now, and actually be able to just move anywhere they want to move, because they're not, they're not locked into that 48 months, you know, five year career anymore with one organization. And they're in a lot of cases, independent contractors. I know, in my case, if I do consults, I've kind of moved my digital experiences, my technology experiences to consulting situations, so I'm usually on a contract for, you know, a cent of time and then then I'm on to another project. So I think it's really interesting that, that you've been able to do that and create an economy doing it in a sustainable way of life, I, I still think a lot of individuals don't realize the opportunities that are out there to actually create a lifestyle that way. So it is really interesting that you've you've been able to succeed on, you know, basically all pillars of your life, basically, contract to contracts, which for a lot of people is a terrifying thought. But here you are living the complete dream, right?

Speaker 3  25:36
Well, I'd like to think so. But I think to be clear to I'm not a contract worker, per se, right i i did come from my last gig was a consulting job where I was kind of helping a company with some marketing stuff, and I'm an engineer at heart. But I think, you know, really the way that I see the economy shaping up and tech jobs like ours, they ultimately do end up being a gig, right? You and that has more to do with the fact that you can't count on your job being a long term thing right? Now, some of them may turn into a long term gig like I have been working for the company that I'm with for the last four years. But the the mindset is much, much different than what I was growing up, you know, what, then what I experienced, when I grew up grew up, you know, my father worked at the same company from start to finish, right. And then he retired from that company even consulted for the company for a while. And here I look at the jobs that I've had and the security that I felt in these jobs over the last 10 years or so. And it's like there's no security, they are becoming much more remote, which is great. But that's one of the drivers for the how I've adapted or changed my lifestyle. So it's a big driver, is the fact that there's a lot of anxiety that comes from the fact that I don't know if I'm going to have the same job next year. And I just didn't want to live in a way that I felt anxiety anymore. I wanted to change how I live to be much more adaptable and flexible. So if changes do come along in my professional status, I can just kind of flow into them. And so I feel like I work in a gig economy, but I'm not necessarily consultant yet. But, you know, I do think that's a total possibility for me, in the future, if I if I chose to do so.

Speaker 2  27:25
That's a really interesting angle that and a really interesting perspective, because the speed of change within technology is what drives the gig economy. And and your answer for how us as humans who have, up until the very recent past have lived in relatively stable civilizations, or at least where the rate of change is relatively low. Like presenting this this kind of lifestyle as a way of a thriving in the midst of this this rapid change.

Speaker 3  28:00
Yep, yep. This is this is really is at the core of a lot of changes I've made recently. Absolutely, really interesting.

Speaker 1  28:10
So I mean, I think that's profound about it. The point is, is you've been able to create, create some things, static Lee stable, and in something that changes every time, I mean, the rate of adoption of everything we're dealing with, I think, even more so this year than 10 years ago, is just so fast, it's so fast, how we do things, why we do them, what we need to research, what we don't need to research, what we need to look at what we need not look at changes on such a frequent, it's very difficult to become that perfect solution, you know, all these people that start jobs, you know, view myself, everybody, we have this great service to offer, but I don't think anybody understand, to your point, the anxiety that comes with, I'm going to learn this, I'm going to I'm going to die, I'm going to be great at it. And what what no one ever talks about is okay, in terms of of adapting and being great at it and being personable and showing up and being your best self and, and enrolling with the technology, adopting it, going with the flow, and getting there, what nobody talks about is what it does to your family life, what it does to the bills that don't go down what it does to the hobbies that have to be abandoned, because you might be working, you know, crazy hours for a certain amount of time. And then you might be able to figure out how to do your job faster, or maybe slower. The technology is just as the blows at such a rate that it's very hard to predict. And I think it's wonderful that you took that into account. And and you became kind of lifestyle as a service, so to speak, saying, Okay, my exterior life is the problem. But the job is not, you know, the job is going to continue to change. So if that changes constants that are going to change my life, so they don't get stressed. That is brilliant. I gotta say, Oh, yeah,

Speaker 3  30:06
absolutely. And technology is not going to slow down. So you have to really, you know, I've been looking at my personal life much, much more now than I have in the past. And in the past, I set myself up for a major burnout, high anxiety, all of that stuff in a market and in a in a sector that I really enjoy, which is technology, but you got to think about life to as being in a way kind of a race or, or a marathon, right. And if you choose to sprint, the entire marathon, you're basically going to fall on your face and not be able to get up, you know, halfway through the race. So you really got to think about how do I pace myself? And how do I set myself up to be able to make a decision to pace myself later on. And you know, and like I said, I'm a late bloomer at 48. And I just learned how to make this decision. You know, we can talk about how I got to that place later. But I just, I feel like, I want to have the choice to be able to start, you know, jogging, or walking or enjoying my surroundings during that marathon. And I don't want to feel the anxiety that comes with making a really hard risky choice like that. So, you know, the idea was basically setting myself up in a way where that risk is much, much less. And so it's easier to make those decisions. And what's funny is, you know, just knowing you can make that decision changes your perspective, so much to the point where you don't even feel like you have to leave your job to find that fulfillment anymore.

Speaker 2  31:32
Yeah. So you bring up something pretty interesting, because in a lot of ways, the tech space is the perfect place for the kind of the adrenaline hooked entrepreneur, to love to go after the next craze. And yet, we're facing this talent shortage. And the same time, that's kind of the exact opposite of what would a typical engineer is actually looking for. And so you there's this, there's this self perpetuating problem that we have in in the startup culture in which we're actively creating. I mean, you're you're working to change this, but, you know, creating this culture in which the talent that we so desperately need, isn't, isn't able to thrive. Right. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  32:23
So, but

Unknown Speaker  32:28
go ahead.

Unknown Speaker  32:29
So one of the things I was curious about too, because,

Speaker 2  32:33
I mean, it sounds like you're some of the things that you've done this slow yourself down, have moved beyond just, it's more than just, you know, moving into the mountains and living in a tiny hole. There other life adjustments that you've been making, from, from what I hear. Do you want to talk a little bit about about some of those? You know, from a practical standpoint, what are some of the things that you've done to help lower the noise and lower the the anxiety for yourself? Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 3  33:01
Well, I can tell you, it all started, when I met my wife few years ago, you know, she's a wonderful soul, she's somebody that actually, you know, lived in her van and, you know, really struggled through life early on, and realize that you just don't need a lot to be happy. And when you kind of live minimally, you get excited about a lot, a lot more things to write. And living minimal, doesn't mean depriving yourself which is, you know, it just means looking at certain, you know, conveniences in your life that you just, sometimes you really don't need, like, How hard is it to cut the cord out of a strawberry, you know, versus, you know, buying that strawberry core, from the stores sticking in the shell for, you know, 99.99% of its life, you know, and just never looking back to it, it's just like these little things in life that she's kind of taught me, you just don't need to have a lot to be able to find that fulfillment in life. And so, you know, when I met her, she was in the process of buying a tiny home, and I was living in a 2400 square foot house in suburbia. And, and, you know, it was a great house, and I have a couple of kids from a previous marriage, who I needed to make sure I provided for them as well. And, and so when we met, you know, and I had felt quite a bit of anxiety before meeting her to just in the fact again, that I had, what I call a box, and chain is basically a giant house, I will never, ever pay off like most Americans, and that house becomes kind of this box and chain, where I have to work my whole life, I can't slow down, I can't stop burning money, because the house is constantly going to be asking for most of it. And so that I think is, you know, we kind of set ourself up for all of this anxiety. And we learn that from our predecessors, right, our parents, teachers have taught us or at least when you're my age, my parents taught me you know, and by example, you know, you grow up, you get success in a job, you buy a house, you get a couple cars, couple dogs, you know, blah, blah, blah. And that's the formula for success, right. And so that worked very well for them. But in our, you know, in a gig economy, and these kind of things, when you have a house like that, it's just this huge anxiety. And so when I met my wife, and she was telling me about, you know, tiny living and all of these things, and I'm not a materialist, and I don't need to have a lot of stuff, but my things are musical equipment and tools pretty much. And so when I looked at my life and kind of was was weighing the decision, like, you know, how nice would it be to live tiny and not have this box and chain around my leg for the rest of my life? And how could that change my life. And so that was really what led into a lot of the decisions and revelations that I've been having lately. And ultimately, the decision to sell that house, take the the profits from the house and buy a tiny home and kind of move up here to the park and, and, you know, kind of a shed a lot of the things that made life a little more complex and complicated. Go ahead.

Speaker 1  36:10
Oh, yeah, I was just gonna say, um, I think Blair, what you're saying is, um, you know, and maybe this is my spin on it right there. There's a huge, and facade we put on in technology, I think, I think no matter what you are, you know, you see it in a lot of the hubs that, you know, Alpharetta, Georgia, and name one place, you know, we can talk about Silicon Valley, we can talk about what Denver is becoming, we can talk about Austin, Texas, you know, and you're right, it's always the house. And, you know, the guys, the men, the men in the marriage usually move first, and then stuck in a work condo, you know, away from their family for a little while, so they can finally move the house, you know, back to where the job is, and do this lot happening in a lot of engineering jobs specifically, see a lot in CTO positions a lot in data science roles, it's actually the rate of how much we ask of these people to move is astounding. It is a lot move. And there is that anxiety of of you know, because we're in a generational, philosophically speaking, Brynn where we're at a Crux with forge different generations are kind of exiting and entering the workforce. All right, and

Unknown Speaker  37:35
for sure, yeah,

Speaker 1  37:36
it is. And it's a completely different outlook. To your point, you were saying, you know, I wasn't, I was influenced by my parents, you know, my parents said, buy the house by you don't get the dog do this, you know, at the same time, I was thinking about that. And, to that point, I was able to speak to consultant last week, that's been a mentor to me for many, many years. And, and we kind of love to talk about how working accept changed and whatnot. And working in this field that is so competitive, and so taxing, and we are asking people to innovate, and create and throw throw this, this rapid rate of consumption at these problems we solve with technology in data every day. I mean, honestly, I'm, the creative process has been sped up, I think probably, I call it like 20 times the ground between time fields, just kind of what I might. And that's my little version of saying, okay, you know, we used to be able to actually create a pipeline of goals and look at Keno whiteboarding, a startup culture, you know, kind of like incubation of idea and, and kind of watching it come to fruition, and it feels like, so much of that process has just been on, you know, we've got all these software's that make lists for us to do and tell us if we're on time or not on time on our project management, and we're dealing with these micro project, you know, and in this gig economy, ultimately, at the end of the day, we're just dealing with these, a bunch of mini projects add up to something huge or, or something little, depending on what we're working on. But we're working so intense, and the human body was not meant. And the capacity of the brain is one of the most amazing tools we have, right? I don't even think we've tapped into how much faster it can work. But to your point earlier, how much we're asking to be always on this 24 seven always on situation is so crazy. In here you are and you are subtracting so much of the monotony, to make things simpler to I mean, the point where I mean, we are not taking courses out of apples, which is a great process, right? And I and I mean that in all the best ways, because it's important to be able to sit down and be able to actually enjoy cooking a meal, how many of us actually have to time to do that anymore, right? So he was able to say, you know, I like to cook dinner for myself and have that minute to just to be able to do it. I mean, in here we are in a time where, you know, we've got all this technology, you know, an LED light can probably find a gift we really want, right? Whenever you need to take that important step back and say, I'm going to slow that down. Because I am working so fast over here, in in what my projects are asking of me that that you've been able to subtract it out. It's so many people can't take that step back. And it's incredible, that that you have and you know, I could generate I could generalize this by saying it's a generational thing. And it is the Odyssey you're actually living now probably more like the way you were raised, then then in that life, you were on your way to that your parents prepared you for it, right? I mean, isn't it kind of a weird throwback? Right?

Speaker 3  41:08
In a sense, it is kind of a throwback, it's more like a living, like when I was a kid and my parents watch, right? I mean, I had more time to do the things that I love. Right. And, and the interesting, you know, the interesting thing about always on, right, is that Yeah, our brains have this wonderful capacity to handle so much and, you know, being put into stressful situations and see how we respond and succeed. And all that is awesome. But I am an INTJ if you're familiar with Myers Briggs, and so, I love solving problems, and but I'm also highly creative. And one of the things I found is that while I have the capacity to deal with a lot of stress and, and to get a lot of things done when I need to, the thing that seems like to me is it the brain balances that part of your objective versus your creativity. So for example, if I'm working 16 hour days, and I'm constantly under the gun to get things done, my brain is going to focus more on getting things done. And I'm really going to start to eat at my creative process. And that's one of the things that I found about our current, you know, our current social, economic, you know, professional careers is that we're starting to sacrifice a lot of creativity in our lives. And until, you know, my personal opinion, and maybe this has more to do with my age, I don't know. But until you have that opportunity to sit back and cook a meal or stare at the stars for for 30 minutes, or sit under the sun with your eyes closed for 30 minutes, you'll never reap the rewards of a powerful creativity. And it's that creativity that spurred all of the innovation that we see today. So I feel like we're starting to burn, you know, kind of burn the candle at two ends with how hard we're kind of going at technology. And if we don't kind of think about what we're doing, and we don't kind of slow down a little bit and at least trade a little bit of that time. For you know, kind of slowing down a little bit we're going to kill our creativity and and that will be you know, we're pretty much just robots and and we know what's going to happen with those jobs.

Speaker 1  43:11
You know, you know, something that just strikes me as really interesting about what she just said is, you know, I my on my personal journey, which relates tears in a very strange way. I unplugged completely for eight months of my life, no phone, no computers, no nothing, right, eight months straight, nothing cold turkey, nobody could find me. And that was that was enough of the jarring have enough experience to give me a complete shell shock. Just I didn't know what to do with myself. Right? Cuz I didn't type you know, I'm so used to thinking through typing on a computer, right? Um, so you know, brainstorming a company, by just you know, okay, I've got to get, I've got to get, you know, my Excel spreadsheet and no, my, my mind map software out. And that's how I'm going to think. And I've been thinking that way for so many years, that when I had to sit with a pen and paper, and kind of articulate to myself, I found something very interesting happen. I could not even write in complete sentences anymore. Does anyone else experienced that? Matthias? Have you ever done that? If you ever just takes a minute to unplug yourself complete, I wrote in bullet points to myself, and I realized, at the end of this experiment, that I was writing it like I was writing software, and how is anybody going to follow my directions? Because I wasn't writing the story.

Unknown Speaker  44:42
That's the creative part of it. The story, you know,

Speaker 1  44:45
yeah, I just I don't know how to tell a story. I couldn't, I could not write it on paper anymore. And to your point, I took a long time. And you know, I started going, you know, at dusk, I went on a walk. And at daybreak, I went on a probably, maybe maybe what you guys do or don't do. But I I realized that I had, I've been communicating so short, working so fast with all these great tools that I have. Now, I could not write down and write five solid pages of a business plan, paragraph sentences without spellcheck, without a keyboard. And it scared me a little bit. It honestly scared me a little bit. And I don't know if if anybody here has been through something like that. But that was just from unplugging, just for, you know, a very small period of time. Very, you know, my career. And I realized what I was losing from myself, much like you, I realized what, what I had subtracted from my life, because I relied on my tools too much, and no more thinking because I was always on. And then when I slowed myself down long enough to look around. It took me a while to appreciate how long has it been like an intellectual process actually takes? And I just I thought that was interesting, because because you were saying, you know, you slow your life down. And I you know, I through all technology, when I realized that I was almost handicapping myself. And I was just wondering if either of you have gone through anything like that?

Speaker 3  46:21
Right, I've definitely gone through that. I mean, that, as I talked about in my past with this high anxiety job and that kind of stuff. Hey, you know, that was I basically said, How can I save a little time just so I can kind of free up a little to do more and just This is terrible for perpetuating issue. I tried using Evernote, for example, which is an awesome piece of software. And I was typing in all my notes and everything. But the problem with it, it was like a data dumpster. I put all my great notes in there. And the problem with typing everything on a computer screen is your brain doesn't remember, like proximity and location and things like that when it's on a computer screens, just all one blob. And about six or seven years ago, I went back to my beautiful and pad quadrille ring bound notepad and engineering Notepad, of course, because I'm an engineer, and I got my all my, my universal signal, ultra micro pen, which writes like the super fine point, I can put like a million words on one page. But the cool part about all of that is when I take notes, I actually remember what I wrote, because I remember where it was on the page. And so that's, in a way, it's creative. Because I get to choose how I put it on the page, how I write, I am writing more. And so yeah, I've experienced as well. And it's funny to look at the relationship your brain has with different types of media.

Speaker 2  47:44
That's absolutely right. I think Blair, it's well worth emphasizing, what what you're saying, because I think it's, it's easy to blow past blow past it. Like as, especially in the in the startup space, or if you're in any form of leadership, or you're launching a company or, or just leading a team. There's it's so easy to let the demands and pressures of life. Squeeze that creativity out of you. I mean, if we do nothing else pause and and if if listeners do nothing, but but take that to heart and start applying that. I mean, that's, that's, it's huge.

Speaker 3  48:30
Yeah, yeah. And the cool thing about the cool thing about the the whole tiny house thing, right is, for me, it wasn't, you know, I didn't wake up one day and say, hey, I want to live in a house, it's, you know, the one fifth the size of the house that I'm living in now, right, I wanted to live in a way that was kind of free from a certain anxiety that I had about always having to make a lot of money and pay for this big box and chain. And, and so even freeing up a little mental capacity of things that you worry about, you know, all the time, it opens you up to be a little more free to think and do things freely, you know?

Speaker 2  49:06
Yeah, that's really true. So one of the questions that I had is, I think when you're in this place where you know, you're redlining it, you're you're, you know, fronting it just at the edge of what you can handle. And there's more to do than what you're getting to. It's hard to and when you're weighed down by, by the chain, it's hard to imagine what life can be like, and I'm curious if you can describe, can you kind of give us a picture of the before and after?

Unknown Speaker  49:40
picture? Yeah,

Speaker 3  49:41
yeah, I definitely, I can do that. But also realize that that my life took on this change just over about a year and a half ago. So I'd say I'm kind of in progress much with anything in life, we're kind of always in progress. And my motto is, it's more, you know, it's, it's not the destination. It's the journey, right? Yeah. And so, you know, I think that the immediate thing for me was, as soon as I sold that, that box, you know, that box and changed since I sold that house and had enough money to put a really sizable down payment on a tiny home, that was kind of the first level of freedom that I got to experience, I got to sit down and say, Hey, I no longer have this huge mortgage payment that I have to work so hard to to pay every month. Right now I get to kind of revel in the fact that I don't have to work really hard to keep my job, because I'm afraid of losing my job, right. And so that was that absolutely benefit number one was the fact that now I get to work because I want to not because I have to, and I was just huge. And it really kind of eases the mind, it takes a lot of weight takes off a lot of pressure, a huge amount of anxiety. And, you know, and it's not to say that I don't work hard. And there are absolutely weeks, you know, weeks on end, where I do kind of work and wish I had a little time to do something different. But you know, there's task at hand, I want to get it done. And I'm going to see it through. And so it ebbs and flows a little bit. And so I still go through those periods. But just knowing that if if I ever wanted to say you know, enough, it's starting to own me a little bit, the choice to say, I want to do a consulting job for the next six months from Costa Rica, you know, I could make that call if I wanted to, but just the way that I feel about my job now, it's like now, I will definitely go to Costa Rica, but I'm not going to take on a new consulting job just because I love who I work with. And I've changed my mindset about being a professional and that kind of stuff. So, definitely, you know, a big part of it. I will say, though, that I'm really looking forward to the kind of the next stage of life, right, I mean, as I mentioned earlier, have a couple of kids in there, 17 and 18. Now, so I've got one in college, and the other one's graduating high school soon, and she's got a car now and it's just, it's so great to see them kind of flourish on their own and, and so, you know, seeing them kind of, kind of being successful out on their own, and having this wonderful marriage with my wife, you know, that's, that's this now a year old, it's like, a lot of new things in my life. And you know, and with new things, you definitely want to give a lot of care and feeding and all that stuff. And, and so I'm looking forward to kind of not exiting, but transitioning, you know, into this life a little more wholeheartedly now that I've worked so hard to kind of make a lot of it happen. So things like, you know, it sounds easy to sell a house and move into a tiny home, right. But you've got 16, you got six rooms and a standard, you know, big suburban house. And, you know, if you're like me, Every room has to have a piece of furniture in it, if you don't have room for some things, and you'll stash in a closet. And so, you know, it took three to six months just to empty my house enough so that I could fit everything else in a 10 by 10 storage unit and in my tiny home. And so that was easy, you know, but I knew every time I let go of something I did feel kind of a sense of peace and release. And that wasn't this heavy energy. So I'd say right now after about a year and a few months of kind of making that transition up to what the park living tiny, you know, working cooperative workspaces and things like that. And getting to that part in my life, now we're all of those things is kind of geared up ready to go. And it's just a matter of kind of hopping on and taken the ride, you know, and so, yep, yep, we got got rid of the 10 by 10 storage unit, we're now fully into two Tiny Homes at the moment and will be taken the the other Tiny Home into kind of an Airbnb type of thing, which I'm happy to talk about too, but there's that we're building another tiny home in Costa Rica. And, you know, lots of good fun stuff still happening with the job. So there's still so much more ahead. But you know, basically making that huge transition from, you know, the suburban like box and chain, you know, standard lifestyle that, you know, huge percentage of Americans live to this new minimal, tiny living type of lifestyle. And it's, it takes a lot of effort. So it's not for the faint of heart. It's not for those that that are afraid of commitment, right.

Speaker 3  54:44
It's nice to be on the other side of that right now. And I'm feeling just in the last month or two just like yeah, it's we're starting to coast a little bit and and starting to really gain some momentum.

Speaker 2  54:55
That's really cool. I think that transparency, that transparency is awesome, because I think so many times we see the picture painted on the other side of like, here's the glamour, but it's, it's interesting to hear you talk about the price that you've had to pay in order to, to get to that and to get to that level of simplicity and, and peace. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. So I'm curious to hear some of your, some of your thoughts on even on the work side of things, working with the remote team. And you know, there's kind of this productivity tension between if you're all in the same room and getting things done versus, you know, having a higher creativity and disconnection that then the challenges of kind of communication and some of the things that happen, what's your experience been like with? With that?

Speaker 3  55:49
That's a great question. I love this question. And I can't wait to talk about it. So, so like, here's the first thing that happened, right? When I got this job, for years ago, I came from a standard, you know, I'm not gonna say nine to five office job, because it was more like six to six, six to nine, you know, office job. But, you know, the hard part for me was when I started working remotely. And again, the company that I work for is based out of Amsterdam. And so, you know, they the number one, they have a big time difference. And number two, you know, I'm sitting, you know, how many miles away from them, I've got nobody, no peers to kind of talk to face to face and work with. And, and so I think the first thing that I really recognized as being really troublesome and hard to conquer was the fact that when you go into the office at six in the morning, and you work till six in the evening, you leave that office at six in the evening going, Hey, I just put in a 12 hour day, right. But the reality of that was you got into the office and six, you had a cup of coffee, you probably had to make the coffee, because you're the first one there. And so you know, at 630, you're just sitting down behind your computer, you're spending an hour at least catching up on email, and then everybody starts coming in. And for the next two hours, you're saying, Hi, you're catching up on the weekend, or whatever happened last night. And next thing you know, you've got, you got three or four meetings, you got lunch, you have a couple more meetings, and then you're sitting behind your desk and trying to catch up, missing all that stuff. And so if you really, really analyze your day, working in an office, it's not really a 12 hour day is more like a four hour day. And right. And so, you know, for me going from an office to home, I'm feeling really unproductive because I feel like I'm distracted by everything around me. And I'm only getting like I'm doing like six hours a day of really concentrated and focused work. And, and it took me at least two years to realize, by going into the office and hanging out with every nobody else to realize that four hours is actually a good day. And so I stopped putting all this guilt on myself that, you know, for concentrated hours was a bad thing, because it's really not, you know, and if I'm getting

Unknown Speaker  58:14
Yeah, that's interesting. Wow. And so I never like that.

Speaker 3  58:19
Yeah, and so the cool. The other cool thing was when you work for a Dutch company whose eight hour difference from Mountain Time Zone, waking up at 530 in the morning, rolling out of bed, and on the computer at six in the morning, your morning starts at six, their their day ends at about 10 o'clock am our time. So they're all leaving the office at that time. And we have a great US team too. So, you know, I still support the teams east coast to West Coast here. But the cool part is like, you know, nine o'clock when everybody's logging out from Amsterdam, you know, I've got, I could take a two hour lunch and not feel guilty about it. Because I started my day so hard. And or so early. And I worked so hard at the very beginning of the day. So okay, let's take a couple hours. And so the couple hours for me looks like eating a good lunch, thrown the dogs in the back of the car, driving to the park, going for, you know, a three mile run with them coming back refreshed, maybe taken a little nap, which is unheard of in today's today's society, and then logging back on and supporting the sales team doing demos, helping them, you know, figure out how to sell some things and kind of putting together some ideas creatively about the technology, and then kind of logging off the four o'clock or so something like that. And that's a that's a, that's an outstanding day. And, and again, it took me a couple of years to see that. But once you start to realize that, hey, that's a good day, you know, and I should be proud of that. And that's, that's that was just a huge part of making that transition from, you know, the office worker to kind of that remote worker, and the benefits that come with working remotely. And again, it feeds your creativity to be able to take a run for a few miles, you know, every other day or something like that. It's a big benefit.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:10
That's not really

Unknown Speaker  1:00:12
yeah, it's such a good way to look at it, because

Speaker 1  1:00:17
that's the thing, no one ever talks about the guilt one feels working remotely. We have people in the office traditionally have. I'll say, Now, it's more acceptable than it was. But I know that it was a huge, it's a huge culture shock when people find out you work remote, because the assumption is, you're not working. And so when you're going in that way, right? When you go in that way, what that does to a person, it can really be taxing because I guilt, as you say, I mean, it's there. And I know a lot of remote workers who on the flip side of it do get the opportunity to work from home, have this access to do what you're saying, but don't allow themselves the permission to do it. Because they feel they have to work twice as hard. Being a home sometimes is the fact that you kind of can break the day down into you're absolutely right. You know, if you think if you think about six hours of you know, 46 hours of quality, knowledge full working, that's uninterrupted actually addressing what you're in business doing rather than the small talk. And rather than on the busy work, right, but just getting down to the brass tacks of what you're in business doing and really being deep about it. And then being able to be okay with walking out. I think is the crux not that we're facing. You know, a lot of people still haven't adopted the fact that people can work from home. But what they don't i don't think they realize is that the people that do work remote, have a tendency to work at in our day at home. Right. Yeah. Right. Because it's always in front of you. Yeah. Because Oh, you know, the, and the notion is you can't walk away. And for you to address that, I think is is a huge point of how not to do it. Right? You can get up and walk away, right?

Speaker 3  1:02:20
Yep, yep. And if I hadn't suffered from my, my, you know, anxiety periods before. And in my 60 hour weeks, if I hadn't suffered from that, I probably would still be curious about what's going on, you know, and keys and stay logged in and things like that. But I have to say there's one more component that's really critical to being a remote worker. And something that, I guess my I've always been kind of a collaborator and kind of communicator in a way where I'm focused pretty heavily on the audience I'm speaking to right. And so when you're face to face, you see mannerisms, you see things like that, that helped to QU and how are they responding to what I'm saying, right? The problem with working remotely is you don't get that feedback. And I create that feedback. Number one, but at the same time, I've also been a manager managing remote people, right. And so if you don't see their little status icon on on their messenger, you know, after the show up green, and it looks like they're always away, and that kind of stuff, you start to assume that you know, what they're doing. And, and so, you know, I think I know that my bosses are probably looking at me the same way, right, they want to make sure that they're getting the best value out of me. And if they don't see me in the office, how do they know that's happening. And so there's a crucial component to working remotely, that I think, you know, if you really want to be successful as remote worker, you need to embrace and that's just like solid communication. So one of the things that I had to do and and, you know, something that I'd say a lot of the, the US workforce in our company had struggled with in the past. And, you know, being led by and communicating heavily with the Dutch company, is the fact that, you know, if you don't have those solid communication pads, and kind of that, that alive signal between the two, you know, on a regular basis, then they will start to draw conclusions about, you know, you'll hear things like I just don't know what you do every day, right, which is basically like saying, I just don't know that, I see a lot of value in what you're doing. And so you don't be able to word

Unknown Speaker  1:04:32
value.

Speaker 3  1:04:34
That's right. And so I think things like I did things like set up regular weekly meetings, and sometimes meetings can be kind of taxing and that kind of stuff. But if you're in an office, where you're talking by the water cooler every day, yeah, meetings are Bs, you don't necessarily need them. And people get to the point at the water cooler. But when you remote, and my favorite platform that we're using right now and zoom, I freakin love zoom, I'm using zoom messenger, we're doing zoom meetings. And you know, once if not twice a day with my peers over there. And so they get a better sense of what I'm doing. And when I'm not communicating with them over some type of chat or or conferencing system, then I'm making sure that they you know, they see things like Yammer posts, to the company that I'm communicating to other folks within the company, I'm sending status, and I'm sending some email saying You got it, you really got to take some some extra steps, if you want to be successful as remote worker to make sure that people feel that I'm alive signal, you know, and technology we call it is alive. And so I feel like you know, success comes from that signal back to, you know, the office, if there is an office.

Speaker 2  1:05:53
That's really good, because on a on a fully remote team, then then by necessity, the manager has to put those six awesome place. You're right, but especially when you're integrating with, you know, with the onsite team, it really is up to you. And and I'm curious how much of that is is? I mean, you can you can do that, just by asking questions and engaging about the work that you do, how much do you proactively advertise of like, well, this is the work that I have done and try to publish that. No, not yet. they'll decide with you.

Speaker 3  1:06:29
Yep. So as a director of products for my company, I'm kind of expected to, to do some of that, right, like, new releases, I make sure and communicate that to the entire company in a way that says, hey, we got something new, I want to get you excited about it. You know, here's what it is, here's how we can talk about it. You know, and so, you know, I kind of publish that to the rest of the company and make sure that I'm visible in that way. And I'm not just doing it to be visible, right. I mean, that's, it's part of my job. And I also like doing this stuff. But there are other mechanisms, for example, like, I'll write a weekly report for my boss. And so he might, he might, you know, a couple of times during the week, like, I wonder what he's doing, you know, and he's been pretty clear with me to the he feels like I'm definitely adding value and that kind of stuff. And he's not worried about me, but I still have an internal, you know, voice in my head that says, hey, nobody knows what you're doing. And you should feel guilty about that. And, and that's something that I can't turn off, right. So what I'll do is at the end of the week, on Friday, I'll spend an hour. So just compiling all of the things, I feel added value to my company until weekly. And I'll write that to my boss, and I'll send it to him. Typically, on a Friday, sometimes I miss sometimes they don't. But the cool thing about a weekly is it forces you to say, Hey, here's the value I added this week, and you exit the week feeling really good about yourself. Yeah. And so that's, that's huge. And then at the end of the quarter, if you have, you know, KPIs, anything that you need to write up, it's just a matter of kind of going through those, indexing them and sending them through. And it saves a lot of time to if you're, if you're variable or bonus driven. So you know, those are, those are a couple of really big mechanisms. And then, and then the other is, as a director of products. It's important to be that we make decisions as a panel, right, and ultimately, the decisions go to the executives. But the the last thing that I'll mention is just I have what I call a product board. And that's, you know, engineering, development, support services, sales, and executive management, and marketing. And so we all get together once a week, and we kind of share, you know, the tactical stuff, what happened this week, what's new, what do we want to focus on that kind of thing. And so those are the kind of the three big mechanisms that I choose to use to, to really stay in touch with everybody make sure we're on the same page and also add, feel like I'm adding value and literally, that's about Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:09:05
No, really making thing that you communicate on a weekly, you know, flare up as a tool. But you know, I've been, I've been doing the weekly thing for about 15 years, believe it or not, and the thing about the weekly thing, and it's really interesting, because when you do the weekly thing, you don't think anybody reads the weekly thing, because you train them to remember the weekly thing, right? And then all of a sudden, they don't get the weekly. It's mass chaos. And it's really funny, because I think, I think remote working gives you that secret sauce of really being on top of how did I do at my job? And I think that's always left out. And I, I think as part of the gig, the gig economy, this the the startup culture we're in, you know, with all these tools that kind of instantly are transparent to are you online? are you on? Are you going to pick up your phone? Are you going to answer a text, they're going to answer an instant message? Are you going to do this, they're going to do that. And we're asking people to create, right the whole time, we're asking them to train, learn, digest, get their feet into software, get the feet out of software, tweak it, you know, get a new release out, not get a release out, you know, look at it, you know, can it be better? can it not be this and we're constantly in a rough draft, right? constantly. I mean, that's really what we're doing. And I think I think all of our careers in technology kind of has to be okay with being in a rough draft at the moment, because that's just kind of the way the technology is working. There's, there's a lot of old tools that work. And there's a lot of tweaks we are making on the go all the time. because technology is changing daily. And the interesting thing about about doing the weekly and and getting that out of every worker, as a career and just managing yourself that way is I think, I think what we've seen, what we can expect from that work force is really a group of people that are very, very on top of a lot of different departments, and to your point how we communicate with them. And when you ask people to do that weekly, and read the weekly and recap and and take that step back. It provides the fulfillment for yourself. Yes, but it's also a measuring stick in in an intangible world that we live in. And what you actually wind up getting out of out of this incredible work force is, is that people that actually become more in charge of their performance than probably any review that as a manager, you could give them because you're assessing yourself every day. Did I do? Did I do what I could do. Dave? Was I the best version myself? Was I productive? And because that question is at the forefront of your head because you get the opportunity to work remote, I almost feel that you're getting the best out, you're getting the best version of work out of people. Because it's not that they're defensive at all, it's that they think of ways to give more, right? They think of ways to communicate better, they think of ways to make sure that there's no misunderstanding about whatever, whatever process they're in, whatever, whatever tasks they've been assigned, they have this ownership that it becomes three dimensional. And I think what we struggle with because of the generational gap, just in it, and I I hate to generalize technology right now, but we are we've got, you know, four generations going on in technology. And it's a very interesting time. And to be able to see that level of responsibility come out of a group kind of kind of like we're talking about is really inspiring, because I don't care a lot today. And you guys may feel different. But I don't hear a lot of people saying, How did I do today? Right? But But when you look at remote workers in particular, we know how we did it, we know exactly how we did it. We know how you did. And we know how how he did. And we know how she did because we are forced to communicate in this dimensional world where we do lose that that ability to read people's faces, but we are engaging all quadrants of our brain to make sure that nothing is misunderstood that, that we're working as a team, and we're we're working empathetically and sympathetically and proactively all at once. And I really think if you were to study a workforce that is so intuitive and inspiring to say, okay, we're getting more out of people, then than we probably would be getting, and it's emotional setting and, and look at what is created, right?

Speaker 3  1:14:04
Yeah, I think there's one more correlation, I'd apply to that. And, you know, if you're familiar with entrepreneurs, and if you think of all the entrepreneurs, you bet, you probably think about people that are pretty extroverted, they, they seem to be able to manage a lot of things that would typically blow my mind. They're very unique types of people. Right? And, and there, there's then there's like the other 80% of the population that the, you know, couldn't ever be an entrepreneur, if not 90%, right. And so I'm not one of those people that would be successful as an entrepreneur, I just think things too deeply. And I take too long to do it, I procrastinate. I usually will try to avoid the toughest stuff and put it off until the last minute. So I really would suck as an entrepreneur. But I think kind of analyzing how I work remotely and my personality as an INTJ kind of lends itself to solving that problem of my own internal voice, you know, saying, Are you doing a good job, right. And so that internal voice is unique to a certain percentage of our population, but not everybody. So to your point asked, you know, there are certain types of people that will that will operate like we do, right in a remote setting where we do have that internal voice and monologue that says, hey, I need to do this. So people understand what I'm doing. And so I can work with them better. But I think there's also, there's also a huge, like a majority of our population, that would probably suck at it too, right now, because they don't really have the same internal voice and says, Hey, do they know what you're doing every day, you might have, you know, a lot of people that say, I don't really care what other people think, you know, or don't even consider it, you know, that, that using ignorance is a bad word, or demeaning word, but just it's not something that crosses their mind, right. And so, it's funny in technology, like there's so many different types of people. And if you could figure out that Codex for like, Okay, this person would be perfect as the entrepreneur, thought leader, this person would be awesome as a remote, highly productive workforce, this person would probably be good and manufacturing plant, and this will personally be good at accounting. You know, it's interesting to see all these different terms of personality types. And I think I'm blessed to have the genetic makeup of a remote worker, but I've had to work pretty hard to get there.

Speaker 2  1:16:41
I think it's a really good point. I think I'm listening or thinking back over the some of the last stuff that we've discussed some of the points you made about communication about what types of people this works for. The system? Fantastic advice for, for companies who are looking to build a remote theme? I'm curious, do you have for somebody who's considering it? What kind of what kind of, is there anything in addition to that, that you would kind of advise them? If there's a company looking at building out a remote workforce? Hmm.

Speaker 3  1:17:15
Well, yeah, aside from kind of the stuff that I've said already, I mean, I've I've never thought of that. But that sounds like a great kind of consulting gig. highly productive. Yeah, exactly. I think the core of it is pretty much you know, what I put in, outside of that, I mean, you look at some of the other mechanisms that are required, you know, these people have to be in a setting that has, you know, very good communication infrastructure. So, you know, I'm here with the park, I've got, you know, one, I think trusted internet provider here, it depending on where I am, I get like six megabits a second, which really kind of blows, I can be hundred meters away from here and get 70 megabits per second where I can be at my favorite, my cooperative workspace called base camp with a park and get, you know, 5050, down, you know, very low latency. And all of a sudden, like, all my conference calls are like, spot on, and all that stuff. So I think, you know, the the tech, technical, tactical stuff, it's got to be in place to, you know, and also for, you know, they're in Fremont, Fremont County, Canyon city, you guys are working on infrastructure there that, that kind of, solicits, in a way, technology companies to kind of plant their potential remote digital workforce there. So I think that's probably a pretty key component. And then these people also have to be proficient with technology, like, how many times have you been on a conference call with zoom? And you've got, like, half the people that are fumbling with getting their microphones working? And, you know, they can't figure out how to how to get their video and sometimes.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:03
Yeah,

Speaker 3  1:19:08
exactly. So I think, you know, those are some, you want people to kind of get that too, right. They kind of feel their presence in it in a technical way, you know, that, that allows them to really be proficient at and all of those things over kind of a single strand of fiber or so, you know, I think some of those things I would definitely consider as well. And then, outside of that, you know, it's kind of Yeah, yeah, I think that's pretty much it. It's quite simple. I would be really interested, though. And, you know, if you look at the people that kind of get doing the remote thing, looking at their Myers Briggs and seeing, okay, what personality traits do a lot of these people have in common?

Speaker 2  1:19:52
Yeah. That's a really fascinating question. It'll be interesting to see kind of what what surfaces as we continue to do the podcast, you guys know what you are? If I NFP close to the, to the introvert extrovert, kind of in the end of the spectrum, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:20:15
But I can't remember it. And it was funny. I figured the one I am but I can't remember the acronym. For some reason. I took I took a version of it. And it told me that I think 5% of the population is my is my initials is something intuitive, intuitive, something, I can't remember exactly what it is that I'm very intuitive. And I don't know, I was looking at the INTG. I can't remember if that's on am or not? I don't know. But I did, I did learn that. You know, I was one of those personalities, I was in the concentration decision, right. And because of that, you know, it makes it makes my business acumen 100%. And it makes me it makes me think twice, right? Which is great, because I'm in a virtual second guessing cycle. But it's, it makes me a tremendous analyst, which, which is really interesting. But I think we're gonna have to get that get everybody involved in in the tech start to take the Myers Briggs and figure out what we're all doing, because it'll be interesting.

Speaker 3  1:21:33
Yeah, and you know, and so, Matthias, you, you asked me about what it would take to put together kind of network for us and, you know, I've kind of worked with a lot of different people and, and I think that would, that would, I think, be a really key thing for me, if you want me to build a powerful remote workforce, I'd want to do some research into, you know, those personality types, just so I can kind of get a good idea of how fast half my success. Yeah, that's, that's really key. And, you know, the, you know, there's certain roles that you can fill, and some of that can be compensated, you know, by what types of work you do, how much you're on calls, sometimes you're working by yourself, but there is just a certain type of person who's never going to be completely happy with remote work that there's just not enough. Not enough stimulation, not enough excitement for them to stay. Oh, yeah. Yeah, and and enter the cooperative workspace, right? Because exactly, for me, I go stir crazy, especially in a tiny home, working from inside that tiny home for you know, six straight hours can drive a person mad. So I will go to I will go to my co op workspace, you know, every other week or something like that every couple of weeks. Because you start to build kind of a friendship with the people there, you start to feel camaraderie you start to in and if you don't flex your, your, you know, your verbal skills, communication skills, then you kind of fall flat I think in other areas. So I think that's another, you know, good component is I love these Co Op workspaces. And, you know, as I mentioned, like a house in Costa Rica, you know, the first thing that as soon as I started considering, well, am I going to want to do my job from there, which I would love to. I can't do it without the cooperative workspace. because number one, I'd love to talk to a lot of people there. But number two, my job requires me to have a solid internet connection. Right? So I know those places can provide that. So I love those things.

Speaker 1  1:23:40
Here, here's a question for both of you a little two questions. You made an interesting point that you can go mad in the tiny house, right? What do you what's the average cube? size? You know? Think I think about like the open offices, right? Where you get like you just space your computer? Think? What is the square footage? Think about that. Like, if you're in a cubicle with no walls, but you're in a like a cubicle. Just an office? What is that? 36 square feet? Six by 730. Interesting, right? But you'll go mad and the tiny house right? A very interesting, we've got triple the space. Right? But the thing is, yeah, it's play, but it's the solitude of just obviously, you know, talking, talking to the devices and not having someone talk back. But I've got a really good question for both of you. Have you ever worked remote and then gone back to an office? And tried that offered? sighs? Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:24:47
I heard about it. Yeah,

Speaker 3  1:24:49
I haven't outside of you know, I'm so blessed to be able to go back to our headquarters in Amsterdam, you know, a few times a year. And I'll typically spend a week out there. And so by the end of the week, I pretty much had enough because I love people, I love interacting with them. But what I have to do my job, it's really, it's just really hard for me, I, again, I love the people that I work with. But when I'm starting to focus on a task, it takes me like 30 minutes to get into it. And then to be interrupted, to have a conversation with somebody that I haven't been able to talk to in a while. It's wonderful, but then it takes me like another 30 minutes to get back to it. So that's that's the extent of the office job that I've had to kind of go back to, but I don't think I could ever go back to going into the office every day. I can't do it.

Speaker 1  1:25:47
Matthias, what about you? Have you have you done that before? Have you done that? Not?

Speaker 2  1:25:54
Yet, not for extended periods of time in the office. But you know, going in periodically, there's, there's two fascinating things, I think the the actual physical environment is one of the things that that gets me the most because, you know, from a, from a remote office, I, I basically use natural light. And so I get accustomed to that. And you go into these workplaces, and there's these harsh fluorescent lights. And it's almost overwhelming sometimes. And so that's one of the other thing is for me, you know, when I'm, if I'm on a phone call for, you know, an extended period of time, I'll hop out out of my office, and I'll you know, go on a walk or something like that and get moving. And when you're when you're in the office, you know, the barrier between, you know, from from the barrier to doing that is much higher to

Unknown Speaker  1:26:48
to choose this bill. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:26:59
I saw, I, I found I can't go, I can't go back. And I tried to. And I was thinking about this yesterday. And I wanted to, I wanted to ask you to specifically when I was getting ready for this podcast, because I recently went back on contract where I'd be on site for, you know, a certain amount of hours a day and the light was an issue. And also settling into the tasks was an issue because just having somebody 25 feet from me was enough to make me make me have to rethink, you know, how I was going to go about doing what I'm good at, because I'm good at doing what I'm great at what I do, but I'm great at what I do in a certain environment. Right. And so doing it, and some, someone else's environment was interesting to me, because I've been working remote for, I don't know, 12 years, you know, now I've been on site for meetings, you know, you know, big meetings, and much like the two of you, you know, you find for a couple of days and do your thing, you know, you know, put the conference on, and whatnot, whatever, whatever you're in the business doing. But for an extended period of time, I realized, you know, the grind of showing up somewhere, not in my environment where the lighting is not Matthias to your point, not just right. I can't get up, I can't walk around, I don't feel comfortable. Because I've been working alone, but with the team, you know, on the phone or communicating on the internet. And I'm so much more comfortable that way that being an office really made me self conscious. I just brought a whole new level of anxiety to me that I was not aware I had. So

Unknown Speaker  1:28:43
see what you guys felt?

Unknown Speaker  1:28:46
Yeah, for sure. Yeah.

Speaker 3  1:28:51
I think, yeah, for me, I just, I think my biggest issue now if I had to go back and work in an office like that, I think I get really frustrated with being interrupted. And is this my personality, when I start something, I focus on it, and it kind of shut everything down outside of that. And that that interruption is really difficult for me and after, after kind of conditioning that out of out of me for the last four years, going back into that it just feels like I'd rather have my teeth filed.

Speaker 1  1:29:30
So what you're saying is, you will train a remote workforce over the phone, but you weren't at CES? Is that what you say?

Unknown Speaker  1:29:38
No, I, I love working with people.

Speaker 3  1:29:42
Yeah, when I, when I gotta get something done, I want to do it in an environment that, that, you know, that works best for me. I don't think I ever would have known that had I not done a remote job, right. And I will, I will make any future employment decisions based upon the fact that I can actually do that. I won't take a job where I go into an office. And the cool thing is because I live tiny and minimal and, you know, the income I make from Airbnb on on my other Tiny Home property is potentially enough to pay for both hands. I, I can you know, persist through any amount of time that might take me to find that ideal job. So that's kind of changed the game up a little bit too and, and making sure that I set myself up to not have to sacrifice what I want to do until I want to be and that's that's pretty big.

Speaker 1  1:30:40
But sounds like you've really had the opportunity to rat as minimalist as you've been able to make your lifestyle. It sounds like you've had the ability to expand it quite a bit. Especially, you know, you have multiple streams of income. You are getting more out of your day to day job you probably did before and you have flexibility, which is amazing. And you take if you take that weight down, it sounds like it really, really can set you free.

Unknown Speaker  1:31:12
Nope, nope. Exactly.

Unknown Speaker  1:31:17
Right, good. Well,

Speaker 2  1:31:20
this is an interjection for you know, for this out any anything else that that you guys think that we should be covering before we wrap this up?

Speaker 1  1:31:32
Oh, man, that's great question. I don't know Blair, what do you think?

Speaker 3  1:31:38
know, I think there's so much that we could riff on. I mean, there are little chunks to I would love to do more with you guys. You know, little chunks that we've kind of opened the box on a little bit but didn't really dive too deeply into but I mean, I'm really happy and had a lot of fun with what we talked about so far. So I'm not gonna not gonna add any more spice to this to this perfect soup. You know, know what opportunity awesome.

Speaker 1  1:32:09
Yeah, I was just gonna say that as anything. I think when you close it, I think you should say we're going to do a part two to see to see to watch players journey and find out like, you know, new ideas that came up with, you know, I think that'd be great idea.

Speaker 2  1:32:24
Well, I'm curious. Blair, where there? Are there specific pieces that I love to hear from you, while it's fresh in your mind with some of the pieces where that that you would love to dive more deeper dive, dive more deeper into?

Speaker 3  1:32:40
Yeah, well, we got around kind of, you know, the remote gig economy, I think we went pretty deep on that, you know, I would I could riff on, you know, the challenges of changing your life, you know, that allows you to kind of flip it over a little bit, you know, it's not easy. But sometimes when you know what those challenges are, you can kind of look at them and say, You know what, I can do that, you know, so I would love to inspire more people to do that just by kind of, you know, tossing in some of the hard things to give them a little, you know, formula for what you have to kind of get through to, to find that freedom.

Speaker 1  1:33:19
There Survival Guide Survival Guide to switching your life over, maybe we

Unknown Speaker  1:33:29
don't, yeah, I think

Speaker 3  1:33:35
the other, the other thing I would love to kind of explore deeper, is, you know, we all learn lessons from you know, not all of us because I wouldn't be in this in the place that I am had, my wife had a normal, you know, life like I did, you know, I grew up in it with a Midwestern family, who was very fortunate in a lot of ways, good Christians and all that stuff. And, you know, unfortunately, my wife didn't have such an easy life. And that kind of changed her perspective on how she listened things and, and I kind of, you know, grew up wearing rose colored glasses, but the value and all that is that she constantly asks, Why are you doing it that way? And and you don't really think about it when you're coming from that kind of, you know, good baby boomer Boomer parents successful lifestyle kind of thing. You just saw their formula and used it, but you didn't ask why. So I would love to explore kind of lessons that we learned from prior generations, and how we can kind of break those patterns and ask why and more to find that freedom. Because I think that's, that's been big for me, you know, and, and, and one of the biggest ones, that is a word that I've made up as I was kind of riffing with my wife a bunch about all this stuff over the last few years is contempt, retirement. And I know it's a really stupid sounding word. But it's like, you know, when you start asked me why it just you open up this huge box full of questions. And, and I keep hearing people saying, you know, the, I can't wait to retire. And right, I'm going to work so hard until I retire. And, and once I retire, I'm going to get my pension. You don't get a pension anymore. And guess what, you might not get social security and all this stuff. And then, and then you ask yourself, why am I waiting to retire? And so contempt retirement is about living your life now in a way that gives you some of the benefits of retirement. And then it's back to the whole, the whole idea of, you know, life should be a journey and not just a destination, right? It's a series of moments.

Speaker 2  1:35:45
So I think that Yeah, certainly. And I think with that, too, and I gotta be careful, because we're going to start riffing on this soon. But the drive to it for retirement often reveals a life that's not filled with meaning. So and so if you can, if you can pursue congruence in what you're doing now, then you're not going to I mean, yeah, maybe you want to make some lifestyle changes, but you're not going to want to retire in the in the classic sense of retirement. Yep. So good. I think those are, I think those are two, we could we could take on the two separate podcasts that we could do.

Unknown Speaker  1:36:24
And yeah,

Speaker 1  1:36:32
I think that's a great idea. Matthias, I really do. I think, you know, I love that idea. And I think I think it's important we do it, I really do. Because you want to know, I was thinking about this the other day. And I was like, I love I love the way we're doing this, but coming back and revisiting these conversations, I think will be really powerful. Right? Because they're big, they're big topics. They're not just something you can be like, oh, boom, it's done. Great. You know, and I think, I think for the podcast to really help this out, I think if we don't have some conversations to your point. And Larry, you're just so great about this. But to your point was is going to have some conversations about how an explorer is a little bit deeper, I kind of feel like it's not really kind of what we should be doing. Does that make sense? Oh,

Speaker 2  1:37:24
yeah. You know, one of the things so this is a wow, okay, actually got some more stuff to talk to you about then after the call. I mean, after we wrap it up here. So let's go ahead, and we'll wrap it up. And we'll work on scheduling it, whether we record it right away when we're fresh, and we will probably we made kind of spaces out as we release them. But it might be good to record them all refreshed. So let's, let's wrap it up. And I have these in my notes. So we can come back and kind of have this summary of what what you were talking about later about the subjects, these two. Sure.

Speaker 3  1:38:03
And I'm excited to get down there too. I'm really looking forward to just engaging with the crowd. And I love seeing what what you guys are doing down there. You should be proud of like all that stuff. I don't see that happening near as much or at all and with a park and I kind of wish that for within Park. So I'm looking for ways that I can do that, too. So I hope to learn from you guys a little bit. And I really am excited to get down there and hope everything works out for me to get down on the 20th We consider ourselves fortunate and we we wish the same thing for you too.

Speaker 1  1:38:39
Thanks. I really do. It's, it's been this is Blair it's all of these people just like you. And she's like Matthias and I gotta say, just like, Brad. I mean, there is such magic happening with this group of people. I I always tell everybody, they always almost cry when I say it. But this is such an issue. Interesting. goober, I just, I swear I I've never seen anything like it. And the coolest thing about everybody involved in this is it's technology. It's around technology that's industry agnostic. And so you get all of these brilliant minds that are really good at a lot of things or, or maybe just a couple of things. But there's one common thing and the passion is unrivaled. And it's so cool. It's really a great group. So I'm really glad you're part of it. And thank you so much for taking some time with us. And sometimes I know I'll let you close it, but Blair will follow up on doing a part two. And again, thank you so much for taking some time so late at night Matthias too. I really appreciate both of you for for doing this so late. Thank you.

Speaker 2  1:39:51
My pleasure. Cooper, this has been a fantastic conversation I've loved I love where it's taken us. And I'm curious, do you have any kind of closing? What's your thoughts, your closing comments for listeners before we wrap this up?

Unknown Speaker  1:40:07
Well,

Speaker 3  1:40:10
yeah, I guess two comments. Number one, is don't don't live your life as it like there's a destination right? Live your life like it's a journey and live it from one moment to the next. Don't don't live for kind of that final moment. Right? Because that final moment is just like it truly is your last. So yeah, I think that that's for me that's that's just a big one. And I think that's that's my my closing right? Life is life is meant to be a journey, not a destination.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:45
That's super awesome. I can't I can't think of a better note to see the sun. So cool. Well, thanks for your time. Blair. It's fantastic. So great. You have a great night.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai