Matthias Miller  00:02
Hey, Josh,

Matthias Miller  00:06
not much. How you doing

Josh Thomas  00:10
good, good, all right, so

Josh Thomas  00:20
I know one thing that we really need to dial in is making sure that everybody gets their offer right. Because it's like, that's a big part of it. And this thank you page video, which I created, a I did create, like a little walk through, and then I did a video. We're about we're about ready to to get that out to everyone. But really what it has to do with is explaining your offer in a slightly more detailed tone. And so the

Josh Thomas  01:01
basic premise. And I think you have the like the format in front of you. The basic premise is, hit him with a hook that's going to make them watch more than five seconds. And then from there, you're basically explaining to them that you understand their problem, and then you have a really viable solution for it.

Josh Thomas  01:38
to understand that. Okay, Matthias has a solution to a painful problem, I should probably talk to him.

Josh Thomas  02:12
which is like 12 minutes long, I think, and it basically goes through the same format, but I just I hit him with as much detail as possible, because I'm kind of hitting entrepreneurs in general. But if it's a shed business, I think you can get much more to the point and just talk about shed problems. And they don't need to sit there and watch like, 15 minutes of you explaining, you know what they are doing. And in the shed industry, they're like, Oh, you understand sheds. That's like, better than 99% of the people I talk to, right? So what are like, if you could identify some real painful problems that like they've probably spent money trying to solve and failed at.

Matthias Miller  02:57
So some of the from where I set some of the biggest what are they? What are they? What have they spent money until that there may have been, probably what I'm most aware of is simply a gap in sales and marketing. So maybe they've hired somebody in marketing, they're underwhelmed by the results an agency, something like that. They may have hired some people for sales training, but really don't have any concept of what do you actually need to do to manage a sales team? How do you hold them accountable? How do you keep the fire lit? What are the things that you want to keep your finger in the pool? So,

Josh Thomas  03:57
okay, so they've, they've, they've tried to hire people. They've tried to hire this out, and they've not been able to hire it out successfully.

Matthias Miller  04:07
Well, I don't know if they've hired it out when the sales side, they probably have a they may have a sales team that's just kind of limping along, or they have dealers. I mean, the worst case scenario is they've got dealers who are it's the classic, go sell. I'm going to sell sheds and fireplaces, which means their focus isn't really anywhere.

Josh Thomas  04:35
Yeah, but earlier you said maybe they've tried a marketing agency or sales training or something like that. It's

Matthias Miller  04:41
possible that they have, I don't know if I've got clear enough picture of it. They may have tried. You know, for the people I'm working with, there's certainly a chance they've spent some money on a CRM, probably some kind of you. Uh, software, maybe even industry specific software, probably only utilizing a fraction of it.

Josh Thomas  05:09
How, what would you say? Could you could you put an an average amount like, would you say that people spend up to $10,000 on this stuff? $1,000 what would you say would be an amount that most people would kind of like your ideal clients anyway, they would nod their head like, yeah, I've dropped that kind of money. And they're kind of and they're kind of pissed about it.

Speaker 1  05:42
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  05:45
well on software tools. I mean, I have a client who's paying for HubSpot, sales, marketing, contact, add on and ops add on and probably spending about they're not using marketing or ops at all. So they're spending about 30 grand a year on software that they don't even use 30 or 40 grand on software that's on the discounted rates.

Matthias Miller  06:12
I don't know about sales training. I feel like, I feel like the media buying in this industry. So maybe they spent 2030 grand on a website that's pot. That's possible. But media buying is, has been, has become so commoditized, and there are some lead gen companies in the space where they're managing accounts for 1000 $1,500 a month with no, no additional, like, no percentage of ad spend. So that's become really commoditized.

Josh Thomas  06:48
How much do you charge for your service?

Matthias Miller  06:51
So I don't have any specific services lined up for media buying. I was planning to come in at similar pricing.

Josh Thomas  07:04
What's your differentiator?

Matthias Miller  07:07
My key differentiator is, I don't know that there's a key. Well, the key to differentiator really comes down to the fact I'm coming in. I'm wanting to come in with a discovery, a 360 degree discovery, which touches finance, operations, logistics, sales, marketing, and so one of the things that I'm willing to do is not position myself as an agency and and part of this is all right. So like

Matthias Miller  07:54
most of most of what I've been able to do has basically been selling people in high end consulting and being pretty high touch with their team and just doing whatever needs to be done for myself. What I'm wanting to do is go in with discoveries, streamline the discovery process, and then just see what emerges. I'm almost certain there's going to be some, you know, there's probably going to be some SAS add ons

Matthias Miller  08:19
like HubSpot or GHL ads that I can upsell mine. There might be other, you know, industry integrations into integrate between HubSpot, industry software, some things like that. I'm also looking at, so from the from the discovery and maybe need to be called something else, like a road map or a blueprint, but simply doing doing coaching and consulting for the sake of accountability and support, so just holding their feet to the fire and saying, Are you going to execute the next thing? Because it's really not about information, it's about execution, and then me being available to kind of clear roadblocks along the way, but the exact offer of what this is going to be on the other end isn't, isn't completely clear to me yet.

Josh Thomas  09:12
Okay, that's all right,

Josh Thomas  09:16
but what we can do is we can come up with a kind of a placeholder, if you will. Because regardless of what you actually offer, you can, you're basically saying the same things. What you offer on the back end can can change, but their problems are the same, right? And so let's talk about, let me, let me, let me. Give you a one pass at this. If, if you've invested more than $1,000 one. In sales, marketing or operations help in the last 12 months. Here's what you need to know. There are usually, you're usually nine times out of 10, a consultant is going to come in and treat your symptoms. My arm hurts. Here's something for your arm pain, but what they typically miss because they don't go deep enough, is the root of the problem. For instance, my arm hurts. Well, it might be arm pain, but if I ask enough questions, we find out you're about to have a

Unknown Speaker  10:35
stroke, right? And

Josh Thomas  10:37
that's the idea, right? So and so in order to maximize the investments that you make in sales, marketing and operations, you need to know first, what you're even looking for. It's not your fault. You're busy running your shed business. You know how to build a shed. You know how to run a team. You're not expected to be an expert in sales, marketing and operations. So here's your shortcut, so that you can hack your way and become a Yoda of all these things with with no time and no effort. Fast and easy. Download my free 123, guide that covers, actually, there's five components, sales, marketing, operations, logistics and finance, and find the key lever that turns the biggest door for each of these components so that you can make your marketing dollars go further. You can make your sales team produce more profit, and your operations can run in a more streamlined way. Go to abc.com to download this free report right now, or one of the best ways to do that is, you know, there is there is no, there is no unfortunately, there is no cookie cutter way to get your business to the next level. It requires personal touch. It requires a custom plan. Book a call with me. My name is Matthias. I've been building sheds systems for 20 years. I'm inviting you to book a 20 minute planning call with me where I will map out your entire custom plan for you, so that you can take this and run with it and know exactly what you need to do and how you need to invest your time, energy and resources in sales, marketing and operations for the next 12 months. No charge book the call. I'll build out the plan for you, and then I'll also show you some options of what it might look like if you want some help, looking forward to talking to you soon. And then that way, you have now preserved your positioning to offer whatever the heck you want on the back end, but you're addressing the problems that you know they have and the pain points you know they're experiencing. The one thing that I if I were to take a second pass at this, the one thing that I didn't do is I would add on some tangible benefits. For instance, one of my clients was lost and broken and busted and crying in the corner, and we turned some of these around, and he was able to double his business in six months. One of our clients was able to boost his sales by 30% in 30 days. One of our clients was able to fire and reduce his staff by 50% because he realized that he was he had hired 10 people when he only needed five. And all this translate and then and then, like translate for them. What that means all of this translates to more profits,

Josh Thomas  14:03
less expenses,

Josh Thomas  14:05
less stress, so that you can go and spend more time with your family, and if you ever want to, you know, step away from this and extract yourself from this business. Now you have money making machine that operates whether you're there or not, right? So yeah, and, and really, that's, that's what I think you need to get across. And I think that you can, I can get you this recording, and we can get you a transcript of the recording too, but take that idea and just craft it into a three to five minute like just looking right at the camera and saying, this is, this is what I do, and this is why you, this is why it's important to you. But I will say the way that you get their attention is if, if. You deal with common problem. Here's what you need to know. You're not alone. There's other people dealing with this problem. This is this is the reason that you're dealing with this problem, and why it's not your fault. Now you can introduce yourself. My name is Matthias Miller, and I'm a mega shed Pro. Here's what I've learned in my 20 years of experience. It comes down to smolf, sales, marketing, operations, logistics, finance. That's how I remembered it, by the way, they just made it up that's awful, or, or, or you can do floms And and, and particularly sales, marketing operations. You know it's like five things. Is a lot to remember, right? So there's five, there's five components to optimizing your business, sales, marketing operations, logistics and finance. But particularly right now, most businesses under most businesses under $5 million which is going to be like your target, right? Most businesses under $5 million it comes down to sales, marketing and operations, and so I'm going to focus on those today. And what I want to share with you is, you know, just like I said earlier, like where, if you've ever hired this out and you haven't gotten the results that you wanted. The reason for that is not because you don't know what you're doing, and it's not even because your consultant or your vendor doesn't know what they're doing. It's just because they're treating the symptoms. Only what we do is what we need to do is we need to get to the deeper problem. And that's what the ABC report, the deep dive is all about. We're going to dive deep in sales, marketing and operations in 20 minutes, and I'm going to be able to give you clarity on exactly what you need to do to turn your business from a pain in the ass to cash grabbing machine in 30 days or less, two like three tiny tweaks that you can make right now that will transform your business in less than 30 days. It's a 20 minute call. There's no cost. I will build a custom plan for you, and you can take that and execute it, or I can show you some options of what it looks like for us to do it together and let the call now.

Matthias Miller  17:24
Conceptually, yes,

Matthias Miller  17:33
I'm lost at the we can map out a one year plan in 20 minutes, also lost in the we can have a magic solution within 30 days. Okay,

Josh Thomas  17:50
so the plan,

Josh Thomas  17:54
the plan is going to be this. The plan is, you need to get clear on your sales process. You need to get clear on your marketing process. You need to get clear on your operations process. So here's what like, what it sounds like is you're getting lost in the delivery. Is that? Is that right? Yeah, okay. So would you agree that the message that I just crafted would get somebody to book a call

Matthias Miller  18:25
the yes, if they're not too sophisticated of a buyer, I have questions whether a sophisticated buyer would actually, would actually go for it, but maybe they would,

Josh Thomas  18:40
but yeah, you'd be surprised to get their attention. Even really, really smart guys appreciate it when you don't make them think so much,

Matthias Miller  18:46
right? That's fair,

Josh Thomas  18:49
but it's worth testing, right? If we're if the if the message is off, we just tweak the message, sure, because you already got their attention. That's that's the great thing about what we're doing. Like, if you put this in front of 10 people, and you get nothing. We'll just change it Good deal. And so now you get them on the call. And here's how I would run that call. You've already sold them on the idea that it comes down to sales, marketing operations. Way I would open up this call is, you know, Hey, why are we here? What stood out to you? They may tell you, you know, we're good on sales, we're good on marketing, but, you know, I think we really need help with operations. Great, like half your job's done. If they don't feel like they have a problem with sales and marketing, no reason to prove them wrong. Cool. Let's dive into operations. Tell me a little bit about what you're doing now, and you could probably craft a series of three to five questions. What are you doing right now? How's that working for you? What do you feel is the error or the issue? Running into like, what do you feel is the reason that you're struggling? If you could change one thing, what would you change? Is this a priority for you right now? Those are questions. Like, you could ask those five questions, and then you've got a really, really clear picture of what's going on, what they think's going on, what they think the problem is, what they think the solution is. And then you can combine that against your knowledge and say, Okay, here's what I think. You said. You have this problem. You think the solutions here, and this is what you think you should do next, but you're right about this. But in my experience, that solution that you suggested actually won't work. Here's what you can do instead. And like, big ideas, right? We're all we're doing is we're moving big rocks from one side to the other. We move that big rock and then we get them to say, Ah, I get it. We don't get them to be like, Okay, now give me the exact spreadsheet of all the things I have to do. We just want them to say, Oh, this rock goes over there, ah. And that's all you need at that point, because now you've created value, and now you've demonstrated that you're not like everybody else. At that point you can just flip it into a basic discovery process, like, so do you mind if I just ask you some more questions about your business? Yeah, sure. Go ahead, then you go into your discovery process and then close them down. That's the plan. Like, that's the plan they walk away with. Right? You don't have to deliver them like a 50 page document. The plan is, hey, you identified operations, and here's a way that you can fix your operations, and that's enough. And if they don't, if they're not upfront with that, then what you can knew we can do really easily is say, All right, great, Hey. Why are we here? Oh, well, I liked your video. We got the podcast. You know, had a good time. Great between. So just couple questions for you, real quick, between sales, marketing and operations, which area do you feel like you need the most help? Which area do you feel like is the least optimized? Which area do you feel like creates the most opportunity for you right now, and they'll tell you, and if they can't tell you, then you can ask a couple of clarifying questions, like, all right, well, how's your sales doing right now? How's your marketing doing? How's your operations doing? And then just listen to what they say, and then that way you can feedback Well, based on the three answers you gave me, you sounded way more confident in your sales than any of the others that Found Sound fair. Yeah, right. All you're really doing is helping people navigate through their own self discovery. They'll they'll give you all the information you need to sell, as long as you show up and you're inquisitive and you actually care, which I Believe you do, yep.

Josh Thomas  23:15
How does

Unknown Speaker  23:21
that sit with you?

Matthias Miller  23:35
Okay. Alternate approach, probably thinking too much. The alternate approach could be, which is more along the lines of how I was thinking, which is, everybody's treating symptoms, but the only way you actually get to the root, you don't get to root without actually digging in and finding out what's going on. And as an owner, you know it's like people aren't telling you everything because they want to protect your job, their job. They want to make you look good. They want they want a nice veneer on everything.

Matthias Miller  24:10
And so I would

Matthias Miller  24:12
like to be able to tell you what the perfect answer is, but I can't. If I would, I would be like everybody else. And so here's what I'm going to do instead, or here's how I do it instead. I don't just give you an off the cuff answer. We do an initial engagement, and we dig into every aspect of your business, and we turn over every rock, and we find out what's actually going on, and we find both your blind spots, your team members blind spots. And it's not to throw anybody under the bus. It's just, you can't really get to two questions. Your doctor can't tell you from two questions whether your arm pain is stroke related, it's going to have to do more diagnosis. And that's how we roll, because we go after root causes,

Josh Thomas  24:58
right? Well. Yeah, well, I don't hate that, but that's

Josh Thomas  25:10
that's not up up front. I don't know that that's gonna get you a bunch of calls booked, because they're not convinced that that's a good use of their time. Yet we have to, we have to, we have to

Josh Thomas  25:32
stimulate interest,

Josh Thomas  25:35
right? And telling them that you're going to do a fantastic call doesn't really stimulate a whole lot of interest and that you understand their problem, unless you can talk about some industry specific thing that needs to be diagnosed, then you really get their attention, right? So everything that you said, I would put after everything I said, Yep, and so get them on the call, give them the plan. And then once you give them the plan, and they're like, Okay, that makes sense. That's where you can transition to, like, look, here's the thing. I can address your symptoms all day long, but we only have 20 minutes together. What I think is really going to help your business is to do a deep diagnostic, and what the reason for that is all the things that you said, yeah, and here's what it looks like. And so I don't want to make a you don't have to make some huge commitment, because I know we're just getting to know each other. So rather than, you know, sucking your drive for a five figure investment, we're going to do a I recommend we do a small engagement together. I need to sit down with you for an hour and a half. I need to ask you some questions about your business. I need to look at a couple of documents, and then on the other side of that, I'll be able to deliver you your true diagnosis of, you know, where the weak spots are, where your strengths are, and a clear plan for how you can get where you need to go.

Josh Thomas  27:18
And I think that's perfect. What you just said, Perfect after you've stimulated interest and you've shared a vision, which is what happens on the call, and now you develop, manage that vision into the next thing, and then you deliver them a really great report. And that report is going to say, Well, if you want to work together on this, then that's where you can drop your big ticket thing.

Josh Thomas  27:44
Yep, that's what I would do.

Matthias Miller  27:47
I like it. That makes sense. Yeah. All right, so and I apologize. My notifications weren't turned on. I didn't see your message, so

Josh Thomas  27:53
that's okay. No, no, we worked it out. I mean, I'm meeting that guy later, so I do got a role now, but I can get you this recording, and we can, we can get it transcribed for you, if you'd like. And what I would do is I would just grab the sections that I gave and you can plug them into chat GBT and, you know, like, hey, organize this into into a script for me and and it'll probably be pretty good, and then you can kind of like, tweak it from there. Yeah, sounds good.

Matthias Miller  28:27
And then, yes, that's helpful. And then to get your feedback, is that best by email, messenger seven, another call. What's best?

Josh Thomas  28:34
Yeah, for now, just because it's faster, just shoot it through Messenger, and I can get back to you real fast. All right, and then we're working on putting together, like a Slack channel or something, to where it's just like everything goes to the same place, yeah, so we're still putting it together.

Matthias Miller  28:51
All right, yeah. I mean, if you send over the recording, I can get it transcribed. So okay,

Josh Thomas  28:56
I'll get it over to ASAP. All right, thanks, Josh, here, man, see ya.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai