Unknown Speaker  00:01
I Think

Speaker 1  03:02
howdy My apologies. I went to the gym this morning and got back and took a shower, got dressed, sat down to a nice cup of coffee, and my phone goes, you have a meeting in 10 minutes. Oh, crap. Well,

Matthias Miller  03:22
if it helps, Jenny, I you know, this morning, 530 Bing rolled out last night for us. Problem, so it actually worked out quite well for me. So Oh

Speaker 1  03:45
my, well, good. And then I think I hit every single red light on the way to work into the office and every single school bus, and it normally can, you can get from my house to the office in 12 minutes, and I left like, five minutes before eight. Like, seriously,

Matthias Miller  04:11
it's, it's crazy seeing, well, yeah, from from our old house to Florence was 10 minutes. I mean, from our old house downtown to can downtown Canyon 10 minutes. It's just like 10 minutes everywhere, just because of lights

Speaker 1  04:33
All righty. Let's get into this. See if, see if we can, see if we can nail payoffs to the wall. I

Matthias Miller  04:55
Okay, so I did see a little bit so. Okay, am I thinking right? As far as UI, basically, what we're looking to do is saying, I want to pay this thing off, and it's just going to show you, you're going to choose, maybe what you do with security deposit. But it's just going to be on that. It's just going to tell you what's happening, just to break down of the payoff?

Speaker 1  05:23
Yeah, well, I mean yes and and simultaneously, like, it can't be 100% locked out. So in other words, you, you should be able to, let's say, Forgive late fees when you're paying off or you should be or not necessarily forgive, but you should be able to guess, you can't say defer them. Well, okay, there is some workflow things around that you should be able to close out it for less than what the EPO is calculated for. I mean, because there's, again, it's, it's around this whole entire thing of, you know, EPO sets 1000 bucks, but, you know, we've been working with you and working with you and working with you and working with you and and so, look, look, if you give me $900 today, we'll just call this done. We'll just be done. Yeah, that kind of thing. Now, I mean, you know, when I said, you know, be able to to the whole thing with late fees and how we're storing late fees, it may be a little bit tricky, because what, ideally, what I would love to say is that if you're closing on an account and there's late fees left, no, that's not necessarily true. Maybe it is your maybe you're closing the account and you want to leave those late fees on on the account, but then the account would technically should still be open, right? So really you should remove them from the well, okay, okay, here's the deal. If you decide to not pay the late fees at the at the early payoff, then you really should go over there and delete them after you're done, or delete them before you go and do the early cash payoff, you know. So I don't think that's a sticking point. Okay. You should be allowed to edit them at override them at the time of payoff and deal with them, you know, later. But

Matthias Miller  07:20
then you can't, but then you can't close it out.

Speaker 1  07:25
So then, so then the question is, can we just give them a if you if you're paying off, and you say, Nope, we don't want to. We don't want to charge these late fees as we're paying off. Is there a way we just prompt them and say, well, one, well, do we do we prompt them and say, first, go, delete your delete your late fees if you're not paying them. Or do we just say, this will automatically close the account and delete the late fees that are on the account, and it just happens automatically if you decide to do it that way, I almost want to be a little obnoxious and make you go over there and fix it before you do the payoff. I mean,

Matthias Miller  08:08
it goes a little bit to a permissions thing. Do you want regular old Joe Schmo to say, Oh, you got $200 to leave whatever?

Speaker 1  08:31
Okay, so here's the deal, whatever. I guess it doesn't really matter if you're closing out the account and you say, Look, I'll close it for that minus late fees. Well, fine, you close it in if you're going to, if you're going to intake the money as late fees, rather than intake the money as closing out as rent. Well, that's your choice, I guess. Otherwise, go over to the account, remove the late fee, then go charge, finish closing out your account. So the only, thing that should be editable at the point of payoff should be, what the just the just the total, the calculations for it should be uneditable. You can say like, in other words, you can have a whole breakdown. Okay, here's here's how much uh EPO is, here's how much taxes, here's how much any late fees are on the account. Here's this, this, this that, like all the stuff that may potentially be there, and here's the total. The only thing that's editable is the total. You can say, I can close it for less than that, but it's going to pay all of that stuff first, and and, and the the shortfall would come out of the rent. Would have to come out of the rent.

Unknown Speaker  09:52
Are you tracking with me?

Matthias Miller  09:54
Yeah, I mean, again, it feels to me like equity had to build software. Is this going to be I think it's reasonable,

Speaker 1  10:09
or Okay, or the other way to go about this is to say the other way to go about this is when you click, pay off. Hang on a second. I want to know something before I before I say this, I want to know something. Is it editable? I think the dollar value is editable when you pay off in in here. Let me find out. It might not be the cleanest way was be like you want to pay off. Well, this is what you have to pay it off. Pay it off if you're going to do anything before that, you gotta go set it up before that, right? But let me just, let me just look. I

Unknown Speaker  11:09
six points. I'm

Speaker 1  11:45
okay, contract, close, close. We're going to do early cash payoff. Yeah, you can. So you can edit at the time of payoff. Wait a minute. Let me find a cut. Let me find somebody who's past due. Okay, nope. You don't have any late fees. I need someone with late fees.

Speaker 1  12:21
I was so hacked off yesterday at RTO pro because I wanted to go very simply and and say, show me all accounts that have purchase reserves on them. And well, first off, there is no report in his system for show me all accounts that have purchased reserves in them. That's the first thing and secondary thing. So then I had to go start digging through SQL fields to figure out, okay, what is the Okay, here we go. What is the what's the field name for it? I thought I had the right field name. Then I'm writing SQL code. And SQL code, stupid and well that okay, in fairness, since I have, since I have worked in assist language, I understand SQL now way better than I use like, it's almost like, it's just like a natural, oh, go look back. Oh, okay, I don't know exactly what's going on over there. Now it's very it's very simple to understand. Now, I don't like the way they do stuff, but it's very easy to understand now, but, but it's like he has no ability to say, Okay, I want, I can go look up an account. I want that field right there. Well, that this, like, he gives you this SQL writer that is like a drop down of a whole bunch of fields, and you're just guessing. Sometimes you pick the one that seems like it might be right, and then, you know, you know, give me that field. You know that anything that's, you know, greater or less than than zero, and, oh, Nope, that didn't return anything. So go try another field. And then it's anyway. Rant over. Okay, the only thing editable at the point of payoff in RTO Pro, it will break down the payoff amount, okay, if you go back to your you go back to signal, and let's, I don't care, use any one of those of the screen where we're paying off, actually probably the first three that I sent to you. Okay, so it'll show you this will close out the this contract as paid out, early payoff amount, 34, 5216, previous other charges due zero. Like all of those fields up there are not editable. Only the ones that are that are yellow are editable,

Matthias Miller  14:44
positive balance in the total.

Speaker 1  14:46
So you can edit the total. And I presume that, and this is what I don't know, is like, okay, so if I said. So if I close, if I change the dollar value, amount, payoff, amount, with discount, if I change that dollar value, I don't know where he short, like Does, does late fees get paid in full? Does? Yeah, I don't. I don't know where the shortfall goes well

Matthias Miller  15:22
rent. You're not pushing into accounting. It doesn't matter,

Speaker 1  15:25
right? But I mean we, it does for us, does for us. So I think it unless you instinctively what I want to say, and I think I think this is right, argue with me if you think I'm wrong is that, if you change the total, if we calculate the EPO with late fees and all that, all the stuff, and you change the end total, the shortfall goes against rent. In other words, we're going to pay other fees in full. We're going to pay late fees in full, and the shortfall goes in the rent,

Matthias Miller  16:13
I would almost rather do.

Matthias Miller  16:26
Are we sure? Are you familiar with the idea between the write off reasons in assist

Unknown Speaker  16:35
Say that again. Are you

Matthias Miller  16:37
familiar with the write off reasons that we had on sales orders. We change them to payment methods. But,

Speaker 1  16:43
yeah, I mean, you mean the way that you set them up? Yeah, I've never seen like Drew has always set them up. I've never actually been a part of setting them

Matthias Miller  16:54
up. We're not using them anymore. We're now using payment payment methods. Are you sure we don't want something like for accounting purposes, basically have a write off that you can add to any given payment to say we are paying, we are paying this fee, but we are writing off for this reason.

Speaker 1  17:21
So in other words, okay, I'm gonna, I'm gonna translate this into my out of my own brain, and you tell me. So if you were okay, so Okay, here's how you would do it. So we would give you all on editable fields, and then there would be an override button. If you put the oh, if you input the override button, then the dollar value, and you need to assign the Overwrite to wherever, whatever you're assigning it to,

Matthias Miller  17:45
yeah, or, and I don't know if we need multiple override types

Speaker 1  17:48
well, but basically, but basically you would be, you would have a number of different write Off types there, or charge off or write offs, yeah. Basically, you would have a number of of things in a drop list there that you are that would specify how you're writing this off. I'm writing this off against late fees, or I'm lighting writing this off against rent. Yes, and

Matthias Miller  18:14
here's why. Reason number one, I want to know that Sally, Sally over here is, is, you know, writes off an average of two, you know, point 7% of her contracts. And Mary Jane over here is only point 1% of her contracts, all right. Sally, Joe, what's going on? Or, Sally, what's going on.

Speaker 1  18:36
But it's no, but it's, it is an account. It is an accounting issue, because, in theory, accounts receivable would say, you know this account shows, you know there's a there's an outstanding balance on this account when closing it out. And so in order to make your your books balance, you're going to have to write it

Matthias Miller  18:56
off. Yes, you will. And and also, when you pull up your income statement, I want to be able to see potentially, as an expense line item, what were the write offs? What is and like,

Speaker 1  19:09
yeah, okay, but how would you then handle let's say, for example, I want to write off multiple different things at the same time. I want to write off some rent, I want to write off some late fees. I want to write off some other fees. And well, couldn't

Matthias Miller  19:25
we, basically, I wonder if we could put this in a table and have some of these options be here.

Speaker 1  19:35
In other words, if you hit override, then these things all go out in a table with with with actual values, and override values, and it the same list or the same breakdown goes over in the table, and then you can specify each category and how much you're writing off in each category. Yes,

Matthias Miller  19:51
what I'm thinking is that fundamentally, then on the accounting settings, you would just do a mapping of, hold

Unknown Speaker  19:59
on. I can't hear a word. Heard you're saying,

Matthias Miller  20:03
You Is it me? It's you. You are the Oh, somebody over there.

Speaker 1  20:12
You know, it's eight o'clock in the morning. Can we just, like, be as noisy as possible? Good. Yeah, it's just

Matthias Miller  20:22
okay. Go ahead. From an accounting perspective on the accounting company, you would basically have say, what for rental fees, what revenue account, and what's the write off expense account, late fees, what's the revenue account, what's the write off expense account? And debt forgiveness is a form of a write off, and I don't know if you want, if you want further reasons than that,

Speaker 1  20:48
but no, I like this. I like this idea. I actually do. I like the idea. So we're saying, if you click the override button, we're going to pop open a table, and we're going to give you all the all the line items. And each line item you can have it you have an override column, and you punch in your dollar that you're overriding. And you you specify the override category, I

Matthias Miller  21:10
think it would just be back rent do. I don't

Matthias Miller  21:17
know. We have to think through the specifics of it all.

Speaker 1  21:19
Actually close this one and go to go to one of the other images I have. This is the calculator. So

Matthias Miller  21:28
you want the not calculator, okay, well, I want to be,

Unknown Speaker  21:30
let's, let's look at this as as the There you go. The

Matthias Miller  21:39
calculator is just the left part

Speaker 1  21:41
Exactly. Got it. So really, there's, there's a couple categories. It would be the EPO. What is the the EPO that we're that we're calculating, any back rent, any late fees, any other fees,

Matthias Miller  22:05
right? And

Speaker 1  22:06
so those would be, those would be the four categories of information. And if you just pop them all out in the table with an override column, and, okay, how much are you overriding for the the EPO? Okay, well, give it a categorization, you know, and and so on and so forth. And for that matter, would you even, would you even have, I guess, would you what's the write off? Would would it be like? Because that would be pretty much locked in, like, if you're going to write something off, we know what account it needs to go get written off against? I think so. Or it would there be? Would there? What would be the reason where you would want to drop down and write it off against something else? Well,

Matthias Miller  22:58
we only need to handle 95% of scenarios. And if accounting really needs to handle the last or 98% of scenarios handle the last one to 2% that's what journal entries are for. I mean, that's, that's what the water for journal entries. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  23:11
yeah.

Matthias Miller  23:16
And really, at some point, I just don't think it matters, just from a

Unknown Speaker  23:20
Right, right.

Matthias Miller  23:24
So let's, do we want to start specking out? Then, what does the EPO? What does our EPO table look like?

Unknown Speaker  23:41
Do you just, you mean, the calculator,

Matthias Miller  23:46
do we literally just copy this? I mean, I think

Unknown Speaker  23:48
we could do it a little bit more elegantly.

Matthias Miller  24:01
So you see I was trying to find the

Speaker 1  24:06
this guy. I mean, because when I when I look at that calculator, it's like my eyes want to cross.

Speaker 1  24:25
And some of it, I know, is just formatting. I mean, the formatting on it is terrible.

Matthias Miller  24:31
So here's, I think the math, still maths, but it doesn't make sense to you. Well, the

Speaker 1  24:40
only thing that doesn't make sense to me is this whole thing where you're breaking it apart between full rent or value from starter contract and value from tomorrow. That That part I I'm not wrapping my head around if it makes sense to you, and like I don't, I don't know how you're planning to. Represent that. And maybe it's just, maybe it's literally just under the hood calculations you're talking about. Okay,

Matthias Miller  25:06
the way I'm thinking about it is very, very, very, very simplistic. I think of I am, I am hillbilly Henry, and I have a building sitting on my in the Ozarks, and I come to you and I say, all right, how does this early pay off thing work? Well, here's how it works. Every day it's sitting on your on your building, you're paying us a rental fee. Early payoff we take is just a percentage of the if you pay it off now you're not going to be renting it from us anymore. So we, we pay the end through the end of the of the we give you a discount through the end of the contract. And so really it's, there is a, there is a, in my mind, an early payoff is I'm no longer renting and so there's a daily rate that you pay every day that you're renting it. There's a discounted rate for every day that you that you're not going to be renting it. You

Speaker 1  26:26
Uh, okay, but okay, I think I understand what you're saying. But would it it you are saying the exact same thing if you say here was your contract total, here was the total amount of rent that you paid, here's your balance, and now here's your discount, and that's the final number.

Matthias Miller  26:53
Yeah, yes. So let's do, okay, so here is your contract total amount paid, contract balance.

Speaker 1  27:07
Okay, actually, actually, I think, I think, Okay, this is actually a little bit, I think this is, I've done stuff like this before. Um, so let's, for the sake of a calculation.

Unknown Speaker  27:20
Um, if

Speaker 1  27:23
we said we have a $5,000 building slap, $5,000 somewhere, cash price,

Matthias Miller  27:32
cash price, or contract total,

Speaker 1  27:34
cash price, $5,000 right? Okay, and we're going to call this a 36 month contract, for the sake of this, of this argument, 36 so divide.

Unknown Speaker  27:50
So divide. Figure out what the payment is. Well, yeah, is that? What it is? 5000 divided by by 21.6,

Matthias Miller  27:58
yep. Oh, I'm sorry. No, no, by how much 21.6

Speaker 1  28:02
21 points what? I'm confused 21 six or 21 five, I forget. 36 times point six. Zero, 21.6 Yeah, 21.6 Yeah. So 231 Okay, so let's take 60% of 231 and so now we're gonna make a column. We're gonna make two columns below that, 231 times 60%

Matthias Miller  28:31
shoot, okay,

Speaker 1  28:38
so this is the and so that's the amount that goes to the cash price every single time, and when paying off the building towards the cash price. And then the secondary column right beside that is 231, times point four zero, which is the rental fees that go into that contract every single time. The two of those numbers should together, should equal 231, 48 so I've done this before where I literally make 36 rows, and I do 138, 89 all the way down, and 9259 all the way down. And it's like, okay, there's all my there's all my cash numbers going to my contract, there's all my there's all my rental fees. And so when you get to payoff point, you just literally erase the rental fees going down. It's like, and that's it. I think that's what you're saying. Every single time that I've gone, we've gone around this thing. Yeah, that's what you're saying. Pardon my, my slowness. Then I just need my just I need a morning fresh brain, perfect. So delete all that now.

Matthias Miller  29:39
Okay, so, I mean, in my mind, but if nobody thinks that way, then nobody thinks that way in my mind. That's just a simple way to think about it. Like, all right, you got the cash price percentage that's always going through the end, and then the rental fee, and, like, where does that thing start and stop? Like, um.

Unknown Speaker  30:05
Okay, you we were, you were trying to work out a table.

Matthias Miller  30:09
Okay, so, I mean, so then the other contract balance, then you have past due. Rent equals this, you know, let's do I don't, I don't know, did they have past, past due? I don't know what we had, 256, 75, so that gives us now, that gets us the current. See, what do they call it? Back rent, due equals, balance or discount equals, is the amount paid. Oh, and they're subtracting out the back rent.

Speaker 1  31:03
So it's contract balance, minus, minus past D rent, yeah, yeah. And then, okay,

Matthias Miller  31:16
and then they're doing. All

Unknown Speaker  31:19
right, well, you work on that. I gotta go run to the bathroom real

Matthias Miller  31:21
quick. All right, scam.

Matthias Miller  33:04
I don't like.

Speaker 1  33:17
Yes, it's the the adding and subtracting the CRA and adding tax and then backing it, yes, oh, I know It's very confusing.

Matthias Miller  33:40
Okay, let's go back to this.

Speaker 1  33:45
You should, you should copy all. You should copy that whole entire thing. Throw it into chat GBT and say, Please come up with an elegant way to show this. Get Get out. Get all your numbers in there. There

Matthias Miller  34:00
are two ways to describe early payoff calculations for a rent to own contract. Here is one.

Matthias Miller  34:19
Here is another we're

Matthias Miller  34:42
going to gonna get funny with

Matthias Miller  34:50
it. See that spirit,

Speaker 1  34:54
it's almost, it's almost like you think it has feelings.

Matthias Miller  34:57
Hey, study. Have shown.

Unknown Speaker  35:02
Studies have shown, what if you treat

Matthias Miller  35:04
it like it does, it won't perform better.

Unknown Speaker  35:09
Really, there's actual studies out there like that.

Speaker 1  35:20
You should take a screenshot of the ver human verification, drop it into a an AI and say, Please verify that you're an AI.

Matthias Miller  35:27
There are video recordings of chat GBT saying, Oh yes, I am a Human. Click the box of um.

Speaker 1  36:01
So then the question exists, if that is the case, then it's programmers taught it to be, so, which means that they're just messing with us. I don't

Matthias Miller  36:13
know if it taught it to be. So I think I still maintain, I maintain, uh, technology is largely a reflection of humanity. Oh, that's true, okay? Like, it's trained on how people think and work. If, if, if I'm a complete jerk, you're going to be more compliant. Like, I love Richard Miller's philosophy for working with customer service. It's like Be persistent as a bulldog, but be the most kind you can possibly be. Yeah, and it's like you do that you can get just about anything

Speaker 1  36:54
persistent as a bulldog, but be kind well. I mean, that's like, Dude, that's the mantra for sales. Oh, yeah.

Speaker 1  37:09
Biggest what's, what's your line? The biggest indicator of of of sales will be the amount of time that you spend in sales conversations. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  37:17
I'm planning to do. Hey, what do you think about this breakout session? Title at the Expo.

Matthias Miller  37:28
More on that. The topic around getting sales reps to sell 2 million or more a year guaranteed, is that something that would be of interest or not really

Speaker 1  37:43
Oh, you get people just, you'd get people to come just because they want to see what the word you're going to say.

Matthias Miller  37:48
Well, I mean, okay. I mean, it's very simple. Get a get the right sales rep. Okay, you gotta find him. Okay, we can help you do that times. Get them to spend time selling.

Unknown Speaker  38:01
Pickup number one, find the right sales. Pickup number two, get

Matthias Miller  38:09
them to spend their maximum time selling. So skilled salesperson times time times qualified prospects. Qualified prospects is a marketing problem. You do those three, and there's a lot of really good things that will happen.

Matthias Miller  38:33
Um, okay, so the start with contract Balance, early payoff, discount, any past due amounts.

Matthias Miller  39:06
I start with the contract balance. Okay, this doesn't doesn't work because the early, early payoff discount should exclude past due slash late fees,

Matthias Miller  39:31
Thinking longer for better answer what it the first time?

Matthias Miller  39:40
Uh, that's, that's where to me,

Matthias Miller  39:55
if you were to go with something more like. Um so

Unknown Speaker  42:39
I love When grok like, says one word and then just stops and then just sits there and waits like, can you finish your sentence?

Matthias Miller  43:05
Does this make any sense, or is this just super confusing?

Unknown Speaker  43:18
What is future

Matthias Miller  43:19
rentals? This is going between the two.

Matthias Miller  43:32
Okay, it's confusing.

Matthias Miller  43:40
Uh, discount balance, okay, what if we did it like this? Do people care about what the discount base is.

Unknown Speaker  44:04
Discount base with the discount base

Matthias Miller  44:09
be how, how we come up with that number?

Speaker 1  44:14
Yeah, I mean, yeah. Okay, this, this is a two part thing. One, it's for a customer service rep when on the phone breaking down information for a customer as they're paying off. Two, it would be really nice for that that information be very understandable to the point where, when we, if we just straight up sent it to a customer and their customers like, Oh, I see what's going on, and

Matthias Miller  44:42
you don't want to do anything like give them an effective date.

Unknown Speaker  44:50
What would the effective date help? It

Matthias Miller  44:54
would be an easy way to say. I want to back date. I want to give you a free months. I want to give you a early path. Apparently, I do think about this wildly differently than everybody else. I

Matthias Miller  45:30
Okay, well, let's try simplifying this further. Go back up here in a contract total,

Matthias Miller  45:55
am I right though that

Speaker 1  46:54
though, in fairness, grok is failing drastically, too, yeah, if that's any if that's any comfort,

Matthias Miller  47:08
let's do this.

Speaker 1  47:18
No grok, it does not have garbled text. You're just An idiot.

Unknown Speaker  47:48
A gram

Speaker 1  49:07
you know, I'm gonna, I'm gonna drop something to you here very shortly. So as I email it to myself, I know that sounds funny, the way that he breaks out this in kind of a statement is actually a little bit more understandable. I think I

Matthias Miller  49:44
I also wondered if having a subtotal tax and total would help with here, because then on the CRA we could just say 5000 this and.

Unknown Speaker  50:42
All right? I dropped that to you in signal. Have a peek at that.

Matthias Miller  50:46
Okay, I'm actually kind of happy with this, but You could shoot holes in it.

Unknown Speaker  51:27
I have the

Matthias Miller  51:56
was this different?

Speaker 1  51:58
It's it's not, it's just that he, in the statement, he gives you more information about, you know, due date, like due dates, when this started, and so on and so forth, right? So it's just embodying some of this in, in, in that, I think is would be helpful. Like he has agreement data there, nine, nine to 22 current due date, 731, 25, you know, regular pay like it's, it's information, it's information there that, well, it's all like you have to, you have to think about this as the worst possible scenario where customers calling in Mad wants to pay off their building, but they don't understand the payoff, and putting as much information about these calculations into the customer service reps hands while simultaneously having it be understandable, easily understandable, if you will. In other words, the math needs to be about second grade level.

Matthias Miller  53:07
Let me, let me see if I can. Can I walk you through this? Okay, all right, so we have three columns now, subtotal, tax and total.

Unknown Speaker  53:16
Subtotal, tax and total.

Matthias Miller  53:17
Okay, so we start by saying, What's your past due rent?

Unknown Speaker  53:22
Why do you have a minus sign in front of it?

Matthias Miller  53:26
Because I wanted to make you ask questions, make sure you're engaged. I'm like a teacher who's very skilled at teaching. I copy and paste it, which so total unpaid rent is 406, 30, okay, and this almost needs to live by itself. And I don't know where to put it. I just, I don't want to repeat it. Now you have the contract total, the amount paid, and the contract balance.

Speaker 1  53:52
I just put a, put a here, hang on, put dotted lines in between the two sections. I uh, all the way across, and then that way people understand it's a second, a secondary section. I think actually, I'm

Matthias Miller  54:09
going to try something here, because I believe in copy and paste. I believe we could actually do something like this, and it could work, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  54:19
because that's kind of how He has it in there.

Matthias Miller  54:23
Okay, so now we have

Matthias Miller  54:43
Okay, so now we have contract total minus amount paid, which is the balance. Here's the balance. Yep, contract balance, yep. Then we take the past due amount and the current rent. Okay, take it off. Yep, times the disc. Discount, and that gives us the discount balance. Okay, okay, then we take the the rental portion. Well,

Speaker 1  55:10
just, just, just call that, well, okay, whatever we'll get into terms like we keep going, so

Matthias Miller  55:15
now we have the rental balance. Well, or maybe we don't even really necessarily need this.

Speaker 1  55:23
So the last part there should be late fees, processing fees, no damage, paper fees would not be here on a payoff

Matthias Miller  55:30
if they're overdue. Sure, sure. I mean, it's current slash overdue, okay,

Speaker 1  55:45
but when you you would also add your past your rent and current rent back here as well.

Matthias Miller  55:53
No, because you're taking out of the contract. Then you say, Here, let's do this. No one will tell you why it's simpler not to

Matthias Miller  56:17
the rental balance is just contract balance minus discount.

Unknown Speaker  56:40
Okay, not 100% tracking, but

Matthias Miller  56:47
okay, let me fix this. Okay, so, yeah, we get the contract balance. You get how we get to discount dollars?

Speaker 1  56:54
Oh, because Hold on a second. You have a CRA in here. We'll get to the CRA. Okay, keep going.

Matthias Miller  57:00
We have a discount. You get how we're getting to the discount dollars,

Unknown Speaker  57:05
okay, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, I get that. Do you

Matthias Miller  57:08
understand how we're getting to the rent? I mean the rental balance, then is just contract minus your discount, like the balance minus the discount.

Unknown Speaker  57:20
Okay? The $9,902.54

Matthias Miller  57:27
where does that dumb number? But,

Speaker 1  57:29
no, no. But, I mean, let's, let's make sure that's real numbers so that this whole thing, Matt, it's a real number, though, because you're mapping off of it, right? I am mapping off of it. But okay, so what was the actual cash price of this building?

Matthias Miller  57:42
I don't know, 9900

Unknown Speaker  57:44
No, no, it would be 9900

Matthias Miller  57:50
Okay, let's, okay, let's, let's do this. Yes, yes, I get where you're going. Okay, so let's, let's do the, let's do the up here. We're going to do our little building calculus calculator. So we have the cash price, $10,000 we have the terms 36 the contract. The monthly payment is round. This divided by 21.6 correct. And then the well make it two

Speaker 1  58:22
decimal points. What? Decimal points. It's because it's being lazy. Oh, gotcha. All

Matthias Miller  58:29
right. That's the contract value. So then we're going to pull the contract value from up here, and then how much do you want

Speaker 1  58:36
them to but you're specking for a CRA then. So let's, let's, let's slide everything down a little bit further and and let's add CRA in yet. So, and then let's calculate the CRA. Let's, let's do a, let's do a real out calculation on this. Okay, join me. Join me to get a one with a CRA. Sure. Go ahead. Go ahead. You're good. What you were doing was fine.

Matthias Miller  59:08
10,000 it's not shippable. Let's

Unknown Speaker  59:12
say seven for 7% tax divisor, 21.6 fine, $4.50 and 4050 cents.

Matthias Miller  59:27
$1,000 CRA, uh,

Unknown Speaker  59:29
no, do 4000 so it's bigger

Matthias Miller  59:36
by cash received. So we have Okay, so I want to make sure I have these tax numbers in here as well.

Matthias Miller  59:51
Okay, so the cash price, we said, was $10,000 terms were 36 so. Then we have financing base, monthly subtotal, monthly payment is this and then this? Why is it not showing monthly dwf?

Speaker 1  1:00:18
Did you click Include? Yeah. Is your report broken? Looks that way?

Matthias Miller  1:00:25
Okay. So then we have the total not including, this is not including dwf, which doesn't really matter in for our circumstances contract value. Then,

Speaker 1  1:00:42
yeah. So the out of the 4000 that is the CRA back there that you saw CRA 4000 Yeah. But the the act, the calculated CRA, then, is lower than that, right?

Matthias Miller  1:00:55
It's like this here. It's, oh, the calculated CRA, this is the calculated CRA

Speaker 1  1:01:05
bingo, bingo, yeah, with the with the payment coming out of it,

Matthias Miller  1:01:09
right? And then this becomes, this is actually this, yep. And tax is 7% and so this is

Matthias Miller  1:01:31
okay, so I'll make these pretty colors. Okay. Are you happy now?

Speaker 1  1:01:37
Okay, contract total. Now, down here. Okay, yeah, there you go. Is

Matthias Miller  1:01:42
this times this? Right, got it? Okay, so then this contract total is now this, and how much do you want to say that they've paid?

Speaker 1  1:01:55
Oh, okay, so let's say they paid eight months.

Matthias Miller  1:02:03
Is eight times 312, 72 well, except we're off to the subtotal, so it's not tax, the non tax column, so they paid this much.

Speaker 1  1:02:20
What's the 2046, oh, that's tax. Never mind. Okay, keep on.

Matthias Miller  1:02:23
I mean, if we want to do this, it's like that. But anyway, okay, so now the contract balance is eight Okay, so contract total was 10,000 they paid 2000 contract balance is 8000 got it, yep, and we they, they are, let's say they're two months due, two months overdue, $10

Unknown Speaker  1:02:41
a piece,

Matthias Miller  1:02:42
unless they have one monthly payment coming up.

Speaker 1  1:02:46
Well, is it due? Or is it, is it currently due?

Matthias Miller  1:02:52
Okay, the way that his numbers appear to look, I don't know how you want to do this, because you're you're just, does your discount start as of your last due date, or does it start as of today? Or does it start as of your next due date? That's the question.

Speaker 1  1:03:14
Okay, remember, RTO is always paying the future, so if, if it's due today, then we're No, right? So RTO is always paying the future, so if you're not, if you're in that portion of that future, hence the reason we stack by the day for every day that you're past the due date. But we wouldn't, we wouldn't, we wouldn't include the rest of like, the rest of that month in the future that we haven't rolled into yet, and we're not paying into that month because we're not going to rent it for that. We're paying

Matthias Miller  1:04:00
it off. So if you're late on anything, okay, but if you're so

Speaker 1  1:04:05
to me, I would my way of representing this would not, instinctively, I want to say it is. It's not past due rent, it's not current rent, it's just rent that is due. In other words, you have this is due, like it, so, so Okay, call it No. Call it. It's just past due rent. Is all that it is, if you're, if you're five days past your due date, well, those five days are past due rent. You

Matthias Miller  1:04:49
okay now, so this is past due rent, so what we're saying is.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:05
All right, so if you're so,

Matthias Miller  1:05:12
you might not have so if, and this even works on a floating period, like if they have Yep, and even on a fixed period, yep to iterate,

Speaker 1  1:05:21
to iterate, to reiterate. Sorry, I think that's right, whatever

Matthias Miller  1:05:26
reiterated your iterate.

Speaker 1  1:05:30
If my due date was on August the 15th, and today is the 22nd I am seven days past due, right? Yep, yeah, I am seven days past due. In other words, I have not paid that into the future, which means that I'm living in days I have not paid for right? For that is past due rent, if I am, if, if I didn't pay last month, well, then I've got full last month to do, plus these seven days. Okay? So all of that is past your rent. Anything in the future is, it's, it's irrelevant,

Matthias Miller  1:06:03
right? Okay, good, I think that that was, that was a gap. Okay, so the balance for the discount, then, is the contract balance minus past due rent correct times the discount percentage gives you discount dollars, correct. So you take balance minus discount, and that gives you the discounted contract balance. This

Unknown Speaker  1:06:33
is the one I don't understand what you're trying to say here.

Matthias Miller  1:06:36
I don't know what to describe it. Contract balance is

Speaker 1  1:06:43
there is no contract. There is no contract balance. You're paying it off so therefore, okay, okay, okay, no, no, okay, now and now, here, in, if it here in lies the little bit of I watch him. I call it, uh, let me go back to this. Okay, he did plus Yeah. So this is where, this is where he goes into the pluses. Now, so you've calculated your discount dollars, right? So now you're going to add back your your back, your past due rent, you're going to add in your purchase reserve, you're going to charge your sales tax. And that's

Matthias Miller  1:07:26
going crazy, because he's then starting with the discount and going back up from there, right? Because why not just take the contract balance minus your discount?

Unknown Speaker  1:07:42
Well, what is that number?

Matthias Miller  1:07:45
The number is discount dollars plus, you mean it's, it's discount dollars plus past due rent.

Speaker 1  1:07:59
No, it's not discount dollars plus past two Rand is like, I don't understand. No, it's not. It isn't.

Matthias Miller  1:08:15
So, okay, okay, the discount dollars is the cash price of the building. It's not actually the discount.

Speaker 1  1:08:25
It's not a discount. No, it's not. It's the disk. It's the it's, it's incorrect to call it the disc, the Thank you. Let's fix it. Yes, it's, it is, I don't know what the balance for EPO, okay, times EPO percentage, yep. And this would be EPO amount, so that 3039 50 is correct. Now, the reason that we're going to add back in the back rent and we're going to add in the purchase reserve is in order to charge sales tax,

Matthias Miller  1:09:00
we don't need the purchase reserve. We'll get to that. I have that handled. He said confidently, after being wrong the last six times

Unknown Speaker  1:09:09
plus past your rent. Okay, got it.

Matthias Miller  1:09:14
Plus pass through rent here. Let's do this. Let's pass through rent. Blah Blah, blah, blah, blah blah.

Speaker 1  1:09:23
Late fees, plus processing fees, plus current overdue down. Yep, got it. I

Matthias Miller  1:09:28
don't know what you call it. This is the worst possible name for it, but it's, it's, it's really the sum of, let's just call it the sum of these guys, and then we give a subtotal. So that's the subtotal. Ah. Now we then this is because we split this out into sub subtotal, tax and total. We can now say that. So the calculated CRA is the total. We take out the tax, we take out the subtotal. You can see right here what it is, and then the payoff. Amount is, boom, 222, 96 and you add taxes wherever you need taxes,

Speaker 1  1:10:17
and that goes but the CRA does not subtract off of the EPO. This is why he's adding the CRA back in, so that so the EPO actually is the 36 6902 you have to add it in in order to pay it. Okay, let me, let me explain it this way. You need to get to a so the actual amount that you're actually paying in dollars is 36 6902 plus the 3687 29 but then right after that, because we already have the 36 we already have the the 340, 633, 1440, 607, we already have that number. You need to subtract that off of the of the combination of the 36 6902 and the 3687 29

Speaker 1  1:11:18
that's why he's adding it in and then subtracting it off.

Matthias Miller  1:11:24
Okay, sorry, forgive me, I'm slow. Okay,

Speaker 1  1:11:29
let's back up your contract total. Up at the very, very, very top, yes, is calculated on a reduced dollar value. So the actual contract total, so we've got to add this CRA in in order to pay it as a financial transaction.

Matthias Miller  1:11:48
Okay, so then here's the question,

Matthias Miller  1:11:57
why wouldn't you put it? Shouldn't it go here for the shouldn't it should go in here, then,

Matthias Miller  1:12:16
or up here in contract total.

Matthias Miller  1:12:28
Mean, technically it doesn't matter. It's just, where does it make the most sense? Because,

Speaker 1  1:12:34
to me, to me, it makes the most sense to go put the CRA back in, right with past due rent, right? With late fees, with all of that, okay, here, okay, there is another piece in here that's a little bit confusing, and that I'm understanding it as longer I go along with this. It's I understand this very complex thing, because depending on, depending on whether late fees are taxable or not, they're doing you're doing a tax cap like, Okay, the other way to do this is to say, the other way to do this is do all these Calc I hate doing all this calculations At non text values. It's

Matthias Miller  1:13:19
entertain me for a second.

Matthias Miller  1:13:42
You again, you're gonna tell me I'm completely crazy, but I'm

Speaker 1  1:14:05
walk me through it. Sorry. I was over here doing math calculations.

Matthias Miller  1:14:17
Do you do? Okay? It would be to say this is the the reduced contract amount. Add in the CRA and say this is the full contract amount.

Speaker 1  1:14:32
Are we calculating before or after sales tax? Before sales tax? Okay, so let me just double check this, because if we're going to do this all before sales tax, it is whatever, whichever method we go about this, we've got to be consistent. If we're going to present all our numbers in pre sales tax, then we always present in pre sales tax. We don't get to the end of a contract and go to pay off and start presenting our numbers in pre sales tax. Yeah. That's that's a recipe for confusion.

Matthias Miller  1:15:07
Let me, let me

Speaker 1  1:15:09
just look at this. Okay, so 10, 630, 601, yeah, that's exactly what he's doing. So um. RTO pro out here on contract representation. He represents with sales tax. If you click his calculator, then he goes to calculating pre sales tax.

Matthias Miller  1:15:29
So anything for all the CRA numbers to calculate CRA, we just need to say, I mean, it'd be ideal to CRA, including, including down payment calculated CRA, including tax, sales tax.

Speaker 1  1:15:48
Wow, right, no, if you want to show no, no, again, this is, we are always, this is, this is one of these things where it's that calculation at the top of your spreadsheet is always done pre sales tax, the dollar value, the 292 26 of the monthly payment that comes out the just for the sake of kicks and giggles. Highlight the 3687 29 and the 292, 26 Okay, I like those two. Well, it doesn't quite come out to $4,000 so obviously I mean things, yeah, but those two numbers theoretically equal the 4000

Matthias Miller  1:16:41
so when I pay a $4,000 CRA that's pre sales tax, that's right.

Speaker 1  1:16:48
So sales tax is always charged at the point that you use the money.

Matthias Miller  1:17:01
So, but doesn't that mean then that we added in pre sales tax like this, but when we go to use it, we use it post sales tax,

Unknown Speaker  1:17:18
no because tax needs to be paid on it. It Right. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, sorry, you're correct, you're correct, you're correct, you're correct, sorry, you're correct.

Matthias Miller  1:17:32
Is there any surprise? I was confused. If you ask an average rep to sit down and explain this stuff. If I sat down, if I gotta go with him, the poor people would probably be in tears. Um,

Speaker 1  1:17:48
well, this is why I said we, we have to go through the hard work of breaking this down so that it is fully understandable.

Matthias Miller  1:17:57
Okay, does the idea make sense to you that before we do anything else, let's figure out what the full contract amount actually was.

Speaker 1  1:18:08
You can't, well, okay, the full con, if you, if you wanted to look at it that way, then really, you take the original cash prize the building divided by the 21.6 and now you have the original cash price or contract value. Okay, that I mean in in all reality and technicality, what I do,

Speaker 1  1:18:38
I think we're so close to being on the same page? Well, I

Matthias Miller  1:18:44
think it's a question of, how do you want to represent it? Do you just want to throw it down in the, you know, in the plus CRA and

Matthias Miller  1:18:59
I guess people do think about, okay, fine,

Speaker 1  1:19:02
I don't care. Okay, hold on a sec. Let's follow this through. Okay, you're saying if we take, if we do the reduced contract, amount plus the CRA equals 14,000, 208, 65 go down. Okay. Amount paid the See, then

Matthias Miller  1:19:27
here's the question, I mean, but, but then we need to start showing,

Speaker 1  1:19:34
I'm about, I'm about at the place of saying, okay, he had it as elegant as it's ever going to be. Because the way that he had it okay, maybe it's just that I was I'm used to seeing it that way, and that's I'm gonna say that, but it's like, come on, there's gotta be a more elegant way to do this.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:00
Uh, so far we're striking out,

Matthias Miller  1:20:05
okay? I mean, there's so many weird nuances the fact that the contract

Matthias Miller  1:20:27
I mean, we can, since we're spawning these wildly,

Unknown Speaker  1:20:40
okay, go

Matthias Miller  1:20:42
ahead, if we

Speaker 1  1:20:46
represented numbers the exactly the way that he's representing them, but we represented them with a a red warning that says all numbers are being represented pre sales tax. And so that way you understand that when you're looking at like, if you're on a payment screen, we're going to represent the contract amount minus what you paid. We're going to represent all of that post sales tax. That makes sense, because you want to, you want to, you're talking with a customer, but when you get into these calculations, we're going to represent them pre sales tax. So, so maybe it is, we say contract amount, parentheses, not including sales tax, uh, amount paid, not including sales tax equals balance. Not including sales

Matthias Miller  1:21:33
tax, because you don't want to break it down into columns, huh? Because you don't want to break it into columns, subtotal, tax and total. Use scenarios where rent is taxable, but late fees aren't

Unknown Speaker  1:21:46
right, and

Matthias Miller  1:21:48
that's where it'd be nice to be able to see that broken down. And I think that's at least one layer of the confusion. Okay, so, so let's, I'm gonna, I'm gonna take this top again, contract total, contract balance. Boom. This just reflects the contract. Nothing needed past right

Unknown Speaker  1:22:03
because you're not showing any sales taxes. Pre sales

Matthias Miller  1:22:06
tax here, yep, past two, minus past due rent, plus the CRA. The CRA gets thrown in here, pre sales tax right

Speaker 1  1:22:22
now. Minus pass you rent plus equals balance for APO, not quite you don't want to add the CRA in there. The CRA should be, should be added after you do the EPO calculation, right?

Matthias Miller  1:22:42
Thank you.

Speaker 1  1:22:50
Okay, so now let's minus pass equals EPO balance for EPO times. You know, this the balance for EPO thing. Do we Okay, fine, let's leave it there. It's, it's, it's for good, downward math, great, times, great, yep, yep, amount, yep, plus CR, a good, plus any past due, rent, good, plus any late fees. Now, now where, at what point do we start saying, where tax starts coming in? Why wouldn't you? Why wouldn't you? Yeah, and why wouldn't you add your tax at the CRA point right there now too, and pass through rent would get its tax. Okay?

Matthias Miller  1:23:35
Now key, this is going to get confusing for people, because when you add it back in as far as contract value is concerned, it is pre tax. Down here it's going to be post tax. Yeah, but,

Speaker 1  1:24:01
Oh, good grief, right? Oh, good grief. Well, okay, okay, you could, you could make this make sense, okay, past due rent, add its tax to past you rent. Okay, now add you yep, that's due totals, yep, that's Yep. Great, great, great. Okay, on down through. But take away the, take away the EPO subtotal. No, not, not, not that I'm saying. Take it away from the no in column B, oh, you still have to have it there, duh. No, no, you sum down, you sum down that road, yeah. Now you're cooking with gas minus. Okay, yeah. So now take away. Take away that. Take away it from there, yep, yep, and that, yep. Now the 3687 let's sum it down through correctly, sorry, the which one, no, no, you're 100% right. 36 Yep, you got it. Now, look at that. Now we actually have something.

Matthias Miller  1:24:56
Does this make sense?

Speaker 1  1:25:00
Uh, wait, we didn't add the we didn't add, okay, EPO amount up there. Needs tax. It needs to be summed into the column,

Matthias Miller  1:25:10
right? Well, I mean, it depends if,

Speaker 1  1:25:14
nope, right there the EPO mines, right where you're charging tax, right there on the EPO amount, yep, it sum it out, and I'll add that into the total column. Now we're cooking with gas.

Matthias Miller  1:25:28
Does this make sense?

Unknown Speaker  1:25:34
I think it does. I think

Matthias Miller  1:25:40
is there anybody over there that wants to I gotta drop in about 10 minutes. It's a side note, 15 minutes.

Speaker 1  1:25:55
The real question is, does this make more sense than what he had? I feel like it does. I feel

Matthias Miller  1:26:01
like it gives more transparency. I would still have a lot of fun with the rep getting them being like, Look my series. 360 like, Wait, you guys, are you guys are stealing that? 258, 11, and watch them squirm. I

Unknown Speaker  1:26:16
stealing it. How I got to give it to the government?

Matthias Miller  1:26:20
No. I mean, yeah, but like, I paid the 36 like, why are you flipping it over from the subtotal to the tag? Like you're throwing tax something anyway, you know, just this make me explain how that stuff works. Like, that doesn't make sense, but, like, it's correct. I just think it's hard to explain.

Speaker 1  1:26:40
No, what I would love is, I don't know, share this thing with me. I want to take this and I want to go work with chat, GPT and and, like, is there not there's got to be a better way to I don't know. Like, come on, grock, you're really smart. Take a look at this spreadsheet and what's sheet one, two and three.

Matthias Miller  1:27:08
Those are sheet one is this stuff. Sheet two or here. Let's just hide. Hide them. They're old iterations of it that I wanted. Didn't want to straight away. Um, let's also ask this. I don't

Matthias Miller  1:27:36
know if I can read it, but I

Matthias Miller  1:28:02
I don't I think you're just Full of full of it.

Matthias Miller  1:28:21
Well, here's one more thing. Let's talk about overrides. This should be overwritable, yep, and presumably this should be overridable.

Speaker 1  1:28:39
Well, the balance for EPO wouldn't necessarily be overridable, just the EPO amount, okay?

Matthias Miller  1:28:43
And then CRA this, this should be any fee should be overridable, yep, rent fees, this, all this stuff. And this should be a writable.

Unknown Speaker  1:28:56
No, the CRA is going to get used. Okay?

Matthias Miller  1:29:02
So these are the overridable fields. Yeah, now past you rent theoretically, though, should be overridable up here, or should it? No, it shouldn't.

Matthias Miller  1:29:18
You do that effectively. Well,

Speaker 1  1:29:21
no, the EPO calculation needs to stay the like that. The calculation portion needs to stay rock solid. You can override the amount that you're going to add back into the final to the final total, but you can't override a pre EPO calculation. But, yes, I do think what I want to do is I want to take this and I want to, I want to, I want to put it in front of RTO reps out here in Leanne and say, Is this more understandable than than RTO pros? And if it is, then I think we're going to move forward with this. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:30:01
okay, I have, okay, so one last thing. Then on the payment screen, you have early payoff, and then boom, this thing pops up instead of your breakdown by period.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:15
So if you check, if you check early payoff,

Matthias Miller  1:30:19
this pops up, yes, instead of the per period breakdown.

Speaker 1  1:30:24
Or is it, is it, is it contract close? Or is this early payoff? Are we going to close out? Are we

Matthias Miller  1:30:29
going to contract close? I mean, wouldn't contract close basically be the same thing. It's just,

Speaker 1  1:30:35
well, I mean, there is other contract closes types that we need to handle, so we kind of think through that, but,

Matthias Miller  1:30:41
but it's not contract closes aren't always tied to a payment. And so I guess maybe we do want because it is so radically different.

Matthias Miller  1:30:55
It's anyway, all right, let's, let's you chase this. Sorry. Let me finish my my sentence. I think, I think the big issue is it is a very different process. But sometimes contract close is tied to a payment, and sometimes it isn't. And it would be really nice if it is tied to a payment that we take payment right away,

Speaker 1  1:31:13
the way that RTO pro handles it, they sort of do always tie it to a payment. And so we could, we could say, Okay, make a payment that pops you into the payment screen. On every single contract, there's a close contract button that presents your persons to close

Matthias Miller  1:31:30
and, and if your balance is zero at the end, then you just say, say payment. And, boom, yeah. And it gives it receipt. I like, I mean, that's, that's reasonably happy. Okay, awesome. Well, you're out the rest of the day. I'm out next Thursday. Do you want to sit

Speaker 1  1:31:48
if we can do, if we, because I'm a little bit like, we got to get this passed off. So if we can get to, if we can do a Monday, I'll do, I'll do as many days next week as you want to do. I

Matthias Miller  1:31:59
mean, okay, so we're in crunchy time. Monday afternoon again, we I got a 1pm with you on Monday and and Tuesdays, wide open. Wednesdays, pretty open, pretty open. Ish, Monday afternoon, Wednesday afternoon, Thursday, I'm out. Friday, I could fit something in.

Unknown Speaker  1:32:17
Well, let's, let's, let's plan on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. Then,

Matthias Miller  1:32:21
okay, oh, shoot you some. Shoot you sometimes. Very good, awesome. Thank you, sir, goodbye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai