Speaker 1  00:40
Hi, Matthias. Hi, Laura. How you doing? Wow, how are you today? Good. Good. All right. I'm just trying to get myself situated in this little hallway corner here trying to do the memos.

Unknown Speaker  00:59
Sounds good

Speaker 1  01:05
all right. That a timer here so I can kind of keep on track. And excuse me, I'm gonna sneeze. Um All right. So let me start drawing, I'm just gonna draw, and I'm going to share with you what I see and what I hear. And then, and then we can have a q&a about it if there's more questions if you want to drill down, so it's a little different. Excuse me from what we do on on just the regular memo session. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  01:42
Sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  01:46
So

Speaker 1  01:52
seeing an evergreen tree, I'm just gonna sketch it real quickly. And

Unknown Speaker  02:04
yeah.

Unknown Speaker  02:10
So yeah, the first picture I'm seeing is

Speaker 1  02:22
it really fast is an evergreen tree. And it's against a mountain, and there's a little space for you to stand and you're looking out, I see the evergreen tree is bowed. It's it's bending. And it's the force of the elements. It's the force of the wind, it's the force of, of whatever's going on, I actually feel like it's laden with even though there's none in the picture with snow. And with water, there's a heaviness to it. And so it's bending over that, but the great thing about trees is they can handle that, right, they can bend in the wind, they can handle a certain amount of weight of the snow and everything. And so I see you standing more on the mountain side of that, and looking out. It's not necessarily that you're taking shelter, but you are looking around and, and you're taking a breath, just to kind of get your bearings and say I'm going to I'm going to move in this direction. But I have the sense that everything actually is happening exactly right. It's, you know, the timing is right. I don't feel like you're standing there going, like, oh my gosh, I need to I need a break. Hold on, I gotta I gotta get my bearings. It's more like, Okay, this is it's like a rest in music, right? It's like, okay, almost predicted, almost planned, almost mapped out, like, Okay, and here's the rest. And then I'm going to step in. And it's like, when you step into the wind, when you step into the elements, instead of it being a fight or an issue. The wind pushes you it's your back, it pushes you along, and the and the ice that's on the ground, it's like, oh, well, then I can slide a little faster. It's like, oh, it's also well synchronized and orchestrated, and perfectly timed. So to the outside, it looks like oh, my gosh, there's a terrible storm, and you should get in from that. But for you, it's actually no, this is exactly the way it's going. Good. And it's not even that it's a plan that you made necessarily, like you didn't I don't have a sense that you sat down and said, it's gonna go like this was like head office. Here's the plan I have for you. And everything is going according to plan. There's not there's not mistakes here. Right. So so this is the picture that scene for you to start with. So what what questions do you have about that or what thoughts do you have about that? Where do you want to drill down about that Matthias you I

Speaker 2  05:04
think one of the big questions that I've faced with that, and I think you kind of answered me, you answered this in the memo. But one of the I think it's become clear that path that I'm supposed to take. And there's still a bit of the the timidity, the self doubt the am I really hearing head office? Is this. Almost like this. I know and I know I need to lean in. And I'm pretty sure he's in it. And yet And yet,

Speaker 1  05:52
and yet, yep. Yeah, so what I'm seeing is like, it's not even that there's a place to get to, you know, so it's like, okay, we're going on this path. This path is already there. Right. And, and so there's different kinds of paths. I think, do you live in Colorado?

Unknown Speaker  06:15
Is that right? Yeah. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker 1  06:17
So, you know, sometimes you have these mountain biking pads that are really wide, and they're flat, and yeah, they have some rocks on them. They're like, you know, for anyone. And then there are the pads that are like, Okay, you need to be intermediate level to do this. And, and then there are the paths that are like, I know, a guy who showed me this path one time, and I know it's over there. And I've heard of it. Like, I heard the guys talking about it, you know, when I go to the bike shop, and, and I know that it's up there. And I know, like, it crosses slickrock sometimes so you lose the trail, you know, you can't quite see it, it's not really why you might look at it. And if you didn't know that there was a trail there, you might suspect there isn't the trail there. But it's like, so that's the sense I get, you're sort of on that trail, but like you're already on it, you know, you're already on it, it's it. So the idea, like I have to go walk over there and choose to get on it. And, you know, it's like, head office is like, Honey, we're already here. So we can just do this, we can just do this together. And you know, head office has invited you to be its business partner. And so that's really lovely. Like, you know, it's it's sort of a give us what you got kind of thing, right? And, and I see an acknowledgement from head office, like, Okay, you're not playing full out with me. But you know, where you're playing, it's also working to, like, we don't need to get into this gotta get there thing. That's what I keep hearing, we don't need to get into this. Gotta get there. And then like, okay, we're already we're already doing it anytime you want to just feel it. That's what I'm hearing anytime you want to just feel it. And so that would be a lovely thing had offices saying, if you spent five minutes a day, just feeling the trust, not even making a list in your mind. It's not a mental thing that head office is suggesting, right? It's like, let's just feel it. You know, set the timer, close your eyes and feel this, I gotcha. And we're together, we're together. And so head office needs you. As much as you need head office, right? You are the meat, you're the hands, you're the feet. And I don't feel a question at all. Like, I'm not sitting here looking at like, oh, there's five different tabs. And yeah, maybe it's like, no, we're on it already. We're already halfway up the mountain, you know, like, it's, it's not when I need to spend time wondering if we're going hiking or mountain biking. Like we're already there. So yeah. You have more questions or more, and you can say whatever you want, you know, even if it feels like the same question Are you wondering how you'll know? No.

Unknown Speaker  09:24
I think I know I mean, I know. You know, you just I know I go

Speaker 1  09:32
so here's the great thing is that the fear does not need to disappear. Like that's not a requirement. Right? Like courage actually requires fear to be present. If you didn't have fear present, you wouldn't need courage and head office is interested in in strengthening some different skills right? And so you know, we can instead of just ignoring the fear or trying to push it away, we can say I hear you, thank you in the past, it's been really helpful to hear how do you hear you're, you're kind of highlighting some stuff for me and now. And now I hear you. And I've checked in with people, right? I'm not just jumping alone, I've checked in with people checking in with round table, you're checking in with head office, through me, you're checking in with Head Office through yourself. So you know it in head office is reminding the neck, it doesn't help to just shove the fear away, like we tend to want to do we just acknowledge it, thank you, thank you for reminding me that there could be dangerous. And, you know, I've got water in my backpack, and I have overnight supplies, and I have an avalanche beacon. And I have all this. And I told five people where I was going, and there's, you know, everything like I've done all that. Does it change the way the trail is? No. But it does put more chance of you having a successful time on the trail, right. And by the way, it's meant to be fun.

Speaker 1  11:15
This is actually an exciting adventure, you know. And so yeah, what you're doing right there. Breathing and breathing. So that could be something you add to like, there's an app called I breeze. And it's like, it can metronome you through the breathing and remind you in and out, you could do that five minutes a day. You know, this, this can be a part of your Renaissance time. And again, just being tender with yourself like, you're scared. You have good reason to be. And, and here we go. We're already on the trip. So that's all right. Yep. It's good. Yeah, what else is happening for you? We have like five more minutes or four more minutes left? Do you have other little things, big things, anything that you want to ask? Head Office?

Speaker 1  12:21
I just see this flood of sunshine. I see birds. I see. You know, when you're out there, it's like, oh, this imagining that we're alone? Like, oh, no, there's the bighorn sheep. And there's, you know, there's like 17 trillion little things like running around in the bushes that you can't even see. And some of them you don't want to you know, but there's the birds and the hawks and all this stuff. And it's like, Oh, my goodness, there's so much of it is so beautiful. And head office is like, turn this way. And look like it's just like, yeah, we're I just keep hearing like, we're already there. We're already on this. We're already doing it's already gorgeous. Like, yes, when we get to the summit, well, that'd be quite exceptional. Yes. Well, that'd be like the better Instagram photo. Yes. Wonderful, you know, you can have your picture with you at the flag at the top. And that's lovely. But it's, it's already that way. You know, it's, um, it's already there. And just a reminder, from head off, it's like you can feel me in your body. This isn't a mental trick. We don't need to think our way through this Matthias we can feel it too. So we can feel with our emotions, we can feel with our memory and we can feel with our body. So it doesn't have to be this. You know, I need to figure out if I need to figure out if I'm here. How does it feel? You know? And head office lives here, right? Just with the same sense of surety if I asked you if you love someone, right? Do you so I don't know if you're married? Or if you have kids, or if you have a dog or a cat. But if I say to you, do you love them? And you You do, right? Like if I asked you? Could I convince you not to love them? You're like, no. How do you know where in your body? Do you feel you feel like if I tried to push you off of that love? You feel it right here, right? Like it's core knowledge. It's solid. So use that as a reference point. Right? When we're talking about head office, and it feels like it's in our neck and our shoulder. It's that's our thinking, right? If it feels like it's coming from our heart, that's our wishing, right. Nothing wrong with those things. But head office is like here and even if it begins to drop down, we're like, Ah ha ha. Okay, I'm on the path. There we are manga path. And then we can also fine tune right like In your Renaissance time, you can be sitting there saying, huh, okay, this step feels right. It's okay to constantly check in with that office, it wants us to the whole purpose is it wants you close. You want to close all the time. So it's never going to give you this huge end picture because we're cute little humans and we try to circumvent everything and shortcut things. You know, we've tried to think it. And so head office wants to close. So it's okay, if you're not seeing an end picture you won't. Head Office likes to show you the end picture when you turn around and say, Ah, it's like you you've gone up that mountain. Turn. And you go, Oh, the whole valleys there. Oh, my gosh, look at the sunset. Look at this. You know, look at this. Oh, do you see the clouds? Like look at all the greens look. Oh, you can see the river. Oh, I didn't know you have that lake over there. You know, but do you still need to keep your eye on the trail when you're going? Yes, please do. You know, but when you turn around it's like and there's so many these two stops right so you know that's that's this there's like a there's a you're good with is you're doing great you know and so much love like I want to cry with it are so much love from head office, like, psyched to be on this on this trip with you. Like it's so oh my gosh, my eyes are tearing up. It's so good. You're already there. You're already doing it. You're already on the trail. So I hear my timer going off. And that's the time that I have. Are you feeling good? Are you feeling it's

Speaker 2  16:35
awesome? Yeah, that's good. Complete. That was a question that I didn't know to ask. But an answer that I needed. So thank you.

Unknown Speaker  16:45
Yeah, you're welcome. You're welcome. Reach out anything Matthias, you know.

Unknown Speaker  16:52
We'll do sounds good. Appreciate it.

Speaker 1  16:55
All right. All right. Yeah. Take care. Have a good day. Yep.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai