Speaker 1  00:00
Question yeah we only have well so yeah so Rachel Yeah

Unknown Speaker  00:21
while I'm here now yesterday I was talking to

Unknown Speaker  00:37
you get this great person

Speaker 2  00:55
over recording in progress

Unknown Speaker  01:08
you know what to say we know why

Speaker 3  01:25
we go into the year February 1 so we can get our reserves last 80 bucks is what we have so far and I still believe that this is still good enough for

Unknown Speaker  01:56
you're on if you want to listen to someone who has because as far as the very first thing we're doing alright thank you so much long as it's as good as

Unknown Speaker  02:43
yours used in my life it was one that was

Speaker 4  02:52
the biggest challenge for me all the ones out there

Speaker 5  03:08
guys in this one we can just

Unknown Speaker  03:19
go to some also highlighted in

Unknown Speaker  03:26
red again when you go in

Unknown Speaker  03:32
every row is trying to wrap this up so feel free as long as

Unknown Speaker  03:52
we can

Speaker 3  04:15
time we said the writing box we're about to get started let's go back to our seats. Read us go. Oh, I know right in the room is going to be the first

Unknown Speaker  04:29
tab on it right. So now we're ready to really

Unknown Speaker  04:41
get back up

Unknown Speaker  04:48
so how do we get

Unknown Speaker  04:59
right Mr. Miller, how are you? Doing good. Good to see you, man.

Unknown Speaker  05:06
Yep.

Unknown Speaker  05:07
How's your bambino?

Unknown Speaker  05:10
How's that?

Unknown Speaker  05:11
How's your bambino?

Matthias Miller  05:15
She's doing good, just as we managed to get an appointment with the doctor that she basically pulled out of it. So we, my wife and I both got sleep last night, which is good.

Speaker 6  05:42
All right, everybody, grab yourself a seat, please. And Matthias Miller is on the hot seat. Matthias joined roundtable a year ago. And he has evolved himself in his business considerably. And he's been uncoupling himself from all of the shoulds and figuring out what he really wants to do. And it bears repeating that, you know, any group like this has a group ego. And we would all love for Steve to be the best Elon, the next Elon Musk. And we would all like to brag that Steve was in our groups before he became the next Elon Musk. But if he doesn't like being the next, Elon Musk,

Speaker 5  06:41
maybe he shouldn't do that. I do not presume

Speaker 6  06:45
to know what you're supposed to be doing with your life. So So Mark, sorry, Matthias, you have before us

Matthias Miller  06:59
all right. Well, I can't I'm not there in the room. I don't really have a good feel for who's read through this or not. I tried to articulate everything that I needed to there. And so if somebody can there is somebody over there can kind of facilitate that and then let me know when everybody's read through it. That'd be awesome.

Unknown Speaker  07:17
I am just passing it out right now which is so

Unknown Speaker  07:24
Fun

Unknown Speaker  10:00
Are you? Everybody doing another minute?

Unknown Speaker  11:24
Guys, is there anything you wanted to start with? Nope, no

Matthias Miller  11:27
particular I tried to like lay everything out there and I don't really have much too much to add happy to answer questions and looking for feedback

Speaker 7  11:44
Well first off, I do want to say, Good job cleaning up the head trash. That's really hard and most people die without doing that. Good job. Thanks. Agree. So,

Speaker 6  11:58
I have a question about your oath. It says my goal starting a mastermind for b2b tech businesses from two to 20 million. So, since I've run masterminds for 20 years, it's harder than it looks. Delivering the advice, and giving people a good experience, I don't think is that hard. Getting people in a room part. That strikes me that whatever this is, if this is what you do, it would be a really good idea if they got think they got services, or assets or help of some kind by being in the group that not being in the group they wouldn't get. And that's, for me, that seems kind of hard to come up with, because we have every industry in this room that you can possibly imagine. But if you're just serving tech industry, I could imagine ways that you might provide them with certain things as a collective, like if it's only restricted to certain kinds of companies that you can provide those services. And maybe that would also make it easier to take to get clients. But can you give me more of an emotional or personal reason why you want to start a mastermind or what fulfillment you're looking to get by doing that? Well, a lot of things you can do.

Matthias Miller  14:00
That's, that's fair, I think. Okay, so if you want me to my own devices, and let me do whatever I went to, the thing that I do most naturally is go ask all kinds of probing questions until I get to something that both cognitively and emotionally feels like the bottom of the swamp issue and is the constraint in the business and getting people to take a look at that and actually address it so that they can move forward and, and continue to grow and scale. And I do that much better in one on one or small group environments than I do in large group environments. And so we could certainly do that. The problem is at the point that you're dealing with the 1% You know, identifying the 1% I feel some resonance to Jose's hotseat. I think there's different ways of approaching scale in this context, but that's the that's that is the kernel of activity. That gives me the most joy As fulfilment and I believe provides the most value. And as I mentioned, having separated myself from from unhealthy relationships in the tech industry, I find myself with an openness coming back to it and finding that, A, I have a lot of experience and background in the space and be a lot of the things that I've been collecting, while I've been away from that space and planet period and other spaces is not something that is traditionally there. So that is the that is the kernel. Now what form that has to take, I don't mind, although I'm looking for, kind of in my ideal world, I would like this to be to be something that that can scale with little to no team up until, I don't know, some, some somewhere around 30 hours a month. And if I can do this by charging, you know, $4,000 an hour doing consulting, then I'm open to that, but I'm also looking realistically at something that's simple, and something that has some form of leverage. And it doesn't have to be a mastermind, specifically.

Unknown Speaker  16:14
What's the theater system to get you to this?

Matthias Miller  16:21
So, here's my sales process, which sounds really, really cumbersome and not automated, but it's go make friends with people go have them introduce, introduce me to their friends, go have conversations, go tell stories about things that I can do go have conversations, demonstrating my capabilities, and, and bring them into my, into my ecosystem. And and, like that is that is the essence it's a fairly manual, but high touch sales and marketing process. It's worked really well up until this point.

Unknown Speaker  17:02
But you're not here. Are you going to do that?

Unknown Speaker  17:07
What was that? You're

Speaker 5  17:08
not here? How are you going to build those friends and relations? I can see you and touch you and get to know you.

Matthias Miller  17:19
Fortunately, this industry has a high comfort zone of virtual interactions in virtual connections. And I think that can be used to my favor.

Speaker 8  17:33
Guys, a couple of questions is interesting. When I read this, I also did resonate with you in that. There's actually a reason why when I started out a few years ago, I thought I'd be going after b2b Tech as well. My background was a very ancient background, by today's standards, but that was relevant. And what I found is that a lot of people in tech that you're describing, often still in privately held businesses that are very young and very smart, very, very self assured. At least that's been my experience, and then that they don't have what I call a humble confidence you want to do somebody has confidence that they're in business for a reason, but enough humility to actually take counsel, listen to someone. So do you have in mind, even five people that fall into the profile of the ideal person I would fit that will be b2b Tech and that size business, that you could even try this out and say, let's just get together for a day. And let's just see, see where it takes us that kind of thing. Also missing why we'd like to do this again. Well, not again to see the business.

Matthias Miller  18:47
I don't have those five people yet. I think I cross your fingers. I think with a matter of two to three weeks I can have those people but

Unknown Speaker  19:04
where my network

Matthias Miller  19:11
currently is organically it's different different, different groups and import of different people that I know and just it's kind of the super connect idea. Go find the people. Go find the outliers of your network. And go ask for introductions going beyond that and continue continue to pursue the pursue and grow the network as you as you move out

Speaker 9  19:32
suicide in groups or you're calling people to coffee with them or we're

Matthias Miller  19:39
a few core groups and building out from there, as well as also just context that I've developed over over the years.

Unknown Speaker  19:48
Roberta is a master networker.

Speaker 9  19:54
Well, I will start does I know this lady her name is Tony Harris Taylor. Look her up on Facebook. She's who she started the business that you're talking about network. She started with like BNI. And that sort of thing. I don't think you would have to especially not tech, she jumped from networking to, quote unquote, masterminding by doing putting together events, to day events, one day event that had a topic that these type of people would pay money to go hear about the event. And she brought in sponsors, people who were satellite industries or whatever to facilitate paying for the event. But it's worked out really well in her favor. She's a couple $100,000 a year now in consulting, I don't think it's the exact model because she's a sales and marketing coach. Her claim to fame is also her wigs and her glasses, I don't think that would get well. But I can show you who she is just so you can kind of skim it and follow it might be because you can parlay good networking in a group into that. Just might have to start with smaller events first.

Speaker 10  21:14
If I have a friend that fits your profile, what am I telling them? What am I saying to them? To to get them interested in what in your group, but what's a concise way I could say to them, You should do this because

Matthias Miller  21:30
you should do this. Because if if at any point that you plateaued in your business, it is it is for the reason that you have not properly either properly identified the the constraint in your business, you have you don't have a proper plan for it, you haven't properly executed for it. And there's there's always one thing that matters. And the contingency on on moving forward depends on focusing on and solving that one thing. There is a there's a secondary thing, which this is also an interesting piece that I considered that I didn't really put in here. But I think that people who have a tech background, are unusually well equipped for dealing with and solving business constraints. The problem is that most of them don't know how to translate the skills that they have in developing systems within the field of software itself and applying it to business. And I think there's a lot of skill sets that, that especially technical founders have, from their experience that if they if they could only make a few neural connections, they could apply basic software engineering, skill sets to their business and effectively start solving their own problems.

Speaker 10  22:58
I could give me that, like, two minutes to sentence, something two sentences that I could say.

Matthias Miller  23:03
Yeah, which, okay, there's two, number one. Number one, if you're a tech business, it's stuck. Okay, it's because you're focusing on the wrong thing. We're not not fixing it correctly. And you want to get and this is a group of people who get together to focus only on that and to cut away the noise.

Speaker 11  23:33
So it's the same thing that I asked Jose yesterday, it's the same thing I asked myself, right, what are you best in the world at? And who are you best equipped to serve? So it sounds like from what you've just answered, you're best equipped to help software entrepreneurs overcome business challenges that have been stuck

Matthias Miller  24:05
I think that's that is the premise I'm open to having the premise challenge I think you guys have especially you guys who were in roundtable last year I've seen you for a year you guys can I'm open to you guys you guys input but that's the premise. Yes.

Speaker 8  24:21
You can I jump on them a little bit just because as I read through outline here and describe kind of what you want your endgame to be on the next major level you want to attain running these masterminds. That there's a difference between your skill set your knowledge base what you're able to share, right? When somebody hires you as a consultant, they say okay, speed wise words or consultant I need to learn in a mastermind context you really much more facilitator. And you have to let the mastermind have its own energy which may not be your app. So that may create a conflict for you, if you if what you think your strength is your personal ability to bring this wisdom forward mastermind may not be the right construct to let that happen.

Matthias Miller  25:11
So, I suspect you're right, which kind of ties into what Barry was saying. So if I had to take this and put this into some form of vehicle that that did not bother me with needing to try to package this into some kind of compact, unique resellable package, but meant one on one access to me at some kind of arbitrary high high rate that I ended up being happy with. What what does that vehicle look like? I think that's perhaps where I'm

Speaker 9  25:53
because that was intended for people to come and be in small groups, right? Techies don't like being in two big groups. It's intimate. You're taking the lead there, you're consulting basically, and they're consulting ourselves. You could do it somewhere local, where you're already networking. And then what you two days period, for me to write

Speaker 12  26:18
into that one price point and have one on one after two days of much higher price point.

Speaker 9  26:26
I think you also wouldn't need as much back back into it as you would go after.

Matthias Miller  26:38
It isn't this isn't this effectively Jose's concept of you can have a one hour consult with a group of people where people are watching in and they've got their popcorn watching Jose do his thing. So you can have that in a in a one hour format, you can have that in a one day format. Or you can have any of these things in a private one on one, one on one format.

Speaker 12  27:07
thing that you're going to be targeting here is common. But a Coptic groups that have membership, you're stepping into a crowded market in some spots, aiming not that they're the same, but that they're sort of the owner or the entrepreneur, they might view them as a similar choice. vestige Renaissance, to see a step into something to make yourself the idea of a commoditized supplier because there's there are other possibly false choices. But there's other choices. Whereas what we're describing sounds different to those choices.

Speaker 9  27:52
Do that invite only Yeah. Right? Because you only need four to five people. So you can do an invite only and not have to buy not have to do what Brian is right. Which is convince people that your mastermind is different somehow. Other Other ones that they know you're networking with them that could be your invitation. In this small group, you've been hand selected, however you want to say

Matthias Miller  28:24
is there a terminology that I can use that effectively captures this idea, but also differentiates it from masterminds?

Speaker 9  28:32
Definitely call it something else completely. What what did they use? Do they say? Unstick? What are your people? What would they say? If I was talking to you and I haven't tech business what I say? I feel so stuck. Or I plateau? What do they actually say when they

Unknown Speaker  28:51
are stuck on a problem? Like a

Speaker 9  28:53
tech business person who wants to make the jump that you're going to help them jump by getting out of their own way? Like what did they actually say in their words?

Unknown Speaker  29:05
stop rambling was their business?

Matthias Miller  29:15
Are you frozen? I'm thinking I mean, I don't know what they would say. Super. I can hear you guys. Can you guys hear me? Yeah. So I don't know what they would use in their language. I think I think something like, you know, you can certainly play off of technical terms, like a deadlock would be a great would be a great technical term to use in this situation. A deadline

Unknown Speaker  29:55
you could do something corny, like unlock your deadlock

Unknown Speaker  29:59
Whoa. We did like to over.

Speaker 9  30:03
People do like corny stuff, even though they say they don't

Unknown Speaker  30:10
perform elimination.

Speaker 8  30:15
I think also with obviously, Can you still hear us? Yep.

Matthias Miller  30:20
Yeah, the audio just go to AI. Go to word things for AI dashi back. Dance. That's muffled I have no idea what you said.

Unknown Speaker  30:42
Can you hear us now?

Matthias Miller  30:43
I can I can hear you I got something about AI and something about someone else.

Unknown Speaker  30:49
When you can you say that again, Chauncey and speak up a little bit.

Unknown Speaker  30:56
Robot Yeah, just the revenue size you described,

Unknown Speaker  31:03
would easily be if they actually are like a cloud based

Speaker 8  31:08
provider, they design something, they may already have professional money, this just makes it a little harder for that fee to get the owner in the room to hold. This is a this is a group that generally is moving towards the money towards the exit, almost from the time they came up with the idea to begin with. Some of the business blocking and tackling 75 year old businesses making plastic handles for boxes, they're not looking for massive, they're not gonna be the next Google, every one of these people think they're gonna be the next Google jet GPT. So maybe, where the help is really needed is a little bit earlier stage. And that's where they're actually getting excited at why we really don't know what we're doing.

Speaker 9  32:02
And those are the things you can do when you're networking, right, but what are they saying is the kind of things you bring up?

Matthias Miller  32:12
Sorry, audio, something I can do the networking what

Speaker 9  32:16
what Jose was saying about kind of pre solving a little bit the problem, you can do that when

Matthias Miller  32:20
you're networking? Well, the reality is that going smaller, I mean, there's a whole host of really ignorant small tech companies with problems that are very easily solved that could save them world of hurt and pain. So

Speaker 13  32:41
what what's the business? Is this the business? Is this the business? Or is this a marketing ploy to get to the business that they want to

Matthias Miller  32:52
the way that I view this is being the business that pays the bills, and and change and keeps me interested and allows me to spend large amounts of time, either Renaissance well in some form of either Renaissance time, or creates openness or other opportunities for which I don't know what they are. But I think that's going to emerge. But I do this do view this as so I guess an answer to your question. You know, I think in the near term, it is the business. I don't know that this is going to be what I'm going to be doing for the next you know, 30 years, but

Speaker 13  33:36
this question should be answered with like, shouldn't be too hard the answer to this question. If you understand like, where you where you take it, it's like you're still figuring this out. So you're not sure what's gonna be the business you want to try this to see if that's gonna become revenue wants to go

Matthias Miller  34:00
no, I think this is the business Maybe I'm being too complicated in my answer. Or maybe I'm not sure that I haven't in my view, this is the business but allowing allowing margin and space for other things to emerge because because I need something profitable and interesting to do in the meantime

Unknown Speaker  34:39
until I get to what's next?

Speaker 6  34:45
So Matthias, let me take a crack at what the question behind the question is. The real question we're trying to answer here is Matthias is a very talented tech guy who also is very good with people is very interested in human beings, who also knows a lot about business and marketing. And so he has the difficulty in life that it's very hard to pigeonhole him. There aren't any off the shelf job descriptions that would fit Matthias. So he is in the island of the Misfit Toys, which is all of us welcome. And he's in, he's looking for something that is both lucrative and interesting, correct. He's, by just fine, doing what he's doing. He can always manage to find a client, um, bet he likes something a little more predictable, to bring interesting people in front of them. And so mastermind might be the closest thing he's seen than anybody's doing that might fit this weird job description. How close are we to with that?

Matthias Miller  36:21
Yeah, I think that's right. And I think also with what I'm doing now, I'm struggling to see how to substantially gain leverage and the lucrative side of it, I think it's kind of sort of interesting. But yeah, I think you've nailed it fairly well.

Speaker 6  36:44
So the, the wave form, in intensive, came about, so some of you don't know what that is, and they don't do any more. But for quite a few years, I would have four people for two days at my house, and everybody would get a half a day Hot Seat. We charge 7500 bucks a person for it. I promoted to my list, I got the idea from Paul Hart tuning in, who was a speaking training guy, the way he so he would invite people to a speaker training that ran two or three days, and it was at his house. And it was five people in the pitch was come to my house for two days. And I will teach you how to get up on a stage and sell, which is exactly what Ted Thomas does. And so I went and I learned how to sell. Now, I never liked selling that way. And that's why I don't because I'm not Ted. I have enormous respect for people that can do that. But I don't really enjoy doing it. But I had fun with Paul and I learned how to do it. And I thought well, that that's a very interesting idea now what the way he promoted it was, he would just email people that he knew. Because he knew a lot of people and say, Hey, I'm doing a workshop at my house is $5,000. I'll teach you how to get up on a stage and sell $100,000 of stuff in one hour. And when you walk out, you'll know how to do. And he would get people to sign up

Unknown Speaker  38:29
to fill a piece of the Brooklyn Bridge. And

Speaker 6  38:32
he gave him a piece of book story. Well, and so I thought, so here's why I started doing. I did a seminar in 2006 that had 300 people show up. I had a meeting planner who wasn't as good as I thought she was. It was a nightmare. I mean, it wasn't really a nightmare, but man like the logistics in it was like man doing a seminar is a giant, giant, horrendous undertaking. I don't know if I ever want to do this again. And so the easiest way to sell a bunch of people into a program like roundtable is to have a seminar, then design the seminar to sell the roundtable, then you have a mastermind group. If you do a really good job, maybe you'll get good retention and so so it can be a great feeder. While I'm like well if I have to do a seminar just to have a mastermind group, I think I'd rather have a root canal and so and so, we invented the four man intensive as a way to do a seminar in my house where all I got to do is go to Costco and buy some flew to take everybody out to dinner. And I don't have to rent a hotel, and I don't have to have a meeting planner, all I get to do is get the kids to clean up the living room. I mean, I listened literally how, how it worked. And so and then I found out, if I get him in a room for two days, I can get him into a mastermind. So I don't know if you know enough people. But let's just spit ball this thing for a little bit. What if you said, what if you send somebody an email, he made a list of every single tech person you've ever met in your whole life. And you send him an email and you say, Hey, I'm, I'm doing this intensive, and get to get you in the room with three other people. And here's what problem we're going to solve. Maybe for you, it's a different problem for each intensive. Maybe you look at your list of people and you put them in groups you go, I know what their problem is. And these other people's problem is you put them in groups, and you say, your problem is x, we're going to solve this problem in two days. And we're going to solve it for everybody in the room. And you don't know any of these people. And after you meet these people, you'd be like, How did I not how to get through this far in my life without ever meeting these people. And then you can invent something that follows on to that, like a mastermind, or whatever you want to do or turn them into a consultant. But they spent two days with you. And give me some feedback. How does that sound?

Matthias Miller  41:54
I think it's pretty close. I think the biggest challenge is that in the entire thing is that if you put a gun to my head and say, Go tell me what people's problems are. I struggle with that. But if you put me into a conversation with them, and we can uncover their problem, we usually get significant traction. But I also don't know how to sell that effectively. So there may need to be some earlier conversations in which hey, let's catch up, where you at, uncover the problem, and then circle back at a later point once it's here. Yeah.

Speaker 2  42:28
Isn't there a way where he could pay you or someone else a fee to tap into their email list? Doesn't that happen? Okay.

Speaker 9  42:39
But it defeats the point of the personal invitation. Yeah, and he's networking for

Speaker 2  42:43
but to start a mastermind about kernels. There's got to be some way to map the market to 1000s of people right to start getting more clients.

Speaker 6  42:53
Well, then they, then they they have to be told a story that meeting is really compelling of why Marcus was the most or Matthias I'm sorry, I keep calling you, Marcus. I know you why Matthias is like the best thing since sliced bread. Like one of the things like there's people that I work with. And that said, Matthias is one of these people, but like, I can just think of people that I work with that do really impressive work. But I know I can't come up with a really compelling way to tell a story about them that that quickly and easily conveys. Like, I have memos, people that are really great, but I don't have a story like the Vivian's story. The Vivian story is just like an absolute hand grenade. Whoa. And so everybody wants to be Vivian. But there's other memos. People don't have a story like that. And so getting people to go, ooh, I'm going to give you money. That would like take six months. Well, we don't have six months. I haven't even thought about this problem with Matthias like, so but I'm just saying you have to anytime you do an affiliate promotion, you end up having to do that somehow or another. I've

Unknown Speaker  44:24
never done one I'd

Unknown Speaker  44:26
rather Yeah.

Speaker 9  44:29
Guys, if you network with enough people lately that you can remember the problem that you talked about with them and in your personal invite, say, hey, we talked about your problem with blah, blah, blah. I invited you to this four man intensive, whatever you want to call it. I think I have a solution for you. However you want to write the rest of that email but you can kind of personalize it with the problem that they just said they had

Matthias Miller  44:59
you I don't know if I'm good enough to fill a room to fill a form and to tensive to be honest but I'm also fairly maybe I'm overconfident in the process but I'm also fairly confident that if I just get into get into conversations with folks and not terrified that we will we will get there

Speaker 5  45:27
near the end of awesome Matthias My name is Ted and I'm a parasite marketer

Speaker 5  45:47
hold on second. I'm a parasite marketer and it to get my business going every day. So I don't want to work with anybody. I want to speak with I want to speak on Tony Robbins stage.

Unknown Speaker  46:04
Let me know something they have to get before I can get on Tony Robbins stage. You have no idea. You might have deputy doors but so I'm sitting in the room right now. We're only three people I know ares one. Chauncey hunters, another. Chris Johnson is another. So I met Chauncey at an event. I met him again and again. Last time could I speak of his day. Every time I spoken on stage to make 30,000 to $50,000. Because I went to that goddamn mastermind, my money

Speaker 5  46:57
and set through a whole bunch of whining posts guys and gals. They wanted everybody else to solve their problem. But I'm just willing to go to work and let someone go out and shoot. When they finished being the little shit out of me, I say, I've got a program that will sell when you try me that will give you the crappiest squat in the place. I had to get a lot of nose avoided that. But you're not getting any nose or Yes. On zoom or any other damn place. If you don't go press the flesh with the right people. So you need to think about parasite marketing. Because you haven't said one word and nobody in the room is pushing you towards marketing yourself. So if you go back and research Paul haar tune him. That guy spoke on a lot of stages. To get that $5,000 game made or is taking you back 20 years, getting 5000 bucks is a big effing deal. I'm in the streets down here with the real people. And if you're going to make money, you better press the flesh if you don't press the flesh that might be where we are today. All by yourself among this all of that and I don't even know you all of that is wasted talent. So no matter how talented you are, you got to sell your position. So every time I meet someone I'm saying to myself, How can I help them how could they help me? You're gonna say no to me a lot. I'm like get to know anyone you just grabs me by the button kicks me out dude just gives you nobody likes that. If you don't touch the people tough time to get any here. It's gonna get worse because people are going on to the internet. You don't touch him. I know Emily is she's gone now but she was sitting here for a year because she didn't want to get too close in case I did some bad news tomato started coming up. Right The point is you got to touch these people and they're gonna find out that like you you're a likable person. I can tell you good well had like mine and you got a big nose and a lot of people spent especially if you can do something for them. So you you got a talent, but um, am I supposed to know how to use like every other internet marketer ever seen? All you do is wear a black T shirt

Unknown Speaker  49:47
like those guys in black teachers can't see me and I haven't got one on I can tell you that right now.

Speaker 5  49:59
What a response I'm gonna jump into if myself or anyone when I printed that lesson, and I got on those program, I did get to work with Tony Robbins. I did make money with Tony. I did go to Kiyosaki, Lonnie, and I did make 150,000 bucks a day sometime. Yeah, I had to go and press the flesh and get No, I can't sit and wait for the people in the room while are empathizing with, with y'all here while making friends rather than dinners at all, you know, tell them and how good it is.

Unknown Speaker  50:39
I guess we only got time for a couple more questions. So

Speaker 14  50:42
yeah, this is related to that. Did you say you went to South by Southwest to sell guerilla marketing presentation there.

Speaker 6  50:52
I went to a trade show. And I said, I'm doing a breakout session, like over this room over here. And I walked around the trade show, and I tried different titles. You know, I'm, I'm doing a seminar on how to get rid of cold calling, you're doing a seminar on blah, blah, blah. And I said, I'm doing a seminar called guerilla marketing for high tech sales people go, Oh, I like that. And that became the name of my CD. And it was a, it was a industrial trade show and

Speaker 14  51:24
what I was, so I was, I had no idea what South by Southwest is about, I guess, like vaguely resonates with tech for me, like, I know, Tim Ferriss would have worked there or something like that. But some is there like some major national event, that sort of thing that was would speak that, you know, where you can just go around and tell me something like what Perry did, like I'm doing a breakout room unsticky your business, or like solving your biggest problem that I just talked about, like bottlenecks for software in the back off the bottleneck, right. But like if you went around like that, because if they saw you, you know, you feel like a tech guy. But then you've got all this and you say, I got this, I can solve this problem for you. And then you start talking to them. And they'll be like, This guy speaks my language and resolve my problems. Like that very did that work for you?

Speaker 11  52:31
Our second or third that Matthias? And I'll give you just a quick example. So I feel really appreciated the ton of above. So next time, I say, Well, how big of a big sloppy kiss. So I met Tom in May at the AI Summit. And it turns out that he's in Ann Arbor, and I'm about an hour away from Ann Arbor. So he said, come have coffee with me. And while we had coffee, we hit it off. And then he said, Hey, I'm part of this co working facility, you should come check that up. So I go to the co working facilities. And next thing you know, they're asking me to present to the entire all entrepreneurs, they're on AI. So that and then I shuffle 40 hands, and all of a sudden that had over touched that then even if it's just getting the reps and being in front of other people, and pressing the flesh to your point and showing up for they got me into this, it's like a it's called the WWE. It's like a pretty cool Chamber of Commerce type thing. So I go and I have breakfast once a month. But just meeting with people. And to that point, it's showing up and sure I do software, I do AI, but I'm a human being. And I've got all of this other skill set where I can help or provide advice without necessarily looking for, you know, to sell somebody on a big ticket item, but just just getting back into the mode of interacting with people directly doing it interpersonally it's helped me I don't maybe it'll help you. So

Speaker 15  54:09
the thing that keeps coming to my mind is manifesto or rant, or like, which like would you call it very one newsletter, you can call it manifesto and call it a chisel. I think it's basically your manifesto, your rant, your way of solving a problem that is so like when you went to the trade show. Your manifesto for that trade show was whenever the nine lies and guerrilla selling for high tech salespeople or whatever you had throughout your career. You've had basically manifesto after manifesto after manifesto. Here is the way this is the way Perry sees the problem and all the problems with that problem and the ways other people try to solve it. And here is my way of doing it. Here's my project Your take on it. And if you believe in this method, if you believe in my manifesto that you shouldn't take the next step, please. So I think there's people in this room, Harry, Chad, Chauncey, and some others probably who are really good at granting, and giving their main question. You know, and it won't help. But what I mean is, like, passionately talking about their take on the problem, and the way they solve the problem, that way they believe the problem should be solved. And there are people in the room who don't believe that way, as much. I, I just would like to encourage you guys to, I would like to know what your manifesto is, what your your rant on are on the particular problem that you love to solve, or, you know, you look at something in some industry, and you go, Oh, man, everybody's doing that wrong. And this is the way they should be doing it. And I've solved it for this person in this person, I could do it in my sleep. But if you keep doing it that way, you're just gonna keep I know you have it. I just don't. I just know Matthias is not a ranting personality. You know, but I would, I would want to encourage you to, like pull that out

Unknown Speaker  56:16
of the shell yourself,

Speaker 6  56:17
we need to wrap this. So I think you need a manifesto, Matthias. And you need either a lot of pressing the flash, or some kind of authoritative positioning from some kind of a platform that gives you authority to attract. And the former is easier, in the sense that it's just shoot other the ladder if you can pull it off, but the ladder will start with a manifesto that people really resonate with. And so you got a very deep toolbox. So let's keep this conversation going.

Unknown Speaker  57:08
And

Unknown Speaker  57:11
don't forget parasite

Unknown Speaker  57:13
parasite party. Emily, we have next

Unknown Speaker  57:16
we have our second

Speaker 16  57:24
or second partner luck, but it's called the third so go ahead and pull the partner lock slide up Xander. Here. Yes, your question or prompt is, what is it that made you successful to this point? And how will that help you in the road ahead? And how might that become a problem? Your partners are listed there. Be back at, say 320 20 minutes I'm sorry. June 20.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai