Unknown Speaker  00:25
So I just went and wrote the proper transaction for it. That'll fix it then wanting that oops, let me There we go. What'd

Unknown Speaker  00:53
you hear us okay I'm good

Speaker 1  01:04
you get any sleep last night and this is according to the time or some of those emails you were you were working putting into long hours.

Matthias Miller  01:12
I fell asleep on the recliner with her where we at APR nine month old for a few hours. This morning when I finally got up her five year old looked at me and he's like, how was your nap? That's about right

Unknown Speaker  01:39
did you get to see the Eclipse?

Speaker 2  01:41
It was amazing. We actually changed plans a second time. And instead of going to Dallas based from our from my uncle's house in Southeast Kansas and drove four hours into I think Central. Well northern Arkansas. And the weather was amazing. There. So yeah, really surreal experience. But yeah, how about you?

Speaker 1  02:29
Yeah, weather was perfect here. We watch them home at about 99% totality so okay. I think yeah, hearing people talk about they said there's a big difference between 99 and complete and it's like Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  02:50
yeah, it's it's hard to describe but you know, the essentially the black sun in the sky. Glowing is just pretty impressive.

Unknown Speaker  03:15
Didn't block Irving, Texas.

Speaker 1  03:18
He was one of those people that watch till the last minute and then he changed his plans.

Unknown Speaker  03:26
They bounced over to Arkansas.

Speaker 1  03:29
Well, Josh said or somebody was telling me that Texas went in Texas. It was cloudy. Right up until totality then it cleared all right over that time. Somewhere in Texas, somebody had that experience where

Speaker 2  03:46
Yeah, actually I had some cousins I forget exactly where but in Texas that had that. I mean, there were still some clouds there but it was you could see what was going on. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  04:10
Not sure if this is going to happen, but I made a decision. It's on my bucket list to go to Iceland at some point. Watching the clips from theirs. Officially on my long range.

Unknown Speaker  04:25
When is that? Like when do they? Is there 126?

Matthias Miller  04:35
Iceland eclipse 26.

Speaker 2  04:37
Okay. Maybe you could get in on auroras depending on who you're there

Unknown Speaker  04:53
cosmic phenomena.

Matthias Miller  04:55
It's about two weeks before my wife and my wife and my anniversary. This would be a great day University trip

Unknown Speaker  05:05
trying to close books on some of your current grammar so

Matthias Miller  05:10
you guys have better not be doing anything crazy

Matthias Miller  05:20
really say absence makes the heart grow fonder. So even even if it would you just come back, come back to people who appreciate me more.

Speaker 3  05:34
Nice, cool. All right. Well, should we go through the list? Or How's everybody feeling? Iran? All right, I think just top to bottom and see where we're at. Matthias a lot of companies specific signature adjustments. You're gonna check on, on that that's a juice that it wasn't working after the last update.

Matthias Miller  06:02
I feel like some of this stuff. Well, let me take actually one step back with where we're at. Do we want to spend any time today prioritizing for the rest of the month? I guess two questions. I can't remember where we're at in the sprint, we got to be getting close to the

Unknown Speaker  06:24
the 26th is when we have our priorities meeting. Okay.

Matthias Miller  06:31
So where would you want to? In relation to that? Would you want to spend some time this week or next reprioritizing things to see where we're at. rather wait until dev priorities. I feel like we have a giant just mess and accumulation. And we kind of have to? I would I would like to see this reprioritize mentioned this stuff. But

Speaker 1  06:58
I would prefer, I think we should pick out what what is essential the day for closing books for 23 and then planned to reprioritize next week ahead of the debt priorities meeting. Okay, because I think if we do that, we won't have everything done for closing books by next Thursday. But I think we'll be expect most of where we'll need your involvement we'll have. Yeah, we'll have that done, I think.

Matthias Miller  07:35
All right. So let's company specific signature adjustments, bump it out to? I mean, it's even maybe as far as the 25th just to get it out of our list.

Speaker 3  07:47
Okay, I'm gonna call date, so it doesn't switch them in real time, but I'll do it after the meeting. Okay.

Matthias Miller  07:53
Okay. Historically reconciled transactions we have. I believe we have what we need for the next two weeks. But I believe we also really need to have a more thorough conversation about edit restrictions on records that are going to or, I mean, we need a more in depth conversation, how to handle edits that want to affect historical transactions and how we will handle that. Does that sound right marketer?

Speaker 3  08:27
Okay, so we want to have that conversation. Do we want to bump this out a little bit?

Matthias Miller  08:34
I mean, yeah, I think this can also be 25th. And we can kind of look at priority when we Okay. Sounds good. Raw materials. Drew, it looks to me like you were making manual edits to fix up some of the raw material transactions. I think this is good. Or is there? Close this one out? Yeah, I think so.

Speaker 1  09:02
Okay. Well, if Drew moves those to the correct account, then your numbers should match. The reports they send, right?

Matthias Miller  09:16
Yeah, I did. I did math. I did math on my on my numbers. Okay. Versus what I sent Yeah, that's good. Have you checks Link can go down to the 25th.

Matthias Miller  09:40
I thought we had this one done. I don't know if this is injuries court to test or

Unknown Speaker  09:47
payroll transactions I

Speaker 3  09:48
think yeah, so this was ready to review as of last week, I think we had to clarify this was add context by line item. So Drew, is this done? Do we know? Um,

Speaker 4  10:01
Yes, except for it. It only works if the contact is a vendor. Like, if we get it makes that it would pull employee names. But I don't know, I don't know, is that the same thing? Or is it different, but I can't write a check out to anybody that is any contact other than a vendor as well.

Matthias Miller  10:29
So because this is, this is specifically for this, this task is specifically for the payroll import routes should allow you to import. Even though you can't write checks to employees, it should allow you to import transactions, but you're saying the transaction import fails and you put an employee in there.

Speaker 4  10:50
Right. Now, I don't know if it makes a difference. But I noticed that the employee names the the contact Well, I'm not sure which the term for the name but in the contact list, it says something like a display name of Mark Troyer, and then but the contact name might be something like Mark V. Troyer.

Speaker 4  11:20
Like, which one is trying to match, because it has to match identically and I don't know which name it's trying to match actually.

Matthias Miller  11:30
Would be the this would be this display name thing? Let's let me let me pull up that specific example.

Unknown Speaker  11:52
The handwritten shapes over here

Speaker 4  11:57
are simulated We know what needs to match.

Matthias Miller  12:02
Like here's one. Roger Johnson. Yeah, display name is Roger Johnson. EMP. In that one, you should be inputted as Roger Johnson EMP. So it should be the display name. Okay,

Speaker 4  12:18
then I'll just have to go find all those display names figure out? Do you want to change the display name to match what's on your sheet? Or do you want to change yours, you need to match the display.

Matthias Miller  12:30
This is up to you. But I think you could also have a secondary tab in your spreadsheet with a mapping and then do a VLOOKUP. To pull the contact name into that column?

Speaker 1  12:44
Well, I wonder if at some point, this goes back to the earlier we still have it on our list to work with Dwayne to the reason we did, okay, in the end, we want to have the ideal would be to have employee names. Same everywhere like Make, make so that assist. We know because a contact can now be multiple types. We no longer have to do Roger Johnson EMP we can go with some more, we can change that to Roger Johnson and we should edit to make sure that it's his legal name or whatever name we want to use, and then go to Whitney, who's doing payroll terms and have her use that name. So that we're not doing this journal. Yeah. But

Unknown Speaker  13:35
but that's what we need to know for now. Yeah. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  13:38
So this is still in your court. And but we can also bump it out to the 25th to get it past the current.

Unknown Speaker  13:46
Yeah, do that

Unknown Speaker  13:47
closing. Okay, sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  13:53
Balance shifting.

Matthias Miller  13:55
I mean, we should be we've we've you should not have seen any shifts because of our apart from what we've been doing in our work and I don't know that I touched any reconcile transactions. I think this particular one can be closed out. Does that sound right? Yes.

Speaker 4  14:12
Yeah. Yeah, everything I've saw seen, I think is particular to what you've been working on. So okay.

Matthias Miller  14:21
Oh, depreciation numbers. If that's on my list for today, I should probably import assets for you guys.

Speaker 1  14:29
Wow. Yeah, sure. See if it works there's but you're also waiting on me for

Matthias Miller  14:36
for what am i right because I was waiting on you and updated file or something. But if I can, good.

Speaker 1  14:42
Okay, I think last week talk you were going to try using the file I had make sure and go as far as what makes sense knowing that I would send an update file but basically doing this uploads with a Well, here's where I'm at I, I'm waiting on. By Friday, I will have missed Friday, I shouldn't have updated files for all three companies for you to import. So, if you still want to test what I send you today I think it could be good is to expect we'll probably run into a few snakes that I don't know it's that's your call,

Matthias Miller  15:32
it might get a day off or turn around time if that's valuable to you.

Unknown Speaker  15:39
It Yeah, it is. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 4  15:45
Do I need to create new accounts? Some new asset accounts probably to make so you can even do it

Unknown Speaker  15:54
there I think so. But let's

Speaker 4  15:57
so you're gonna take what Whitney has in QuickBooks and put them into the accounts that we already have laid out. Okay. I

Speaker 1  16:05
don't think I think those are all in but let's I'll make a note. Let's look at it afterwards. But

Speaker 4  16:11
like, we're not trying to match these accounts that she has in QuickBooks.

Speaker 1  16:16
We are not no. It's basically I think there are six asset accounts that match the classes and I think we have all of those

Unknown Speaker  16:28
I'll double check all the companies thank you right

Unknown Speaker  16:38
okay, do we have everything we need on that one? Okay, problem adding new reconciliation period

Speaker 4  16:49
that's good to go I think. Okay, okay. All right. Unless I just learned how to use it. I'm not sure which Well,

Matthias Miller  17:00
I mean, I know that I know the devs made some changes fix some stuff I was trying to find the email where they actually are saying

Speaker 4  17:11
like I mean, it works the way that I would think it should like when I I have to close a period before I can open a new one. Like I can't leave Yeah, I can't have the last period as open and open a new one so I uncheck the last period create a new one go in and reconcile so good. Seems to be

Matthias Miller  17:44
based on my end there changes should be live so no reason argue

Unknown Speaker  17:52
Oh Joel add cash flow statements

Speaker 2  17:55
in progress I'm actually actively working on it but but not done.

Speaker 3  18:03
Okay, sounds good. Matthias investigate error create process for moving payments from one episode to another 25th Through you were testing the track reconciliation by statement or the reconciliation event log. says we were going to redo some refining and bump it to mid April so do we want to bump it a little further? Yeah. Okay. 25th Yep. Matthias show ending bank or credit card balance for pending items.

Matthias Miller  18:46
All of the next four okay.

Unknown Speaker  18:52
25th 2015

Matthias Miller  18:53
Yep, looks good revise purchase order

Unknown Speaker  19:03
all right process for closing accounting impact update to mid April. So I

Matthias Miller  19:14
think this is isn't it? This isn't I'm not sure why this is in closing process for okay, I'm confused with this is because it seems like that's exactly what we're doing and almost.

Speaker 4  19:29
Is this the actual closing of the books? Yeah, it

Speaker 3  19:32
might be where's the where's my cch? Incident?

Matthias Miller  19:36
No, this is the this turned into from the closing process to the lockdown. Compare current accounting impact versus expected if there are any changes for their check. This is the we should I'm going to rename the incident and change the title to Ah friendly way to lock historical transactions for accounting impact. Hmm, okay. And then this goes out to the 21st

Unknown Speaker  20:25
I wonder what John's thinking? The look tells me that it doesn't fit his.

Speaker 2  20:33
No, it's just I find somehow I found the friendly way to lot

Matthias Miller  20:46
that's when marketer meets soccer. I guess I don't know. We'll set you down gracefully here. This is also the 25th. Man, this deal account thing is painful. Joel, if we just been a job over to Tata to look for indices and other ways to speed up the GL account? Their general Yeah. General Ledger report? Is that something we could just

Speaker 2  21:28
Robley. So now I'm not quite sure how that relates to the Okay, so and see if any speed can be gained now.

Matthias Miller  21:41
Okay, we can skip a column for the GL account, even just for starters, but it's good. It probably.

Speaker 2  21:53
So this is the main transaction report, or is this the ledger?

Matthias Miller  21:59
This is for? I think they're both low. Was the ledger, but

Matthias Miller  22:16
I think they have they both have similar similar limitations. The Ledger report, we're running more frequently because we're when we're drilling down from it, because we have been drilling down from a balance sheet. It's probably technically not probably saying this more like, hey, this could be a really simple thing that we can hand off, then a yeah, this is literally a priority in the next few weeks.

Speaker 2  22:44
Interesting, man, it doesn't make me start wondering about turtles, etc. But anyway, that's beyond the scope of this part of the conversation.

Matthias Miller  22:56
Well, maybe maybe we should bump it up to the 25th in United tack and see whether it's indices or totals or what exactly that might look like. Sure. I have thought about hills as well. Okay.

Speaker 2  23:09
Are you going to follow up on initiating conversation be

Matthias Miller  23:16
as a leave in my court and initiate conversation when I get there?

Matthias Miller  23:25
As it says three GL accounts

Matthias Miller  23:39
I forget whether this is current is this?

Speaker 4  23:42
Yeah, that's um, we opened it up. So that like we did a quick fix, we're just not requiring a a review process or permissions are saying that they put it in the right account.

Matthias Miller  23:59
So that can be a 25th thing. Yeah. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  24:13
Well validated against accounts.

Matthias Miller  24:15
Were already basically at the 20/25 I mean, yeah, that's where it should be no change, no change

Matthias Miller  24:30
I think namely 652. Did we 652. I think if we did that, yeah, we I mean, we had done a version of that report. I'm not quite sure if it was actually what we ended up meeting or not, but you drew can we consider this? Done and you ask for a new report if you need something else.

Speaker 4  24:56
Yeah, go for it

Unknown Speaker  25:05
Okay, sounds good.

Matthias Miller  25:08
And then we're all off in future lala land well, I guess you can scroll down to the unscheduled stuff

Speaker 3  25:12
we are yeah I think we only have two actually new ones we have a couple we didn't date but so change reconcile reports show all unreconciled transactions 9768

Matthias Miller  25:25
DREW bottom line on the changes to the reconcile report is that Joel responded to me I didn't read the email the very high level summary is that we don't believe in this for across the board all standard systems. If you need something for this in the short term, I say we create a separate user report and we can happy to talk later it does not feel like a feels like a report reprioritize so do you need a GED something in the next week or two?

Speaker 4  26:02
Um, no, what I've been doing is just opening both a current reconcile and the one that I'm specifically looking at and then I can see them all so I just I just go back and forth and compare the two and make it work

Speaker 3  26:26
so is this a reprioritize? Are we going to consider this to be done?

Matthias Miller  26:33
Is this an ongoing issue for you drew I

Speaker 4  26:37
take it off. I'm just take it off. I'll keep working with it. See if I can refine a little bit more exactly what I might be looking for. And then at that point, we can bring it back up. Okay, okay. I think that'd be the best

Matthias Miller  26:58
I would probably just

Matthias Miller  27:05
Yeah, I would probably just keep it active and dump it out and have it be injury scored to refine since we already have an incident with background and context now that's fair.

Unknown Speaker  27:21
I guess we just put it in just getting used to doing that. That's not right this time. Okay, put it there. Sure. Well, does it really get to

Unknown Speaker  27:37
it's not gonna be the for good to anyway, so

Matthias Miller  27:40
it's gonna be I would choose August 1 or something I returned out

Speaker 3  27:44
there just from dropping off. Okay, sounds good. We didn't put a date on report for reconciliation, but that's not new. Just says there's no urgency anymore. Right

Matthias Miller  27:56
three to six three. Should

Unknown Speaker  27:58
I add a date to that to read? Oh, let's surface some point.

Speaker 4  28:04
Isn't that the one we said well considered closed and bring it back up. We need to report

Matthias Miller  28:12
to me Let me see what this one is.

Speaker 3  28:15
Yeah, last week I just said it would be nice to have no urgency anymore number

Matthias Miller  28:22
three report of all transactions that have an event type set

Matthias Miller  28:35
transaction ID event typing event record ID I mean if you don't need it anymore, we can close it out

Speaker 4  28:47
yeah, I think it's connected to that reconciliation report. Basically the same thing. Okay, great.

Speaker 3  28:57
Same thing with contacts or multiple email addresses in one RG row. We just don't have a date on it. Does it need to

Matthias Miller  29:04
Jonathan came back and he said he thinks it was just a temporary thing and we don't have to worry about it. Okay

Speaker 3  29:17
so closing all right, one last new one then is allowed deactivating right off reasons. 9782. Alright, sorry, let me know. That's fine. I don't know why I don't find the links on

Matthias Miller  29:38
9782 I think I actually toss it over to Tadek already.

Unknown Speaker  29:44
I think so I had that. It's done. Yeah, it's

Matthias Miller  29:47
waiting for an update. Okay. We've not done we've managed to successfully do a whole bunch of stuff without pushing an update. So I don't know whether we should be terrified or excited about getting an update soon, but

Unknown Speaker  30:07
well, do I need to give a date one to we

Matthias Miller  30:09
just throw it up to the 20/25. And let's reprove it. That's kind of a reprioritize date, I guess. Perfect. All

Unknown Speaker  30:15
right. Well, then we're done with lists.

Matthias Miller  30:20
Good. So Joel has cash flows, and I have asset imports. Andrew and mark, and what are you guys doing with your time these days? Anyway? We're

Unknown Speaker  30:31
very

Matthias Miller  30:35
sure of that. Me.

Unknown Speaker  30:45
Jump on, jump off if you guys don't need me.

Matthias Miller  30:47
I think we're good. Thanks. Anything, anything for job? Interviews?

Speaker 1  31:06
Oh, just I mean, you're we're going to have this is just pretty high level, but. So assets we're going to have? Were you involved with the asset management build out? For your?

Speaker 2  31:24
Yes. Well, okay. Yes. Basically, at least in terms of depreciation schedules, and that sort of thing? Is that what you're referring to?

Speaker 1  31:34
Well, let me Yeah, somewhat. But so we have the way we build the asset management table primarily for depreciation, but it's evolving into where that's still the primary use, but we also want to use it for assets held for sale. So in one company, we're doing some renovation houses, where we want to use the asset management to keep that organized and basically say, you know, here's the purchase price, here's the closing costs, here's all of that stuff, which is one of the reasons why we had it the grouping ability. And then we would, and anything that those would, anything that's held for sale would obviously not be depreciated. But we could still manage in the asset management, gotcha. Table, even things like that we pull raw materials out of inventory. No. And that was what, we just journal that into there. And then on the balance, would like I don't just have a very high level, do you see any reasons why that should not work?

Unknown Speaker  32:56
Um, I mean, from a very high level. Nothing's hitting me offhand.

Speaker 1  33:09
When the asset sells like these, like that, then we'll just record a sale of acid.

Speaker 2  33:21
All right, so. Okay, so I guess one question, Are you are you considering this these to be operating transactions or more like investment transactions?

Speaker 1  33:36
More like investment transactions where we want the income to show up like in non operating expenses, I think is what we call it?

Matthias Miller  33:46
Which sure, do we

Speaker 1  33:51
plan for that animal? Is that mapping, we have to set up that it goes to a specific GL account, like gain or loss on sale of asset? I think we

Speaker 4  34:06
it's no that would be when we make the sale. We just have to write it

Speaker 1  34:14
to the problem account. But I think there's functionality built into asset management where you can say, this was sold on, you know, this day. And the intent was that it would whatever, automate some of that, but

Unknown Speaker  34:36
it does sound drain.

Unknown Speaker  34:38
So just not something we have to look at right now. But

Speaker 1  34:46
what what's most, I mean, should we just poke around, try it out on our side? Is it more helpful if we send you an example of what we want to do and then you Have you tested on your site? Are you you take a look at it on your site and we talk about it further to make sure that we

Speaker 2  35:12
Yeah, I mean it My sense is it would probably be most helpful if you would try it out and and and figure out where is the current stuff not not working and then yeah and somewhere between you and we can figure out what changes are going to be most effective in actually getting it working as you want for for that situation.

Speaker 1  35:57
Okay, good. Yeah, that's all I had. Cool.

Speaker 2  36:02
All right, well, glad you were able to catch the events in the sky and good connecting with you all. Thank you. All right

Matthias Miller  36:21
all right. You guys have anything else on your end that you need to that we should be talking about? Um,

Speaker 1  36:31
I just made a note of a four things to touch briefly. One was did Josh ping you on the quota discussion then he did a column about something else and then you call it and I thought well, I'm gonna bring up to me so yeah it's good. finished goods inventory. I think we're good on everything other than well, it made sense you moved you change builder to move it to the right accounting company. Which takes care of what we need for right now. Agree at some point we may need to disrupt that hit that is an area where it's a bit messy but I'm assuming it didn't get the time to look at any of these but I'm assuming the ones that had no builder were miscellaneous sales orders. And no did not No, no, no. Wow.

Matthias Miller  37:38
They had skins. So I mean, I wonder if

Unknown Speaker  37:43
they weren't miscellaneous orders from ships direct or they

Matthias Miller  37:51
it's very possible let me I think

Speaker 1  37:52
though, yeah, those would always get a little nervous when we start into these conversations about the wrong people being paid for the buildings. There's not a lot of them but that would Yeah, if you take a look at a few of those, I expect that

Matthias Miller  38:13
let me see building builder changes I've gotten here I've gotten walkthrough

Unknown Speaker  38:25
share my screen

Matthias Miller  38:33
Alright, so these were good do you you agreed with the moves here as far as these are concerned?

Speaker 1  38:42
I haven't had time to look at them but let's look at one of those but then the ones at the bottom are the ones I really want

Matthias Miller  38:49
to look at. Hey Sure. Yeah. Alright, so this one well

Speaker 1  38:56
smart shed if you go to the go to the modification history on

Matthias Miller  39:08
the builder builder was moved from Roman to Honeyville

Unknown Speaker  39:14
when was when was it built

Matthias Miller  39:18
building see build on 314 And when was that there was moved on the 28th

Speaker 1  39:27
so if you scroll up to where the building the build date well okay there's there was no other

Matthias Miller  39:34
this is the only time these are the only times that filter was

Speaker 1  39:37
okay, thank good yeah. Okay, but you changed it do you make another change to it then back again?

Matthias Miller  39:45
No, so your looks just get down to building builder. And we can just so got created. It got assigned a Roman When it got created, got reassigned to Honeyville before it was built. But now and then I just use master builder, and it's ABC one.

Speaker 1  40:14
But who actually the person that actually Honeyville actually build it, right?

Matthias Miller  40:20
Yeah. I mean, apparently. I mean, it was it was Honeyville at the time of build. Yes. So

Speaker 1  40:27
so then we should actually in that case, we should change it to, to shed time as

Matthias Miller  40:36
well, we can we can change it back to Honeyville. If you want it on the ship time. FDI. Okay,

Speaker 1  40:41
and you did this because I was You did this to match what I was showing in my FDI. Correct. Okay, so good. Let's, let's leave it as is. This is one of the things that later this year, we'll probably have to slog through. So as it sits, now, these all matched the list I sent to you.

Matthias Miller  41:01
That is correct. I mean, they did this, just to get things to tie out. Perfect.

Speaker 1  41:06
Let's take a quick look at one or two of these down here.

Matthias Miller  41:17
Alright, here's one.

Speaker 1  41:19
So this one has no building attached. What is this? Can you look at the attachment from sheds? DeRay.

Matthias Miller  41:27
Is it the builder diagram? Or is it something else? Yeah, okay, that's what a pic of a metal plate. So these are probably by just pick another random one. This is probably it's pick one from ship time and one from ABC maybe. Another diagram?

Speaker 1  41:51
That's we've seen enough? That's good. So good. Um, I'm finished with the inventory. Asset Management. I made a note, we talked about that already. You're gonna try and do a test upload at least part of the way. And then where I'm at just a bit of backstory is I need to go to Whitney or Whitney's working to? Are you familiar with tax depreciation schedules?

Matthias Miller  42:23
Not super. I mean, we've talked a little bit about how they can very friendly.

Speaker 1  42:28
Sure. Basically, she sent me that list, which is what I worked off of to create the asset list for historical and it doesn't match your balance sheet, she says that she needs to make some updates on her depreciation list in order to match numbers on our balance sheet. And then once you does that, my numbers should match the balance sheet values of assets as well. And then I'll have everything I need to send off to you. And then you import that and it should. So good on that. The last thing I had was applying actual costs on miscellaneous invoices. So Drew and I are hoping to apply actual costs today for shared time for the month, and we'll probably do it baby, January, February together for production labor, and for raw materials. The production labor is pretty straightforward. You've reset all of those accounts to zero and we'll just we'll just look at what was incurred so far this year, for that time period, apply the actual cause. And you know where to update the standard costing percentages moving forward, right? Because at that, we'll probably do that as well. The

Speaker 4  43:49
percentages. Yeah, that was that's not on the Accounting tab is

Matthias Miller  44:00
it's on the the inventory, the material percentage is on the district. And the other percentages are in the is on the builder

Matthias Miller  44:16
the inventory, no I'm sorry, the production labor production overhead around the builder. We should see if we can retire the inventory percentage number now. Not sure if that's being used anywhere.

Speaker 4  44:29
So where is that builder at?

Matthias Miller  44:36
Account accounting. Let's see. It's under admin users builders. And then you go in drop into builder and then go into ABC water wherever and the under building inventory percentage as you can see the production labor and production overhead percentage Sure.

Speaker 1  45:00
So is the inventory percentage, just the read only here? And you said that on the district? The

Matthias Miller  45:06
inventory percentage, I think is the old inventory percentage for the old inventory calculations. So presumably, you just want to that's what I was wondering. I have not, I have not taken a look to see if

Matthias Miller  45:29
if we can I wonder, I'm not sure if we're using it anywhere. But it seems to me like, at some point, it'd be nice to delete that field. Because I think it's, it's strictly

Speaker 1  45:49
so some other things on. So we're not applying at this point, we're waiting on depreciation expenses. Go as IT management, and then depreciation expenses to be entered so that we have a production overhead, because that will increase that actual cost. So we're not doing production overhead today yet the on raw materials. That one's a little more is more involved. So the EU had sent me a report, I forget what you call it. But when we did when we had the first set of income statements, which basically break down all buildings that were invoice on that income statement, I don't know if you remember what it was called. You showed like, what revenue account? How much was any drug? Like? Let me see if I can see what that's

Matthias Miller  46:57
I have an FTA. Calculate FTA calculations report and I have a verse. So happy version one and version three.

Speaker 1  47:09
Can you share your screen on one of those? Maybe this time? I'm just

Matthias Miller  47:15
gonna guess this is should we? Well?

Speaker 1  47:20
Should we move to not doing districts and just calling companies but?

Matthias Miller  47:26
Oh, no, I think that is a novel idea.

Speaker 1  47:33
We were talking about it internally this morning. And we think we should start taking steps to just call the company by the accounting company name and districts eventually just fade away. Okay, so several questions. One, is this report that Drew can access or you can you can make it a user report. So he can use it for right now. Just

Matthias Miller  47:54
so because I sent him a link, something.

Unknown Speaker  48:06
Must not assume that if I did,

Unknown Speaker  48:07
okay. Oh, yeah.

Matthias Miller  48:12
This is did you want to take a closer look?

Speaker 1  48:15
Well, I do want to take a look at this. Now this is good. But then I also want to take a look at the report. So

Unknown Speaker  48:24
so we're going to, okay, so today we're going to, we're going to say, to build

Matthias Miller  48:35
to build all the buildings we

Speaker 1  48:37
build in January, we consume $50,000 worth of raw materials. And then we're going to apply that maybe the standard costing is going to be 45. And we apply that and it all they all increase proportionately. What happens with if you look on this report, like the affordable bar, about quarter a third of the way down from the top to the affordable the miscellaneous sales order, so we have raw material costs. So that cost will remain on touch because there's no standard, right?

Matthias Miller  49:12
You need to I believe, which you need to Yes, there is no sin, the actual cost is only applied to a building. And so what you need to do is you need to be ducked 5050 to 36 off of your actual cost number.

Speaker 1  49:31
Perfect. That's what we expected wanted to verify. The second thing is, what would it take to create a report pretty much a report like this, but that looks at buildings that were built in this timeframe because okay, we want this report but we would actually what would be ideal would be to have another report similar to this that looks at all miscellaneous sales orders that were invoiced in the timeframe and all buildings that were built in that timeframe which is technically what that what that report would show us is it would say okay, here's everything that consumed raw materials bills for the month your actual So, nothing changes on the miscellaneous sales. But on the buildings with skins instead of looking at invoice date, we're looking at built date.

Matthias Miller  50:49
Which so could we do a simple report? We buy?

Matthias Miller  51:00
Yes, please. This guy in the here and then we'll

Unknown Speaker  51:11
talk about EPA what

Matthias Miller  51:13
they, that'll be. Alright, so you would want to have

Matthias Miller  51:27
I mean, how important is it to you? Well, you're gonna use this report going forward then to calculate what your actual costs which you believe your actual costs? Know, what's your? Yeah. Yeah. Well,

Speaker 1  51:42
okay, good question. You're asking how what's the plan on using this moving forward? Right?

Matthias Miller  51:47
Yes, correct.

Speaker 1  51:49
Well, short term it is. We want to look at it and say all these Okay, here's, here's what standard costing gives us for the period, and then we want to go through and say, Okay, we have five custom buildings or five full barns that you know, the standard costing needs to be overwritten with a Yeah, our best estimate because we're going to have some buildings where

Unknown Speaker  52:38
I'm this is sort of a a

Matthias Miller  52:47
let me okay, but and you're going to use this regardless. So for buildings is going to be based on build date? And miscellaneous sales words, there'll be based off of any any sales quarter that is not linked to a stin. And is not quote or canceled.

Unknown Speaker  53:11
A raw materials consumption amount?

Matthias Miller  53:15
Yeah, it's only raw materials. I guess it would be.

Speaker 1  53:20
Well, I mean, it is only raw materials, but we would use it in the same. Well, okay, what do we have a report currently, that after we've applied actual cause, shows us what well, this report would like we can look at it before we apply actual costs and kind of say, Okay, here's what we think is going to happen. Like everything that's frozen. All the miscellaneous sales orders, those amounts will stay unchanged. But and then we can look at it after we've applied actual costs. And obviously, the actual costs would all be

Matthias Miller  54:08
built in. This would be FGI. standard cost in dollars. For raw materials, right? You're looking for the standard cost. Yeah, it's the standard cost report. Okay, so here's this one. No, let's do this

Matthias Miller  54:36
zero to get pipe list. Okay, so there's that one and then for the

Matthias Miller  54:48
we just get this far enough that it makes sure that I've got all the requirements right. So this would be for anything that not so cancel not so is quote, not and not so cancel is canceled and not has our GSS building stin and not is an air zero. So raw materials cost and then here we do so ID

Matthias Miller  55:31
is also pipe list okay so raw materials well long and at that point this becomes another two minutes and I'll have your report model group string value materials placed in another one today so

Unknown Speaker  56:01
this is tableaus

Matthias Miller  56:17
This is the so Id slash Stan and this is the

Matthias Miller  56:27
let's see what before we completely lose everything

Matthias Miller  56:38
let's also summit deck and let's group by another one. We had a dump so Jana was asking what do we do get a dumpster that we use for people we have nothing to lose waste for we use rent because that's technically what it is in some ways on our radar

Speaker 4  57:18
we got so many edge case things because of the houses and shutdowns doing and the ball barns the balanced storage lots that you know it just creates a whole bunch of stuff

Speaker 1  57:35
so lots are gonna be a lot of fun later this year probably third quarter or meat or you doing US tax like well

Speaker 4  57:48
not super familiar but we're filing zeros on US tax currently So

Unknown Speaker  57:51
you mean for us

Unknown Speaker  57:55
I'm pretty sure that's not quite what we're supposed to be but

Matthias Miller  57:59
yeah, this would be this would be good to have the date the builder invoice date on it I'm guessing

Matthias Miller  58:11
word per note well

Unknown Speaker  58:12
that you say which date

Matthias Miller  58:16
the builder invoice date the bill or invoice builder was able to explore the the build date

Unknown Speaker  58:26
it ideally would have the build date for for buildings and the invoice date or

Unknown Speaker  58:34
Yeah

Unknown Speaker  58:36
or missiles or anything that does not

Matthias Miller  58:41
we should also probably not do this for all miscellaneous orders you should probably filter that down string

Matthias Miller  58:57
and then here we're looking at

Matthias Miller  59:06
macro

Matthias Miller  59:18
we could sort by date and then Id

Matthias Miller  59:33
why are we not what am I missing? That's what I'm missing. Let's right align this to keep it consistent. All right, something like that.

Speaker 1  59:49
So now we have buildings with a built date. And then this what is the other subset? You don't have that yet right.

Matthias Miller  59:58
I mean we have the Oh Miss Only

Speaker 1  1:00:00
sales hours raw material value he yeah that we should probably

Matthias Miller  1:00:11
also filter by we do company

Matthias Miller  1:00:32
the 80s? Yes. All right. And then here we can do is do match counting company

Matthias Miller  1:00:55
this is either building

Unknown Speaker  1:01:05
a better way to do this

Matthias Miller  1:01:15
I guess we could do

Matthias Miller  1:01:22
we have the accounting district, let's do it by district

Matthias Miller  1:01:39
here we would be looking at do you do you have any do you know in either district about what it's going to be? No, I

Speaker 1  1:01:48
don't. We're going to focus on doing shed time today.

Matthias Miller  1:01:54
But no, I have no idea. Okay. And so accounting district equals. Alright, so then if we rerun this for Indiana?

Speaker 1  1:02:14
And then can we just add like, can you add most of the columns that you had? I think pretty much all of the columns that you had on the other report that we start like, oh, it showed take a look at it. So I think it would be helpful to have to get one Oh, we had back there. But so Id billing name builder. We already have built on dominate that delivery date use for that. If

Matthias Miller  1:02:48
we're going to if we're going to do that we should split this out between this linear sales orders and buildings.

Speaker 1  1:02:57
And create two separate reports you're saying? Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:03:06
Well, it would be nice to have it all in one report, though, just to be able to see the totals at the bottom. I mean, could we just like leave some columns? The columns that don't apply? Can we just leave those blank?

Matthias Miller  1:03:29
Or? Yeah, we could. Okay, so the billing name, we need to break down what each one's let me let me do this. Let's go through let's go through the columns that you'd be looking for. So billing name you would want that's, I know what this is on the on the sales order. What do you want? Do you want it blank on the building?

Unknown Speaker  1:03:59
Yeah, just leave it blank a building. Builder. But okay, if we go back to the soI D, I'd say

Speaker 1  1:04:10
if there isn't, if it has a sales order, I would I would also do the so like some of these are going to be some of these are going oh, sorry. Sorry. No, I meant back to the one column to the left. If if they have if the building is already attached to a sales order, and has a customer name or billing name, I think it would be helpful to have that there just for reference,

Matthias Miller  1:04:37
right. So we want to split out right Right, right. Okay. Use linked sales order if building is linked to a sales order. So builder, which means that it split then versus so it can we got builder?

Speaker 1  1:05:04
While we would have and filling name, I would do the same way just when you're looking at it like oh, yeah, this is that Katie control? Because

Matthias Miller  1:05:14
I will do that across the board. Okay. Builder built?

Speaker 1  1:05:20
No go ahead builder we Yeah built on you already have that I believe right? Yeah

Matthias Miller  1:05:29
I'm just listening in here so that we can Oh, I'm gonna make this the master list of every everything final delivery. So built on is building builder is building final delivery date is coming out the building

Unknown Speaker  1:05:45
meaning the fact that there's final delivery date I don't think we need on this report, size, description invoice date those whose with all

Matthias Miller  1:06:02
and then manufacturer

Speaker 1  1:06:04
price we need the revenue, all the revenue columns No, jump over to the raw materials cause that that we need

Speaker 1  1:06:23
now let's go through the columns first. But I do have some questions on the next three columns. But but we do want everything we do want. Starting with raw materials, percentage dollars, we do want everything from from there on out from there to the right.

Speaker 1  1:06:50
Yeah. Now, so that yeah, that would be that report would be real helpful to as we go to FY cause my thought was, we can look at it and say, Okay, here's what we're applying costs to we can use it to subtract our raw material costs, and then we can look at it after we've applied the costs and see what then we would have frozen numbers and we could see what changed.

Speaker 1  1:07:26
So I think I mean, aside from that, the only question, other questions I have are on those those three columns, just that we just jumped over that. Okay, store inventory, count calculated inventory and percentage shift. There's a, I can't figure out what like there's one that shifts 60%? What, what happened there? Or why did it or just pick pick anyone that that shifted?

Matthias Miller  1:08:03
So here we said manufacturer price was 2926. We said the weight should not be what? stored? calculated? How do we calculate it? We calculate it based off of raw materials. Labor.

Matthias Miller  1:08:38
I mean, these are all old numbers. Do you care about old numbers?

Speaker 1  1:08:43
What does that mean? Like old numbers from from where? Well,

Matthias Miller  1:08:46
it's based on the raw material percentage plus the inventory percentage that we saw on the builder record

Unknown Speaker  1:08:54
from a long time ago. Well, I

Matthias Miller  1:08:56
mean, it says that we it's somewhere this percentage here. Okay, so what builder is this?

Matthias Miller  1:09:09
Sorry, I lost. I lost my way.

Matthias Miller  1:09:20
By the way, I Yeah. I wouldn't have to do you guys. Sorry, let me do runs. Well, if you want your report before sooner rather than later, I do have a 12 to 1230. But terrapins

Speaker 1  1:09:38
well on this, what you're saying is this, these reports are I mean, all I care about, I think all we care about is just the standard percentages that we're now using and when and then the frozen cost to the right of that.

Matthias Miller  1:09:54
Yeah, the bottom line is it's it's it's the fact that what we calculated using the inventory The percentage here, which is old calculation method does not match what we stored for that amount. That's what it said,

Speaker 1  1:10:07
then, yeah, those we don't need to see those are like those columns are probably more confusing than helpful. So if you get time, take them off of this report as well. If not, we'll just ignore them. Here I can

Matthias Miller  1:10:23
run materials stored inventory value, Calc, inventory value and the percentage shift. Easy as that. Okay, so this one, this one I'm going to shoot over to you drew now that you've got it. I have

Unknown Speaker  1:10:39
oh, well, this one is,

Unknown Speaker  1:10:41
I guess not the change. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:10:44
I mean, if you have the version three, I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:48
Go ahead and send it

Matthias Miller  1:10:50
and then I will get this one. Done in the next 10 minutes and get that over to you and then you guys can

Unknown Speaker  1:10:58
Yeah, sounds

Matthias Miller  1:10:59
good. Awesome.

Speaker 1  1:11:01
Asset Management. I'll get that over to you tomorrow. But if you run into anything, yeah, shoot me an email. Let me know what you find there.

Matthias Miller  1:11:08
Okay, sounds good. We'll do Thanks, guys. Yep, yep.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai