Speaker 1  00:00
One of the questions I face with clients too is, what happens when you're predominantly a thinker and not a doer? And there, I think there are people who are exceptionally good at thinking. Think, if you're friends with me, you probably have that you might have a, at least a small bit of a philosophical bent. And if you have not an ounce of philosophy in you, you probably don't really enjoy spending too much time. I think this is fine. The the problem when you're a thinker is the problem at any point is that your greatest strength can become your greatest liability. And the problem when you are a thinker is that you don't always, you're not always paying attention between productive thought and debilitating thought. And so productive thought is when is is the healthy place of your thinking at play, where it translates into some kind of external momentum in the world. And debilitating thought is when you have a clear path to go and and the moment you start working to put it into action, you call it into question. You You know the inner doubt starts yelling at you. And so you start to rationalize and replay and rework and revamp everything that that you had. I had a conversation with a client, a consultation with a client who who had this, had been working on this idea for a long time, and had this particular way to create incredible results for business owners in a short amount of time, and had had done it in the past, had results and really did quite well at it. And and in the middle of our call, gave a five minute riff on why this actually mattered and why this was the most important thing. Then turn around and ask me, Do you think this has any kind of place in the market anyway? The question caught me off guard, because, because the riff had so much potency that I and he had so much conviction behind what he was saying, that I found it impossible to believe that that there would not be people if he simply shared that five minute riff with people that they wouldn't buy into his body proposition and into what it is that he had to offer. I think, I think one of the one of the things for folks who are really skilled at thinking is that you have to be mindful of, is what is your way of translating thought into action? And I think anytime you have, you have thought that does not at some point, if you have thought that is not at some point able to be translated into action, it ends up becoming cyclical, and you end up getting stuck. I think to that, I would also add that there's different ways of moving thought into action. I think often we get in our own way because of of reasons of ego and self protection and fear, and we've never done it before, and criticism and the inner critic and all of these things. But I also think we we fail to put things in action because we don't know our methodology for deploying other people into action. And there are some people who, who will naturally do this by inspiring other people with some kind of grand vision. Other people will will have some kind of motivational event. Some people will will appeal to the to the conscientiousness, to people's conscientiousness, some people will simply, simply use commands to turn them, turn them into action. And, you know, without, without putting any kind of judgment on any of those approaches, I think you need to know kind of your own formula for what are the ways that you excel at taking ideas and turning them into action, and start building that as a habit into your life. Do more of it? Enjoy the feedback loops. Get better at it. Double down on it. And so if there's one thing that I took away from that client, client engagement that, you know, something that I saw in my, in myself, has been kind of learning that that signature, like, let's get this thing out there. Yeah.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai