Speaker 1  00:00
Publishing companies they would try to go to the meetings I had the Business Journal, they almost changed their entire format to match some of my format. Okay? Helen called me one day. She said, You seen the Business Journal? I said, No. She said they almost copied a lot of your stuff.

Speaker 2  00:18
So when you say, format, is it the actual, physical way

Speaker 1  00:21
it's laid out, yeah, yeah, the way it's laid out, the sections,

Unknown Speaker  00:26
you know, what's in there, and

Speaker 1  00:28
why the content? Yeah, yeah, because I created a lot of different things, a lot. And for example, fashion, nobody's ever doing fashion, even the newspaper didn't have any real fashion. I started putting models, bringing the model agency, and going out on the streets and going different places. And we'd actually do the shoots every single month out. And I would pick models. My models. I picked them because some of the modeling people from the training things, they're they're really young. Do you know these models, and you've seen these magazines, and you're going, Wow, she's good and all that. Now they're like, 14 years old. I'm not kidding, very young, and I can't get them to do certain things, because that agent anyway, so I just started picking some my own people models. Now to give you an example of the lessons learned, I thought I'd get a little bit more, maybe a little bit more, chunky people sometimes,

Unknown Speaker  01:23
like I average looking people, not so,

Speaker 1  01:25
oh man, I had obese people telling me, telling me I don't want to see fat people in your marriage. Wow, I'm good. I'm hitting it bullseye, right there. Obese people tell me I don't want to see don't do. Fat people. Hey, what you learn when you're on the street? Yes, this is why I want to be on the street. Yes, 10 years

Speaker 2  01:48
ago, though, I bet you would get a different response. Now, because body positivity is such a big fad right now,

Speaker 1  01:54
it would be it might be different. Now, I'm not 100% sure, but it would be interesting to know. Okay, so let me

Speaker 3  02:01
frame it. You could frame it under mental health or body positive. Like, if you had instead of fashion, you could have fashion, which is literally just what you expect, but then also, like, body positive, kind of, like, have a section for that.

Unknown Speaker  02:14
They look bad, they look amazing, right?

Speaker 1  02:18
So I, I went to, I saw, if I saw, for example, a lady at the theater, okay, that's all credit. Everybody's buying tickets. And I said, Excuse me, because I would want to pick because, as a first media company ever covered any black events. Okay, so hope black community is all behind me today, too. I mean, everybody loved me. They love me. This is why I know when I get ready to go run the governor. Yeah, I know the communities so the so I was wanting to find a certain skin tone. But anyway, I go to a lady saying, I said, Excuse me. I said, this sounds weird, but I'm break away. I do the splurge. Everybody knows the splurge. Everybody knows the splurge. Okay, so that was easy, yeah, okay. Otherwise, everybody recalling cops on me, photographers

Unknown Speaker  03:04
for the sports.

Speaker 1  03:07
So I'd say I, you know, I had my passion. They go, Yes, I go, would you consider, you know? And then that's how I pick, I find women or men tomorrow. Wow, just streets. They've never done it in their life, okay? And then when you do that, like this one girl we I used my fashion. What do you call it? I came anyway, the lady that kind of helped coordinate it all. She's a black lady, and she got her granddaughter still in high school, and she did it and never done it before. Oh, man, everybody was school. She becomes famous, that's what happens. But they're part of the community, yeah, okay, so they're real people,

Unknown Speaker  03:52
and that

Speaker 1  03:55
it's those kinds of things, and the nonprofit thing is something we'll do in every city. Okay, so give me, let me give you something else. Okay, if you've been on nonprofit events where you have tables like this, so I have little items that they're silent auctions. They have side auctions. You sign your name and you put down what you're going to bid on that. Yeah, okay, all right. They didn't have live auctions, okay, yeah, so, so what we're going to do is, is the those live auctions, if they're food related, they go ridiculously for the money, just purely stupid. It might be worth 100 bucks, and people will spend 10,000

Unknown Speaker  04:37
for What do you mean, food related?

Speaker 1  04:39
So if you have a live auction. It's gonna have a chef from where the restaurant's gonna Okay, private deal at your house, okay,

Unknown Speaker  04:45
okay, yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  04:48
that might be worth $1,000 yeah, okay, for eight people paid, they'll spend 6000 for it, yeah? Okay, nuts. But there'll be an African, African Safari. That's up. I donated, yeah, that's worth 1000s that will go for $1,500 I'm not lying, yo,

Speaker 2  05:09
I did. I I did. I worked with a charity in California when I was there, and we had silent auctions and we had live auctions, and I see that dynamic, and we actually had a company with African safaris, like, it's, that's a whole business model. Like, they send you the thing and, and if you, I don't know if you get, you have to get a certain amount of money for it. You pay them a certain percentage of it. It's, it's kind of a weird thing. But, yeah, I had that experience so

Speaker 1  05:39
well. So what I'm going to do with this is that, okay, you want to give your your employees, your staff, your team, I call them team. You want to give your team, and you want to give them incentives and do things with them, right? Okay. And we're also going to have our own five, one, c3, so like to make a wish foundation stuff, correct? Yeah, okay. And I can, I can go out and get tickets from Disney, like anybody else. I ain't getting to donate. I can get the airlines to donate. It's all easy, yeah, so, but so on the easy Vance, our company, the hub, we will be buying those live auctions. We'll buy a lot of those things because we're going to use them. We're supporting your community. We're supporting that nonprofit, okay? And we're going to use those for the 501, c3, okay, we'll use those for our team, you know, trips and giveaways and prizes and stuff within the company. Okay, we'll use them. I'll be buying these things at 50 cents on the dollar, is what I'll be getting. So not only am I involved in the community, again, I'm very supportive. Everybody knows. Well, the hub is, man, they support all our organizations, which is, is community, all your money, all your money. People are those events. Okay? They're at those events. So again, what I'm trying to tie in real quickly is just all the small pieces that brings this community, makes it a community Okay, and where the hub plays in Okay, and the power and what I learned from all this. So

Speaker 2  07:10
the hub is the splurge, but the online version,

Speaker 1  07:15
Oh, you mean from my past thing, yeah, yeah. It's yeah, it's the

Speaker 2  07:19
so the hub is the online community. The hub

Speaker 1  07:23
is, is, is the community? Yes, yes. Okay, yes. And the hub, what we want to do is this. He explained it up. There's two pieces, okay, yes. We want to be we want to help the local small businesses do business locally. Okay? We want to make it more easier for them. We want to be able to bring them up to the 21st century, small mom and pops, mom, small mom and pops. If I call them a small mom and pop and and not all of the restaurants can do order on the phone, right? And they can't have all deliveries, okay. We want to bring all this stuff into all the small mama pops, not just, not just Starbucks or, or Chili's and, and all these other ones. Small body shop, right? Collision shop, the guy that owns it might be out there sanding on the defender, right? Yeah, okay, so he can't answer the phone. Okay, so that's a missed call, right? Okay, but a lot of companies now have AI, you know, conversational AI, answer the phone, yeah, okay, call me back then. Okay, does all of it for you? Okay? We want to bring that kind of stuff down to that body shop, okay? To all the small businesses so they don't make Vista call. Maybe the appointment can be made while he's out there doing the job. And you

Matthias Miller  08:50
can, I mean, if how far you want to take the you can be a virtual assistant, and it can text him the next morning at 6am and say, look, here's the people you need to call. And in 15 minutes, are you going to be able to be able to call this person in 15 minutes? You have an appointment? Yes or No, no, shoot out a message and reschedule the appointment. You know, whatever, like, Hey, I'm I'm busy. In the shot, this thing's taking longer, you know, I don't know. I'm

Speaker 2  09:11
missing how you would bring that tech stack to a small business like that?

Speaker 1  09:18
Well, in some places. So I'm gonna give you an example. That's why I'm pulling this up. So if my up here, okay, here's my haircut tomorrow morning. I've been getting reminders, yeah, you know. And they wants me to confirm it. Two days ago, I had to confirm, okay, 24/7, I got it on a Sunday, I think, okay, not all small businesses have all this stuff certain vertical verticals do, okay, right? And, but not all of them did. But we want to bring it as a package deal to all the small businesses. Okay? Because nobody's doing it Okay, nobody's doing it like that. They now that's these are all the small little pieces of things that we need to bring and develop into, like a SAS program or something right needs to build we, ultimately, we may borrow it to begin with, right, some other service. Ultimately, we want to have it all built in house.

Matthias Miller  10:21
So tactically, here's how it could work. So you have your you have your hub, which is some kind of, however it ends up being. It's a localized site with everything community website, right? And so when you Google, so where it gets really easy, I suppose. And I don't know if this is aligned with your vision. I'm kind of making up some ago from my head how this could work, but they don't have a, let's say the body shop doesn't have a website already. That's the perfect scenario. So they get, they get a subscription with the hub for 50 bucks a month, you get a website, and you get advertising and visibility and a page on there. Get a page on there. So then they have a dedicated page. They have a Google Business Listing, but all of those get linked to a Twilio number that's that can text and call. And then everything gets routed through that. That gets the appointment setter, it can try to and I'm sure there's services. So I'm just strictly saying, if we're building this from ground up or service however it works, it could signal ring him, and while it's ringing him, it could start the conversation with them to figure out what it is that they want. And they could say, Hey, I've got the owner right here. The owner could start listening in even and say, Hey, I've got the as soon as he picks up to whatever the conversation is so far. Or could get filled in whatever. You can merge them in whatever. But the basic idea is that that they would spend advertising dollars in the hub. It's the same basic format to book appointments, whether it's a well, okay, there's back end systems or whatever. But you

Speaker 2  11:57
know what I'm thinking in my head is, because initially when you said that, I was like, okay, you've got to train that bot on his business. But maybe it's just a AI on the hub, and it knows all the businesses that are on the hub. So if you say, Hey, I'd like to get more information about the body shop better like you. I'm just trying to think of how, how it would know how to, how to start that conversation. Well,

Matthias Miller  12:27
if we, if we had where it would go, start with certain verticals, like restaurants, is the one you mentioned starting it, if you would start with the restaurant vertical, and if there's a way that we could onboard restaurants with menus, then you could have an AI, have have the core AI bot augmented, really, whatever the right term is, but, but with the actual menu information absolutely specific to that? Yeah, you

Speaker 2  12:52
could do that. I was thinking about the routing piece, though. Like, how would they? How would you identify what business it is?

Speaker 3  12:59
Well, you're you would buy, you would spend, and again, making things up. But if you do the Twilio route, you're spending $1 a month on a DI D and of course, if you get them in bulk, I'm sure it's less that D ID, they would get a special D ID assigned just to that business. So you would have a custom you would have a

Speaker 2  13:14
so basically, if you brought somebody on, you would have to create a prompt, potentially in your AI platform for that business,

Speaker 3  13:22
potentially. But could this?

Speaker 2  13:25
This comes in from this number. It's this business. Yes, this information, this is, yeah, this is your source, correct,

Speaker 3  13:32
but you can still have a master prompt, and I'll just use APIs or whatever the back end to title together. Maybe it would be

Speaker 2  13:38
a lot easier on a first step. Sure use it as an assistant, as opposed to a lead gen right thing like to capture and then forward to somebody's CRM or something, right? Like I could see, like I could see. And I don't know you can stop me, but I can see going to the hub, and maybe, maybe at launch, it's just every restaurant in the community, and going to the AI and just saying, I feel like steak, and I'm thinking somewhere, and I don't want to spend more than $100 right for two people, right? And then it would go to all of the restaurants, and it would say, all of these restaurants serve steak and have this. And sure they're priced around this way. And here's a link to their their pages in

Speaker 3  14:21
the hub. It makes it, yeah, it could be staged. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  14:25
I see. The beautiful part about what I see on this is that, is that instead of me having to click and click and click and click by just saying it like, what you're which, how you're doing it, then boom, boom, it just all puffs up. You know, it's all there, so it's it's quick,

Speaker 2  14:44
and it's in its and you're not messing with people's what they're used to. If they want to click, they can click right if they want to go shortcut or something like that. But even

Speaker 3  14:54
for that, you can also, is another fun thing is you could also, especially for the for the 60 plus generation, you could have a call in number, well, yeah, with the same capabilities, oh, yeah, hungry for state. Like, okay, great. Like, where you want to, like, what? What's your budget? Like,

Speaker 2  15:09
yeah, absolutely. And the data source is just the website, yeah,

Speaker 1  15:15
that's what I'd like to point out, too, when you talk about that, the data source, yes, yes. Okay, so, so when you talk about restaurants, and we'll stick and because that is the that is the foundation, the backbone of the hub to start with, because it's a very highly searched item on the internet. Now, do you know what the most important thing people are searching for when they search for restaurants

Unknown Speaker  15:43
reviews,

Speaker 1  15:45
well, that's that's important. Ask my kids, yeah, they'll either make or break them. Menus, yeah, yeah. Menu, that's true. Now you can go to Yelp, you can go to TripAdvisor, which are or Google. How many restaurants do you think local restaurants, Garmin pops, even the big ones. How many of you think you're gonna, let's say there's 4000 just, let's say 3000 restaurants here. How many of you think you're gonna find menus on out of 3000

Speaker 2  16:18
it's it's probably surprisingly small number, because I see overwhelmingly, like, sometimes it'll go to their website and they'll have it on their website, but still, so many restaurants have attached to this PDF that you can't read right? And it's like, it's the whole double menu in a JPEG that big on your on your phone, and you're like having to scroll back and forth. Yeah.

Speaker 1  16:44
Okay. Now, correct me, you guys, because, again, you know I'm not, I'm not a technical person, by the way. So isn't HTML? You can't. Does that limit pulling from or something or or not? No, that

Unknown Speaker  16:58
is not necessarily okay.

Speaker 1  17:00
Okay, so out of maybe 3000 you might get 10. Really, it's that bad, but this is that that bad? Wow, that's pretty so bad. So I know it's ridiculous, right? So let me going back to your AI thing. I don't need a board, so let's say I go in there and

Speaker 2  17:19
I say, by the way, with AI, you can take that paper menu so and take a picture of it and upload it

Matthias Miller  17:26
to the AI, you can incentivize hub users to say, get, get a free 5% off your order when you take a picture of the menu, because we need the menu, or we'll pay you. We'll get you'll get $5 credit, or you'll get something anywhere within the hub makes sense only the first one, or only if it's six months outdated or something, or whatever the criteria. Okay,

Speaker 2  17:47
so that's a network effect. So you've got, you've got consumers submitting their favorite restaurant to the hub. Well,

Speaker 1  17:54
we have to go to me guys anyway, because see the one of the things that

Unknown Speaker  17:59
that fair enough now, well,

Speaker 2  18:01
to start it, but I think if you but you could have something on there that says, Hey, are we missing something? Like, are we missing a restaurant, your favorite restaurant? See, this

Speaker 1  18:10
all ties in, but I'm what I'm I'm taking away from what your guys are saying. I'm listening. I'm thinking, maybe there's a shortcut for me, which means labor savings, right? So, so let me tell you my my step and then how this might play in

Speaker 3  18:26
and help. Did you want me to get markers so you can draw there? Okay,

Speaker 1  18:30
so, so one of the differences again, about the restaurant is that we were going to go, and I've already done this many restaurants where I go in there and I take when they're cooking their food to serve to somebody. Before they serve it, they bring it over to a table, and I take pictures of the food. Okay, so every single restaurant will have their entire menu. So when somebody brings it up on the hub, they're gonna see that, you know, New York strip or whatever. Okay, you'll have a picture of the plate of the entire mill, okay? And that would

Speaker 2  19:06
be huge, because, like all of this, all of the Yelp ones are some dude with his cell phone taking a picture of his half in amber.

Speaker 1  19:13
Right, right, right, precisely, and, but we, I'm talking professionally, yeah, and then every, every ingredient that's in that is searchable. So when you go back to your AI thing, he says, Yeah, I want to, I want to a quarter house that has peppercorn on it, right?

Speaker 3  19:38
Okay? Or allergens, if this is a gluten friendly, gluten free, you

Speaker 1  19:43
cannot get that. It does not exist right now. It does not exist as what we're talking about right now. It's not existent

Speaker 2  19:52
on the internet to get it, to get ingredients in Google. No, that's

Speaker 1  19:56
why we're self contained. We're not using Google for any reason. We're not putting this on Google, so when people want to search this up locally, I'm not enhancing Google. Okay,

Speaker 2  20:09
now wait a minute, that's an interesting statement. So you're gonna know index the website so that it can't be crawled

Speaker 1  20:16
there absolutely 100% I'm not gonna allow this to be on Google, then how do people find it? They don't need Google. I don't need Google. Now, how

Unknown Speaker  20:26
did how to consumers know that this website again, this

Speaker 1  20:29
is my expertise. Thank you for asking. I love it. I just, what did I say? I didn't watch Tom I can walk 81 I couldn't walk anywhere. I can walk in this place without people knowing me.

Unknown Speaker  20:51
If you really want

Unknown Speaker  20:55
to get in. Those windows are probably

Speaker 1  20:58
easier. This is the reason why we do the traditional media we do their print so I have 10 verticals, okay, titles for the print side, and we're gonna put print magazines out. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  21:10
okay. So, okay, so all the traffic is being driven by print

Speaker 3  21:13
magazines. Yes, yeah. So then I did not tie this, these two pieces together. So then you have an app on your phone, and all of your your listings can then have a QR code scan, QR or code like they did, right? Okay,

Speaker 1  21:30
the format's already got created. They have QR codes on every restaurant ad, okay, so for all those reasons, every single touch point that we can drive into the website, and is what we want to do.

Speaker 3  21:45
If people call you, force them to this may be getting too deep in the weeds. No, keep going. If people called you, force them to scan the QR code so that you can pixel them and track them and and build your

Unknown Speaker  21:57
build your audience. Yeah, potentially

Unknown Speaker  21:59
build up. Okay,

Speaker 3  22:01
let's say that. Well, I guess it wouldn't have to, because if we have, if we have tracking numbers, you can do something very similar. You can get their caller IDs, and you can do consumer data cross referencing and stuff like

Unknown Speaker  22:10
that. Can we do that right? Like,

Speaker 2  22:13
less people are gonna call, more people are probably so. So all right, this sounds right. You're basically so you still have the whole print experience that you are a master at. And all you're doing is 10x ing the experience, yes, by giving them an online so that they can engage, they can ask questions of it. They can get more information. They can learn

Speaker 1  22:42
they can't get it on Google because Google's not local. There's so much local content. So

Speaker 2  22:50
would you be so actually, I hear what you're I hear what you're saying, but the value of locally, SEO ing, that site for that community, is probably pretty powerful,

Speaker 3  23:01
okay, but couldn't you pay wallet or not paywall it, but Require Login, so if you scan it and just create a free account, and so 90% of the site is behind the paywall, yes, but then 10% of the site, like you can see, oh, there's this event, and it doesn't maybe shows you what week it is, and you have to log in. But you have to

Speaker 2  23:21
log in because if anybody Googled a restaurant, right? And if you had a paid ad for the hub, that is everything about this community, every restaurant, every whatever you would want to do, okay, well, great

Speaker 3  23:38
API for auto generating all the anyway, ads,

Speaker 1  23:42
yeah, so, but we're talking about wall gardens, right? Yeah, yeah, okay, yes, can I go to Google and find everything on Facebook? No, okay, exactly why? Because people are constantly, 100% of the day logged into Facebook. They don't log out.

Unknown Speaker  23:59
Well, certain generations are okay for demographics.

Unknown Speaker  24:05
Bluetooth on.

Speaker 2  24:07
I'm happy to say I am almost completely off social media now.

Unknown Speaker  24:17
I don't care what's in my street. I

Speaker 1  24:19
don't go to Facebook. I had to because my high school reunion, I hadn't been there for years. But I don't like Facebook because my kids, my kids, my youngest one has showed me, we'll have a conversation.

Speaker 2  24:31
Oh, MMA, it'll start popping. Literally, yeah,

Speaker 1  24:35
I told him. I said, I keep telling you guys. I keep telling you guys. So but again, if I if it's not a closed system, okay, we're not a Walmart. Is everything that I put in on that restaurant, there's a blank that Google fills in that people don't need anybody but Google.

Speaker 2  24:55
Okay? And I see this. I see this,

Speaker 1  24:59
okay, so all my events, Vince number two for the Verde. Verde, okay, so Google has very little on local events, right? So why do you want to want to

Unknown Speaker  25:14
build? Because most local events don't know how to build SEO optimizes. They

Speaker 1  25:20
hire gurus all the time, somebody for $50 a month. I can do it for the $150 a month, you know, whatever. Yeah, and you know how all that is so the but they just don't have that. They don't have it. And the only way Google exists, because everybody else is building their content. They're supplying their content to them. We want people to live on the hub. That's what we want. Okay? And look, why? Why do we want to have they're

Speaker 2  25:56
probably not going to live on the hub. The chances are they're going to get the monthly magazine, and then they're going to go through it, and then they're going to want to deep dive on the articles, or the the on some of the stuff, like, because if you had restaurants in there, I mean, I could see you having all those pictures I can show you on the hub. Yeah, my website already, you could do a video on the owner of the restaurant in there on the hub, saying, Hey, this is my one.

Speaker 3  26:28
And then you could, I mean, there's also, once you have the app, there's all kinds of, hey, I was subscribed to these types of promos, or, That's right, yeah, you know. And then you've got low cost advertising.

Speaker 2  26:40
You guys, when you see you have a million dollars on a website that you don't want go Google. See, I have

Speaker 1  26:45
a million dollars already invested in my website. I have over I have $2 million total and all that stuff. Oh my gosh, and but this is going to be rebuilt. Re read

Speaker 3  26:59
you telling me that's that's another conversation we need to have.

Unknown Speaker  27:05
Boy, you got this? I can't, sorry, here, hold on. I got, I think

Speaker 3  27:15
it's a young guy screen. Yeah, exactly. I want to see as much as I can. I think this is small, because normally have my 4k so like 42 inch

Speaker 2  27:28
Yeah. I finally had somebody on those classes that I'm doing with Perry, oh yeah. I finally had somebody say, you know when I'm when I'm screen sharing, yeah, and you can't see where my mouse is going, yeah? They were like, blow up your mouse. So your mouse is like, a half an inch tall, and you're the arrow, and it's like, it's great for zoom calls, like, if you're doing screen sharing, then I can follow around. It's

Unknown Speaker  27:53
hilarious. Okay, all right,

Unknown Speaker  27:55
you guys want

Speaker 1  27:56
me to come so, okay, so what we did when it remember, this was in 2010 Okay, 2010, so back then, I don't remember you. I see you have Apple ceiling, yep. So Apple had a real nice navigation thing back in the day. So if you click on the you right there,

Speaker 3  28:16
sorry, in the on the you, there we go. Okay, good. This

Speaker 1  28:20
was copied off of Apple, bad deal like this. Okay, so this is kind of the back end side of things. Actually click on that real quickly, and I just

Unknown Speaker  28:34
so this is the back end system. No, no. This

Speaker 1  28:37
is the No. This is the user. This is the front end here. Okay, okay, I term that wrong. Okay, anyway, you can kind of see you scroll, okay. So what we did is we you, this just looks somewhat familiar, right? Yeah, like the older Facebook, correct? Because what we did, we rebuilt Auto Trader. We built indeed, zip recruiter, we rebuilt Zillow. We rebuilt all these things everybody uses, all under this single platform. Okay, okay, so, so, for example, go back up to there. You can see all the things here. It's intuitive. Okay. So go to, that's the marketplace. Go Your directories. Okay, so you have your business directory, you got automobile, and it'll look familiar, because you don't want to have people reorientation. It says you, what is the oh, that's what I was going to call it. Oh, okay. And

Speaker 2  29:35
is this a prototype, or is this the one of your actual websites? This

Speaker 1  29:39
is the actual website and everything. But I don't my content is, is content that I just put in there. Okay, so,

Speaker 2  29:47
so this is a, so the walled garden. This is the community. It looks like there's a social media aspect to it. Totally calendars.

Speaker 1  29:58
So it's a calendar is different than what you you're familiar with,

Speaker 2  30:01
calendars of calendar community events. Well, the way,

Speaker 1  30:05
it's okay. So of course, it's it. It all works together, but from different areas. Okay. So what I mean by that is, you're a consumer or your business, and you post that you have certain events coming up, yeah, okay, and you put it in your calendar, when you post it on your calendar, on your page, that people can come to and see in your directory, then that that also is in the calendar events if somebody did a search. Okay, okay, so it works like that, the if I'm a consumer and I and I see this, and I click on it, I want to attend the event, and I click attend, okay, it will immediately go into my personal calendar. That's in here. Okay,

Speaker 2  31:04
okay, so you've got the Community Calendar. People are putting their events on their local businesses, the businesses page, and then that's going to a community calendar. And then if I'm a cons, if I'm a consumer, I can say, oh, I want to go to that event. And then that shows up on my personal calendar. Yes, okay,

Speaker 1  31:22
yes. We want this. We want it to immediately show up so you don't have to go to your phone call. Okay, let me put this my phone. We want it to be instant, right? We want to be everything with the consumer. Has to be what they call seamless. It has to be seamless so the moment.

Speaker 3  31:37
So Facebook, one of the Facebook's challenges is they want to keep everybody on the platform with this. If with this, if you say you're going, we could send them an Apple or Google calendar invite, and they could just accept or decline. And it can adjust the RSVP count based on how people respond there, and it would just work. And

Speaker 1  31:53
if they need to buy a ticket, they just automatically buy ticket from online with us, instead of being redirected to Ticketmaster, or select a suite or seat or somebody else, we sell the ticket and we get the Commission on the ticket like they did. Do

Speaker 2  32:09
you have to go to all the event centers and negotiate with them to sell their tickets? We would. We'd

Speaker 1  32:14
have to do something along that lines initially, of course. Okay, so,

Speaker 2  32:21
so is there a community on this website right now?

Unknown Speaker  32:27
No, no, no, life,

Unknown Speaker  32:28
okay, this is just

Speaker 1  32:29
no it to address. That is, we can't open this up to the public until we have the content right from the business. We have to get all that inventory in there, right. Okay, sounds like

Speaker 2  32:43
there's a tremendous amount Go ahead. You do it faster, tremendous amount of manual.

Speaker 1  32:49
Yeah, AI into go back to directory. Okay, go to restaurants. Okay. And you see this stuff here too, okay, and one of the things that I instructed the guy to do back in 2010 is that is, I don't want people to, if you go to one of these things, you know, we can put all kinds of drop down boxes, but if we don't have anything in that category, I don't want it to even show up, because I I can't stand to click on something and go there and it says there's no no, no content there. Okay, don't even send me there. There's not going to be there so, but where are you? No, I

Speaker 3  33:30
pulled up the Vietnamese. Pull up, pull up.

Speaker 1  33:33
Do your search to do Baskin and robins. And I haven't done this for a while myself. I my vision, I was sick all last week almost. That's why I've been sick for decades. It was bad. So my vision, so we got all these things. These are shortcuts, all these little Tab buttons down there. They're all shortcuts. You need to go back to that. So again, I hate having to click in something to get something in backpack out to go to another step. So

Speaker 3  34:08
sorry I'm messing this thing up.

Speaker 1  34:12
There we go. Okay, so right, right there. Click on the little the scroll thing, because that's the little orange. Yeah, let's see how fast it comes up.

Speaker 1  34:28
Just tell me take my meds. That'd be a while. Looks like it's cranking Damn. It's gonna be a minute. Probably see though

Speaker 3  34:41
that was there we go. Okay,

Speaker 1  34:44
so imagine you're shopping for ice cream. Are you going to take the kids out and you're you're looking this is engaging. Yeah, it's engaging. If you got kids, they're all engaged. They're all around the table. Okay? And it has all the ingredients. Imagine this for every menu, for every restaurant. It does not, not even this is only an imagination right now, people's minds. Okay, so,

Speaker 3  35:12
so how do you deal with, again, if it's too deep in the weeds, how do you deal with our local Cold Stone? Well, they're making their stuff locally there, but then every three months, they're swapping out flavors and stuff like that. Okay, how do you make sure those stay up to date? See that again,

Speaker 1  35:26
this is the beautiful part about you have to understand when you when you're on the street, that right, Facebook or Microsoft 3000 miles away, but IV tower don't get it, okay? So the way I have it structured in it again, Scott, I'm talking about things I've actually experienced. So I'm not giving you a bunch of fluff. I'm not giving you smoke and mirrors and things I don't have a clue on. I'm talking about on the street experience. So I've had radio, radio stations come to me, Clear Channel, hey, I Heart Radio. Okay, come to me and ask me about just representing my product, my magazines, and having their salespeople sell the ads for it and everything, and have a package in their deal, okay, I have a Cox cable. I don't know if you're familiar with Cox cable, okay, where they said they wanted to take me nationally in their company to represent my product, okay, and not to mention to pay me naming rights and millions of dollars a year. Okay? So the the I lost my thought there.

Unknown Speaker  36:40
Oh my gosh, you guys had a total blink. Senior moment does

Unknown Speaker  36:46
not fly anyway. What were we

Unknown Speaker  36:50
talking about? We're

Speaker 3  36:52
talking about menus keeping you up to date. Oh, yeah, okay.

Speaker 1  36:56
So what I learned is that, because we are going to partner up. There's this, I have a, have a sales approach that when we go into a market, so we start, let's say we start. We're ready to go. All this is all infrastructure is ready, okay? And we're ready to go live and the so the biggest hurdle most companies of any kind has is generating revenue sales. It's the most important thing. Yeah, and went up my nose. But the so we go to market, I have so many cells that are almost ready just to write up, okay, okay, that we make so much revenue just out of the gate. All right, so, because of system now, to answer your address, your specific thing is, so Imma have a a team in the office. And by the way, we have local offices throughout all America, 150 locations. Okay, that's how we build out. Okay? To be community, you have to be immersed in the community. Okay, so, so we have a team of people that are assigned to every single account, and those customer service reps every single month, they will reach out to those business owners to find out if there's any updates that need to be put into their their web pages. Again, their mom and pops. They don't think about this stuff. They don't have time to do it. They are technically sound to do it. All these different things can come up with it. And I think, you know, you've I think you you got that things you said earlier, I could tell that you understood. And

Speaker 2  38:55
so, like, if you had a local, a small restaurant that changed their menu, would you send somebody out there to

Speaker 1  39:01
if we need to set it up? Absolutely yes, because that's the only way. If you know Google, Google's not updated. TripAdvisor, they got businesses and all these platforms that are closed, that's been closed, that got outdated information. I had a guy, none

Speaker 2  39:18
of them original source. No, they're so, as you're trying to do is be original source, right?

Unknown Speaker  39:22
Yeah. Why should I keep Google updated? I'm not gonna keep Google updated. Okay? I

Speaker 3  39:28
don't need them, not beyond, not beyond, some very basic, basic information, potentially, yeah, and

Speaker 1  39:36
I'm not sure where I know what you guys are saying, because I thought about it, and I don't know what that means at this point, because I'm not giving that much thought to at this point. Okay, they're smarter people than me that can tell me about SEO and all this stuff, and I'll let that play out later. The but because of my reach, because there's so much more you still don't even know. Like,

Speaker 2  39:58
yeah, I feel like we've scratched the surface. We have, do you know, I

Speaker 1  40:01
have imagine, we have a rewards program, and rewards program is going to be supported by all these nonprofits, and if, if you're a member of their newsletter, because a lot of them use newsletters today, right? If you're, if you have, imagine every church in this community, every Sunday calendar, congregation, when you go out, make sure you use the hubs rewards program. Okay, every single Sunday, you get 1000s and 1000s of people being reminded to use the hub rewards program.

Matthias Miller  40:30
And you get educated the churches on, oh, there's this building we're working on. There's this program that we're trying to, trying to fund, or whatever you could. You can adjust the cause throughout to give people reason to be reminded and change.

Speaker 1  40:41
Imagine every school system in carrot springs. See what we what I'm saying is that all these non profits and churches and 501, c3, sixes and all of them, there are ambassadors every single day. They're promoting us constantly. Tell me any company on the planet that has that much support, anybody in Denver, anybody here that has all the organizations around the community, the schools, the churches, the cancer society that are constantly reminding their consumers locally to support the hub, to go to the hub restaurants, because we're getting our rewards program rewards the consumers, but they also rewards these local businesses, these nonprofits. They get money. Okay, so we have a constant reminder that way, and think about you go in these restaurants and you got table tents, but the hub rewards program, QR codes. You go in there and you see, you walk into the door for you open the door, you see, what do you see? You see, Yelp, little stick. See the hub everywhere, table tents. We're at every single non profit event going on in the community. So

Speaker 2  41:58
what are you envisioning? What's the, what's the, what's the rewards piece that are they needed? Are they making purchases through, okay, the rewards program? Are they just logging in? They get

Speaker 1  42:10
though the rewards program. So this is what you call a multi merchant ot program, or coalition card. I create the first one in all of North America. And the way it works is that, so now people would just use their phone. You go to the business, they'll scan a QR code, and it's all the data, and they make the purchase. It's all tied into the POS system, and they get a rebate. Okay, they get a rebate. That rebate can vary by the business. It's their choice, okay? And they can vary it by day, part, the day of the week, because things change for you on that basis and that consumer. So let's say it's a 10% rebate. 10% is always a minimum, okay, okay, every little, every little card, you see a punch card, those are all based on 10%

Speaker 2  43:05
so is the restaurant paying? Yes, the 10% for being for and that's kind of for the loyalty, for the loyalty,

Speaker 1  43:13
okay? And half that loyalty goes to that consumer, and the other half goes to the charity of their choice, the consumer choice they picked, they picked where they want that money to go to. Okay, so it means more to them if they get to pick it, right? So absolutely, and that money is cash. It's like a debit card now that that that little, that phone, that account is cash. They could have 1000 in there, 10,000 they can let it accumulate, which is what normally people do. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  43:47
they could use it for anything. They

Speaker 1  43:49
can use it within the system. They can use it any of those businesses. But the beautiful part about it, they can use it at businesses, even that's in the network on a vacation 1000

Speaker 3  43:58
miles away. So, so here's, here's your governor pitch. Have you heard of Black Wall Street?

Speaker 1  44:06
Black Wall Street? Yes, made up of the black community.

Matthias Miller  44:09
It was, it was community down in Oklahoma, Oklahoma, yeah, because of discrimination, they could only do business with themselves. They have their own banks, their own, you know, everything, all the money circulated there. And guess what happened? They became incredibly wealthy until it was destroyed by a hate crime. But if you want to run for governor, if you track rebates, you know, these are local businesses. I have been the hub has been responsible for generating rebates times it writes into $1 million you guys, billions of dollars. And so you can tie that specifically back. You can tie local business revenue generation directly back to the hub and and because of the dollars are that are circulating within the system, there's, there's an incredible economic advantage for it, for everybody. Well, alright,

Speaker 2  44:57
so I have, I have kind of a devil's advocacy question here.

Unknown Speaker  45:01
Shoot, want to hear all those.

Speaker 2  45:05
It seems like there is a lot of education required for people to participate in this program. Consumer needs to be educated on how to use this type of a website and the this type of a web. When I say this type of website, this is kind of a private social network, and those things have been around and are kind of gone now, like people aren't logging into those types of community websites. I mean, you have like next door, which reminds me a little bit of you know, people from the community going in to get news about the community, and you, when you talk about 150 locations across, like, when I'm listening to you saying this, I'm like, yeah, you've got this dialed but it also took you 20 years of trial and error to do this. So how do you grow this? If it's not you like, do you have to find

Unknown Speaker  46:04
it was that?

Speaker 2  46:05
Can you elaborate on, okay, so maybe Birmingham, Alabama. Do you find somebody in Birmingham who is connected with every business and every and then you make them the ambassador, yeah,

Speaker 1  46:20
and that's what I call local ambassador. They're the local ambassador. So we're on the

Unknown Speaker  46:26
same page. Yeah,

Speaker 1  46:28
I'm loving him. Everything you say, the fact that you you you understand it, you see it, you're intuitive about it. And the important the question you ask is highly might be the most important question of the day, right there, is that yes. So the program has to be intuitive. So So yes. So we go in Alabama, Birmingham, and we open up an office there. And so we the recruiting process is to hire a the ambassador. And so in the difficulty in that, I'll just put this out there, is that we've already, you've been to the advanced, the nonprofit events and stuff, what's, what's prevalent at all these events, alcohol, and once you get those, to spend money. They want you to get drunk, especially you make stupid decisions. Yeah, no, that's

Unknown Speaker  47:28
totally true. I

Speaker 1  47:29
know it's true. I don't drink. Okay? Drink. I go to the events, all these expensive drinks and the wine, and I don't participate, yeah, how do I find somebody that may drink but will refrain from taking any at these events, and you're going to five or six a day on starting Thursday, Friday, Saturday, okay, it's pretty important. Yeah, do you want somebody to get shit faced out there,

Speaker 2  48:00
and they're representing exactly well,

Speaker 1  48:04
okay, I just threw that out there because that, to me, is going to be the hardest part of recruiting that leadership. Okay, because people drink, and now it's okay to drink, right? If you don't, if you don't, you don't have to drink while you're there. I'm

Speaker 2  48:22
just thinking that, because what you're basically doing is you're moving your marketing budget to community engagement, and it's on the ground community engagement. So maybe you would set this up and you'd spend all this money on Google, and then you'd be lost in the mix, but you're investing in the

Unknown Speaker  48:53
community more important parts of this Whole thing,

Speaker 1  48:59
like an academy, we do have an example. For multiple things, but to what you're saying. So we want to build an infrastructure of a team that are market developers, so they know how to go in and get the real estate, secure the real estate, you know, work with, you know, attorneys on the contract. There's a we have to develop that full system and make it duplicatable,

Speaker 2  49:29
relevant to the for these younger generations, not the millennials, but maybe the z's, they're very community oriented. They're not on so they're not on public social media a lot. They're really concerned about the community. They're concerned about people and building relationships. Yeah, and and with the gig economy, that's what I'm saying, because their brains already wired for gig economy, you can probably get some young, hip kids to really run with this.

Matthias Miller  50:02
So this is, I forget which one, one of our roofing I think roofing friends was talking about this. So if you want your intersection, why not go for young college age, Latter Day Saints, or Jehovah's Witness, kids who are used to going door to door and are going to have an alcohol problem? Absolutely.

Unknown Speaker  50:20
What was the last thing you said? Latter Day Saints? Latter

Speaker 3  50:22
Day Saints, Jehovah's Witnesses, who they go door to door. They're used to cold calling and sales, yeah, and they don't have an alcohol problem, yeah, I

Speaker 1  50:31
know. But then you're getting, now you're getting Marjorie Jones on this side and AOC on this side. I mean, I think that that's a good example, but I think it might be an extreme because of the religious factor. Okay, so I'll put it this way. I sent a text out yesterday. I actually haven't sent it. I'm a I think right now in our country, this is a little bit more political personal, but I think what's happened is that I think religion is what's hurting our country right now, not faith, not being spiritual. It's religion okay. And I think we have our own religious words right here in America. Forget Middle East. We actually we have one going right now. I think people are not recognizing it, because if you look at communities before we got big government and stuff, you had, yeah, a little Quaker community over here, yeah, little midnight over here. And they've had their own different things. And they they render, they ran their they governed themselves according to their beliefs. And nobody, in French Donna, nobody told them that they had to change until more European Christian if you ever follow the Crusaders, okay, they were ruthless, all because the Catholic Church told them that this and that they killed people. So I'm just saying religion is getting in the way, not faith, but religion. And so in

Speaker 3  52:02
secular, non secular religion, I might add, but, but yes,

Speaker 2  52:06
I would also, I would add a layer on that to access to information and communication, because when they were isolated and they were self contained, then all of the communication was within the community. But once you start getting to like the internet, where everything is available all the time. So here's a fun fact. The Spanish Inquisition actually started because of the printing press, because the first, the most, the biggest thing. So it was less than 50 years after the invention of the printing press, because the the most thing published thing was the Bible, and the Catholic Church didn't like the fact that anybody could decide what the Bible meant. So that's what how the Spanish Inquisition started, is because they started persecuting people because they said, I know you've read the Bible, but this is the right interpretation, and that's access to information, right when you don't have access to information. So I kind of like what you're doing here, because you're isolating the communication around real people in the community. And I think that really is, I think that's your sales pitch, because anybody can throw up a website, anybody can pay

Speaker 3  53:21
okay? And the pitch then is, I mean, we've all heard the trust economy, but the pitch is, and this is, like, maybe the defining thing that really makes this work is, this is built on the trust economy,

Speaker 1  53:33
yes. And this is, that's a reason for the stream. Remember, for those to build trust

Unknown Speaker  53:39
for the way, for the what, streaming, streaming,

Speaker 2  53:42
right? It's the it's the community. It's a community site built by the community, exactly, not a webmaster, right? There's a ton of value to that, yeah, and I think it needs to be emphasized, and it needs to be the selling point, because there's so much investment in the people like you. Don't want that to be invisible. That is the pitch, right? Yes,

Speaker 1  54:08
yes, yes. So what you guys are both saying so, so

Speaker 2  54:17
the business isn't the website, the business is that you got people together in the community to cooperate and share what the community is doing for the benefit of the community, the website just happens to be one of the access

Speaker 1  54:30
Well, the hub is the conduit of all this information. It's a meeting place. Yes, it's the conduit. Yes, okay, and that's so but

Speaker 2  54:39
all the data was collected by real human beings building relationships with businesses and companies and people in the.

Speaker 1  55:12
And it's a lot of lot of lot of when I was in Denver Startup Week last week, they they talk about it. They say these businesses are really kind of putting themselves out there, relying on people like Google because and meta because anything can change, like when Apple did their privacy thing, yep, okay. And how that cost cost billions of dollars annually to Facebook, because it cut off their the data and stuff like that, right? Yeah. And so you're at the whim of these other companies, yeah. Okay, so the we don't, we won't have that issue. And by the way, speaking of that, we all know that there's a lot of government involvement now with European the EU, putting in their, their their policy, whatever you want to come there are guidelines America's putting these things in. So when I built this, it's, you guys already know, first data, party, first party data. Now everybody's trying to figure out, how do you collect first party data? Because you can't get third party data and all this other stuff. There's all these rules now, and they're gonna get more serious. I've never relighted on third party data. That's reason why we're going to be closed a wall garden, because

Speaker 2  56:34
that's an important part of this. It's all first party data. All of every every other website is just giving you. They're taking a big net and they're just scooping it across the garbage that's floating on the top.

Speaker 3  56:47
Yeah, and there's reason for people then to if you've ever had a conversation with Ben Morris as an example. He loves telling his fancy his phone number story.

Matthias Miller  56:58
He has this, he gets associated with this woman down in SoCal somewhere, because she formerly owned and her address, because she formerly owned his phone number and she had multiple addresses and like, I mean, there's this whole spiel about how in consumer data, especially the most difficult thing is tracking people's moods. So people's phones usually follow them. Email addresses. Usually it's a bad email address, but it's, you know, we all have a throwaway Gmail that we use for everything but their address when they move, when somebody gets mail in an address you don't know. Are they visiting? Are they just there for a while? Did they move? Do they have two locations? Getting getting accurate address information is extremely difficult. If you can solve that problem, there's a lot of really interesting if you can know for sure that somebody actually is here, and you could do that by sending a mailing and letting them scan the QR code and log in and log in and then confirm that this is their physical address. Obviously there's mail forwarding, as long as you've resolved for that, but there's an incredible amount of access to consumer information that you now have. I mean, just the simple example is, why? Maybe the most obvious example is assessor records. And are they a good candidate for the local roofing companies in the area to advertise to? Or anyway, that's a long rabbit trail. But yeah, quality consumer data, verified consumer data,

Speaker 2  58:30
and because so much of the first party data collection is manual. You could streamline a ton of the formatting for publication using AI, and you're going to have the AI interface because, quite frankly, that is a little stressful, seeing all the menus on the side and all of that, and there's a lot of things you could click on there, so I think having that assistant on there, and then I could easily see, and then going all the way back to the beginning of your conversation, I could easily see, were you going to have a bot that would guide it to all of the mom and pop shops that's that would kind of help them navigate the site for them,

Speaker 3  59:16
when you can also then. I mean, this is, this is, like, down, way down the road. But once you've got good consumer data, and once you have first party purchasing data, oh yeah, like, that's so this is really weird, but ladies who attend Weight Watchers are more likely to buy this kind of home, or like,

Speaker 2  59:37
well, you put a demographic ecosystem to that community, because you have all first person behavioral data, right? So when you're publishing the weekly the monthly magazine, you could say, you could say, Okay, we have, we have a demographic in this area. And in this area, you can analyze your your your your data to determine what kind of information I put in the print publication, because you already know that those clusters of people are out there. And then

Matthias Miller  1:00:05
you can do psychographic targeting. So if you have articles on fashion and just an excerpt of an interview with a skin a QR code to listen to the whole thing. You get to choose whether it's Apple Spotify YouTube, and people click that now, you know, they're interested in fashion, and you can target you now have circuiting psychographic, you know, you so

Speaker 2  1:00:25
what's on the back end of this? Is there a CRM built from the ground up for managing the data? Is that we don't know,

Speaker 1  1:00:31
we don't have any that built in yet. Okay, there's a CRM system. No, no, none of

Unknown Speaker  1:00:36
that's that would be such a valuable database.

Speaker 1  1:00:40
I've talked to, I've talked to Oracle a lot. Okay, okay, and you from, you know who they are,

Unknown Speaker  1:00:45
and I'm hanging out with Larry. Well,

Speaker 1  1:00:49
I'm trying to, I'm trying to bring him in. I'm trying to get Larry to buy into this right now, okay? Because you know he's, he's buying Paramount plus global. Oh, is, you know that he's buying paranoid, and there's we've we follow him tightly,

Speaker 2  1:01:04
Paramount plus right now, because I'm binging a bunch of Star Trek, all of the Star Trek friends, I

Speaker 1  1:01:12
just did all that. Since I was sick, I did all the Yellowstone thing.

Speaker 2  1:01:17
Another great one. Did you do a second? Half of five isn't out yet? Is it okay? So

Speaker 1  1:01:23
we can I give you all the details. So did you watch 1883

Unknown Speaker  1:01:28
Yes, I watched 1823

Speaker 1  1:01:31
okay. 1923 the second season, which is a final part correct, is coming up next year. Okay, oh, 2025 I have to wait that. I hope I live so, no,

Speaker 2  1:01:43
yeah, because you're gonna need to be around for more than a year to get this. No,

Speaker 1  1:01:47
I know. So 20 Yellowstone is gonna do eight, six or eight episodes, six or eight. I can't remember who had to finish it out. Okay, they worked out it. They got the problems resolved. Okay? And it's, that's the end of Yellowstone, yeah, and it's coming up November. Okay, okay, okay. And now close out, because my son, I haven't seen all the Yellowstone yet. My son was so mad, he goes, Oh, and he's one to

Speaker 2  1:02:14
double research, and he don't know the first half of the last season. And everybody knows it's the last season, the first it's weird. Instead of doing two seasons, they ended the first half of the last season last year, and now we had to wait a whole year for the second half of the last season, instead of making it. Do

Speaker 1  1:02:33
you know, it's one of the highly watched shows of all shows. But anyway, the but there's a lot of reasons so and so Scott, so you get just know a little bit more look to do everything that is planned here. It's a long term it's a big deal, yeah, yeah. And it's gonna be part of billions of dollars. Simple as that. It's billions already know this. Okay? And so who has the money to be able to say, Yeah, we need to. We gotta buy other companies. We can't build everything from this ground up so and to to exit, but guide it. Okay, you want to do that anyway. So we gotta have somebody can write checks for in the billions. Yeah, okay, so, and I have some of those laid out, and I have the steps to to go to market, steps right and to get to certain Ricky, I'm in a meeting. Is it extremely important? Hello. Oh, God dang it. It went to my earpiece. I He's called me already. Now, I

Unknown Speaker  1:03:56
don't know how nearpods or something, that's

Unknown Speaker  1:03:58
my son. The where was I?

Unknown Speaker  1:04:04
We were talking about the good money, but

Speaker 1  1:04:09
yeah, oh, they steps. So my goal is, is we got to get to the first, okay, six months to build the infrastructure, the processes, get all the people to get that going on this beginning of the seventh month, we got stuff on the street, and we're going to pre sell towards the, you know, like in the fourth month, because we can start pre selling. Okay, so on the seventh month, boom, we hit the streets. Lights return on. Okay. Doors are unlocked, okay, we're live now. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:42
Do you still have your local magazine here?

Speaker 1  1:04:45
I don't have anything. Oh, you don't hope it closed down everything. Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay, so,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:51
so who's your pilot community?

Speaker 1  1:04:53
You're gonna just cover up springs will be the start. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:57
pilot. And then you're gonna do that. Well,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:59
I'll do

Speaker 2  1:05:02
so what you are, you're gonna hire the first person, right? I don't

Speaker 1  1:05:05
want to run the company. I don't want to be the seat. I don't want to be anybody that be at the top. Really. I want to be their person that's in the mix of everything. I want to be the guy on the street, so I always have my pulse on the people, the communities, and I keep me in the know, things change, cultures change. I want to be able to flow with that. Okay? I want to understand it. And

Speaker 2  1:05:26
then you're going to got to develop a model that then you can then replicate others communities.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:32
Yeah, that's what we'll do. Well, that

Speaker 3  1:05:34
training programs for the sales team, all those, yeah, like that,

Speaker 1  1:05:37
that market development team, I say. But we need to build so that can go to market to market. Marty has 30

Speaker 2  1:05:42
years of best practices, and here's how you reach out to community. So,

Speaker 1  1:05:46
yeah, and to put that so, so I have a timeline, three years, okay, 36 months. I mean, three and a half years, if you take the six month period, okay, okay. So once we, we, we hit go, we start working on all this stuff. Six months launch. Three years after that, I want to have the 150 markets. Okay, so baby steps first. So we, it's going to be baby steps. We keep, continually build the processes, the teams, the infrastructure, because it's even the first six months won't completely get it all and then so at the end of that 12 months, after the six months, but 12 months I want to go to, I want to go to Microsoft, Amazon, all those. I'm going to court them a little bit ahead of time and try to bring them. Want to bring them in at a $5 billion valuation, at a 35% they buy in at 35% $1.75 billion okay? And now to make that work, the numbers got to work, okay? Well, the numbers do work if we execute fairly, right, okay, won't be perfectly.

Speaker 2  1:07:05
So if you're in your experience, Rick, how long does it take to introduce a new magazine to a community before, because I feel, I feel like there's a little chicken in the egg thing. Because you need first, you need to put a crap ton of work up front to build the relationships, to get all the businesses to put in the it's in the magazine. It's what, it's instant.

Speaker 1  1:07:29
It's instant, yeah. So for example, let's say that I'm pre selling right now for that seventh month.

Speaker 2  1:07:36
You already have the distribution channels, yeah, the restaurants and all that. Well,

Speaker 1  1:07:40
here locally. Yeah, locally. Here, we have to do Denver. We have to do Fort Collins and Greeley when we enter that market. Okay, okay, that's all part of the go to market.

Speaker 2  1:07:53
So if you come up with a new magazine, can you just walk like, what? What's the process of getting this place to put the magazine on the counter? Is it just walking in and

Speaker 1  1:08:05
manager? Yeah, yeah. But what I'll do is, no, I'll do more than that. I'll come in here and I'll talk to the owner here about having just our display. There no other displays. Okay, that's where it works. Okay, no other magazines will be in there. One display. It'll be ours. It's multiple pockets, because remember, we have 10 verticals titles now within those titles that say our advice, our advice title includes attorneys, accountants, stock brokers. So

Unknown Speaker  1:08:38
the restaurants are one title, one vertical.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:40
It's actually called deals.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:44
It's called deals. Deals is the magazine. Uh huh.

Speaker 1  1:08:47
Okay, deals again, it has to do with people like coupons Absolutely, yes, it's a big deal. Yeah, coupons on Google and all that, it's a big deal. So, so that's the psychology behind that. Have

Speaker 2  1:09:05
overpaid for so many things because they said they mark it up 35% mark it down 25%

Speaker 1  1:09:12
okay, so we start with deals. And so I'll just tell you how it works, you guys. So we go into the restaurant. So my team and we want, we want 17 to develop 17 people that will be calling on restaurants. Okay, I'm telling you the meat potatoes right here. So, so I'm one of those guys. I'm going to play it out. I come in and you guys are the owners. And I introduced myself, and I talked to and I tell you little just wrote something about me real quickly, and it doesn't take much people know about the magazines. They know about their racks. And I said, so here's what I want to do. So for years, I've been trying to develop something for you guys to pay you back for being friendly enough for the community, allowing these magazines, these community, local magazines, to be shared, you know, in the community, okay, very you got to make it very like it's for the community, okay? And remember, restaurants is the back has always been the backbone of communities. That's where all the meeting places are, right? Think back and if, when it's just farm communities, where to all the all the news was at the restaurant, and everybody's talking amongst everybody, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:10:27
Perceived the newspaper. Okay,

Speaker 1  1:10:28
so square it is. It's the town square, exactly. That's what I use so, so and I and I, so I bring them in, in that aspect of it. Okay, so they're engaged, they're they're invested, and they know they are. Because when I'm sitting with restaurants, you guys, I've been sitting with owners to where, in a 30 minute time period, they want to have two calls on for donations. Who gets called on more for donations than any other business in the community, restaurants, the local schools come in here. Can you donate this all those silent auctions? Yeah, okay. Restaurants get hit up for all those things. Cars, okay, so they're constantly hit up for fundraiser this and this and that constantly, all the time, and so. So if they can say, just imagine this real quickly, I'm kind of getting away. But imagine if you're that restaurant says, and I'm some young person, they go, yes, Rick, we already communicate and give to the community through our hub program. Did you see where we were part of the hub program? And we're giving every day to the community, and that's easy way for them to brush them off without saying no, because they don't want to say no to the school down the street. They probably won't maybe to that anyway, but every church is hitting them up, and it's their way of just say no without being sounding being an ass. Okay,

Speaker 2  1:11:57
so outside of investors, what's the revenue stream? How the revenues get? How the investors get? A ROI the investors?

Speaker 1  1:12:05
Well, like all investors, you're talking about, investors that invest in this, is that what you're talking about? Are we talking about what?

Speaker 2  1:12:12
Yeah. Well, you were talking about raising billions of dollars, yeah, yeah, for people. So what are they going to get out of it? Oh, what revenue is coming from the website and the and the magazine,

Speaker 1  1:12:22
multiple revenue streams got all the advertising dollars. Okay, so

Speaker 2  1:12:26
the restaurants have to pay to be in the on the hub, yes, yes, that wouldn't that hurt mom and pops

Speaker 1  1:12:33
No, because, remember, it's a package deal, so when they buy into the package with me, okay, they're getting, they're getting, let's say, a full page ad in the magazine. They're getting all this digital aspects. They get the rewards program. We have a Groupon feature, just like grid bomb, but it ties into our loyalty program. They get the marketplace, but they don't have to develop their own they get the E commerce side.

Speaker 2  1:13:00
It's all buying a marketing or an advertising program,

Speaker 1  1:13:03
entire platform, an ecosystem, okay, okay, that's what they're getting. And so you asked me, and somebody else asked me. They asked the how much the local businesses pay? How much are they? What's what's feasible, yeah, what

Unknown Speaker  1:13:26
would serranos coffee pay?

Speaker 1  1:13:27
Yeah, okay, so there's a lot of things about that, okay, so for example, what are they doing now? We don't know, right? We don't know, but are they doing print already? There's a lot of different print sources. So for example, I have some people and you said something to your date, I mean, earlier, and I thought, Wow, he really gets it. But some people will say, Rick. People aren't doing print anymore. Okay, I get that. Okay, more with younger people. But you know, many local magazines there are in this community alone in this Colorado Springs metro area now, okay, dozens. I imagine there's like four or five just in monument. Okay, okay, so, so you have all these little mom and pop business see it in my my material, I'd say in there that the problem is mom and pop businesses are advertising themselves into bankruptcy because you got salespeople out there that will take every single penny from them, no matter how crappy their their cell is, right? Their their product they're selling, they don't care. Yeah, their sales manager at the radio station says, go up there and get some sales. Makes it commissions, and you'll survive. Okay? And, and there's no so if marketing, and you guys get it in marketing, whatever you do, you should have continuity between everything, okay, so that it works and it builds on each other for brand recognition and branding and all this kind of stuff that's that's unheard of in small businesses, okay? Because it's not there and they're salespeople that sell it to them for all these different sources, they don't know what they're doing either. Okay, all this ignorance. Alright. So, so are they doing? Are they doing? What kind of online are they do? Are they doing this paint, somebody SEO, okay. Are they saying this, painting, somebody separate, doing their Facebook. You know where I'm going with this? Yeah. What's happening is

Speaker 2  1:15:32
paying for Groupon and realizing what a bad mistake that was. So many companies get burned by Groupon.

Speaker 1  1:15:43
So So Tribune, that's local senior magazine. They didn't have a Kids magazine. Oh yeah, the kids magazines over on the table, that ledge. Okay, so I come in here and I say, Look, you get a lot of seniors in here, yes, oh yeah. That's probably 25% of our business. So you know, if advertising this, we just target seniors only, okay? And you're thinking, yeah, senior magazine, that's

Unknown Speaker  1:16:06
right, because you have 10 verticals, yeah, that

Speaker 1  1:16:09
makes sense. They think, Oh yeah, okay. Independent comes in here, and this is a local magazine. You go here with this, you get kind of a broad, you know, here locally, blah, blah, blah. And so they're putting $25 in this. They're putting $75 in this a month. And they're putting 100, you know, $95.99 in their SEO person to get their Facebook person, bye bye bye bye. And how much does that accumulate before it's all done? What is it? 457, $100 yeah, okay, and then, and who else does? But one of my point is, is they don't even know. So you see these magazines here, do you know for the last six How many years did I tell you, six or seven years that I've been collecting these, every single issue. And I take in here, and I go, I go on my spreadsheet, and I go, August, September. I put type that in there in the column, and I go, Metro, mountain, Metropolitan Transit, and I see if they're already in the system. And then where it I come over here to the side, and I go inside front cover, okay, okay, inside front cover. They're always full page ad. Maybe down here I get to this page, I don't put the page number. I say, okay, legends have page ad, and it's always in this issue, inventoring

Speaker 2  1:17:31
advertisers from years already. All the prints gotta be a valuable database

Unknown Speaker  1:17:39
too. Yeah, exactly.

Speaker 1  1:17:40
Now, I wish I had problem, but I don't need it. But I need it to be more powerful here. So when I go into that business, I already have, I already know what print they've been doing, they've been doing coupons, books and all these different things. And I can already I know what I can get the rate card, so I can already add up how much money they're spending, okay, all these kinds of things. And I used to do some I used to log in radio ads when I heard them, and I put down dates and all that kind of stuff. I take pictures off the TV screens on ads, if I see ads on TV. So I'm collecting some data that I can't but I want to ask him, I'm not going to walk in there like I know it off course. You know, smart is dumb, dumb is smart, yeah, and so. But I know if they're forgetting something or if they're purposely not telling me, and I can say, I think I saw you in senior magazine. Okay, so you have to play every situation So, but anyway, I want to go in there, but, but these are the restaurants right. I'm talking restaurants right now. Nothing else i So for the restaurants being so important for the distribution, okay, they're going to get a substantial discount over any other type of business, okay, probably as much as a 50% discount, okay, okay, super small margins, but they're critical to the to the foundation of our reach, to reach our penetration, okay, and because of the amount of traffic that restaurants draw to your website, so there's multiple reasons it's a good partnership, Okay? So I can give them a package deal on many levels that they can't get anywhere else. Bundles. There's a reason why bundles have been popular over the decades. Okay, it's hard to compete with a bundle. Yeah. Okay, so, so yes, can this restaurant? Can they afford $800 a month. It's not that much of a problem at all. It's not but here's the thing about mom and pops, and this is why it's a real personal thing to me, it's personal, and I hate these other salespeople. Can't stand them. It's reason why I came up with my rewards program is because all these different things i and i pioneer data, and we can get it at another time. So I'm big in data. I don't know if you could tell that already. Okay, I pioneered it in this country. So the the when you when I sit down and I talk to this owner here. Of course, he's at his where he rose, but most moment pops when you ask them to invest $750 into your program. Where's that $750 going to come from? Now it could come from because they're going to quit this one, they're going to quit this, and they're going to quit that and that, right? But this may still not be enough. Where does the money come from? It means that they have to sit there and they go, Okay, well, we're not gonna put Jimmy in the into the wrestling program this year at that club thing he was gonna go to. We're gonna put that off. Forget the gymnastic pops. Yes, it has to come off their teaching table. Something has to be traded for them to do this. Okay? And when you think about it, that's personal, right? Okay, and I feel for them, because I see you guys don't know how many times I have walked I've I've wrote a check. I got a check from somebody back in when I did the financial business, okay, I was starving. Okay, the next day, I took the money back to him. The check back to him. Tore up the contract. I said, because I didn't like the husband, I think he was an ass and we weren't good fit. And I said, I think you need to find somebody else to do business with. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:21:54
gotta do Okay, so many people don't have a chance to do

Speaker 1  1:21:56
that. I was getting $1,800 a month from the military base, Air Force Base distributing their weekly publication every month. Okay? Nobody picked it up. Nobody picked it up. The independent was printing all the other military papers. Okay, nobody picks them up. They printed out. They printed 8000 I think they had me distributed every week, and I was throwing away all but maybe 1000 and I told him to cut back. They said, Oh, no, that's that's like, Yeah, we had to get the general here at the base to approve all that, all this shit. Okay? And finally, I told him. I said, if you guys, guys just need to stop it. It's nobody's picking it up. Okay, would you just give up $24,000 a year? That was you're out there delivering your other magazines at the same time, it was driving money. Yeah, okay, that's a quarter of $100,000 okay, so they finally quit, and I talked them into it. Jeez. I'm telling you this because I was a bad kid. I have a lot of bad karma, okay, but my life's not like that. I'm repenting Okay, and I have a pretty I have a pretty solid foundation that I live by. Okay, so, so I'm real particular about these small businesses. I feel for them. I understand where they're coming from, understand the cost of them, and that's what driven me to do develop this whole thing. They need things that are turnkey for him. He knows what I'm talking about with the data stuff that we there's another day. But this does all have synergy. It doesn't maybe seem like it right now, because there's so much.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:51
Yeah, no, it does,

Unknown Speaker  1:23:53
but it does, it does.

Speaker 2  1:23:54
Seems like it all comes together. And that was kind of my question about who, who are you going to get to handle those things, to to the in a way that you're going to be okay with, like that? That's why I was asking those questions, because you clearly have a ton of experience, so you're going into this with a ton of confidence. You know how to go, you know how to talk to the businesses you have background to be able to have that conversation with them. Now, I see it. I like it. It's it's a lot. So we need more people willing to take on a lot of a lot

Speaker 1  1:24:35
right now with you guys, but create the questions. And, you know, I'm standing up because I'm pumped. I'm so stoked that I told Matthias, is that, you know, I pretty much for years, I've kind of been the island here, yeah, and, and all this is not my, you know, I've been able to do this often, a little piece from you and a little piece from you. I'm not an Elon Musk, okay, so I've collectively been able to take all this and have the ability to put these all together. Just links, all the little things that you guys do, that you all come up with and and have my had my sense, I have the local understanding, being able to piece it together, the right the puzzle brought it together. But I didn't originate every single little thing there is okay. It comes from everybody, yeah. And so when I talk to you guys, and then you guys are coming and creating additional things, and I told Matthias, I said, I'm going to I just can't even fathom what this is actually going to turn into, because it's just not based on my limited, you know, I have limitations, but my my ability to think outside the box, because I don't have the experiences or something, but other people do, yeah, and if you if you saw This, and you think, wow, we have like 20 people, crazy people, holy mackerel. I mean, they're talking this is insane. I fully see this as being insane. But going back to earlier, to

Speaker 2  1:26:24
see it as being so different, there's really that, that process of letting people know that this exists, and training people. I don't think you're gonna have problems finding people to be the local ambassadors. Yeah, I just see so much of this is as just being really, really cool. I mean, I think it's pretty unique.

Speaker 1  1:26:47
You said it earlier. So the local, the people, the young people, and this and that the so imagine on a community level, you get to be involved. You're You're, you're involved in all these nonprofits raising money doing good. You're the positive reinforcement of knowing that this church is raising money through the reverse program. They're building that new kids preschool thing over here, or they're doing, they're doing outreach, missionary work over here, whatever, the schools might be a little different now, because I heard Colorado have some new rules now. So don't like it at all, but if money's going to help this cheerleading program over at this school, all these different things that you get to feel good about and but you're also to a lot of people. Again, it's that right person to be that Ambassador, you know, they got they can't be that, that person that, like goes, Oh God, I want to meet such and so Bono or something, you know, see, I can meet anybody on this planet. I won't get jittery because of it. So we don't want people that's going to get so like it's such a big deal, it's bad for but not really. The

Speaker 2  1:28:20
job description will scream, but

Speaker 1  1:28:24
you want that, but you, you, you said it where they they have pride. They feel like they're doing greatness in their communities. Oh, our involvement in the communities and other ways with the arts and their parks and everything. There's other things in this community. This won't be like in all of them that in our community here, this is a home office. I have earmarked $50 million a year to give annually to the community, I have it broken down. We have things that we want to do for parks that have never been done in America, an idea that my son picked up in Singapore, different things that we can bring to our communities that's never been done anywhere. Okay? So I have homeless. I have a solution for homelessness, all these different things that we can as a company, empower our team to be a part of, okay, yeah,

Speaker 2  1:29:21
so the hub for the all of the Commerce of the community, so you'll have Sway is problem

Unknown Speaker  1:29:27
solving, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:29:29
okay,

Speaker 1  1:29:30
my job is to be involved in the community, into the political part of it. Okay? Because I don't want to say I hate these words, but the bottom line is, is the leverage of our company gives us power on a political level. You said it a minute ago in a different Yeah, I

Speaker 3  1:29:50
mean, I was, I was laying out the sales pitch for how you

Speaker 2  1:29:56
I'm also kind of thinking now that there's a there's another layer to this when you talk about bringing value back to the businesses, like, is there some sort of a network, a community network, where all the Business owners can communicate and get you know, like, share ideas and, and, yeah, that sort of thing you see where I'm going, like a behind the scenes. Like a behind the scenes thing is, you're, it's kind of like you're not just advertising this magazine. You're joining the monument Chamber of Commerce, essentially

Speaker 3  1:30:30
displacing that. It's a new name, yeah. So

Speaker 2  1:30:35
now all of the now, all of the businesses in the community that see the value, so they're investing in it. Now you let them, like, I get to be a part of all of these other businesses in the community. It kind of becomes a mastermind. Can take

Speaker 3  1:30:50
different forms. So you have scheduled think tanks, you'd have a forum, chat kind of a thing. Like, hey, I'm looking for X, Y and

Speaker 2  1:30:57
Z. Lunch in for all the business owners, a networking event.

Speaker 1  1:31:01
Yeah. So where are they networking for? Are they networking for to for leads,

Speaker 2  1:31:09
just with each other, just just because they're all businesses in the community giving back to the community. I'm

Speaker 3  1:31:15
the auto shop guy. Yeah, and Rick, I want your like, here's the thing. I've been beating my head against the wall. I don't know how to find good techs. And I'm like, and you have to educate people on how to think like this. But Rick, like, can you help me figure out? Like, how do you find people? Like, can you help me? I'm in my own little bubble, and I only know the things that I know. Like, do you have any kind of weird perspective on how I could find text for this and actually not get somebody who cuts off his thumb three months from now and isn't gone in a week because of some kind of medicine, you know? And having those types of conversations and behind closed doors, where it's safe to talk about

Speaker 2  1:31:55
this, right? Because one of the things that one of the things that I saw this was because I was in the mortgage industry for 25 years, and one of the things when we were talking about local, local building, local presence as a originator, loan originator, one of those things was, was going to all of these businesses and creating meetups. Because, like as a loan guy, I have an entire industry that's teaching us about technology and marketing and advertising. Joe's auto shop doesn't know anything about technology. He doesn't know anybody that knows anything about technology. So you bring all of those business owners together to share resources and ideas, and it's

Speaker 3  1:32:37
the academy, but you turn it into a legend, learn for Exactly, okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:32:41
so you guys are already thought I was gonna say, I was gonna

Speaker 1  1:32:43
say, say that. I was gonna say, Well, this can just be built into the academy. Yeah, it could,

Speaker 3  1:32:47
but it could be live events, and then you can have a local videographer record it in exchange for sponsorship to get visibility to the videographer, yes, and then post it into the

Speaker 2  1:32:55
academy, yes. And you talk about adding the value to the advertisers. You're not just advertising. You become part of this community that's taking care of this community.

Matthias Miller  1:33:04
You get AI, access to the trained resources. Hey, I'm looking to market my business. Well, Joe over here at you know, Rocky's auto repair did this, and this worked really well for him, based on this training over here, which you can go

Speaker 1  1:33:18
find, yeah, because these small businesses, just like me, they they're on their own island too. Yeah, they have nobody to share, you know, because we know businesses like this, so every single business, any any kind on the planet. So, but they don't really have anybody that they can be vulnerable to, right? And they still will be hesitant to open up. But when you become real vulnerable, then you're going to get, really get something back in return that you're really searching for. And so if we can, if we can be that conduit, right? Well, whatever also. So now you're engaging. Now we're bringing the all these small enterprises together as one.

Speaker 2  1:34:04
That's power, because most people are in industrial feedback loops. Yeah. So they know, they know. They know everybody who's a restaurant owner. They've got two buddies that's a restaurant owner. They're always preaching to the choir. But when they talk to Joe's auto body shop, Joe's auto body is going to say something, but that restaurant owner is like, holy cow. I never thought about that. That could be applied to my business. So it's that intersection of different disciplines and ideas and different businesses that create something greater than any individual business could do on their

Unknown Speaker  1:34:40
own, which is exactly what you've done

Speaker 1  1:34:42
here, by the way. So this kind of brings in something that we haven't even actually mentioned, but which is is part of the foundation of this is that's the bond. Okay? That bonds the hub to the community. That's the strength that nobody else can deliver. And that's

Speaker 2  1:35:12
Yeah, so you're not asking people to be an advertiser. You're you're giving people a channel that they can get even more involved in the community, access to not only, not only the people in the community, but all of the other businesses in the community.

Unknown Speaker  1:35:28
That's why I'm saying we're there. I wouldn't we're the

Unknown Speaker  1:35:30
kind of you're the hub.

Unknown Speaker  1:35:33
And by the way, the way,

Speaker 1  1:35:35
the hub named my son, was talking to me. Know where we got it. Where are you familiar with? Eric Weinstein, yes, podcast, yeah, okay. Is his? Is

Unknown Speaker  1:35:46
that called the hub? Yeah, no, no, it's

Speaker 1  1:35:48
not called the hub, but he's tight with Peter till, okay, okay. Peter tell Okay, so. So they were talking, my son listens all these things all day long, and of a portal. That's what is, he's, he said. And they were talking about what we, what I am, and they were saying, yeah, all these, they need to just have all this stuff under one invite, one self contained fame, you know. And my sons tell me this, and they said, they said, Yeah, they just need to have a hub. And I was looking for a better name. I was never happy with the you and I go. They just said what they they would call it. And they said what we are, they just described us, yeah, yeah, and that's how I settled on it. Well,

Speaker 2  1:36:40
that's a very easy word. When somebody hears the word against and

Speaker 1  1:36:44
we know what it is, and a lot of companies have that word as a part of something in their companies, yeah, you know. But the yeah, there's just a lot,

Unknown Speaker  1:36:59
yeah, I think, I

Unknown Speaker  1:37:00
think, but

Speaker 2  1:37:02
yeah, this is really cool. It was really interesting. Thank you for bringing me in on this conversation. But

Speaker 1  1:37:07
I think he's gonna, I think you're thrill is going to get when you get more into the data part, because I saw you light up on because, because, do you know what the ultimate goal of the data revolution is? What is to be able to know when you're going to order your next team? Oh, yeah. Intent, right, yeah, I did it in 1991 I've already done it. I've conquered it in 1991 and the largest database company back in 1991 told me that if anybody ever it was a holy grail, that that was the ultimate mission to figure that out. And to this day, they're getting really closer, but until you can master a complete stream of clean data,

Unknown Speaker  1:37:58
right? And all this clean data,

Speaker 1  1:38:02
and every time I talk to Oracle and snowflake, from our snowflake, all these data, you know, data bricks, data bricks, or data axle, are the ones that bought the company I was talking to years ago, the database company, they always say to me, they say, Well, you actually know what you're talking about in data. And yeah, that there's no nobody has a complete channel to having clean data on a continuous basis, yeah, but I have figured that out by all the all the decades, you know. And so, yeah, we'll have the most clean data well,

Speaker 2  1:38:45
you also have the most diverse because the problem with identifying what tea they're gonna buy next is you have to be able to have data input from the place where they buy the tea, right like you. In order to get that data point of what tea they buy and what their favorite brand is, you need to be able to get that from but on the hub, all of that in the community exists within the community, and as they're engaging with that, then you're building your data profiles.

Unknown Speaker  1:39:12
So how do I get the data from this place? I know, I'm just asking.

Speaker 2  1:39:20
It depends on which data you're looking for, like, if they have a customer base. I mean, that's the only way you could get it, is get access

Speaker 1  1:39:26
to but I want to know. I want to know the SKU items, you know, I want to know it was a jasmine tea. Yeah, not just tea. I mean POS,

Unknown Speaker  1:39:37
there's different, yeah, you would need POS for that

Speaker 1  1:39:39
exact Okay, all right, so you saw my chart. Okay, we ever got that far to the end? Yeah, I might chose just so you can see we need to have our own POS system. I've known this for decades. Okay, a hub POS system. So they have our POS system up here. How do I get them to install our POS system and replace them when they have

Unknown Speaker  1:40:10
that's a pretty big lift.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:11
That's a pretty big left,

Speaker 1  1:40:12
I know. See, there's a lot of questions now, there's answers I'd have to do. I if I walked in there and say, look, here's a POS system. Would be

Speaker 2  1:40:21
one way of the data, though, is, is it really great? Okay, it's also specialized to the industry as well. Yes, yeah. So you'd have to develop a POS system, but you could have a virtual POS system on the hub. Potentially, we could start people could go through, I mean, you could get legal. You probably couldn't get what they were ordering.

Speaker 1  1:40:44
Well, if they're our own marketplace and stuff, and there's, there's parts you can and parts we have to work with, it's going to take time and money.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:53
You thought of everything. I'll give you that.

Speaker 1  1:40:57
So, yeah, so, but So, how do I get him to do it? Because I you got it is like, it'd be like me trying to take a screwdriver and pry up concrete. Okay, oh yeah, to get them to change their

Speaker 2  1:41:12
system. Oh, absolutely okay, because you have to treat trade employees. Nobody likes anything,

Speaker 1  1:41:17
so you have to all of it. So you have to have a this minimal amount of barrier to entry. So free is always the first thing. So do we have to provide the whole prop, the whole pls system, free charge. So that's one barrier of entry. That's the biggest one. Then the training and making sure that it can seamlessly be. How fast is it gonna take weeks? Or is it gonna be like couple hours? You're done. Okay? So now, if we're building this as a self contained environment, so it should be, we could be able to make this as seamless within the ecosystem as possible. Okay, so, so think of Apple. Is that hard to is it hard to work within Apple's ecosystem, between their their products and services? Okay, so everything has to be like that. So, which means we have to have great minds, great skills, great talent.

Unknown Speaker  1:42:20
Surely, there's a,

Speaker 1  1:42:22
I mean, does this sound fun? This is a long term,

Speaker 2  1:42:26
yeah, yeah, no. It's very cool. It's very interesting. There's a, there's a lot of moving parts, and it's going to require a lot of people being on the same page to post. So it needs to be distilled and it needs to be simplified, because it's a lot. It's

Unknown Speaker  1:42:44
staged, yes, for sure, and

Unknown Speaker  1:42:46
there's so much details. You guys, I

Speaker 2  1:42:48
can't I like restaurants, I like the local I like you doing the pilot, because you already have the experience doing it. How long has it been since you've been in the field, pre covid?

Unknown Speaker  1:43:01
I'm always out in the field doing my racks and stuff. I talked about,

Unknown Speaker  1:43:04
okay, you're still doing you're still doing that.

Speaker 1  1:43:07
I'm non stop talking to businesses. So, so, for example, restaurants Okay, grab hub DoorDash, okay. Do you know what they charge? A lot? How much you think their margins are? Right here? Their net margins, okay, it's going to be 20% or lower, really, yes, their net margins, okay, okay. Ping on the industry. I'm just saying restaurant

Speaker 2  1:43:33
margins are usually pretty high. It's a margin of the food is high net margins,

Speaker 1  1:43:38
not gross margins, because when you got figuring all the paper cups and lids and labor and everything else, utilities,

Unknown Speaker  1:43:46
service, yeah, providing Okay,

Speaker 1  1:43:47
so net margins are going to be around 20% or lower the DoorDash Nim will take as much as 30% Wow.

Unknown Speaker  1:44:02
Sorry, how many percent you said 3030,

Speaker 1  1:44:04
so where does that leave? How much net margin these guys gonna get then, okay, so

Speaker 2  1:44:11
DoorDash is charging them, and they're also charging because the consumer, yeah, DoorDash. Vt, yes,

Unknown Speaker  1:44:19
we go straight to DoorDash. Okay,

Speaker 1  1:44:22
so I've talked to him, I've talked to many restaurants, and I go and ask him, I go, that's how I know the percentage and stuff now that ideally, the best thing to do is that before we were to jump into that, we would have people actually do the job, somebody that's actually worked for one of those companies for a while. Okay, you want to know the insight, but I talked to him, I said, so let me ask you something. If I provide the same service and I did it at 15% or 20% would you give me an exclusive? And I've had a yes every single

Speaker 3  1:45:00
time, so, but then you need to build out your network of drivers as well. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:45:04
you do, yeah, you'd have to, yeah, there's a lot of software now that can handle that stuff. Now, see, so that helps a lot logistical software, right? Okay, so what does that mean? If I go out and I sign up all these local businesses as an exclusive what does that do to door to action? GrubHub

Unknown Speaker  1:45:33
puts a lot of kids out of business. We can hire

Unknown Speaker  1:45:37
their drivers. Yeah, the best ones only, please. Because so

Speaker 1  1:45:40
what I've learned, here's what I've learned about local you guys, everybody, and everybody on a local level, everybody, every time they see something that's kind of looks good, like, Oh God, I can do that too. I can make money, okay? So you get a lot of copycats. So when I did all those events, I had all those other magazines, all those trying to copy me exactly. So it's taking some of the sizzle away from me, right? Yeah, okay, and it also piss me off. I'm competitive the so I thought, so you think you're just going to be able to copy off of me? So then I went to the event, people, all the nonprofits, and I said, Look, I've done this for five years. Nobody, nobody helped you. Nobody was promoting you. Gave you all this free stuff. I said, now people are trying to copy me. I said. I said, Would you mind giving me an exclusive? I said, No, no, no, they wouldn't mind. So they gave me exclusive. So literally, the other magazines would show up at the event, at the door, and they would get turned down. So, so how much competition did now, does that make my products more exclusive? Yeah, yes, yeah. So I can do this in so many ways, on a local level, you

Unknown Speaker  1:47:03
can, you

Speaker 3  1:47:04
can, but then, but then, I think it's a matter of, let's go copycat shadow, mirror, record everything and turn you into a training system. That's why I'm saying that's exactly, really important part of exactly,

Speaker 2  1:47:16
because all of this is, is decades of trial and error. Yes, and you know, with the rollout times that you're talking about launching a new community, yeah, that that training, that teaching people how to do. This is one of the bigger pieces of this whole puzzle.

Speaker 1  1:47:36
Yeah, I didn't even finish up on that one thing earlier about the cells. Uh huh. Okay, so, but I digress a little bit. So I was sitting at a table with the CBB. I set it at in like you are right here, the president of the CBB of Oklahoma City Convention visitor marketing. Sandy was there. I knew Sandy already. Okay? I had my brother go with me. I have people go with me on meetings. If I can, it could be somebody on the team. Nobody did matter, because I want somebody there. My brother was here at the conference table like this. He never said a word. So I'm where you are, okay? And I'm talking about my reports, my rewards program, how it's going to work with CVBS. Now this is a new thing I just threw out at you. Okay, so again, you learn by being on the street. Yeah. So I've been I got involved the best most. The best way to get educated about an industry is get involved in their their associations. Yeah, they produce, they produce data on, on everything. Okay? You get their monthly Association journals, this and that. Okay, so the the convention and visiting business, the they have one goal that is to get heads to beds, heads into hotels. People stay overnight. They spend X number of dollars, this and that, so on and so forth. So I would go to these in Kansas, Oklahoma, and they all have them all over the United States. And so I learned about the industry, got more educated, doing it for several years, and my rewards program so conventioners, if I'm a conventioner and I'm planning a convention and I'm deciding where I'm going to put that convention, I'm basing it on what I think my members want where they're going to get the most out of the convention, the facilities, but also what they're going to do when they're not at the convention, okay, the convention, the CBB, which you guys, your job, is always going to places to to court these conventioners to come in, the bowling Association, the gymnastics Association, the whatever it is, right? And there's an acronym for for the different categories, like they do weddings and this and that, military is one of them. Your job is to get those conventions to come in. So if your job is to get them to come in, you want to know what they're looking for, why would they pick your city? What's your, what are your what's your selling proposition, right? And the more data you can have on that organization, the better selling job you'd be able to do, the more the things you would point out that that you have to offer. Okay, but where's your data? What data do you have? You don't know any convention you've ever had. What people do? You don't know where they go. The number one thing people do is shop. That's 80 something percent, but you don't know. Did they go to the exploration center? Did they go to the gaming place? Did they go to the arts museum? Okay, they don't. They don't have a clue. So they don't have any hard information to present to them to get them to convince why you guys are such a good place to have your convention. And conventions is money into those cities, millions of dollars on one convention. Yeah. Okay, so Denver's metro area has like 90 million a year come through the city. Okay, I just heard that last week. So all right, now, if you're the conventioner, okay, you want to know what the likes are of your conventioners. What are their interests? And you don't have it. It doesn't exist. You can do a survey. Yeah, here's a survey. Here's some questionnaires. Tell me what you think you might like and you know they probably do stuff like that. Okay? With my remorse program, I solve it for both ends. Okay? Harper local, okay, so here's how it works. The conventioner says, okay, the conventioner planner, the convention planner for that event. Let's say I'm a Bowlers Association. I'm going to, there's usually a fee to these conventions, right? It might be $95 it could be, I paid over that. I paid 1995 a day at a convention. Okay? They're going to charge $10 extra, and what it's going to include is going to be, include the rewards program. Okay, so in Oklahoma City, I went there, I didn't have this thing developed or nothing. I just wanted to know if there was value to them, other than what I thought there was value. Okay? And they and he goes, Okay, so let's see. So you're going to our conventions, they're going to charge $10 so instead of $180 it's going to be $190 is anybody going to balk at paying 109 $10 more? No, it's an easy deal. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:53:27
that $10 will come to me, and I will give $1 to the CBP local CBP,

Speaker 1  1:53:36
okay, now, if you understand how that works, where they get their money and stuff like that, it's very controlled. Okay? They get from me, it's whatever that President wants to do with it totally at his discretionary it's not told by the city manager or the city or the or the chamber, wherever they get it. Okay,

Speaker 2  1:54:02
what do the convention organizers get out of charge of charging? Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:54:06
so at $10 they're gonna get $1 I get $9 okay, the conventioner will get a data because everybody uses the rewards program. I know where they win. I know what time today. I know how

Speaker 2  1:54:26
they go to it's kind of they, they it's kind of like they're going to the hub and they can see all the restaurants and the things to do, and if they book through your website, is that how you're collecting So,

Speaker 1  1:54:41
so the data is collected when they so you're, I'm a conventioner now, yeah, I'm in, I'm in monument,

Speaker 2  1:54:50
right for the rewards program, but I don't know What the rewards program is, because it was just included in my fee. Well,

Speaker 1  1:54:56
the consumers will be that the conventioners will, you know, you get a packet, usually, okay, okay, and that packet, it gives you information, stuff and all this, and through the communication process that that conventioner will already be logged in, into that, that particular tracking. All right, so every time they go now, why would they, why would they be incentivized to go ahead and do that? Because they're getting rewards. Okay, remember, these rewards are used anywhere in the country with the business to participate. Okay? Right now they get the data. Now they have data where all their customers, all of the other convictions, go what they like. So when they plan the next one, they'll have something to base it on. Okay? Did it cost them anything? No, it cost them absolutely nothing. Okay, now the local CVB, they also now have something they're selling points for their next conventions, where people what they like, where they frequent more they had they have information. They never had it. Neither side had this information before. Do you know? What? Do you know? What some some venues go to like they say you go to the Museum of Natural History up in Denver, okay, they may go out and they may go out in the parking lot. Look at license plate name, Florida, Delaware, okay, those are some methods they use to track where the people are

Speaker 3  1:56:35
coming from, any rentals with that society. It

Speaker 1  1:56:38
could be, I know. I'm just saying we go back to clean data, right? So now here's the deal. You know how many people he was going to have, they have coming in just from their business conventions, not their leisure travel. That's another part, just from the convention. It was going to be that, that $9 I was going to get was going to be between 9.5 to $13 million a year to the hub, my money. Okay? You know what he said to me? He said, I'm ready to sign. I just need to get your contract for me. I'll go have the attorney look at it, approve it, and we'll sign off right on the spot, just like that, because they want that data so bad. You know, data is everybody wants data. Yeah, it was gonna be able to tell them stories that they never knew. Now, so figure ten million from just Oklahoma City, and multiply that by 150 which is after year there, okay, margins almost. The other thing that

Speaker 2  1:57:53
I'm kind of thinking of is like cruise ships. You know, they sell excursions on cruise ships. So once you have, once you have there at the convention, so, you know, you have their attention, you can provide them with the rewards program. Hey, here, here, all the pre negotiated discounts or activities or things that we have as a member of the community. That's how you get them to go through the app, because they're getting a special well.

Matthias Miller  1:58:20
And on top of that, and I don't know how far you want to take this, but on top of that, there's always the meet and greets for, you know, guests and and ones or like this, like they could RSVP and throw things, throw events onto their calendar for, you know, extra things they want to do, another reason for them to log in. That's

Speaker 1  1:58:36
the beautiful part. This is a tool, right, right? And we can, we can create all kinds of ways to use the tool or incentivize. There's,

Unknown Speaker  1:58:46
it's a multi tool.

Speaker 1  1:58:51
So there's, I brought that up for a reason. I wanted to show you that that these are interviews. Okay, these are interviews. This is that there's where you, you I didn't guess and say, is there a need? Yeah, I don't know. Okay, I went out there, so going back to where I was going to go to is that here's how we do ourselves. Okay? We got, we got people selling all this other stuff. We got people selling radio, right? We got selling TV, billboards, cable. Okay, and I've already told you about cable, Cox, cable. I told you about iHeartRadio. That was the first one in way back and in Oklahoma City, multiple cities and the the all these different salespeople with these different companies, if you're familiar with salespeople, salespeople are really greedy.

Speaker 2  1:59:54
Okay? It comes to now, well, they eat what they kill, a lot of exactly.

Speaker 1  1:59:58
So what does that mean? It's about getting them sell and getting that commission, oh,

Speaker 2  2:00:03
giving them something that's easy for them to sell, exactly. Okay?

Speaker 1  2:00:07
So what I already know, and the reason why I have my account reps set up. The reason I even came up with how that's going to work and why it has to be that way is from my failures of partnering up with other media companies. Yeah, okay, so I know the problems I've dealt with them so the so I have, I have these other salespeople with all these different other mediums that will never be able to sell any part of the hub, and they're already losing those cells to other other companies anyway, right? So give me an example. I have this. I'm this salesperson for this ad right here. Okay, and the independent okay, this same customer is buying media and other stuff from other companies. Yeah, I'm not getting any commission off of that. Yeah, I want it. I'm greasy. I'm a bitch. Okay, I want it. Okay, so here comes Rick. Rick has a program that blows the freaking doors off all this crap. Better quality, better results, tracking methods for the for the business, all these, all these benefits. And I say to, I say to, you're the salesperson. I say, Scott, look, you're always going to be selling this, you know, his budget. You got rapport with this guy, your best buddies, everything, right? He's buying other stuff. You're never going to get a part of it. I tell you what. We'll go in there with the hub. We'll take those dollars from those other companies, and I'll give you 10% off of that every single month,

Unknown Speaker  2:01:48
lifetime, first year, lifetime,

Speaker 1  2:01:52
as long as they pay and you don't have Here's all you need to do. You make the appointment with your buddy. Okay, now, remember, this guy knows his budget some to some degree. Yeah, this may be a cell that's on the fence. He hasn't closed. Okay,

Speaker 2  2:02:09
you bring them something. Okay, all you and you give them recurring revenue

Speaker 1  2:02:14
now, and you're agree, and you're thinking, okay, so wait, Rick, all I have to do is make the appointment. Go with you on an appointment for the introductions, and sit there and shut up and keep saying, Hey, Scott, this is a good deal, isn't it? Okay? Okay, yeah. And when we walk out the door, Scott, you're done. You don't have to pick up a pencil or phone call. You don't have to go collecting the information. No, no logos. You don't have to do nothing. You're done. Okay, every month you're gonna get a check at 10% off all those.

Speaker 3  2:02:50
There's 1,000,001 legal shield, I don't know, fill in the blank folks who would fall over if they could do that. Okay,

Speaker 1  2:02:58
okay, now you open up another I saw. I'm not done with just that, because think about all the pharmaceutical reps. They have all these Doctor data that they're customer base, yeah, that I want to get into doctors with. If it's not through an ad sells a media salesperson, I go through other reps that reps these companies with other ways. Okay, so, yeah, all these lengen companies that call me or they want to help me do this and this and that I don't need them, their quality of leads won't be nearly as quality as these. This is how do you think my closing ratio is going to be on this? Okay?

Speaker 2  2:03:35
All right, I'm tapping out information for my day. I

Speaker 1  2:03:39
can't I gotta have these 17 sales reps that can go out with these other sales reps to handle the appointments. Okay, so it's immediate.

Speaker 3  2:03:53
All right, let's figure out we got 30 minutes until the next this is reserved, and you reserve this room. I did. I only reserved until 230 but it's open if nobody else has it. So let's figure out how to put a cap on the information and where to go from here. You don't, you don't have to consume this. Okay, so you just Rick's the data guy.

Speaker 1  2:04:18
These are the vertigo verticals of different divisions, and I'm going to break this down in between. Some of these divisions are applicable only to consumer oriented. Some of them are just business. And I'm going to separate it. I'm going to divide that.

Speaker 2  2:04:32
I want to know which fucking computer program to

Unknown Speaker  2:04:36
use, Excel spreadsheet

Speaker 2  2:04:43
like do you have to scroll for 15 minutes to get to this side of the Spro? Okay, that's

Speaker 1  2:04:47
so funny. You said. So I my 25 year old now, he goes, he says, Dad, you don't need to print out. Just show people on the computer. I says, Jacob, there's two things with that. One is, you can't see the visual of this. You don't grasp it right on a spreadsheet. Plus, I don't want to take 20 minutes to keep

Unknown Speaker  2:05:09
scrolling way more exactly.

Speaker 1  2:05:13
I print this. I bring it home. I lay it on the floor. I said, Rick, Jacob, come here. He comes in and he looks. He goes. So you teach a young person visual, okay,

Speaker 2  2:05:29
yeah, you send it to a Kinkos or something. The spreadsheet and

Speaker 1  2:05:34
say, not updated, because you know what they want to print this.

Unknown Speaker  2:05:37
Oh, I would imagine hundreds,

Unknown Speaker  2:05:41
yes, hundreds of dollars.

Speaker 3  2:05:43
How is this different than a I guess blueprint is probably monochrome most times. Yeah, all right, so,

Speaker 1  2:05:51
but to get other minds like you guys, you know this is going to go way beyond my, way beyond what I ever imagined.

Speaker 2  2:06:02
I really believe that, yeah, you're definitely the visionary. You're going to need people. I

Matthias Miller  2:06:08
think the pragmatic question is where to from here. I mean, yeah, is this of interest to you? To be involved in some way? And there's going to be a journey to figuring out what it looks like.

Speaker 2  2:06:21
I'm open. I'm interested. I really like I like the hyper local part. I like the engaging local businesses. I like supporting and promoting local businesses. I think you've got a really cool and interesting angle with for the community, by the community kind of kind of thing. Why make decisions about where you're going to take your family from a Google search? Why don't you what you ultimately what you would do is you go down to the local pub and and you overhear some dude talking about his favorite restaurant. You only get that in the community. You don't get that from a Google search, right? So, like, there's this really cool kind of aspect to it. I'm I'm open, I'm open to continuing the conversation. I it, I like you. I like your vision, I think it's a I think it's a Mount Everest of an idea.

Speaker 1  2:07:20
Those are the things that are, are paradigm shifts. Those are the things that because, like I said, we're going to have to have billions of dollars. Okay, so what's going on? There's one

Speaker 2  2:07:31
education process that's going to have to happen in order for people to engage in this whole

Speaker 1  2:07:36
Yes, so what's going to what's going to court companies are going to be able to do, to do that long term, okay? They don't want small things anyway, yeah, okay. They're looking for the trillion dollar, next trillion dollar deal. That's where we I mean, that's kind of a big number, but that's almost where we're getting to where it used to be hundreds of millions and maybe a billion dollar companies, the unicorns, but now they're talking about hectic corners and words. It's a 50, $30 billion company. I mean, 100 billion now. So this is all mapped out. I believe we can do I just saw the map. Well, there's, there's a couple things I'll quote real quick. Tell me Scott locology, locally, localology.com, or.org local, local marketing is a $1 trillion industry, okay, 1 trillion. Um, I'm sorry I said one train, 10 trillion. I was way off. Okay, it's a trend our marketplace.

Speaker 2  2:08:49
I know Google's going there. Google's trying to break into the

Speaker 1  2:08:54
and so is manna, Facebook, okay, they're all up. Okay, now there's another part of this that is extremely important. This is, this is the most important thing that I wanted to teach touch on. And that is, there's a other, another whole deal now, then this is everything. Everything is being the all the consultants like Deloitte and McKenzie, they're all going in this way with the biggest companies, and that is, they're developing what they call ecosystems. And an ecosystem is based on, based on this, based on what the hub is, okay, it's based on it's, it's self contained, one stop shop type environment. Yeah, okay, and I got the I bought all the books on it. I'm almost completed the first one. And this ecosystem is called right now, like a super app. Are you familiar with WeChat? You ever heard WeChat?

Speaker 2  2:10:04
Yeah, I think so. It is. I don't know. I'm thinking, I don't know which one I'm thinking of, but okay, that's out of China. It was the first Super I was thinking, WhatsApp, yeah, okay. WeChat is the Chinese, yeah, WhatsApp, okay. They

Speaker 1  2:10:17
call them super apps. I don't if you ever heard the term. So, and that's what this was, way before we chat over started. They just never had the name yet. That was a new coin phrase, so, but according to the future, that concept, that ecosystem, is the future for businesses. And they're saying, if you don't get on it, if you don't start working it, you won't exist. Now, PayPal is doing it. Stripe is doing it. EBay's doing it. You know, eBay tried to buy Pinterest that was part of that structuring of those ecosystems. They're all on this playing field. Okay, so the Super App concept in North America is not even here yet. Okay, they say it's still a couple years off. And there's a reason for it. There's a reason for it. I won't get into that because that's much time, but it's a they said it will be the first trillion dollar company, a ten trillion company, the first Super App in North America.

Speaker 2  2:11:26
What happens on a super app? It's not just a communication, okay?

Speaker 1  2:11:29
Super App is one app that does it all. So give you an example just

Speaker 2  2:11:34
what shopping, everything we WeChat most

Speaker 1  2:11:37
all the all the super apps are in Asia and stuff. Okay, Europe's got one starting. And what it is WeChat is a super is a one app that has a whole bunch of what they call MIDI apps. They have over 1 million apps within its app. So you do everything you want to do. You can get your DoorDash, your your, well, that's

Speaker 2  2:11:59
what you get when you don't allow competition. So that government creates a Super App.

Unknown Speaker  2:12:04
Okay, yes.

Speaker 1  2:12:06
Well, there's a whole dynamics. There's reason why there's not one here, then the dynamics that play and why there isn't one here. I've already got the can solve the problem solved. That's the cool part about it. Okay, all the reasons why they say North America won't have one until they get this and this, I'm already done. Okay,

Speaker 2  2:12:26
okay. Have the idea there's no adoption of one yet for the

Speaker 1  2:12:31
first Well, I had the platform, I had the program, the platform and the ecosystem. Okay, so,

Speaker 2  2:12:40
you know, the most important part of we have a lot, I feel, is that consumers have a lot of options, and asking them to download and use a new app is a huge ask in a world where people have so many options like, I think that's the that's the challenge here, right? Is getting people to change their behavior. Oh, if you want to eat, you don't go to Yelp, you don't go to Google, you go to your phone and you open up this app, or you go to your laptop Absolutely, you open up this app that that's like, that's where you really have to have something unique and that, that, that is what I think you have, is the messaging. But getting that message out there, it's gonna, it's gonna it's, it's, it's gonna take a lot, but, but changing people's behavior is the hardest thing in the world right now, because it's so easy to give consumers options that are cheap and easy and seamless.

Speaker 1  2:13:42
Has to be seamless. When you talk about having the app, it's so I think the average like people you normally use like six apps, seven apps, but they have hundreds on their phone, and they don't use them. So it's not just about, you know, having the app. It's about what's going to keep them engaged with the app. Okay? And that's why you have to have the constant reminder, first of all, your hyper localism, okay, something that matters to people more than other stuff. Okay? So make it relevant, whatever that may be on a local level. It could be a variety of different things. It could be it could be your high school. It could be your church that non profit, it needs to be

Unknown Speaker  2:14:31
native so you can do push notifications. Yes,

Speaker 1  2:14:36
that's why we have to have features that aren't available anywhere else, like the menus. When you know that's what you want, you know you can get menus here. Why am I gonna waste my time to go to app do the Yelp? Yelp is what I've done here. I think there's four or five menus in total in all the restaurants here, four or five.

Speaker 2  2:14:57
I feel like I get the menu most of the time. But again, that's a training process that you train consumers, because they may not have noticed that they there's no menu on Yelp. They just deal with it because Yelp is the, you know, it's what they've always used. So now you got to train them that you use this app, because every restaurant in our app has up to date menus, okay, or something like that.

Speaker 1  2:15:20
How many times do you that's where the rewards program comes in. Now, see, you want to know what the rewards are on this particular day or particular time the how many times do you guys use financial banking on your phone?

Speaker 2  2:15:40
That's the only thing. So see,

Speaker 1  2:15:44
that's another engagement aspect of the hub. See, the rewards program people is going to say, how many worse do I have accumulate, even though they're not going to spend it for another six months.

Speaker 2  2:15:53
You have to train them to spend money through the app before they can benefit from it, right? And so you're selling potential,

Speaker 3  2:16:01
okay? So, I mean, but then that's, I think one of the reasons why you do funding is you have to have,

Unknown Speaker  2:16:08
so you get critical mass,

Unknown Speaker  2:16:10
critical mass. I

Unknown Speaker  2:16:11
mean, the reason

Matthias Miller  2:16:12
you can't bootstrap it is because the path to critical mass, it's, again, the challenge of network effect is always critical mass. Yes, and the path to Critical Mass is expensive. Yes, we can get profitable within just off of restaurants and stuff like that. But to really get the data that really makes the major payoff, that makes it worth what you're looking at,

Speaker 2  2:16:30
yeah, I see a ton of value for this, I say a ton of value for the investors because of the data that that you're creating.

Speaker 3  2:16:40
I mean the whole data business off. You know, if you want to build a data business off the back of it, that whole thing can that alone. That alone is

Speaker 1  2:16:48
it is we will sell, not like the individual data, we will sell reports, you know, like a few minutes, for example, for example. So if you remember developers, I've already talked about developers already have my meetings. So developer has, he wants to build a shopping center over here, a big, big complex, okay, so I want to know what kind of traffic is or in this vicinity and all that. Okay? And if I'm going to be about this development, then I'm going to have all these shop, I mean, storefronts I need to fill. Okay, so who am I going to court right now? It's a it's a shotgun approach. They just court anybody and everybody, okay, but what if I could provide them with data in that vicinity, what shoppers are actually shopping, and what are they buying, and all their behavior and all this stuff, right? So now, as a developer, I go, wait, wait, wait, wait, a shoe store in this place, what's

Speaker 3  2:17:49
nice? What are they buying here? Where, who are the people here, who are driving 30 minutes or more, and what are they buying 30 minutes away as

Speaker 1  2:17:55
an example? And then we can so they will buy, they will pay for that data, that quantitative data. Okay, now when they open their shop up, they can use us to promote, promote the businesses in the market. So we have the shopping center developer putting in $50,000 a month to promote the entire center, not having to target individual businesses. I've dealt with the largest shopping center in Wichita, Kansas. On this I got a letter of endorsement. I got and they told me, they told me the problems, see. So again, I have insight from knowledgeable people. And so there's, there's so many ways. So let's say the WWE comes in every concert, every event. Do you know where the money's made and the merchandise, every single one of them, that's where the money's made. That's where the bands make the money on their T shirts and stuff. Now from the concert itself. Okay, so how do you know who's coming? Do you know every single person that comes to that gate, coming to that event? Scan my card, okay? Because why? At halftime or something, they're gonna give away a $5,000 TV set or something, so everybody's game, and they probably bought online already. We already know anyway, a lot of the state is already gonna be known before they because they bought the ticket off our site. But they come through there every single time, everything scam. Okay, so at the end of the event that WWE says, Okay, so we need to know, is it dads breaking the kids like baseball games. You know what the Texas Rangers found out a long time ago? You know who got the people into the seats, the moms, not the dads? They read. They shifted their entire marketing, okay, towards moms. Okay. So

Speaker 2  2:19:56
Dana said, do you think is is required to get an accurate forecast, for example, because you're not going to have 100% adoption. So like, if you had, what, if you had like, 1000 people, would that represent 100,000 Do you think

Speaker 3  2:20:18
seems small? What percentage do you need to have a

Speaker 2  2:20:24
adoption? No, so of all the people coming to the WWE concert, how many people would have to be using the card in order for that data to be valuable, okay, to represent a larger audience, or a pattern of,

Speaker 1  2:20:39
oh, well, if you go off of other things. So I'll give you example, WSU Wichita State University, I did a survey and and

Unknown Speaker  2:20:50
I mean, just curious. I don't know if it's super relevant. But

Speaker 1  2:20:52
they told me that my survey, I would only need to like 100 a couple 100 of these forms filled out okay to be plus or minus this or whatever it was. And I thought, but I had almost 1000

Unknown Speaker  2:21:06
Okay, okay. And

Speaker 1  2:21:09
that would be another example. What you would like to know, as far as me knowing knowing things the so you know, usually they're small samples, but if I Have a a 6000 arena, the remember the rewards card? I'm saying this, but it's not 100% accurate. The mostly going to be adults right now. They can't have it for kids. So they can track their kids that would the kids can only spend the money within the constraints of the participation of the program, and they can monitor, like I talked to, dare you familiar with that?

Speaker 2  2:21:59
Dare like the drugs against or the drug thing driving

Speaker 3  2:22:04
drug abuse, resistance, education, something

Unknown Speaker  2:22:09
rolled it out, or something. Yeah,

Speaker 1  2:22:11
so you're talking about organizations so that you want to be able to track your kids, okay, and give money without giving them cash that you can track and be safe. And if they lose it, they you lose your card. You can stop anyway. So

Speaker 2  2:22:25
real quick, how would I get a rewards card? Would I just have to sign up for a free account with the hub and then I get a rewards card? You can

Speaker 1  2:22:32
do that way, but remember, you're going to get it sent home from all your organizations you belong to, your school, your church, everybody's going to be promoting the card all in your community.

Speaker 2  2:22:39
You made it sound like, this is like a debit card that has balance exchanges, well, digitally, sure, but you still have to you. I mean, you'd have to tie into a whole, you know, this reward goes, Yeah, you get like, a whole infrastructure, yeah,

Speaker 1  2:22:56
at your church, infrastructure at the end of the sermon that you're going out. And the picture just told you to make sure that you frequent some of the members in the community, yeah, and in your in your new or whatever, they give you a piece of paper, and it tells you about the program. You can scan the QR code on there and and it comes up on your phone. And you just put your name and stop, and you're signed up. It's already activated. Okay, right. Then on the spot, it's activated. They're already pre activated. You just need to text your

Speaker 2  2:23:27
name to it's an app. It's not a physical card. No, no. That

Speaker 1  2:23:31
was, that was before I had this all designed and already technologically done through scanning machines like your credit card, way before Apple came out with other, yeah, okay, okay, so the so that's, that's all that's integrated. That's why this has got to be read, all written, redone, and so. So you got that your kids came home from school with papers you could get inundated in a month's time with 25 different reminders to sign up. Okay. You got a kid in middle school, elementary school and high school, your church, one or two organizations, if you're cheerleading or wrestling or baseball or football, you're getting everybody wants you to put them down as their nonprofit, okay? And

Speaker 2  2:24:31
that's right. So they get money as they do the nonprofit. Yeah, Littleton has something

Speaker 1  2:24:35
you're being, yeah, you're being incentivized by the things you care about the most. It goes back to that community and being relevant. It has to be relevant to you. These things are relevant. That's why sports

Speaker 2  2:24:48
Littleton has something like that, that it's a, it's a, I mean, I think it's a larger platform, but cities can sign up for it, and it's like, if you buy it, you get, you know, discounts or reward cash flow products. Yes, yeah. So now, so I mean in terms of proof of concept, I mean, I've seen it not nearly as involved as yours, but I've seen that

Speaker 1  2:25:14
there's a lot of those programs out there, and they're sold by radio stations or TV stations or the newspaper. Well, it

Speaker 2  2:25:20
was the local businesses promoting it. That was the part that I dialed into. Is I've been in multiple businesses where they decided to, Hey, are you on this app? Yeah. And it was in it, in it. But that that just like, as you were saying, that I remember that and kind of bridge that whole distribution it all that

Speaker 1  2:25:39
is is again, that goes back to, like, these simple things like this. It's just something that has get promoted, but it doesn't deliver any knowledge to that business owner who's using it?

Speaker 2  2:25:56
Are they repeat customers? Well, what you're also doing is you're borrowing all of these businesses databases by having them send out to their clients. Yeah, so the local restaurant and I hit my my database, and they sign up for the hub. Now the hub has that, yeah.

Speaker 3  2:26:15
I mean, you could have a debt for you service say, we'll draft an email campaign to all of your, you know, your MailChimp, your square list, whatever, however you communicate to get people. True?

Speaker 2  2:26:24
No, that's true again, okay, I wasn't even thinking of it that way. But if you offer to hit their later, their database with this offer and explain it to them, because I could see being a business owner. If you came in and said this to me as a business owner, I'd be like, okay, it sounds good, but there's a lot going on. I don't know what I would do with it. And you say, Oh, don't worry, we'll send out a promotion. If you're into this, we'll send out a promotion to your database and to our entire community of other people, because you're going to welcome a new business into the hub, right, right? So you're going to be promoting the new business. Okay,

Speaker 1  2:26:58
now, how about, how about, if we tied it into the Groupon concept, you promote the Groupon, yeah, okay, all right, because you

Speaker 3  2:27:08
buy overpriced coupons that you're never going to end up using or have weird stipulations. But yes, it's,

Speaker 2  2:27:13
yeah, it's the profits and the breakage scenario. That's all. It's gift card safety.

Speaker 1  2:27:17
When Groupon came out, the I'm guilty, you know, the power group on was what it was at the beginning. Did you know what happened after? You know, I already talked about it. But one year after Groupon got started, Google offered to buy it one year in December, for 6 billion cash. Okay, okay, Groupon turned it down. Why did they want to buy it? One reason only, it was because they had that. They had access to all those businesses locally. Remember, they've been trying to get into local, you said it earlier, okay, yeah. And they had access to all those consumers emails. So they had the two things that they need. Yeah, and that was worth $6 billion to come in. That was just a year old. Now, I hated you. I hated Groupon because I thought, because I already had my, you know, I knew my stuff. But I said, Okay, wait, I get a piece of paper because I did it Okay, and I'm gonna go show this to the business. They know nothing who I am. They know nothing about me except I had this ex dollar or this coupon. That's it. They know what day I brought in, I used it. They didn't know if I'm male, female, family, nothing but that that is stupid, that is stupid isn't going to last. Well, it didn't last. And then it started putting a little bit more stuff, but, but to your point, we can, you know, blend some of these things in to the reverse program with a with the incentive the offer, okay, so those are, those are just additional marketing means of engaging the consumer, but you're making extremely valid points, and you're I love them because it makes you hone in on a micro level

Speaker 2  2:29:39
as well. There's a lot of social proof and validation that are all disassociated with the whole picture that you're putting together. Yes, like we can point at individual aspects of this and say that's been successful over here, that's been successful over there, but nobody's done it. You're doing it, combining it all together, and then confining it to a local audience that is primarily driven through the magazines and the businesses and the community that participates. It's that

Speaker 1  2:30:10
conduit of touch points to that journey those people make.

Speaker 2  2:30:14
Okay, well, there's also a, there's also a, trying to think of what it's called. I forget what it's called right now, but in in I'm like, it's the it's, it's,

Speaker 1  2:30:28
I got just remember, my dog's been outside in the car, but I gave him water. I got my windows all open. I got the thing covered up so the sun came shot. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  2:30:35
oh yeah,

Unknown Speaker  2:30:36
I'm sorry. Okay, he's good. It's

Speaker 2  2:30:40
the panic there. There's no trust when you buy a group on but if the business that you're going to gives you a discount, like, there's already, there's already, there's already a transfer of trust. It's almost a referral, as opposed to cold Google traffic, right? Right? Because it's coming from the business. And so did you know we have this rewards program, like there's no loyalty, right? Comes with that, right? And that was the big problem with with Groupon, and why most businesses hate Groupon is because people don't know anything about the business. They're only there for the discount, and that one experience isn't enough for them to come back and spend more money. And so a lot of small businesses got screwed by Groupon because of that. But you're you've solved that

Speaker 1  2:31:25
Exactly, and that's what I think I left out too. You said it right there. There was no no drive to repeat business. There was no way to traffic. There was

Speaker 2  2:31:35
no relationship. There was relationship was built on a discount,

Speaker 1  2:31:39
right? And there was no way to know if that was the result of that. Causation was that they were coming back as a repeat customer. That was the number one downside. We got a

Speaker 3  2:31:49
group coming in here. We should figure out, I guess, where to from here as well. Just

Speaker 2  2:31:54
circle, circle back with me, my interest is peak, because of the fascinating conversation. Thank you so much for the invitation. No,

Speaker 1  2:32:01
I thoroughly signed it. The but you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai