Unknown Speaker  00:27
But the thing About that

Speaker 1  00:38
you that.

Unknown Speaker  00:49
Hello, Hey, Randy, Hello.

Matthias Miller  00:52
Happy Monday.

Unknown Speaker  00:53
Yeah, thank you. Same to you.

Matthias Miller  00:57
How was your event last week?

Speaker 2  00:58
It was awesome. Yeah, the first three days where we did lackaby, spiritual coaching, training. So I don't know if you're familiar with Richard Blackaby, and he wrote, experiencing God, Yep, yeah. So his son, Richard, came and taught about 100 of us, C, 12 chairs for three days on spiritual coaching, which was just fantastic. And then on Wednesday afternoon, we started our C 12 kind of conference. So, and it was, it was really good, powerful.

Matthias Miller  01:34
Thanks. That's for all all the C 12 members showing up. Or is it a regional, regional conference.

Speaker 2  01:41
This is a worldwide all the C 12 chairs from all over the world come in, and we do, twice a year, have a kind of a three day get together, training conference.

Unknown Speaker  01:52
Yeah, yeah. Cool. I love it good.

Matthias Miller  02:00
So I'm curious to hear your feedback on the event, the lunch that we put together, good, bad in between. Yeah, no,

Speaker 2  02:13
I thought it was great. I enjoyed I've got his I've got his book here. I haven't started reading it yet, because that was gone all last week. But yeah, I enjoyed Melvin. I thought he was great. I loved his I loved his testimony and kind of where the Lord's brought him. And obviously want to kind of dig into that and and explore more of what I think the Lord might have for me and all that, yeah, yeah. Cool

Matthias Miller  02:50
is, are these? So this is, this was a little bit of a spur of the moment. Let's see what happens here.

Unknown Speaker  02:57
Yeah, a

Matthias Miller  02:59
lot more interested in than what we were able to gather in a single room, mostly because of the time frame we didn't start, I didn't start promoting this until only a few weeks beforehand. These types of things. Well, I guess, I guess I have some questions, if you'd be open to it. Let me get your perspective a little bit on what I'm doing, but also don't want to, yeah, if you, if you'd be

Unknown Speaker  03:27
open to that 100% whatever you got.

Matthias Miller  03:32
All right, so I mean, just really briefly, my background, backgrounds in software engineering, did great, burned out, started a company with my brother, building building, custom software for small businesses. Have a private client who spent close to there, right around probably 800k into their project, build an end to end. ERP for them, they wanted full full customization, full control, everything from 3d visualization on the marketing side, you know, inventory management, logistics, like the latest project, which is probably a couple 100 grand, was accounting integration, accounting, accounting automation. So, so got a lot of background in that. That's kind of my history with that. Started going into business consulting. Also been working with SMBs, applying theory of constraints and and just systems thinking and star principle. Yep, haven't had a lot of not a lot of clients, a number of clients, but the last client wrapping up a first year engagement, I don't think we'll end up continuing, I'm not sure, but low seven figures, but we took them to number one market position across there's like four companies in our industry in that geography. If we took the number one position, I think we're gonna we're at about 25% growth over a prior year. First five months, we were up 50% because this we're going to the slow season. It looks like we'll be we're going strong into the slow season. So I think, I think there were some resource issues during the busy, busy season. So in addition to that, you know, there's the prophetic element and, like, like, you know, I've studied people and a Colby certified consultant. I'm fascinated by what makes people tick. So I'm, I'm the very, I'm a very typical, eclectic consultant type who,

Speaker 1  05:40
yeah, no, yes,

Matthias Miller  05:43
weird hybrid between second in command first in command, too visionary to be to be too visionary to be only a second unless, except perhaps in a high growth company, yeah, to two second to be completely first. I so I say all that as context, it's a little bit of who I am. A little over a month ago, probably six weeks ago, I went to I went to sleep, woke up about one or two hours later, and I couldn't sleep. There was just this really strong presence of the Holy Spirit. And this is probably not my proudest moment, but I've been tracking sleep. One of my health goals has been getting more sleep. And so I was just like, honestly, leave me alone. I haven't hit my sleep numbers, and I know that's like, I honestly, like, lay there for about two or three hours before I finally got up and I was like, Okay, God, what is it like? This is just not my proudest moment, perhaps, but and the first I felt it very clearly that him telling me to go into corporate and the folks I've been working with have been encouraging me to start working with CEOs. And there's a lot of the cognitive stuff I know what I one thing I didn't throw in there, but four of my top five strengths, finders, are all in the strategic category. So it's just how I show up, I mean, and so cognitively, I know that there's a lot of value that I have to contribute, but this is not a space that I've been leaning into. And if I had not had that experience, I probably would have dismissed the idea as, I don't know, just kind of a crazy idea. Yeah, I can't ignore it, so I'm leaning in and basically asking God what he has to do has has for me and and reaching out to people who might be able to share parts of the puzzle. So, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  08:05
tell, tell me again. Kind of what you heard,

Matthias Miller  08:08
yeah, what I felt specifically was, was to go into corporate. Okay, more specifically than that, I don't there was not really more, more specifics I had, I have felt like earlier the year, during encounter night with with one of the local churches we're praying about courage. And one of the things I felt like I heard was to to go after 25k consulting day. And that was the second thing that came to mind after I woke up. So first thing was corporate. Second thing was go after the 25k consulting day. And I understand there's, you know, there's the process of structuring that building, in the ROI building, in the sales pitch and credibility and all of that stuff to make that actually make sense. But those are the two things that I specifically felt like I heard, okay, that was too

Unknown Speaker  09:05
expensive, and that's

Speaker 2  09:08
any any other framework, or anything else like that you have kind of heard that fits in with that, I don't know. Just trying to get a clearer, bigger picture,

Matthias Miller  09:19
sure. So I have been the one thing that I have, okay, so in one of the small entrepreneur groups that I've been part of. So there was a season starting, really, in July, where I started leaning in. More specifically, I got to this point where it was clear that it was clear to me that it was time to start moving from the comfort of what I had been doing and really leaning into into what's next. And there's a lot of weeks there where it was just either spending time, just spending time with. With Jesus and Holy Spirit in my office, and just what is it for today? On one of those I I felt prompted to write an email to a group that I'm part of. It's a small business entrepreneur group, and in it sharing kind of my offer, offering a one day, a two hour and a 15 minute form, and what I kind of consider my unique ability trifecta. And this is a non Christian, not overtly Christian audience. So it was, it's combination of memos from the head office at what's God saying, plus, plus understanding your unique ability and how you text, and then combining that with the strategic component. And what it evolved into was, what are the thing? What are the resources that, almost invariably, the resources that are in people's paths, if they'll just have the eyes to see and recognize and start taking those steps in that direction. Yeah. Got really good feedback. There were a lot of kind of second in command types. For a number of second in command types you showed up, you were just like, I'm lost. I always build somebody else's vision. I don't know what's here for me. So that's a framework. You know, it's not like, I haven't put together other I put together another type of framework for myself. It wasn't necessarily this is more just like, obviously still a partnership. It doesn't not necessarily a download. This is just how I approach it. Of you know, I mean, it's as simple as as go find the 8020 opportunity, cut the cut the 8020 weight have have a deliberate focus on this opportunity, measure results, build in sustainability, and then rinse and repeat. And it's not rocket science, but it's just leaning into the to the things that work.

Speaker 1  12:11
So, yeah, yeah, that's good. Okay?

Speaker 2  12:23
I just keep I feel like I keep hearing like there's something in your testimony that the Lord wants to release in the middle of all this. What is that I

Matthias Miller  12:55
so a huge part of my what is it all

Matthias Miller  13:14
right? Well, I'm going to start spewing out some stuff, and we'll see. We'll see what sticks. I don't know that I'm getting anything, just specific, but a big part of my journey has been around

Matthias Miller  13:31
standing up to religious dogma. Okay, so much so I actually got fired from the only time I got fired was not in a work setting. It was in a church setting, over a you have to hold this doctrine. And at that point I was it was just a matter of question marks and and so I got the pink slip, and you can't be here. But even more than that, there's been so there's been that I There have been over the last number of years, I've come to realize, I came to realize, through very difficult process, that business partnership with my brother wasn't aligned, and it wasn't really, it wasn't working for me, yep. And kind of, as the is a very typical second, well, I mean, it's, it's, it's common. I think for high achievers, you can just, I can just push through this, like, I can suck it up. We can make it work. Like, like, any, let's do anything we need to to make it happen. Yep. And I really had to come to grips with that. And kind of those two events really forced me, or didn't force me, were the turning point for me to start going inside and saying, hey, it's time to start getting whole on the inside. Yeah. What does it look like to lean into emotions? What does it look like to. Walk with God, not from a not even from God as CEO, but I talked about this a little bit union with Christ, just walking with Him in relationship and connection with him, yep. And then with that too. It's also just leaning into boldness and letting go of a lot of the a big piece of this, a substantial piece of this. It's actually breaking down a lot of idols. So I'm going to make decisions based on finance, idol of money. I'm going to make decisions based on partnership, you know, idol of fear, man, I love other folks. I'm going to make decisions based strictly on what my wife says. And I understand this is like crazy territory, like it's, it's scary territory for a lot of folks to get into, because there's a line to walk. It's, we're not looking to be spiritually abusive because a lot of people, God told me so that we can run over people, yeah, but, but walking that line and laying down different idols until it's like, you know, even my own discomfort, my fear what I want to do don't want to do. And I understand he's, he's, he's good. There's a lot in it that I want to do. There's also discomfort in the process, yeah, and leaning into that. So, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  16:18
yeah, yeah, that's good,

Speaker 2  16:22
yeah, I feel like there's something about just authenticity. Like you're really, you're really, you really want that seems really key for you. And

Speaker 2  16:39
then another thing is like, and I think this is for me as well. Just sometimes the Lord ask us to do something, and sometimes it's a sometimes we think in our mind, it's like a yes or a no, you know, and we don't really want to say no, so we say yes, but we don't know if we can do it. And I feel like the Lord, there's a permission to say for a submissive No, like, I don't know how to do, it's a no right now, because I'm scared, and I need you to reveal yourself more to me, to get me over the hump of where I'm at and why I just don't think I can do it, and why I don't have the faith, or whatever, you know what I'm saying.

Unknown Speaker  17:28
Yeah, yeah. So, yeah. Anyway, that's good. You can work with that. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  17:44
yeah. And keep going. Keep going.

Unknown Speaker  17:48
I mean, to the

Matthias Miller  17:50
point of authenticity. One of the things I'm constantly paying attention to is is around, even in my conversations, I've been calling them sanctuary sessions, but in these conversations has been, there's this thing that you think you should be doing, but it's not you, and if you're willing to, I mean, it's almost like a stance, almost, you know, let's that's not serving you. So let's figure out, let's figure out what it really is and needs to look like, yeah, and how this can fit into the world that you've built around you.

Unknown Speaker  18:28
Yeah,

Speaker 2  18:31
tell me that you said sanctuary sessions or something like that. Yeah. Was that? Is that with CEOs, just anybody, or

Matthias Miller  18:39
this has been with anybody. It's not been specifically with CEOs. And this was the kind of, you know, let's, let's, let's hear God, let's see what's in your heart, and let's see how this fits into the world around you. It's that kind of trifecta,

Unknown Speaker  18:55
yeah, that I was talking about, yeah, okay, okay,

Speaker 2  19:00
yeah, yeah, that makes sense. And there's a, it just kind of popped in my head. There's another,

Unknown Speaker  19:08
the guys that both that wrote the boundaries book. There were two of them. Do you remember who they are,

Matthias Miller  19:14
Townsend and Townsend? Yep,

Speaker 2  19:19
yes, Townsend is the guy I'm thinking about. Have you ever looked into this? There's a ministry that he has. It's for business guys. Have you looked into that ministry?

Matthias Miller  19:26
I haven't.

Speaker 2  19:29
I have a friend who's in it, who does it anyway. Can you make a note of that? And I'll I'm going to make a note too. I'm going to send that to you. Yep,

Unknown Speaker  19:49
okay,

Matthias Miller  19:57
you know, maybe I'm just over complicating this. I. Yeah. Maybe I just, I mean, I think the whole thing this, this has been like, right? Like, these sanctuary things, where there's two hours a day, it depends on the person. The one day can be really intense, yeah, but on the two hour days with folks, we've we've blocked out two hours 90 minutes in, it's like we've nailed it. Yeah? We came to look for Yeah. And it's either wrap up, early, bonus time, chat, whatever like and, and there's, I live for this, even with the one day, it's one days more intense, but feeling the emotional and spiritual shift that like this, has always been the thing that's driven driven me feeling that emotional shift from anxiety, just whatever it is that's going on, the pressures and being able to feel that shift into a place of peace and trust and presence. Yeah, so I struggle finding language to just I feel like I struggle language finding them to describe it, but I don't know if that's

Speaker 2  21:17
to describe it to people use to

Unknown Speaker  21:22
Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 2  21:28
Like, to to, you don't want them, you don't want them to be freaked out, or, like, have some you don't want to over spiritualize it. But obviously it's super spiritual getting into that,

Unknown Speaker  21:40
right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I'm, yeah,

Matthias Miller  21:49
you know Melvin's approach has, is very much going all in, like, You got to love Jesus, speak on hope for Jesus. Like, that's the that's the premise, or you don't I'm obviously very clear where I'm at with with him, but I'm very open to, I mean, I've done sessions with agnostics and with folks who are very different, very different way he is. And I'm very open to doing that, yeah, to me, to me, it's, it's just bringing the kingdom, kingdom to them, yeah, and giving them an opportunity to taste totally, totally. And so I lean more towards terminology like union with truth, spoken, truth, inner knowing. That's some of the language that I've been using around serious stuff.

Speaker 2  22:49
Yeah, yeah. I love that. Have you tried to get into chat GPT and and have it give you some language?

Matthias Miller  23:00
I'm not it's worth doing that. Okay, from your perspective, maybe this is the biggest thing I'll do a really, really quick story, but I had chat GPT analyze a bunch of emails when I was responding to folks in the forum, asked how I responded. It was always strategic in nature. Asked the problem that I solved. It's always how do you get more leads? Because there's a lot of marketing stuff in there. I think maybe the biggest gap is I see what this is and what it can do, but I don't really have the language from, let's say I'm taking this to two CEOs. I don't look at the language from their end to say, what problem is this really solving for me? And that's maybe where I feel the gap that could be as people,

Speaker 2  24:03
yeah, say, yes, you're trying to, you're trying to figure out what problem you're solving for them, the language like how to, how to hook them, or how to, how to, how to resonate with them. Of why, why is this valuable? But, yeah, yeah. And

Speaker 2  24:30
that's been the biggest thing. What's the value proposition? How you know what it is? If I can get you in a room for a couple hours, we're gonna make we're gonna have some amazing headway. We I just don't know how to I don't, I don't know what your language is. The CEO's language of why I should spend two hours with you and figure and do this. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  24:48
right, yeah, that's right.

Unknown Speaker  24:56
Yep.

Speaker 2  24:59
I think you're. Strength. You're going to have to leverage relation. I think you're going to have to leverage relationships, you know, and you need to, I don't know how, how you need to work on your testimony, your story, where you've been burnout, all of that, and how this is, you probably already do that, but just how it's how what you've come up with is out of where you've been and and you think it's going to help, you think it'll really help people. And you think it's just for CEOs or any C suite, or

Matthias Miller  25:44
open any any C suite, it's really easier to focus. Mean, you know, I played around CEO versus CEO. CEOs are easier to reach than CEOs, based on data that I've seen, but CEOs are also underserved. So, you know, I'm thinking more as for the sake of outreach, focusing on CEOs, yeah, but not necessarily, you know, at some point, expansion, and certainly not excluding other folks to other C suite would want this,

Unknown Speaker  26:20
yeah, yeah, yeah. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  26:29
So go ahead.

Matthias Miller  26:32
I mean, this is a lot about me, and I know that. I don't know, I don't know how much time you've got. I would love to hear is, if there's anything I can

Unknown Speaker  26:44
do, do for you what you're doing, um,

Speaker 2  26:48
I'm sure there is. I'm enjoying diving into you at the moment, though.

Matthias Miller  26:52
Okay, okay, I don't want, like, if that's the flow, let's go with the flow, and let's have a have a follow up conversation.

Unknown Speaker  26:59
Yeah, we let's have a follow up. Yeah, step.

Matthias Miller  27:11
I think, I think I think so. Do you have a hard stop at the top of the hour.

Unknown Speaker  27:21
No, okay.

Matthias Miller  27:29
You know, I put a lot of my story together in written form, relationship and in person does seem to be my my MO, I mean, virtual is great, but

Speaker 2  27:47
what do you mean? Why is it not your MO, like, what have you what does that mean?

Matthias Miller  27:53
Sorry, sorry. What I mean is, no, it is, it is my MO, so, and one of the things I've been playing around with is just strictly focusing on on find folks active on LinkedIn in my area, here in Colorado, and start in see if I can get them to a lunch together to share my story there networking plus story. And it would take some I simply haven't crafted out the full plan for that. Yeah, and I'm assuming there, it's like a, probably it's an after the event. It's hanging out with them, getting into them after the event, shooting a message, saying, hey, let's let's connect. Love to hear your feedback. Let's see if there's, there's, there's any way I can be of value to you, something along those lines, yeah, and and then just have that conversation. Once I'm in that conversation, it happens also blessing the curse this. This is kind of the consultant side of me. It's, it's almost easier for me to negotiate a complex deal than it is to just find the line and just go buy this package.

Unknown Speaker  29:14
Yes,

Matthias Miller  29:16
sorry. Like, okay. Like,

Unknown Speaker  29:19
let's what, what

Unknown Speaker  29:21
were you in

Matthias Miller  29:25
Canyon City? So I'm in our Southwest of Colorado Springs.

Unknown Speaker  29:28
Okay, Canyon City, okay, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  29:40
okay,

Unknown Speaker  29:45
so tell me more about the

Speaker 2  29:52
you said networking, you said sharing your story, maybe at follow up conversations after that.

Unknown Speaker  29:59
Correct. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  30:02
and and follow up conversations. Who else should do you know that I should know, being intentional, asking for, asking to grow, grow my network, yeah, yeah. And once people raise their hands, we can, we can start doing monthly, bi monthly, I don't know kind of events and,

Unknown Speaker  30:27
yeah, I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  30:38
Have you? Have you thought about

Speaker 2  30:46
the reason I brought up the Townsend thing, and it's sort of like what I did with C 12, like had all these words about going into the marketplace, going after the influencers, all of that, but but not an but, but not enough. I didn't have enough of my own to to. I'm like my Colby strengths are, simplify, adapt, innovate, restore. You know, that's kind of my Yeah. So so I didn't, I don't have enough to write this whole program and all of that. So C 12, for me, was really good, because it's like, okay, I'm, I'm pigging, backing off of their credibility to get in front of the CEOs. And I love their material. It's amazing. And then it enables me to use my superpowers as well. And it just complements really well, you know. So anyway, I'm just throwing that out there for you. Maybe there's no maybe there's something like that, like this Townsend stuff. I don't know if C 12, but an Eos, a, something that that, something like that. Any thoughts on that?

Matthias Miller  32:13
No, I think that makes a lot of sense. I got this Colby certification, first of all, for personal interest, probably, probably more than anything else, but, but have consistently been encouraged to lean into that, because it's a great way to build credibility and open doors. But one of the things that I'm realizing is that, as you're talking is that I'm really not that passionate about Colby. I mean, it's great. It's helped me. I understand how it can help people, but looking for an aligned, a more aligned credibility piece, I think would could really help to give bring some momentum.

Unknown Speaker  33:01
Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  33:11
Counseling is leaning more into the whatever part it is, emotional intelligence, soft skills,

Speaker 2  33:24
Townsend, well, only reason I brought up Townsend, Townsend is going is, is for executives C suite. There's a part of your past that you're not dealing with, and let's help you with that, because you're kind of probably stuck in that you're close to burnout, whatever. So Townsend is going deep spiritually. You're in a group for a year, you pay a certain amount of money, and you read, you know, you you know. So that's sort of, that's high level Townsend. I have a, I have a friend named Scott, who's a Townsend guy here. I've sent some CEOs to him, and it's, it's for those guys that really need some kind of inner healing and have not gotten in touch. Scott was a compliance officer for a, you know, big company, and just got burned out and had father issues, Mother wounds, all the stuff. And it's like, let's, you know, let's deal with that stuff. So I don't know if that's where you are, I don't know if that's where you want to go down, but I just, I that's, I feel like there's some connect, there's some, there's some, there's some organization that might help, might help you grow, right?

Unknown Speaker  34:42
Yes,

Matthias Miller  34:45
so, I mean, this is another great chat GBT stuff, thing I can throw a whole bunch of stuff at, at it, yeah, and say, what are some organizations focused on, on helping executives that were where these elements are? Their focus of what they provide,

Unknown Speaker  35:01
yep, and that can maybe

Matthias Miller  35:05
yeah, and Townsend might be one of those, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  35:08
it might be.

Speaker 2  35:12
And I would, and this is just me, but I, I feel like the kingdom, the kingdom is spread. God's Kingdom is spread through relationships.

Unknown Speaker  35:29
And

Speaker 2  35:35
lean into that as well. We've, we've we've rarely go into something that that is our calling, that God hasn't already put someone in our life, or there's something there where there's a connection, you know, like, so I would say use that as sort of a tuning fork of do, what do I have? Is there connection? Do I note? You know what I'm saying?

Unknown Speaker  36:06
Yeah, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  36:15
that's good. Appreciate this. Yeah,

Speaker 2  36:21
absolutely anything else you're thinking about. Or how are you doing? Like, financially, are you needing to get something like, what's your What does all that look like

Matthias Miller  36:32
financially? I've got a bit of a burn so I'm I've got a My, my year long engagement is wrapping up. I'm looking at spinning up a mastermind specifically in the shed industry, because that's where a lot of these companies have been to, small backyard industry. Probably what'll end up, what I would end up doing. I mean, it's a pretty easy, I think it's a pretty easy sales pitch. I've got a bunch of experience, and honestly, most of these guys really don't know what they're doing, and in hoping to get probably not a super high ticket engagement, but get getting maybe two or three, two or three groups up and running, yeah, get a solid baseline. Get some time, time freedom. I've got a I've got a guy who's really good at cold outreach and prospecting, who's who's really solid. And I think this is close enough. This is probably the closest thing to shooting fish in a barrel with with some scalability, yeah, in time leverage. So that's what I've got to call with him on Thursday. Okay, that's what I'm leaning into. Is that my passion in life calling, nope, but, you know, this is kind of engaging the two sides of my brain, but it's totally very clear, analytical side of my brain, like, what's the best? Like, this fits all the bills, checks all the boxes, fits the bills. So, yeah, that's what I'm planning to lean into through short term bridge building. And there's still, I've still got some consulting projects going on, but yeah, I'm really wanting to free up time as well. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  38:25
you know. So, yeah, yeah,

Speaker 2  38:29
when you say you want to free up time, what does that? What does that look like? Do you feel like you're working too much, or you're just wanting what does that look like?

Matthias Miller  38:42
If feel like, I feel like building out this executive thing, whatever it is, I want to be able to do that. When I say, free up time, it's really, it's really not even as much working less. It's maybe working a little bit less, but it's especially creating headspace reading, creating more time to to think and pray and be but it's also, it's also creating time to lean into building this thing out. Yeah,

Speaker 2  39:18
yeah. So, yeah, yeah, yeah. I love that. That's so good and so important, I think, where you're where you're going, and just a core value,

Unknown Speaker  39:32
yeah, yeah,

Speaker 2  39:34
you don't, you don't want to build it. You don't want anything that doesn't involve that, you know, yeah, you don't want to go back to the old ways, not go back to not going back to

Matthias Miller  39:48
ego back, going back.

Unknown Speaker  39:51
Yeah, yeah, that's good, yeah. So,

Speaker 2  39:59
um. Can we can we just pray? Can we pray real quick?

Unknown Speaker  40:02
Yeah, I

Unknown Speaker  40:03
would love that. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  40:06
Oh, thank you, Jesus, Lord, thank You for Matthias and this season of transition and that you've got him in

Speaker 2  40:23
he's, he's literally like a dog on the hunt trying to figure out the scent of heaven and where you're leading him. And so,

Unknown Speaker  40:40
Lord, thank you.

Speaker 2  40:43
Just pray that any any voices that are not of you, any distractions that are not of you, that he would he would be able to recognize so clearly, just you.

Speaker 2  41:05
Yeah, I'm just just no distractions and clarity of mind, clarity of focus, and literally, like when Jesus said to pray, his kingdom come, His will be done on earth as it is in heaven. Just thank you for His Kingdom purpose, what you've called him to do what makes his heart sing and and how he can hit that chord, and other people to help them for what you're walking him through. And I know it's not a finished journey, but, but he definitely has a story and and a journey that you've called him to walk on and so I'm just praying for divine appointments.

Unknown Speaker  41:51
Thank you, Father. You

Matthias Miller  42:05
the other things for things for allowing Randy and my paths to cross. And

Matthias Miller  42:20
it was, it was evident before, a bit clearer now that you've gifted him, you've you've put him in place as a as a pastor in this space.

Matthias Miller  42:42
I I'm I'm praying this for me, but also also for my for my friend that we that

Matthias Miller  42:59
choosing not, not to carry the weight of what you've called me to but allowed you to carry that.

Matthias Miller  43:13
And trusting you, you've put resources around me. God give us eyes to see, yeah, ears to hear, hearts understand. So yeah, just, thank you. I just, I ask you right now to bless, bless Randy, first of all, with the biggest, biggest gift that we could ever possibly ask for, hope, for imagining, but just continue taking him deeper in the knowledge of you, of the depth, breadth, height of your love that you've got, just continually deeper, deeper awareness of your presence around him. Thank you, father. Thank Yeah, just pray for your perfect peace to settle on what he does, the rooms that he's in and his family was with people close to him. So we're we're grateful. For you, for what you've done, for what you've made possible,

Unknown Speaker  44:27
and we love you. Jesus, amen. It's good.

Speaker 2  44:42
I just, I feel like, I feel like there's some really deep, deeper places that the Lord wants to take you.

Speaker 2  45:03
One of the one of the things when we were going through the the Blackaby spiritual coaching, which I recommend that book highly, like for consultants, coaches, anybody, it's powerful because you know it, it just helps you ask really good questions, which I'm not great at. I want to be so much better at. But, you know, there were we. There were 100 of us chairs in there taking this coaching and, you know, learning from it. And the typical CEO chair is like an engineer, problem solver, you know. And the coaching thing is like, take your consultant hat off. They're not, they're not paying you to be a consultant. Well, there we're multifaceted, but so anyway, a lot of the questions came up was, what if they just want me to help them find a new CRM or find this or find that? And what they were trying to get all of us to see, is every problem someone brings up to you is is probably has its roots in something personal that the Holy Spirit's trying to deal with. So instead of just going right to the problem, dig a little deeper, ask a few more questions and figure out where else is this showing up in their life, and how else does God want to work in this, you know? So anyway, it's just powerful. And I feel like you carry this, you're, you're a truth seeker, and you're trying to get to the root of things, you know, but you've gotten, you've almost gotten too good at AT AT AT trimming the the bad fruit and God's calling you to get to the root, you know, yeah, and so, but that's scary. You don't have as much history there, but I don't think you're going to be satisfied until you are digging things out of the ground that people can't see. You know,

Matthias Miller  47:07
you're right.

Unknown Speaker  47:12
So

Speaker 2  47:15
I feel like there's a little bit more of a journey for you to go on and getting comfortable with the with the root, with the root, and not the fruit, yes, because that's what God's done for you, and that's what people really want, And that's what they'll pay for.

Speaker 1  47:34
Yep. All right, wow. That's good, man,

Unknown Speaker  47:50
yeah,

Speaker 2  48:00
yeah, I think the Lord's just getting you comfortable with your weaknesses, you know, and and leaning into that, that's where he's strong. And I think you're just finding your new you're finding your you're finding your balance, your new equal, your new equilibrium, you know. And I don't know if the other thing is a distraction. Whatever the other stuff is, is a distraction, I don't know, but I would, I would just be real sensitive to the Lord and your wife and whoever else is a voice in your life. Of it's so easy to get distracted and waste time, you know? I

Speaker 2  48:44
uh, Bill Johnson. I don't know if you know who Bill Johnson is with Bethel Church. You know he, he one of he has a saying. He says, You know, I can't afford to have a thought in my mind that didn't originate from heaven. And so just feel like I want to say that to you as well. You can't afford to do something in your life that didn't originate from heaven, you know. So just be very, very curious where things come from and why you want to do things, and if they're if they're God, and if they're not, so

Unknown Speaker  49:22
that's good.

Unknown Speaker  49:27
Anything else you're thinking as I was chatting, that was talking, I

Unknown Speaker  49:47
Are you a verbal processor or

Matthias Miller  49:52
no, I'm a verbal processor. But sometimes I like to have formulated thoughts before articulate them. I mean, a lot of what you're saying is. Just like, with getting to the root, a lot of what you're saying is exactly what I've told other people too. So okay, in different in different ways, like, the most direct path is always like, like, we often divert from the most direct path because we have fear. Yeah, and if I were to really lean in and, and,

Matthias Miller  50:35
you know, there's some talk about getting to the root, there's probably that there is imposter syndrome, which is often a sign that you're more equipped than what you think you are, to actually get to the root issue.

Matthias Miller  50:54
And so I think there's a bit of just leaning into fear and the discomfort and asking Holy Spirit that looks like looks like I have to think the same thing too about the mastermind I feel like in the shed, shed space.

Matthias Miller  51:20
You know, God sometimes does build bridges, but, but on the flip side, what if? What if he has already prepared an equipped me for this? What he's what he's calling me to? I love Chesterton. GK, Chesterton's writings, especially, one of my favorites is the man who's Thursday, and there's a lot about how my interaction with God, where it's it's a lot of you're gonna go follow this trail, and it's not going to make sense, but I'm picking you somewhere.

Unknown Speaker  51:57
So the

Matthias Miller  52:00
the the dog and the hunt analogy that's used, yeah,

Speaker 2  52:04
yeah. I'm not saying the mastermind is not I'm just saying, just be sure it sounds like, yeah, just be curious and where it's going to take you, and you might be going down that thing, and then the trail changes, you know,

Matthias Miller  52:21
right, right, not to get too tied to it if I do go down that route as well.

Unknown Speaker  52:29
Yeah, it's good. That's good. Cool.

Matthias Miller  52:42
Well, I really, I really appreciate the questions you're asking the I've had to make substantial shifts over the last number of years to just realizing I can't, I can't get advice from people who don't hear from God. I love other people dearly, but that's it's back to your brother, Johnson, Johnson quote, so I really, I really appreciate your your listening ear to him as you're sharing, sharing here. And I'll, I'll, I'll pray into some of this stuff and explore with him. Yes,

Speaker 2  53:23
good. I think you recorded the call, so that's good.

Matthias Miller  53:26
I did. Yes, yeah, yeah, awesome,

Speaker 2  53:30
yeah, man, I'll be praying if I get anything else, if I get anything else, I'll let you know I definitely love the prophetic, and love leaning into that, and it's probably one of my strengths that I've built over the years of just trying to hear his voice for myself and other people. And so,

Unknown Speaker  53:57
yeah, it's my favorite gift. Awesome.

Unknown Speaker  54:04
It's good. Cool, yeah,

Speaker 2  54:10
let me know if I can help. If you need any introductions to anyone, if you, if you want to look into the Townsend thing, I've got a guy here locally in Dallas who is a Townsend who does the towns and stuff, if you want that intro and yeah, any anything else I can help with? Okay,

Matthias Miller  54:29
sounds good. Let me, let me. Yeah, before making I'll let you know. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  54:42
awesome. And

Matthias Miller  54:43
thanks. Vice versa, if you want, if you want, a conversation, exploring more what you're up to and what you're doing that's useful or beneficial. Happy to,

Unknown Speaker  54:53
happy to do that. Okay, thank you so much. Yeah. Cool, awesome. We'll

Speaker 2  55:02
be in touch. Okay, sounds good. And have a good rest of your Monday. All

Matthias Miller  55:06
right, thanks, Randy. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai