Unknown Speaker  01:00
Hey, can you hear me your? Yep,

Matthias Miller  01:05
I can hear you. Can you hear me?

Speaker 1  01:07
I can hear you. All right, I ended up. Basically I'm outside in the middle of something on my phone. But let's, let's talk for a few minutes, at least please. Yep. So I believe where we left. If you have something else in mind interrupt me. But I believe where we left off yesterday was, um, I had broached the idea that there was more good possibilities with the lead recovery system. For Kelly. And like, I think we got right there. And you had you had thought that you had to go?

Matthias Miller  01:44
Well, I think

Matthias Miller  01:55
don't know exactly where to start? I think a few things to frame expectations. First of all, this is not coaching or SAS with, you know, 80% profit margins. Yeah. So I think the economics are going to be different than some other offers. Right now. It's going to be the way I would actually frame this is from the perspective of scalability. And so if there is a map by which we could, okay, let me let me answer one other thing. There's a guy in the industry in Montana somewhere, who's ties into high level and does appointment setting. And if we could have a here's the benchmark, if we could have a process by which the new leads coming in, get get connected with AI. And there's some issues with that, such as the AI bot probably has to have a name. That's not Dave and not Dwayne and not Cody.

Speaker 1  03:16
That's hilarious. That's whereby that's the way it was, by the way, and it would have worked better if we left it that way. But I customized it to have the Dave and Dwayne split. I'd be very happy to undo that. Got it.

Matthias Miller  03:29
Well, it's it's problematic because somebody was like, Yeah, Dwayne, I knew it, wasn't you? Because it didn't sound like you?

Speaker 1  03:35
It happens. Yeah. Then I realized we don't have a lot of time to talk about it. But at the end of it, there is a million potential hang ups and problems. In fact, the guy that I've learned is from has taken to sort of a lightly rebuking his students to the tune of Are you here to find problems? Or are you here to win? Because like, if you want to nitpick, yeah, there's there's, there's, you can't win. You can't actually replace the human with a computer in the long run. But what this is supposed to give us is a little extra profit. That simply wouldn't have happened otherwise, and a big chunk of automated

Matthias Miller  04:22
Alright, so let me walk you through what? Yeah, it does. But I don't think this is a profit play. I think this is a long term appointment setting play, which nobody in the industry is doing. And the fact that we simply implemented a really strong outbound strategy, thanks to Robert. Got that was that was 60% of getting our closed rates up to 10%. You just like, tell it like debt collector calling them. So if so here's the current process. lead comes in. There's there's what we call an appointment setting phase, but I call it an appointment setting phase, which is currently done. We're switching to the Delaware power dialer, to make it easier on the salespeople. But if some of the salespeople, once contact is made, we consider that a qualified lead. And that's when marketing has done its job. And that's when the sales job starts. So if we can, if we can have a bot, that works from the time they fill it in, get them on an email sequence, starts sending in text messages, and gets them to an appointment, or a sign of life that the salesperson can respond to at and then I don't know who you're with what the standard should be, but ideally, at the same or higher rate than the salespeople are able to do it now. And yes, I know I'm asking for the moon. But why not? Then we have a winner because I think we can probably two to three, I think we can probably to x, how much do you sit, the same sales guys can sell?

Speaker 1  06:18
Well, the other thing, so I agree, very loosely. So replacing a human with a robot, again, that's going to be a performance drop. But I can't really, I don't see why anybody would look at that any differently, or placing a good human, a good human with a robot is going to see your performance drop, but at the same time, it's going to free that human up, somebody somehow is paying for that human time, right? And so they get that time back to do something else. But that's one side of the coin. The other side of the coin is if it's a robot, which works 24/7 never needs a vacation or a day off not even holidays or Sundays that robot has the ability to scale massively which in the real world without the robot would mean more people more hours on the phone and possibly more salaries to pay if we're talking about a lot of scale now I'm not trying to imply that Cody is scaling to the moon but even for a small business that bit right there should be worth something

Matthias Miller  07:24
Well, I think lead response type so but what I'm looking for I'm I'm playing the somewhat anal sales guy here but you're playing what I'm going for is not devil's advocate There you go, it's a good term better than mine. The the what I'm looking for is not long term scaling wins I'm looking for where is the undeniable short term payoff so I also think we can increase our if we have a dialed in appointment setting process that works consistently. And it's always following the process. That should give us a boost in performance. Second of all, if we can shorten our lead response times that's also been proven to increase.

Speaker 1  08:40
Yes, absolutely. And that will happen well, we'll set a timer and we'll figure out what it needs to be five minutes two and a half minutes 10 minutes whatever you want

Matthias Miller  08:54
so I think but but note that my pitch is not finding free money sir it's entirely free at the sales people's time so that they can scale and but here's the other pitch it let's go by. I don't care what they are. Go buy dollar leads now. Go get them go get $10,001 leads or 20 cent leads I don't care what when those leads from I don't know yet. Okay. I mean, we've got a guy who's promising promising us $2 leads off of Facebook. We'll see if he can deliver he's he's down to seven. So he's got five more to go now. They're not nearly as high quality as Google based on the numbers they've run but proportionately they're not They're not the 20x better than Google that they would need to be.

Unknown Speaker  10:12
But

Matthias Miller  10:18
but it still gives us an avenue for buying cheap leads, and finding ways to prequalify them.

Speaker 1  10:30
Okay. The other short term win is that they have another 4000 addresses I can run numbers is what I meant to say.

Matthias Miller  10:43
from way back,

Unknown Speaker  10:46
that's what they told me yes. Okay. So they're actually, that should literally be some more low hanging fruit money.

Speaker 1  11:00
Yep. I do realize that not everybody was happy with the experience last time around. But we can customize that. We can get Dave and Dwayne access to the conversations, which is part of what they asked for before they just asked for it at the end of the cycle instead of the beginning. Right, we can make this better. It's what I'm trying to say.

Matthias Miller  11:25
Can you can you push those automatically into HubSpot?

Speaker 1  11:30
I have no idea if somebody will actually play ball with me. I'll be very happy to sit down and dry. But I don't have a HubSpot account and someone's gonna have to at least give me access.

Matthias Miller  11:42
Can you can you integrate with make? Yes,

Speaker 1  11:45
make zap you're currently using Zapier already makes us fine. And as soon as possible. Yes, yes to all.

Matthias Miller  11:55
So it seems like theoretically, at least somehow, it would be possible to put this chat history once a lead gets activated, that we can take take the previous chat history and push it into the into the HubSpot contact.

Speaker 1  12:15
Perhaps, yeah, I'm gonna have to play hardball a little bit. They actually it was not good that they refuse to give me access before this time, either a they've got to give me the access I'm asking for by the way, this is this is the classic asking the doctor to work on you but not letting him use his tools or looking at you like this just needs to stop, they need to actually like me and play ball. Or better yet, as far as wrapping up the final list of 4000 It'd be a whole lot better if we could just plug Dave and Dwayne right into my system. So they can see everything natively the way it's happening. That includes their calendar. I can synchronize their calendar to Google Apple or Microsoft.

Matthias Miller  13:07
I can understand why it's better for you. Why is it better for them?

Speaker 1  13:12
Why is it better for them, they're gonna see it as is and be able to engage and jump in and text that same person back and looking like they're continuing the same conversation manually if they need to. Which if they shift everything to their own system, they're going to confuse the end user by changing phone numbers. That's not the end of the world. By the way. It's just not efficient.

Matthias Miller  13:36
Yeah, but I really disliked that from my perspective, because it's not tied into HubSpot. We we have historical events on the on the lead that aren't getting tracked. And the rest of the team. I mean, I don't like

Speaker 1  13:55
it kind of hear you. But let's be real clear. If what's not in HubSpot, because as far as the users know this all starts with a phone number texting them. And that phone number is tied to my system. And I can't move my system and my phone number to HubSpot. So the journey starts on my system either way. So then the question is what is in their HubSpot that they want because it we can't move everything into their HubSpot. That's how that works.

Matthias Miller  14:24
Well in a conventional appointment setting scenario, you've got Mary calling these people and saying hey, I would like to put you in touch with Dave. Yep. And I'm Dave secretary. And he asked me to ask a few questions, blah, blah, blah.

Speaker 1  14:44
That's exactly what I like about that work, by the way. Yes, that what you just described is exactly how this was meant to work.

Matthias Miller  14:54
So as long as Dave and Dwayne think of themselves as logging into me Arrays account. That's fine. As a sales manager. I want to see I want to see all of Johnny's conversation under his HubSpot profile. Okay, and I don't care if that happens. And ideally, this is I know, I'm asking for the moon, I might be ridiculous. But what that lets me do then. Well, yeah, it lets me know that that this was set and how it was set. And it gives them the context for then they don't have to leave HubSpot. And they know exactly what quote Mary was telling them and what they told Mary, and they can get caught up on it.

Speaker 1  15:55
Okay, so there's a range of options here. I'm being forced to play Mr. Flexible and accommodating, which I don't. How do I say this? Okay, I haven't done every single thing you've asked for to a tee in order to be able to say, with an ironclad promise, yes, I can absolutely do each of those things. You're also making work for me. So basically, how do I say this? I want to help y'all, I would really like to make some money. I think this is good for everybody. If only everyone could see it that way. I think that I'm willing to play ball, negotiate, try extra hard, go the extra mile not not only for you specifically, and not only for this customer in general. But also because if I can get this on a roll and make everybody happy perhaps someday in the future, I'll get a referral and maybe I can make a case study out of this. And that means a lot to me. At the same time, I cannot do another 40 hours where they're tinkering trying to shoehorn this into your hub spots for 500 bucks like that's just not going to happen. So it makes sense

Unknown Speaker  17:08
yeah

Unknown Speaker  17:11
yeah

Unknown Speaker  17:16
so

Matthias Miller  17:30
I think

Matthias Miller  17:38
what do we think

Matthias Miller  17:50
ideally, what would happen is if we had a campaign running on Facebook that we could siphon off over into here

Matthias Miller  18:09
yeah, here's here's the other devil's advocate thing that I'm not certain about 70% of the appointment setting happens by phone conversation currently.

Speaker 1  18:29
That's great. Just explain to me a little bit contact fills out a Facebook ad leads form somebody at Yoders picks up the phone and calls them Hi, this is Mary, Jim, Joe, Bob, you just filled out our ad. What can I do for you? How's that actually work?

Matthias Miller  18:46
Well, yeah, and it's, I mean, do we switch to text? Do we just have a call like that and framing the call from the get go saying, Hey, this is Mary. I really can't answer that many questions for you. But I'd love to put you in touch with Dave and then only basically only do appointment setting and if there's any other questions that come up, it's like yeah, hey, I'm sorry. I don't have you know, whatever. Some kind of courteous apology.

Speaker 1  19:22
Who does the appointment setting right now? Because that is technically whoever that person is technically their job that we're relieving?

Matthias Miller  19:32
salesperson.

Unknown Speaker  19:34
They set their own appointments and then have a second call.

Matthias Miller  19:39
No, they call in reach out.

Speaker 1  19:44
Oh, there is no appointment setting. I'm lost. It's one way or the other but not both.

Matthias Miller  19:48
Okay. Find it. Call it a qualification process, Jonathan. Okay, whatever it is, it's it is where the appointments sitting should be plugged. into but it's a qualification process. It's the same person, conceptually two big stages. One is qualification, which would be the equivalent of appointment setting if we were to do that. And then the other is which basically means making phone calls and finding ways to reach people and when they're available, going straight into the into the conversation into the sales conversation. Makes sense?

Unknown Speaker  20:33
A little bit

Speaker 1  20:48
Okay, let's take a step back. I have a toy golden goose that I have reason to believe to turn into a full grown adult golden goose, I realized that it's not a good fit for everyone. Although Funny enough, the system is got a broader range of application than just about anything else I've ever touched. When it comes to marketing and marketing tech. I'm trying to see if it's worth somebody's while to let me set up this system and produce some golden eggs without falling into many, many miles of complexity proliferation, changing the system into something that it wasn't quite intended to do. And I've got two versions of this, they are the Give me your old leads, I run it like a batch through my system and spits appointments out the other end, that's the eggs. And hopefully you like it. And hopefully you're literally getting money out of leads you already had that were dead you and not producing a dime. Otherwise, that's version one. Version two is I have a very similar version, meaning that the technicalities and automation are all the same, that can take your fresh leads, and work the phone for you. Well get you off of working the phone is a better way to put that. By taking those brand new leads handling the qualification there is definitely a speed and 24/7 access. Like that's beyond human capabilities. That's part of the features and benefits. And if you liked that, and you're willing to like actually care and invest in play ball, I'm willing to try to make that work for you. But somebody on Yoders in has got to see some value in this. Otherwise we're all going to end up frustrated and like, you know, literally the worst thing that has happened to me over the last five weeks, is the fact that I kept asking me for calendar access and info and nobody would get back with me. I just can't work like that. And it tells me that this is not interesting or they don't care. Now, don't get me wrong, I do not expect to be number one priority, but I do expect someone to take 10 minutes and share me a HubSpot user access or something. And so that that's where I'm at in the big picture the questions about who's whatever and the workflow and the automation and Zapier or maker whatever we can do, we can work through all that there's unknowns. I don't think there's anything about it it's impractical I think it can be done. But you know, someone's got to care enough to this is worth their while to pay me a little bit of attention and send me some money by the way, I haven't been paid

Matthias Miller  23:37
Alright, well

Speaker 1  23:43
it is kind of rough on the guy who hasn't been paid to ask him to commit to doing a whole lot more

Matthias Miller  23:53
fair Fair enough. So maybe this is a shift in expectations. My My thought was I'm going to open the door for you you have the conversation. And I don't know if there was lack of expectations if there was Cody just straight up didn't think he needed to do it or if he I don't know what I have no idea what Yeah. It it doesn't seem

Matthias Miller  24:32
okay, as a friend. This sucks. I can take a look at Cody and find out why he didn't give you access. It feels to me a little bit like I'm in the middle expected to I don't know maybe there were some expectations of what I should be doing here to drive this thing along. I give it about the priority that I saw with it. I'm By No, no,

Speaker 1  25:00
let me help you with that. No, there were zero expectations. What happened is, well, yeah, there was one expectation I expected Cody to be a decent human and communicate with me and he didn't. And so now that that happened, I'm like, Hey, Matthias, can you help me? If you don't want to help? That's fine. I don't want to. And I realized that for you. If this had gone well, and there had been plenty of money to go around, like, you know, I think you would have made everybody happy. But it's kind of like we're stuck in first gear, or maybe not even quite in first gear yet. And I don't know, maybe you should just say, hey, Cody, I heard from Jonathan he wants to help you. But it's kind of stringing out and getting difficult for him to work with, do you want to talk to him directly, and maybe Cody's gonna say I don't want to deal with and in which case, I guess we'll just wrap it up. But I was hoping that there was something about my golden goose that was attractive enough to be worth playing ball over. Let's do this.

Matthias Miller  26:17
I will ask him, I'll tell him that. I believe Jonathan has been trying to communicate with you about the set appointments but hasn't heard back and asked him what's the best way for you to be in touch with him. And I will see what he see what he says. And I know this is not in your ideal working style, but straight up picking up the phone calling the office and saying hey, I need to talk to Cody. With this, I've been helping him on a on one of his marketing projects, fill in the blank, I don't care. And I'm needing to chat with him. You know, just straight up, pick up the phone and call.

Speaker 1  27:05
And yeah, I have no problem that I have his number I can text him. And that was literally the next thing that was going to happen anyway. So there is one, this is not exactly expectations, it's more like an existing factor. So the one problem with me bypassing you 100% And dealing only with 30 directly. Especially if we're looking at you know, if this turns into Bill collecting, that's a whole different problem. And man alive, I sure don't want to go there. But if we look at it from the positive side, meaning that there was hope in the future for all of us, in this project, I was going to say that it's pretty clear that Cody relies on you for both consulting strategy and some tech. So if you were to say to me, Hey, Cody, Jonathan has this other widget that does XYZ. And I think that's great. That's gonna mean a lot to Cody. Whereas if I say to Cody, hey, Cody, you're not communicating. I'm frustrated. I gotta wrap this up. My business partner needs to get the bill paid. And oh, by the way, I also want to sell you something else. That's not gonna go real good. Right. Yeah. I mean, so that's sorry, go ahead.

Matthias Miller  28:16
Also send them a follow up text and ask him if he's had any issue with giving you read only access to HubSpot. So I I don't understand why he would. I don't understand why he hasn't.

Unknown Speaker  28:34
Why he would give me access but

Matthias Miller  28:37
no, I have no reason why he would not why he would not or why he has not. Okay. But I don't know he's

Speaker 1  28:44
busy. Like I think the chances are pretty high that he's just literally either he's not really my meds, or he's reading them and got something else to do. Probably what's also doing much.

Matthias Miller  29:04
Okay, this might help the conversation slightly, or at least frame the conversation. He's young. He's green. He's a little starry eyed. When somebody says to dollar leads, yes. He does not know how to think about the implications of total cost of acquisition.

Unknown Speaker  29:30
Is that where you tend

Matthias Miller  29:31
to use in training? Yep. So I am happy to I don't know. You just have to have a defined relationship. I'm happy to have sent that text. I'm happy for you to reach out to him. I too, am juggling. Other commitments. And I'm not really willing to. This call is More about helping you as a friend than it is about helping them I'm past my quota for the week and yes, I will make up for it at some point but I do have other things vying for my time so that's so I don't know let's figure out a way to let's figure out a way to get you paid that's for sure actually hang on

Speaker 1  30:35
one of my problems in life is that I'm too nice especially to people I don't know I'm probably I'm probably too mean to people I do know like you but I'm too nice to be like Cody so referring to that not getting paid part I've not sent him a bill because I can't get an answer about how many appointments got set and our our agreement is that they're paying $65 per appointment and so them stalling him them whoever stalling for time on getting me that info is literally preventing me from summarizing and moving forward if if all had gone well I would have liked you know move forward and offered something else more of the same the other version whatever but like we got stuck in the doldrums of nobody talking to me and so it just becomes a difficult situation make sense? All right. Hang on yep

Matthias Miller  31:39
all right. So he doesn't have a problem with you having access masking him if actually I guess I'm I'm not sure whether I have that access check to see if I've got that access he's fine I'm granting it.

Matthias Miller  32:37
34751

Matthias Miller  33:12
Yeah it's a it's a busy thing man. That's what it it's a busy thing

Speaker 1  33:23
he's happy at least what's funny enough this is how this conversation started was with me just checking to see if like he was grumpy or happy or what

Matthias Miller  33:32
I mean, I don't really know I think it's a little bit user

Matthias Miller  33:51
Are you fine just having read only access?

Speaker 1  33:52
Yes, absolutely. I just to the calendar, I literally just need to see what appointments got set and who set them Oh meaning meaning who the attendee was.

Unknown Speaker  34:05
Okay

Speaker 1  34:13
any other assuming that there's trust in this relationship? Any other info helps me like I'd like to see who fails who canceled who qualified and sold but like if they don't want to play ball on that then Oh, well.

Matthias Miller  34:27
No, I think I'm, I'm giving you view access. I don't think there's a problem with you seeing this stuff. You should have an invite link. So here's what I would encourage you to do. Go through everybody that you know has had a conversation with so in HubSpot pull up the calendar links go find everybody who booked pull up their profile and go see if they talk to the salesperson. And tonight go crazy invoice for that and send that over tomorrow is the day that they make their payments. Oh, wow. Okay. And if you want to get paid by credit card, then do that whatever. Were any of the other ones where there was a cancellation or no record of a conversation, put them on a list, ideally with a spreadsheet where it says whether it was Dave or Dwayne. And Tuesday morning, we'll put in our sales meeting agenda, and we'll go over them and find out exactly what happened with them. And you can issue a second invoice next week for the balance.

Speaker 1  35:35
Go back to the mill. I'm sorry, I bought I started taking note like can't type that fast. So I'm gonna make I got to make an invoice tonight. Yep. And then there was some detail there.

Matthias Miller  35:47
Okay, make an invoice tonight with every everybody where you know, there was a conversation. And you can do that by pulling up the the names of people from the calendar, who booked an appointment, pull up that lead. And go see if there's a known call recording or something that indicates sales activity, like they created a quote, or something like that. That it wasn't just a cancellation, or a no show.

Speaker 1  36:21
I'm just gonna I'm gonna make a spreadsheet that shows them all. And I'll mark cancellations and no shows.

Matthias Miller  36:29
There you go. And then and then if there's any, any cancellations or no shows, then we can go over those. And I don't know if you're supposed to get paid for those. I don't know if they're not what I would encourage you to stay

Speaker 1  36:43
in there. Not. Technically, I was getting paid to have the appointment. But that's it. I'm not saying I'm going to play hardball over it. I'm just saying that's what they agreed to.

Matthias Miller  36:57
That's, that's up to you. If that's the agreement, then that's the agreement. It's neither here nor there.

Unknown Speaker  37:06
It's fair to say well, I

Matthias Miller  37:07
mean, it is.

Speaker 1  37:07
Yeah, it hurts because like, I don't have any good reason to turn this into a bad situation. I'd totally be willing to be flexible or renegotiate or whatever. Like if they've got enough interest to play ball. If they've had enough and want me to buzz off then No, I'm not going to give them something for free especially since they haven't asked. So it makes sense. It's just since I'm not there and can't see the look on their face and haven't heard the conversations and they're not answering me it was really hard for me to feel my way forward on that if that makes sense.

Matthias Miller  37:42
Yeah, so here's I guess the question to me is how much how much certainty I don't know. Would you rather have an undisputed invoice in cash in the bank? I don't know what specifically is in writing I

Speaker 1  38:06
can flip that on its head and say that they want my business partner in London to call the bill collectors I'm the nice guy here

Speaker 1  38:20
again, like why don't we just say again somehow every time I open my mouth you're talking we've got like audio lag or something

Matthias Miller  38:32
okay let's zoom or something

Unknown Speaker  38:39
I didn't hear what you said

Matthias Miller  38:46
I don't know man. I mean do what you got to do. The reason I'm hedging my bets is I don't think that they're wildly excited they're they're not both wildly excited. Cody thought it was a worthy experiment. Cliff thought it was overpaying and but if if what you had was a set appointment, then that's what you had and go invoice it for them and it wasn't part of that conversation. So I I understand that this is you're looking to shoot fish in a barrel and get paid and have money coming in

Speaker 1  39:50
Yeah, I don't need not not looking to shoot fish in the barrel. What I am looking for is to not shoot myself in the foot either for it

Matthias Miller  40:02
Well, I would think I believe Cody's calculations were based not upon CODIS $65, a lead was based on a calculation of how many people do we convert for people that we talked to? That's

Speaker 1  40:21
true that actually met probably have that conversation. Yes.

Matthias Miller  40:27
So that's what he's expecting to pay for. And it will be difficult. It will be more difficult for you to make a pitch to Cliff. Later on. If you also come back and say, No, we're not just paying for these conversations we're paying for. In my mind, it is not the salespersons fault. If we set an appointment, and it wasn't sticky.

Speaker 1  40:54
I'll see you there. A Yeah, I agree. And yet, I don't think that's any failure on my end. I think that's real life. So you agree, No, literally, as a business consultant, do you agree? It's neither it's nobody caused this.

Matthias Miller  41:10
Nobody caused it. But it's also a lead quality issue, which I would say is on the marketing front. I know it's, it's, it's sometimes gray. But if you have a lead that's non responsive, that means that marketing generated a lead that for whatever reason, is not is not showing. And there's nothing a salesperson can do. To get them to raise their hands now. All that technicalities aside, because that's how Cody did the calculations. You're going to find yourself in better graces by charging them for actual conversations had and not for actual appointment set. And that's the most likely option.

Speaker 1  41:59
Yeah, I'm sorry. I'm trying to take notes. I'm sorry. I'm trying to take notes. What is the other guy's name again? Cliff? Cliff, Cliff? Cliff Yoda, right? Yes. Okay.

Matthias Miller  42:13
So given that your goal is not to shoot fish in a barrel, there is an unspoken expectation that they're paying for conversations, not paying for set appointments. Now that expectation might be wrong, might be miscommunicated. Might be misunderstanding, I might be misreading the situation. But I'm pretty confident that's what the expectation is, especially given the math. So if I were, if I did not have have, if I was not worried about having a gun to my head, and squeezing every last dollar out of the engagement, I would only charge for conversations and say, hey, look, I think there may have been a miscommunication. I want to make sure we're on the same page. I was under the impression we were we were paying for set appointments. I know based on your math, you were not expecting that. Can we please? You know, I don't know. And then negotiate with the right next step is from there. As There's any number of ways that could go, it could be you play nice and you don't give it to them because Hogs get fat and pigs get slaughtered or pigs get fat Hogs get slaughtered, whatever however the thing goes, or it could be because or it could be money down, it could be split 5050 Or it could be up but I'll put this money towards like next round, and we'll just I don't know what you're willing to do. I just think long term engagement, your highest likelihood of long term success is going to be by conceding those few leads. Still in your court?

Unknown Speaker  43:51
That yeah, what?

Matthias Miller  43:52
What I would

Unknown Speaker  43:55
sorry, there's a lag again, go ahead.

Matthias Miller  43:59
Go ahead. What makes you blue is

Matthias Miller  44:09
I'm gonna have to drop in in 20 seconds. So

Unknown Speaker  44:13
forget that. Go ahead and finish what you're gonna say.

Matthias Miller  44:17
I would Bill okay. I know it makes you blue. I know we don't see things i i think you feel shortchanged in this. It's still in your court. I do you think expectations need to be if expectations were clear from the beginning. That absolutely you should charge for customer appointments set. If you know

Speaker 1  44:40
yeah, we're the real problem here is and and what makes me blue is that even if I give Cody the discount cliff is not going to care. I have not got I can't say that for sure. But based on my experience since Cliff feels overcharged T won't view it has me going the extra mile giving them a discount trying to help they'll view it as Oh, good grief. At least he got closer to reality. Cliff apparently should have been on that sales call. But once again, have you ever heard this story before? Nobody even told me the cliff existed. I thought Tony was the owner or something. So I wound up on the shorter end of the stick, literally, because cliff is the big boss. And when I made the sales when I made the deal, I didn't know if Cliff was even, you know, in existence? Well, yeah, I don't know Cody well enough to know if I can just tell him like it is or not, right. Like, I just don't know. I don't know if I can say, Hey, man, here's the situation.

Matthias Miller  45:41
Have a phone conversation with John? Yeah, I have to go have a phone conversation. That's the best bet. frame it as a we said this was an experiment, we're going to evaluate. Did it add up or not? What would it take to get this dialed in to the way that it actually adds up and actually works? I don't know. If you want a long term appointment setting engagement. We're gonna have to wrestle this thing through but I think there is a chance for with appointment setting you've got a long term engagement that could potentially be happy for everybody. So anyway, gotta go. We'll be in touch.

Speaker 1  46:14
Appreciate it. Thank you. Bye


Transcribed by https://otter.ai