Speaker 1  00:00
Perfect. All righty. Hey everyone, its Mark millennial, we've got Muhammad Ali from book for your business here. Today is gonna be really fun interactive workshop, because it's all around getting your book out into the world. Without all the stress, the pain, the pulling the hair out of your head that usually comes with bulk writing. I've known Muhammad for Oh God 20, almost 10 years, I think 2014 About 10 years. Yeah, we can instantly change Time flies, few more grace, but we're alive. And that he's this book writing process he does is really unique when he showed it to me a couple of weeks ago, Mike? Oh, no way. You know, it seems so out there. But it works. And he has a really good track record with it. So I am going to turn it over to Muhammad. But any questions, pop them in the chat box. And I know he'll be asking you guys for some feedback and things to Muhammad, I have to I think make you a host again, so you can share your screen,

Speaker 2  00:56
I believe. Perfect. Thank you. Lovely to see here.

Unknown Speaker  01:01
There we go. So

Speaker 2  01:03
how good firstly, good evening, everyone how we're going to be doing this workshop is very simple. We're going to go around each person and talk a little bit about yourself about your book, about your business, etc. And then we're going to come up with a whole book outline. And the reason we're doing this is because I actually helped mark to create his book. And at the end of this, I'm going to show you the process that we went through all the steps that we took, and basically how this book came about. And you're actually going to see the whole book completed. And this is something that we've managed to do in literally about under two weeks now. So this process is really powerful. It's something that I learned myself when I was in Bali, I took a whole month to write my book. And then I realized how can we do it much quicker. And I want you guys the goal of this of this call basically, is for you guys to have probably about 80% of your book done, digitally. It's all about in the planning stage, it's all about the framework about what you're gonna be doing, what you're gonna be writing about and why you're going to be writing it. And once you have that, then we're pretty much pretty much home and dry. So let's begin. So what we're going to do is we're going to go around each person, so who wants to be the first volunteer, and we're going to talk about your book. And once you see that, then you're going to see how the process works. And it's going to be applied for everyone. So any volunteers first?

Unknown Speaker  02:23
Oh, volunteer. Perfect.

Unknown Speaker  02:24
Okay. Hello, Victoria. Nice to meet you.

Unknown Speaker  02:27
Hi, Nick.

Speaker 2  02:29
So awesome. So tell me a little bit about yourself about your book about your business, etc. And then let's go ahead and start mapping you out?

Speaker 3  02:37
Sure, sure. So I am a communications coach, having retired from being a communications professor for over 25 years. And I actually do already have a little bit of an outline for my book. But really what I wanted to do is to have people use a lot, I kind of want it to be like a book in a workbook for people to be working on their communication skills in a kind of fun and experimental way. I think a lot of times we think about learning as punitive. So my goal is to make it kind of fun, experimental, have funny stories, things like that.

Speaker 2  03:15
Okay, awesome. And tell me a little bit about about the book itself. Is it going to be targeted towards business towards personal communication? How's it going to be?

Unknown Speaker  03:28
I think it was mostly about personal communication.

Speaker 2  03:31
Okay. Awesome. And tell me as a communicator, how would you what would be the process that you take them through? What would be the process to help them to do this? Basically,

Speaker 3  03:43
I don't think I understand what you mean. Could you explain it a little bit differently for

Speaker 2  03:46
me, imagine I was your client. And he was talking to me for talking me through the processes, what will be step one, step two, etc.

Speaker 3  03:53
Step one, step two to write a book or step one step in

Speaker 2  03:57
terms of communication. So to become a better communicator? Oh,

Speaker 3  04:03
I see. Okay, so Well, usually, there's some aspects of communication that we will be working on specifically. So for example, I have worked with a lot of people on how to communicate on Zoom. Good. And so that's kind of irrelevant here. And one of the things is, for example, if you're, if I look at you, I look like I'm looking down, but if I look at the camera, I look like I'm looking at you. And I work on that a lot. And I did as an educator, so practicing with moving things around on your screen, so that you have because eye contact is a concept, not a fact. So one of the things I work with people on is eye contact and public speaking, and I say well, actually really good public speakers don't make eye contact because there a hundreds of people, it's really about keeping your chin up and your eyes forward. So that's the kind of thing I talk about. Perfect.

Speaker 2  04:57
So we started to get something down Okay, so that's good. So far. So what I'm suggesting we could do maybe, is we could maybe have a have a, I'm trying to think about the concept Have you heard of, but the music concept of easy listening. So there's a music genre called easy. So what I'm thinking we can do is maybe have something that kind of play on that. So something like easy talking easy listening. Oh, okay. All right. Does that make sense? Is that something that started to resonate with you? Sure. Okay. So I think something like easy talk and easy listening. Because that has both sides, it has the The Tick Tock inside and listing site, the whole communication loop. And actually, I think we can call your we can actually call your framework, the communication loop. Okay, so it's that whole loop about how you communicate with people. Yeah, and half of it is the talking side, half of its listening site. Yeah. And I think in terms of the, you know, in terms of the, the easy talk, is you talk it is listening, what we can basically do is we can basically create that framework around that word easy. The reason why is because a lot of people when it comes to communication, they feel fear, they feel trepidation, they feel it's gonna be difficult, especially on Zoom. And then we can really focus on that term easy. Because that term, easy listening, easy talking, especially when it comes to personal relationships. People hate difficult conversations. And I think that we're easy, really kind of puts people at ease. So something like easy talking easy listening, puts you at ease when you're communicating. Okay. Yep, something along that lines. And having a, like I said, having that whole framework being the communications loop. How's that sounding to you so far? Sounds cool. Okay, good. So let's talk about now a little bit more about your book. So in terms of your book, is it something that you want to have as a as like a really thick book that people will have by their bed, or something that they can read quite quickly on a short train journey for like an hour and a half, what would you say is the kind of ideal length that you're looking for?

Speaker 3  07:10
I was thinking more of a shorter book, that would be something that you use more than sit and read in bed.

Speaker 2  07:21
Especially if it's easy, that's the most important thing. That's going to be crucial, basically. So I think that that would actually work really nicely easy talking, easy listing, a short book that people can read in a very short time span, and can really apply and they can read it over and over and over again. Now, another thing that we can look at as well is would this be a book which has one core principle does stress over the whole book? Or will it be lots of small points? For example, 10 tips or 20? Tips? How would you feel? Oh,

Speaker 3  07:53
I see. When you say a core principle, do you mean like the idea of experimentation? Or do you mean one thing that you're working on? Yes, one

Speaker 2  08:02
thing that you're working on one core topic that runs throughout the whole book. So imagine now, again, going going into the readers experience, if you have 20 ideas, it's like a buffet, you can pick one on Monday, you can pick another one on Thursday, etc. Whereas if it's a whole kind of book is something you have to eat in a in a city like like a free course meal. So how would you like people?

Unknown Speaker  08:26
More than buffet type?

Speaker 2  08:27
Perfect, awesome. So we're here we're talking about, you know, like seven or nine or 12 strategies, basically, they can pick and choose, because it's great, because each of them is going to be very situational. So one can be about zoom. So what we can do is we can have, for example, easy meetings, easy conversations, easy calls. So every can be can be prefixed with that concept of easy, and how to make it easy, both in the communication side for the listing and the receiving side. Okay, sounds. So how's it how's this book can start to pan out for you? Have you got some ideas to get started with it?

Speaker 3  09:06
Well, I do. Yeah. Now that you've framed it like that, it sounds no pun intended easier.

Speaker 2  09:11
Exactly. That's the whole point of it. Because, like I said, 95% of it's just getting an idea of getting started with it. And one of the things that I've been doing for the last 15 years is coming up with frameworks pretty much off the cuff. And, you know, so what you're what you're getting is 15 years of experience with this. And for me, I think that word easy is again, keep it very simple. Because again, what we do when it comes to frameworks as we grade them, as in level one is very, very easy. Level 10 is very hard. And the easy one will fall about a level three to four. So how you kind of kind of talking to the whole crowd, basically. Thank you. Awesome. So who wants to go next now?

Unknown Speaker  10:03
And the volunteers.

Unknown Speaker  10:06
It didn't hurt. It was fine.

Unknown Speaker  10:10
Don't worry. Okay, now Jaya, how about you?

Speaker 4  10:14
Okay, but I actually didn't want to take the time because I already have your time.

Speaker 2  10:21
That's okay. No, no. So Natalie has already written the book. And when I was in Copenhagen, she actually gave me a copy, she had one copy with her. And in that book, it actually has has my name in it. So it was a very, very proud moment for me. So what we're going to do is talk a little bit about Nadia's book, and how it came to fruition and how we kind of got the main elements to it. So why don't you? Why don't you slightly do something slightly different and share your your book journey? And then we can use that as an inspiration for everyone, when it comes to writing their book? Yeah.

Speaker 4  10:51
Well, my first book is dangerous nail for beginners. It's not an English, so. But the journey is actually because that Mohammed has a friend has called Rasmus and I have been taking his class on writing a book. And it was hard work. And because it's a nail book, and it's a lot of practice and a lot of pictures, I actually hated the process. And right now I'm in the process, process of editing it is with new products, because the nail industry has changed since eroded FFO, five years ago. So it's a lot of word. Perfect.

Speaker 2  11:42
And this actually brings up a very important point, one of the questions that will always ask, is it better to self publish your book? Or is it better to go with a publishing house? And the first question that I always always say is to begin with self publish your book, because what that will do is that will get you a track record, it will get you people who start knowing you following you reading your work, and then later on a few years, a few years down the line, then you can approach a publishing house, and then get a distribution for that. So this is where I think we're I think we can go with the next idea. So obviously, you've got your first book. So now what we can do is the second book, now you can say you can go to some publishing houses and say, Look, I've written this first book here. Now I'm looking to rerelease it, this is a new version, an updated version, a better version. It's got more stories in it's got more faxing. It's got more, more experiencing. And then what happens then is then you can start taking that book, and having it published and having it more a bigger reach. So this is what I think is your next adventure.

Speaker 4  12:45
Yeah. So because like I talked to you about in Denmark last time, is that I'm writing on a second book. That's for nail techs want to create a business and not learning doing the nails, but the next step for them? And yeah, it has its own flow that you have helped me with. That's called success with sequence, uniqueness, company concept, customers, economic structure and specialists.

Speaker 2  13:21
Yeah, perfect. So again, this is another point that I just want to share with you guys, when it comes to the actual framework part. So as I'm going to go through each person will create a framework for each person. So just like we did with Victoria, we created the easy framework, just like we did with Nadia, we created this success framework. So there's basically there's two types of framework. One framework is is basically a word like success, easy, something that people can remember quite easily. The other type of framework is a more of a b2b business, much more of a b2b framework, which is an acronym framework, you know, sort of, for example, sorry, an alliteration framework. So you have one acronym framework, which is a certain word like easy or success. And you have another which is an alliteration framework, for example, the seven P's, the four P's, the four S's, etc. So as we go through each each person, we're going to look at which type of framework is better. So so far, we've had to alliteration to acronym frameworks, because that was perfectly with the audience. And hopefully today, we're also going to have a few alliteration months, so you can start seeing what goes where. And then what we can do is at the end, we're going to look at how we can take all of your frameworks and see how we can create and sort of finalize that. Okay, now, like I said, I think review is really good. So the success, the success word that I gave you use that it's a very, very simple and very easy word that people want. And especially for your audience, keep it so that it's something that's very easy for them to read and go through because for them, this is a next step for them.

Speaker 4  15:00
Yeah, exactly. Also, thank

Speaker 2  15:04
you. My pleasure. So who wants to go next? Now?

Speaker 5  15:08
I would like to go next. Perfect. Louise, let's

Speaker 2  15:11
go through. Yes, see, I know we know each other, but tell everyone who you are what you do. And then we'll talk about your framework and your book. Ah,

Speaker 5  15:21
sorry, I have a son who's making a lot of noise. I am have a, starting a company where I coat mothers who have children with autism, because I have a son myself, that has autism, and he's turned 18 Now, and yeah, I have a lot of experience and found out what works and what not works and how I can work with these mothers to create a different mindset. Yeah, and, and, and I'm not writing a book right now, because I'm doing all that. But I always have had a whisk to write a book about my life with my son. And I don't know if it's going to be a learning book or just a story. What do you call it? Anything is just a story.

Unknown Speaker  16:24
Of course.

Speaker 5  16:27
Yeah, but I've wanted to write I started many times, but just don't know what I'm gonna do with it.

Speaker 2  16:35
Yeah, this is where I want to give you some inspiration. So the reason why we're doing this workshop is because I want all of you to write your book. The reason why is because you all got so much experience, someone like Louise is invaluable. If someone's got a child with autism, her story can be the difference between a happy and successful childhood or a difficult and challenging one. And one of the reasons I really want you guys each to write a book is because even if your book can just affect one person, or two people, it's made a huge impact. And why don't I help you to show you how to structure it is so that it can have that impact. So firstly, you know, there is definitely the Writing a book is something that you have to do, I can guarantee you that simply because it's going to make such an impact on people. Because the book is a conversation from heart to heart, it's the most intimate most personal composition you can have. And again, going back in terms of how difficult is it going to be to write etc, like that, like I said, for us, the hardest part will be coming up with the idea. So let's go over your idea. And once you've got the idea, then even if you spend half an hour or an hour a day, you know, you can pretty much get it done in the course of two, three weeks, basically. So let's talk a little bit about your about your, your book. So I'd say first of all, you know, write write a book that other people can relate to. So I think the best kind of type of book for you personally, here will be a book, you know, book for your business, which kind of tells you a process. So I need to be creating your framework. So let's write your book about around your framework. Okay, okay. So now, what I want you to do now is I want you to give let everyone know about the framework that we created. So just introduce it to everyone. Yeah, it's

Speaker 5  18:21
where you go from a really active life with with autism to an active life with autism. So you can do live your life like you want to do, because you created the mindset for the life you want to live.

Speaker 2  18:41
Perfect. Awesome. So again, so for you, I think a very simple title, I think would be called proactive autism, because that is being proactive that goes from the act from the reactive to the active. So I think proactive autism, how to help your child with autism to react in a world that is that is challenging for them, or how to help your child to deal with the challenges of a modern world in a productive way. Okay, so something like that will be really powerful and really easy. And again, it's just about going through the framework that we created, the reactive to the active and talking about the differences and how to make that how to make that debt jump from one to the other.

Speaker 5  19:29
Okay, okay. Yeah, that makes sense. Has

Unknown Speaker  19:33
that made it easier for you to write your

Speaker 5  19:34
book? It sounds like I'm gonna write it tonight. Like, that's excellent.

Speaker 2  19:40
No, I mean, literally speaking. You know, one of my clients may, she wanted to write a book for so long. We literally mapped it out. We created a whole mind map for it. And then she said, Well, Mo I'm gonna write it this weekend. I'm going to tell my parent my husband to look after the kids for the weekend. I'm gonna go into in the guest room, I'm gonna write it and she was messaging me for out and By the end of the weekend, she had a book written, so to speak. And what I want is I want you guys to have that spark. I want you guys to, you know, literally feel okay, I got to write this now. Wow, that is perfect because like I said, your book can be the difference between a child having a happy or unhappy childhood. Yeah, that's how powerful your your work is.

Unknown Speaker  20:23
Okay. Yeah. Awesome. Thank you.

Speaker 2  20:27
My pleasure. So who wants to go next? just unmute yourself and speak. He wants to know where to go next. Abu.

Speaker 2  20:50
Okay, how about bullet? Do you want to go Steen? Who wants to go next?

Speaker 6  20:59
I'm in the car. I don't know if there's too much noise. No problem, we

Unknown Speaker  21:03
can hear you perfectly. Okay, I can hear

Speaker 6  21:06
you. Oh, I don't know. If I want to write a book, I already have made one. Good idea. I'm thinking about what? Maybe I should make another one. But I don't really know.

Speaker 2  21:20
The one of the one of the biggest lessons is always have multiple books. Because it's often the third fourth or fifth book that really hits you that really makes you successful. So often, the first book is kind of a good way to get your name out there. And often the third, fourth or fifth book is where the real impact happens. So I'd encourage you to not just write number two, but number three, number four, number five as well. Yeah,

Speaker 6  21:43
I think it was very easy to make the first one. Exactly, I did it. I did it very fast. And it just came out of my fingers.

Speaker 2  21:53
Brilliant. And so us feeling inspired. So this is this is a really great, great concept. Because in ancient Greece that you know the concept of genius, the word genius, you invite your genius to the party. It's like your genius is like your twin. And when you inspired that genius comes comes with you. So one of the things that we also want to talk about now which ability has really, really kind of hit home on is the writing experience. Because obviously when politico wrote her book, she was feeling inspired, she was feeling happy, she was feeling excited. And obviously, the emotion that you put in when you're writing your book is the emotion that your reader is going to receive when they're reading that book. So it's really important that when you write your book, to feel inspired, to feel happy, to feel confident, et cetera. So when I wrote my book, I literally went to Bali for a month I was sitting there by the by the beach, by the, by the pool by the villa, etc. And really kind of getting in those positive vibes. So that came through my book. So what would you advise military? How would you advise us to get into that, that feeling of inspiration when you write their book, when people write their book,

Speaker 6  23:06
what I did was make a challenge to myself. Right writing every day, and I'm like to compete with myself. So every day, I will do more words than yesterday, every night, every night when I stopped writing, it was not because I don't have much to write it was more because my neck and shoulders didn't want me to sit down with the computer anymore.

Speaker 2  23:33
Excellent. So you made it into a game, you made it into something that you could win. Brilliant. Yeah. And that. Yeah. And that's what I always advise to my clients is, you know, the book writing journey is not something difficult. Don't think of writing a book like writing an essay, or a paper when you're back in school or college. You're now we're adults, we've got you know, 1020 30 years experience doing, we're doing, we're not the students, and we're the teachers. So for us, the writing journey should be very different. It should be one of fun, where we're taking all of our experience and just sharing it having fun with it. So congratulations, first. And I really do hope you write a second thought, because for me, it seems like this is a process that you enjoy, and one that benefits you. Yeah.

Speaker 6  24:17
So I just think what it should be about I don't really know, yet.

Speaker 2  24:24
Awesome. So tell me a little bit about what you're thinking. If you could write if you get a book, what would it be about what topic would it be about?

Speaker 6  24:31
Yeah, my first book is about weight loose. But now I also work very much with women in menopause. And I think it should be something about hormones. Because that's my that's what I work most Well, today.

Speaker 2  24:52
So I actually think a really good title for your book would be something called at home with your hormones someday. Where something where people can feel comfortable with their hormones, they can feel like it's something that that is natural that that change in their body is a part of them something like you know, at home with your hormones, and basically let people know and understand what goes with it. What is the connection? How does it all link together? If we can do that? I think that'd be really good. So something at home your hormones, or L. Socks? Yeah, that would work really? Well, I think.

Speaker 6  25:30
Yeah. Well, my much of what I do, I called it from chaos to balance in your home one's perfect.

Speaker 2  25:39
Yes, exactly. And again, it's, you know, again, that that concept of home home is a very powerful concept. Because it's that concept of feeling familiar, of safe, or feeling like you know, and again, it's going from that case to balance. So in the same way we've Louise's book is going from, from from reactive to active to proactive, same thing, it's going from chaos to balance. It's going from being unfamiliar in this new situation, to feeling at home with your hormones. Yeah. Yeah. So I think that'd be a really powerful book. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  26:16
And now I have to write it. Yes,

Speaker 2  26:19
exactly. I look forward to receiving the copy. And I see you in the in November.

Speaker 6  26:24
Yeah. Then I hope you can retain his best definitely.

Speaker 2  26:28
I'll have it. I'll have it. I'll learn Danish by the end. Yes,

Unknown Speaker  26:31
yeah.

Speaker 2  26:32
So then I write a book. Exactly. Yeah. And this is my pleasure letter. So I look forward to taking your book. Awesome. Okay, so now who wants to go next steamed mark.

Speaker 7  26:51
I can I can go on a actually, thank you so much for, for having this workshop. And I'm, I've been thinking about writing a book for a long time. But I'm more in a process actually follow, finding out what it takes to make a book. So I'm not ready. So I'm on here tonight for, you know, getting some smell for what it takes to make a book.

Speaker 2  27:20
Excellent. So the first thing really is to know what you want to write about. And then to have an idea, and then taking that idea and developing it. So as we as we finish, you know, at the end of this call, I'm going to show you the actual process we went through with Mark's book, so you can see all the stages that we take, and how to do that. So let's begin first, but I

Speaker 7  27:40
don't know, I know exactly. The idea. And I know what it should be about. And I know all this. So it's more you know, about how actually to do it.

Speaker 2  27:50
Okay, so this is great. So this is kind of going back to what bility said. Now, for you, I think it's about that writing journey. So there's two ways that you can, right. So one way is kind of like what I call the Jack Kerouac way. So Jack Kerouac had basically just looking yourself in the hotel room for a weekend, and just basically, right. Another way is the Ernest Hemingway, Ernest Hemingway way, where he'd basically go, well, he'd go fishing in the date in the morning, he kind of have a nice relaxing, start to the day, and then he'll come home and start writing his book. So basically, the first kind of way is, you know, as a person, how would you like to work? How would you like to write? Do you like something where you're just totally engrossed in it? Or is it something that you'd like to spend more leisurely? How would you like to what would be your your ideal preference as a person?

Speaker 7  28:44
I certain times I get very inspired. And I get very, I can see things very clearly. And that would be, you know, the way to, to make those moments happen. To do it, and I think, I think it's, if I knew, if I had like a skeleton, for you know, which step then, you know, I could start, you know, working on different parts. And I don't think it should be from a to, to set I think it should be, you know, be able to mark a little around what I found, when I when I have an idea to develop some part of it.

Speaker 2  29:26
Exactly. And this is perfect, because what I'm going to tell you now is a very important concept. So if I were to say to you the name Steven Spielberg, you probably know that name. But if I were to say cheese in the name, Michael Kahn, you probably don't know that name. The reason why is because Michael Kohn and Steven Spielberg always work together. Steven Spielberg is the director. And Michael Kohn is the editor. And whenever Michael Kohn wins an Oscar for Best Editing is guaranteed the Steven Spielberg will win the award for Best Directing. So when it comes to the book is very important to have a really strong editing process. That's basically where you take all of those ideas, everything that you've written, and you make sense of it, you put it into a good structure, you put it into a good format. So where I think you know, where I think your, your big, your big concern is, is I think that you love the writing part. But the editing part is going to be a bit hard for you. So it's the same with me, when I was in Bali, I basically was writing in the daytime, and I was sending it to my editor, she was in Pakistan, and she was reading it overnight and sending it to me in the morning. And I was writing for about three hours a day in the evenings, basically. So I'd send it to her, then she'll, she'll receive it, she'll correct it, send it back to me. So for you, it's very important to have an editor along the way, just someone who can read, you know, as you write, they read, they make it into sense they make it into into a structure. And I think if you have that, then you got a perfect partnership. It's like you're just Steven Spielberg, and you have Michael calm. Okay, thank you. Because the great thing about a book is, it's it's a team effort, it takes more than one person. And one of the things that that most most writers or most authors get concerned about when you're about to write a book, because they think I've got to do it all myself. And the beauty of it is, is that you can have a team, you can share the load, you can balance it, you know, I've got a team of 11 people helping my books. So for me, it becomes much more easier, as opposed to having to do everything myself. No,

Speaker 7  31:30
but it would be nice in the beginning to have you know, how should the beginning what's what's kind of things are there in the beginning, and then you put the theory together, and then you put some work, I mean, to have the whole skeleton and look at it and you know, okay, I need to go over here and then I will come back, but I need the tree or the skeleton. So

Speaker 2  31:56
let me start. Let's, that's excellent. So let's talk about that skeleton, that tree. Okay. So the first thing you want to do is you want to have at the very beginning of your book, you want to have something that I call a James Bond story. Yes, whenever you see a James Bond movie, it starts with a car. Yes, it starts with a someone jumping off a building. Why? Because that gets you hooked in. So the very first thing you want to do is you want to start a personal story about why this is important to you. Yes, I have that. Okay, then once you have that, then you want to basically take your core ideas and divide them ideally, between four to nine points. So point one, point 2.3 point 4.5 points, 8.7, point nine. And then you basically want to write your chapters around those points. Like okay, what I'm going to do is, when I show you Mark's book in the, at the end of this call, I'll show you his structure as well. So when you see that structure, you'll see how to start structuring your your content. Okay. Okay. So that will come in a little bit. But it's really powerful, because what that will do is that will give you the exact outline that you need to take. Okay, thank you. That's, that's cool. So by the end of this call, I want you to literally know what goes where the roadmap, okay, okay, that should really help you very easy, then. And then it should literally be a case of once you've got a roadmap, it should literally be a case of spending an hour or two in a coffee shop, and just filling in the blanks.

Unknown Speaker  33:30
I think it will take more time, but that's okay. You'll

Speaker 2  33:33
be surprised. It's actually a very, I mean, that's how I started my book. I basically sat down for a couple of hours just mapped it all out. And then that was the most easiest part because then everything else became something that just flowed from there.

Speaker 7  33:46
Okay. Yes, thank you so much for you. My

Speaker 2  33:50
precious thing. So like I said, in a few minutes, we will go through a MacBook and I'll show you just structure. Okay, let's let's good for you. My pleasure. Awesome. So we have a couple more people we have Mark the janitor next month or or bullet? What if he wants to go next?

Unknown Speaker  34:12
To me in May or do you want to meet mine to the end?

Speaker 2  34:15
Yeah, well, we'll just we'll just finish the last couple of people. And then we can we can go over your over your bookmark. Okay, so Mark, do you want to go next or sorry, Mark vacay

Speaker 1  34:28
not with the sea. Sorry about sort of a startle me for a loop I kept here exactly. Yeah. Okay,

Speaker 2  34:33
so, so Marco, or, or bullet pollute. I'm not sure how to pronounce your name Bolu motif. Do you ever have you want to go next

Speaker 2  34:49
Okay, so I don't think they want to go next. So what we'll do now is if they if they you know, if you've if you want to go through your book, just let me know and then we can do go through it. That was what I'll do is I'll just Stop presenting your structure mark. So what I'm gonna do now is now we're going to go into the mechanics of writing a book. This is exactly what Steve was talking about. And for all of you who have original book are about to write a book, this is going to be a very important section. Okay, so I'm going to share my screen review now. Okay. And basically, what we need to do is I'm just going to show you, this is actually how Mark's documents came about. So let me just open this up. So when we write a book, the first thing that we do is we come up with a framework. So these are all the documents that we have for Mark, but this is the first one to be looked at. So with Bach, we basically, like I said, We gave him a grade of level five. So the first thing to look at with your book is imagine level one, which is a total and utter new beginner. And level 10, which is a PhD, we're about you want your audience to be. So for marketers level five, if someone is very, if you're targeting a very beginning level, then you can start with a level two or three, if you're talking very advanced level, it could be a level eight or nine or 10. Even. Okay, so we've mark we met his his, his framework about him. And oh, sorry, now, are

Speaker 1  36:25
we supposed to be seeing your screen? Yes. See it, it's back to you viewing you are okay. Let

Speaker 2  36:30
me just let me just share that properly. Okay, so let me know if you can see it now. Yes. Yes, now, right. Okay. So basically, what we have now is, this is the initial document that we start with, this is a document here where we create your framework. And in mock framework, we wanted to give it a level five. So level five is about an average, it means it's someone that's not a beginner, someone not someone who's really advanced, someone who's kind of in the middle level. And this is his framework here. So it's basically mindset message, organic reach revenue, then within sub levels, subsidies here, you can see is an is a letter is an alliteration. So for example, M M, o r, then here CCCC, for example. So this is what we do here. Now, the next thing we do is we take this framework, and we turn it into, and this is the most important part, which is the book outline. So this is exactly what Steve was talking about. So one of the things that you want to do here is basically start looking at your whole outline, and create this outline document. Okay, so what you want to do here is in Mark's book, for example, we kind of divide it into two sections, one fear wants one half of it was about the theory. And the other half is about application, how to apply that theory. So with your with your book, Steen, for example, you may do the same thing, especially you know, you know, Victoria's it can be the first file could be about talking, the second half could be about listening, that whole, that whole cycle. So this is very, a very useful way is dividing your book intersections. So have the first half and the second half. And then what happens then is that gives you a perfect chance to then build in all the chapters between that. So for example, chapter 123456, etc. Now, this is where it gets very interesting. And we're going to go a bit more advanced. So I'm actually going to show you now how you can map out each chapter. So this is something that I use is a system called teachers. So for each chapter, you want to go through this cycle. So for example, in section in chapter one, for example, you may start with a topic, or a truth, a tip, a theme, or a trend. In in then after that, then you'd have either educate example, evaluation, explanation and evolution. Then the next thing you'd have is either activity, analysis, application, application and ability. Then, in the sea, you'd even have conclusion, challenge, capture, claim or chart. And then finally, in the ancient the essence, if a headline history, hope how or habits or story study summary statistic, or start now. Now I'm sure that this is pretty overwhelming to you. But the great news is that for everyone that's on this call today, what we're gonna do for you guys on us is we're basically going to help you to create your book outline. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to give you at the end of this call a link and then basically we have a call, and then we'll be So you get information from you, and then you get a document like this. So your whole book is already outlined for you, then all you have to do is write it. Okay? So for Steen, this will basically take all of that process all of that thinking out for you, for bullet eight, that will basically give you that whole outline. So it makes it 10 times easier. For for Nigeria, we'll take basically the success principle in the success framework, and put it all into a book. So this will be something here that will make life much more easier. Like I said, this is the, this is going to be the whole outline. And the promise to you was that by the end of this call, you'd have the whole outline. So basically what to do is just put a call at the end. And then basically, we just have a quick call, and I get all the just talk you through a questionnaire. And then I send you this this kind of document here, and also this top level framework here. And then all you don't have to do is just go ahead and write it. So how does that sound? So that'll make life a lot easier for new days. Excellent, because like I said, the reason we're doing this, because I want all of you guys to have have a book, we have a question here, let me see, perfectly is brilliant. So now we go to the actual next phase here, which is where I want to spend a bit of time showing you is an actual book that we've just done. And this is Mark's first book. So Mark, you're getting a preview of Mark's book. So this book we started writing literally about about two weeks ago. And his book here is the natural coaches, the natural born coaches client called Mark Lewin is a proven method for thriving of thriving without paid apps. And you'll see here that this is how the whole book looks. So I'm just gonna go through. So you can see here, it's, it's a very long book, it's 476 pages, because we wanted to make it a code, we wanted to make it something that becomes like a, like an industry standard, a reference book. Okay, so like with, like we talked about earlier with Victoria, it can either be a short book that people can read in a very short journey, a short train, right, or it can be something that actually have any refer to they think, Wow, this is the golden standard. This is the Bible in my industry. And that's exactly the kind of concept we want you to have with Mark's book. So you can see here, his first section is theory, then mindset, message, organic, reach and revenue. That becomes his first half of his book, that framework that we talked about the very beginning. And then all we've done is we've expanded our frameworks up, just like we did with Mark, we're going to give you all your outline like this. So you'll have all your chapters and what to say in each of your chapters. And it becomes something you just have to basically write and fill in. Then we have section two, which is all about the application. So here we have chapter six, applying mindset strategies, applying messaging strategies, applying organic marketing strategies, applying reach amplification strategies, and applying revenue generation strategies. So you see, what we've done here is we've tried to keep it very organized, very systemized, especially if your book is going to be something that people are going to be referring to over and over again, something where people can find things easily, where they can see a system, they can have a choice of, okay, let me learn about mindset. Let me learn about marketing. Let me learn about revenue generation, all of these elements are very easy and very impactful. Now email,

Speaker 1  43:30
sorry, and maybe you're gonna cover this later, I thought it was really cool and interesting. Are you going to mention about the going through my program? How you guys came up? Okay, awesome. Exactly. I don't want to steal your thunder, I just want to make sure because it was really neat how this came about.

Speaker 2  43:48
Exactly. And how this came about was that Mark actually had a whole program, it was about 12 weeks, is about probably how many hours was about 12 hours of content,

Speaker 1  43:59
probably a little less service, around 30 minutes. And Victoria, actually who's on this call is in that program. So it was my 10k month coach, I gave you access to the modules and it wasn't like you and I sat on Zoom 10 or 20 hours ourselves here. You guys went through it. Bang. Exactly.

Speaker 2  44:17
Yeah. So what we did is my team actually went through months program, and we just basically wrote the book for his program. So Mark is gonna use this book to basically pre sell his program. So he'll sell the book, and then the program is the upsell from that. So if you've got a program, then it's very easy to take your usual program to then take your book out of it. If you haven't got a program, then just use the outline strategies we talked about. And then you've got your book as well. So there's two ways you can do it. Either use what you already have, or just start from a blank slate and either way, it was just as easily because the whole point of it is the power is in the book structure. So now we're just going to be talking a little bit about here. Now one of the most important things that you'll notice about this book is we spent a lot of time in terms of the formatting in terms of making it look nice. Because one of the key things that we have today is reading a book is very different to how it used to be, before you pick up a hardcopy book, you'd have it in your hands and you read it from start to finish. Now, people read their books, on their phones, on their computers, on their tablets, on the Kindles, and it's very easy to just basically hit that X button. So now imagine that your book is like a website, your book has to if a website is badly structured, but the organized, but the layout laid out, it's gonna be very difficult for people to follow it, people are going to turn away, they're going to hit that X button, and go to that next Kindle book. So it's very important that you spend a bit of time and effort making sure you got a nice cover. So if Mark, we really wanted to base it around mark, being the expert being the authority about people knowing who he is his brand, and then basically, having a nice page, nice book that's very easy to find easy to reference. And then you're going to find in a second, I'm going to show you that what we've done is we've actually went and we put in some nice title pages for each chapter. So we have a nice, easy layout. So when it comes to section one is very easy to find. Each chapter has got a nice cover that's like this here, the first page has got a nice kind of little background and a subtle thing. Because why this is important is it just keeps people's attention. Again, think of your think of your book, like a TV show, when you watch a TV show, you always want to have a little bit of change in pattern. If it's just information information, then all of a sudden, all that's going to happen is your brain is gonna start to get overwhelmed. So it's always good to have some nice images, some nice page breaks in the right in the relevant places. Because what that does, is that makes it very easy for your audience to then see a transition to actually being Okay, now we're going into a new area, a new journal, it kind of completes the previous and it prepares them for the one ahead. So you'll see that as we go through Mungus book here, each chapter itself has a nice layout to it. So one of the things I want you to really think about when you write your book is don't just think about the words, think about the layout, the appearance, the customer journey, the reader journey, because the easier you make the reader journey, the more likely they are to take that journey with you. So this is one of the things that most people neglect. They think writing a book is just creating a Google Doc or creating a PDF. But now a lot of the attention and a lot of the effort should go into the actual presentation into making it so that you see here, for example, we have quotes are kind of easy to reference, we have lists, we have places where people people can fill in, we have bullet points. So you really want to vary your book, as much as possible, have lots of different elements in different places. So for example, again, here, we come to the next chapter, and you can see how this one is closed. And this one is opened again. So it's really important if your book to give it a really good layout a really good look and feel specifically wonders on your brand, using your brand colors, etc. So does anyone have any questions about what we've covered so far? Feel free to unmute yourself. And we can talk and we can we can talk about any aspects of the book journey that we've talked about so far.

Unknown Speaker  48:35
Good so far.

Speaker 2  48:37
Okay, awesome. So I think we just go through a bit a little bit more of your book, so you can see what we've also done. We've also included principles like pillars, for example, here. We've also created elements, for example, you'll see in a second, where there's lists where people can actually fill in, you know, have, for example, here bullet points that are very easy to reference. So one of the key things I want you to do if your book here is really think of all of the different elements that you can have, and what would fit where. And that's why that whole teachers principle that I took I showed you very briefly is very important, because all of Mark's book is laid out with the teachers principles, because those allow you to have all of these different things, these lists, these exercises, these stories, etc. So this is why I mean, encourage each of you to basically in a book, call me at the end. And you know, again, what we do is we just go through a very simple questionnaire. And then from that my team will basically then take out the transcription and create out your your book structure, so that you pretty much got the hardest part of your book done for you. Because the hardest part for me was basically planning my book, which is why I figured if I want to create future books, I need to have that that process, that step plan. That's that step process as quickly as possible. So you've got a whole set of frameworks to be used in terms of the actual getting the book structure. And I want you guys to get a sneak peek a sneak advantage of your book and have that ready, because you can leverage of all the time and effort I did to create my structure. And you guys can have that same thing as well. Okay, so I hope that that is this is something that's going to give you real value and in real excitement. And like I said, my goal for each of you is for each of you to have your book written, you know, you guys have given me a good amount of your time, there's many things you can be doing. And for me the reason I'm doing this, because I want you guys to get your book out, just like we've helped mark to get his book out. It's very easy for you guys as well. And all it takes is just having a good structure. And then just like politicize it, just make it just get gamifying it make it very easy making it very fun. And if you can do that, then you're perfect. So let's see. So awesome. Thank you, Victoria. So let me just give you the link here. So it's very easy. It's basically booked for your

Speaker 1  51:01
I just put it in the chat. Perfect. Awesome. Yeah, awesome. hasn't seen the chat. If you're watching replay it's book for your business doc call a comm slash call. So book for your business.com/call to book four is spelled f o r, it's not the number four, you didn't get cute with the number there.

Speaker 2  51:21
Yeah, no, it's a very easy reference is all about. We have Maria with us. So Maria is actually another client that we're working on the book for right now. And her book is going to be very exciting, it's going to be coming out around the time of the Olympics. So I'm sure any of you, I'm sure a few of you already know her. So we, you know, you'll be seeing her book shortly out as well. So this is how powerful it is, you know, you guys can literally have your book ready in in two to three weeks. That's how beautiful and powerful is because the heavy lifting the book structure is something that we will do for you. And it's something that we want to do for as many businesses as possible, because that's the difference. That's what gets your book out. And that's the difference between spending 10 or 15 years wanting to write a book, and actually getting it written and getting it out there. And then like bility, getting on to book two, Book Three, book four, book five, but not yet getting on to book two. And that's how you start to create a legacy. Because ultimately speaking, we are leaders, you know, I always say this, the statement, people say that readers are leaders, the reality of it is is that writers are leaders, because we're the ones who write the books that need leaders. So we want to be writing the books that people are reading. And as a result of that becoming their true leaders becoming thought leaders, using our experience, using our life experience, our business experience to really guide people, and to really create a strong legacy and ultimately speaking, a strong business that helps us then to expand even more and more. So I hope anyone has, if anyone has any questions, we can go over that. Otherwise, if not, then I think, you know, we've gone through a really good process. And I hope that each one of you has got a really strong book idea. And in terms of that, I mean, not just having an idea, but having a burning fire within you to write that book. And I hope like I said, I'd love for each of you you know one of the highlights of my of my trip to Denmark was when Naja gave me her book that still on my desk, you know, I kind of show it to everyone that comes and I say, you know how great is, you know, someone just saw you, the audience state, they, you know, they gave you a book. And they basically said, hey, you know, you know, this is dedicated to you. And I've seen so many messages where I've got people who have sent me their book, The dedication, and and I mentioned in that, and that's something that really, you know, it makes a big difference. It's something that literally puts tears in your eyes. Because when you know you've been part of the journey that some people so many people seem and feel so valuable. It's like a rite of passage, then that is where a real sense of pride and honor cultural. So again, thank you very much for giving me your time today, I really hope that I've given you some ideas, some inspiration, showing you what's possible, and showing you what's possible, not just for me, but for people who've actually done this. And all it takes is just a little bit of a little bit of planning, a little bit of dedication to just spending a little bit of time to do to do what you know, most of you are consultants, most of your coaches, you're spending most of your time talking about what you do, all you got to do is just spend a little bit of that time now writing about what you do. And before long, you have a book, and then that book is something that works for you. 24/7 And what really impacts people is like someone having an 810 hour strategy calls you. So I hope once again that this has really been of use to you. I've given you the link here again book for your business.com Ford slash call and I really hope that I can speak to each one of you because I really want to give you that book outline, is something that we spend a lot of time doing is something that was the foundation of Mark's book. And once you've got that, then writing the book should become something that takes hours instead of years or weeks or months. And, you know, let us do the hard work for you. That's the reward for being on this call. The reward you get is that, like I said, we will, I will save you 2030 hours in terms of planning your book by doing that hard work for you. And then all you do is the fun part, which is what you love doing anyway. Okay, awesome. So once again, thank you very much for your time. It's been a real honor, a real pleasure, and great to meet so many breaks and see so many familiar faces, and to meet so many new faces. And I really hope that we do really good with all of our books. Just imagine if each one of us on this call writes a book, how many people we can help. We can help people with menopause is people with communication, so many different areas, and I can't wait for that to all happen. And for us to all start living a bit greater legacy. So thank you very much, everyone. Have a lovely evening.

Unknown Speaker  56:08
Thanks, Mama. Take

Unknown Speaker  56:09
care. Bye bye. Thank you very much. Goodbye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai