Speaker 1  00:02
Alright, let's give this a shot here so I wanted to take some time and talk through my process for problem solving. And see if there's a way that I can delineate this as early as possible I think. Place this thing actually starts

Speaker 1  00:45
starts with other people's perspectives. What do they think?

Speaker 1  01:16
Looking at this from climbing into their world and look at let's look at the past. Present the future surface layer, deeper layer underlying things. Let's it's a 3d vision into into what's going on. What are they feeling? internally? What are they feeling to experiencing extra money you know, it's a matter of looking at their environment. What's inside of their business what's outside of their business

Speaker 1  02:09
been claiming to the economic situation and economic scenario and taking a look at what that's like. That's a really as a matter of fact, coming into their world in every possible scenario, and taking a look at what that's like

Unknown Speaker  02:45
and then useful people.

Unknown Speaker  03:20
Is that there is something that emerges and?

Unknown Speaker  04:33
really is,

Speaker 1  04:36
but then you know that's all the foundation and then it's a matter of iterations. Okay, so, I would say the first 3d is getting inside their head. And then the next 3d is unpacking the layers. So what you're gonna find is that most times, were a few layers away, or a few steps away from what it is that they really want. So if you know the step one is find into their world and look around and step two do maths

Speaker 1  05:32
is let's dig a little layer deeper. Let's see if we can get to the roots of some of these things. And this is where it comes down to things like

Speaker 1  05:58
you know, what is it that you really have? What's your real goal? What is the real obstacle? What are the real problems? What are actually the things that you tied? You actually really tried them? And it's it's identifying layers. And it's okay to find gaps and you and as you do that

Unknown Speaker  06:58
usually think

Unknown Speaker  07:08
that that means that you

Unknown Speaker  07:24
why it means that?

Unknown Speaker  08:13
Look the reason you have got

Speaker 2  08:22
is because what else we got

Unknown Speaker  08:48
right search for this reason that you actually want and that was the actual problem the actual

Speaker 3  09:35
be able to get down to the truth. Know what's actually going on with

Unknown Speaker  09:50
this process like this 52 parts is the first part of the process

Unknown Speaker  10:04
and the second part is what is the difference

Unknown Speaker  10:49
right build it

Unknown Speaker  11:28
Right. Are you alive?

Unknown Speaker  12:51
Right here we are you protected

Unknown Speaker  13:03
there's a very

Unknown Speaker  13:15
name is Braden.

Unknown Speaker  13:49
up every day

Unknown Speaker  15:37
Right All right

Speaker 3  17:04
just take sales process you have to have find someplace otherwise

Speaker 3  17:20
you ever wondered what by setting aside there are these multiple things got that and that was a gift as well

Speaker 1  17:51
the process this connection because this is true letters think about one person doesn't scale so that is specifically one thing

Unknown Speaker  18:12
for you have margin

Unknown Speaker  18:27
then ultimately you can look at it from a market level So, here is you know here is the market so, this is actually in an ideal world you've got alignment between a need you spin the dialogue was the Rubik's Cube

Speaker 1  19:04
and you build alignment between what different people want to need and what other people can provide. This is the this is the foundational premise of an ecosystem because that one person wants is something somebody else can provide and vice versa. It is the basis of symbiotic relationships. And the basic premise of business is that these happen in clusters. So, these might be it might be a team or department, a division a business up and it also expands beyond that it expands into sub industries, niche industries, broader industries, broader economics. It happens geographically from a state level from a you know, federal level, national level international level if you're continental continental intercontinental

Unknown Speaker  20:19
so all of these different others and Froslass only talks about his getting done. And because of that, because it being a very practical not a very organic system.

Speaker 1  20:41
But when you start talking about needs or wants and outputs then shift to an organic system. And you're not just considering things tactically. We're also considering things things like soft skills and what motivation and you know, other things, kind of along those lines that fall into that. That arena so this is the basic This is the core premise of the book. Is that

Speaker 1  21:43
well. Alright, so then once you've got that, then you start this exploration. So then what are the breakdowns? The breakdowns are in three places. An inability to articulate what a certain entity wants a breakdown of what a certain entity can provide. And then a matter of misalignment. If you've got somebody looking to provide something for somebody else that they can't provide or can provide that undue cause cost that is misalignment once again, this happens at a macro scale. So if it's on a micro scale and there's another thought with that what was it

Speaker 1  23:24
this isn't just about once, this could also be about meet once in the exhibit is an appropriate way to to look at this. So from an engineering standpoint.

Speaker 1  23:49
So much of this comes down to contracts. What is the contract what is contract respect? Where's the contract? What out of that?

Unknown Speaker  24:13
Take a more kind of ticket engineering approach. It's strictly tactical. As far as what actually happens. Environmental it's about are the people getting what it is that they actually are wanting to have. So the problem solving then is getting into somebody's head

Unknown Speaker  24:49
identifying

Speaker 1  24:52
what it is they actually truly want. And where's their misalignment between what their stated want is and what their actual wants is. There's lack of clarity, there's noise and where are places where they're trying to get that? Get that from something that cannot give it to them? And you know guess goes


Transcribed by https://otter.ai