Speaker 1  00:00
upon you. The mantle of leadership is coming upon you right now. And your sensitivity is being being better Teletoon you're very sensitive to sensitive. And so the Lord is just adjusting the sensitivity levels. You are so afraid of hurting people. You're so afraid of hurting people. So afraid to such an extreme that many times you don't even speak because you're afraid the person's gonna get hurt because you will. And God says my son, don't be afraid of hurting people. Things was not I'm not afraid of hurting people are not afraid of hurting people. I break that fear. I break that fear, the fear. The fear of hurting people of hurting people stopped me raking in the millions has stopped me raking in the millions and this thing is causing a problem and this thing is causing a problem. I am way too sensitive. And way too sensitive. And all the old saying goes or the old saying goes If you want an omelet if you want an omelet, what do you do? Break a few eggs Rick if you like sometimes he's going to people just gonna get hurt, right? You don't want to hurt them but in life people get good but you can't walk around being so sensitive. The most important thing is that this kindness in your heart is loving this piece in you and I see people have manipulated you because of the sensitivity. They know that you don't you will not say your you will not hurt and they've controlled you. So I just want to say say Lord Jesus, I'm done being controlled and being controlled by those that love me. Love me enough of this rubbish enough. Out angry I will get the Bible says get angry but do not sin. But you don't even get angry. It's like you get you implode, implode, implode, and so to say these words, Lord Jesus or Jesus, even Jesus got angry. Sometimes I have to obtain the tables. Sometimes I have to turn the tables in the name of Jesus. So free me free me from this demon I'm free. Thanks a lot. Thank you. Precious seat. Hallelujah. Well hello


Transcribed by https://otter.ai