Unknown Speaker  00:31
Good morning, Frank.

Unknown Speaker  00:32
There we go. Hi, how you doing?

Unknown Speaker  00:33
Good. How are you doing?

Unknown Speaker  00:35
Well done well. I'm wrestling with an iPad. I have low trust of my laptop at this moment. So

Speaker 1  00:49
it's just, it's it's been ongoing and it'll be fine for like three weeks, and then it'll start again. And I have a new laptop sitting right behind me. But the pain of converting over Yeah, I just I haven't said and done it yet. So

Matthias Miller  01:08
the pain and the pain of this isn't bad enough.

Speaker 1  01:13
Yeah. Let's get in there. Now. Now, now that I've had to go to the iPad for zoom. It's actually getting there. So it's, it's, it's actually on the Ottoman waiting for my attention. And just like, why is there not an easy way to get passwords? You know? Yeah. I have so much stuff on auto saves that. You know, who knows? So, yeah, so that's Yeah. Yeah. All right. How things with you.

Matthias Miller  01:49
Good. So I'm in. I'm in Columbus for a couple of days. Hanging out with us hanging out with building play. He's doing speaker workshop. So

Unknown Speaker  02:09
who's that? Who's doing it? Melbourne

Speaker 2  02:11
Palais. Okay. So heading off to Starbucks for a little bit before this thing starts. So. Yeah, yep.

Unknown Speaker  02:25
Are you going to the AI Summit?

Matthias Miller  02:29
No, probably not. Okay. I don't know if we'll pull a stunt like it did last year and just come in for like, one day or not, but kind of bummed to miss everybody. But I've, since the last meeting, I've, I've met up with a couple who runs They run. They run their own agency, but also have a mastermind for agency owners. And not your they managed to cultivate not your typical bro culture marketers. And so, yeah, I'm considering going to their mastermind. If I can make it work, they they had a conversation with the owner and, or one of the one of the owners and she, she badly wants to be there. Okay, so looking at other opportunities to get in the room with with with folks. So Oh, yeah,

Speaker 1  03:23
no, oh, good. I mean, my original know, for signing up was to take my son. Cool. And then he had to change. So I actually have a friend of mine took his spot. So like, well, it's paid for so you might as well go. Exactly. And he's he's an he's a friend of mine is in the fitness industry. You know, Bill was on and actually there's two other guys he knows well, that had been in Perry's world for quite a while Jeff Newberg, Logan, Chris, where he's friends with both of them. So it kind of fits nicely. And so like, alright, so you go, are with I'm still gonna go. Because why not? You know, you're gonna learn something. That's yeah,

Matthias Miller  04:08
you're, it's always good to be. Yeah, you're going to learn something. It'll be good. There's something gonna stretch you there'll be some people you need me. Yeah, that's kind of after that's all.

Speaker 1  04:20
That's all I was trying to get my son to think that way too. And then just as other part time work project is kind of messing up his schedule. So like, wow, whatever works, whatever. Yeah. So So you guys are on to possibly an acquisition start taking

Matthias Miller  04:42
a look at it. So okay. I'm not sure yet what my role is gonna be there's a lot of stuff not not working out. But I asked my client Hey, you guys. You guys want to sell he's like, Well, my wife's been talking about moving out of state baby And so it's it's on the table. And I guess I don't know exactly where else to take this conversation. So, the I've got a friend of mine who, uh, owned, owned a shed business previously, okay, and ended up selling it, or, I don't know, kind of a long story lost it to a family member effectively. I don't know the details and so he'd be the one probably coming with most of the money for anything up front and we haven't talked anything about terms as far as financing or trusts or anything like that. I have a contact from Florida. lady by the name of Melissa cribbage check out who's been doing this. Yeah. He's been doing this for since she's been buying selling and scaling businesses for 17 years. And she's got a Yeah, right here. That's it. Yeah. Appreciate it. Yeah, good one. And her sounds like she knows what she's doing seems like a stand up person. I've never met her in person. So there's always the John min doccia. Three middle rule. You don't know psychotic until you've had to deal with them for three three times.

Unknown Speaker  06:40
Yeah. That's

Matthias Miller  06:44
so there's a little bit of but I know you and I trust you and you're not psychotic.

Unknown Speaker  06:51
So far, so good.

Matthias Miller  06:58
Herpe she's got a lower fee for acquisition. There were sales she says people don't have money recognition when you're looking for sales. So she, she charges 7500 For due diligence agency NDAs, valuation, negotiation. All that on the entire acquisition process. Okay.

Speaker 1  07:30
Yeah, there's so she's what's what's most of her activity? Professionally, I think

Matthias Miller  07:43
most of wretchedly, professionally. I don't know what kind of team she's got behind her. But most of their activity is sales prospecting. Finding businesses, running numbers figuring out based on industries with I don't know, due diligence, with you know, me

Speaker 1  08:06
neither. Okay. Yeah, I just smaller m&a and brokers. And the reason there's a fee is like acquisition, on the small side, from the buyer side is typically almost impossible to make money at. Yeah, right. So she's gonna have this fee, which is due no matter what happens in the deal. Right? gotta believe there'll be a timing on the contract because deals can take forever.

Matthias Miller  08:39
He's six months on a sale, and he doesn't have a binding contract. They read the contract. I don't see it. They didn't see a timing on it. Yeah, cuz it's a timing it is an acquisition of a single business.

Speaker 1  08:55
Right? Yeah. Because it because it can deals can just drag, that's all. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  09:02
Makes sense? Hey, here's,

Speaker 1  09:03
here's my first thing and even if it's with us, so we, you know, it would be more something that like, I can just help you with, and do that and not worry about it. I mean, if you want to get real, further out there thought I am not beyond taking an active investor role to help in the process. So I mean, there could be some, you know, capital advice, etc. The other thing is, is in Jose and I've done as with now, a few clients of ours, that we just kind of end up consulting them through the process. Right, so like when when you get involved as an m&a advisor, which I wouldn't do. It would be my well wouldn't even be my partner. There's just no bandwidth You're really become the middleman and you're on the deal. So this is your client. It's a little different. Now sometimes it since it's your client is going to be nice to have a third party kind of involved. But they also can like react negatively, like you brought in, you know this person. I'm pretty sure you're comfortable around p&l, balance sheets, things like that. That's really the first hurdle. Because if you're comfortable with them, and also I know you spot things that are funkier Yep. That's due diligence. In a nutshell, there's a huge, there's a huge list. But if I'm looking at saying buying a small business, what am I trying to do? I'm trying to limit my risk. I'm trying to make sure there's a base that'll hold something and something I can grow. Yes, I mean, that's really, really it. I also would have the ability to shoot over files to you for that are the recasting files we use. We use a few different models for valuation. Yeah, one of which is the SBA model, which is, like if you guys went to a bank to get funding, yep, every every bank, we're gonna put it through an SBA loan program. Because they get because they get the guarantee, no bank is brave. So they're gonna pump it through that program. Well, there's a mod, there's a model they use to approve deals. So basically, you just start filling in the blanks, and playing with it. And all of a sudden, oh, here's the valuation because this is what the model can support. So anything under that number, that number under is good.

Speaker 1  12:08
rates are high, and that's costly. So I mean, if we, if you can socialize, seller financing, that's, that's, that's a speed element. It's a debt load element. It's a owner skin in the game element. You know, it's all those good things. And then we have, you know, it's just simple little spreadsheets that you can model and play with that. But you know, the other thing that allows us to do when we do it would do it for our seller. We haven't done it here. It shows them like, oh, okay, I play the bank and my 10 year note, I collect all this interest. I've, we always use it, I guess we can still say we've never had a seller have to take a business back. You know, we've never, you know, doesn't happen. Yeah, it happens. But it's very rare. It can also possibly get you out, or everybody out of personal guarantees on the financing as well. Which would be nice. You know, maybe he's just backed by the business and the assets. And so there's some ways to play with that. I mean, depending on how you feel about the owner. In the business, you could actually maybe build in bonus and upside to them if there's a piece of growth or things like that, especially if you need them around at all. So there's a lot of

Speaker 1  13:54
there's a lot of creativity, you can come up with. So, you know, the, the first step is do they want to sell at one time? What does that mean to them? Like functionally and dollar movement? Not dollars defined, but are they open to a downpayment and a seller note and maybe a little kicker, if we can grow the thing? Does he need to stick around the work? Do you want them to stick around or so? So you know, do you want the person in there a lot of times that's a challenge on real small businesses because of I mean, you need the you need the information change, change over but if they're staff, there's a confusion to like, who's the boss and who's acting like the boss and who's you know, Dan, maybe you want them to run it, and stay hands off and grow it from the outside a little bit. Yeah, there's so there's a little bit of weirdness there. So if your friends coming in, you know, for anyone working in the business, you know, how do you handle compensation?

Unknown Speaker  15:22
The set aside, you know, so you got to kind of set aside that for in the p&l, you know, when you model it. And, you know, so things like that don't know what entity entity type he is. I got I believe it's a C or LLC. I can't imagine there's not too many C corpse still floating around, but they create problems.

Speaker 3  15:55
You I can't imagine. WhatsApp.

Matthias Miller  15:59
I just can't imagine.

Speaker 1  16:01
No, no. Most of those have been converted over by now. 15 years ago, we used to see strange little companies that were C corpse. And we're like, what? Why are you doing this? You know, and they come to sell and you're like, well, you're gonna get double tax. Because no one's buying your stock. You're tiny and you're full of risk. So nobody really wants. Sometimes it has to happen with like contracts and things like that. But you know, part of any deal is just managing risk as much as you can. So yeah. Yeah, he could even still be just like a sole proprietor. Which, you know, could could happen, and it's just all recorded on his personal returns.

Unknown Speaker  17:01
Very well.

Matthias Miller  17:02
I mean, there's immediate money money to be found right there. Against the guy.

Speaker 1  17:09
Certainly risk avoidance to be found right away. risk avoidance. I mean, let's get let's get the corporate veil up as fast as we can. Yeah. I'm in favor of multiple LLCs. To be honest, I layer them as much as you can.

Matthias Miller  17:28
Have you done any work with one of the things mostly talks about is the key? What is it called? Like the key player insurance or? What?

Speaker 1  17:40
The personnel? Yeah, so key man insurance? Management? Yes. So if you have if you have like management, and or their management level people, great. So sometimes you're buying an insurance policy on them or for them. Either way, you know, sometimes you're using as a bonus, like, you know, hey, you know, I'm gonna, this policy is going to run on your for a while, things like that. So for example, when, if you do an SBA loan, one of the things they used to do, I think they still do it unless they chucked it in and then during COVID. If I was buying a business, they would say, Okay, you either have to have enough insurance already, and you're assigning the value of the loan to be paid off. With that policy, us as a beneficiary first enter, or there'll be a new policy put in place, it can just be a term policy that just times out. But they want to make sure if that owner operator drops dead, they get their loan back. Again, not being brave. So that would be a version of that. Yeah, so if there's like a really vital employee or two, that's kind of what you end up doing, you end up hedging that for the company or the owner, the loss of losing that employee to replace and keep running and things like that, but then it's equally used was the guys I know that right on. Kinda like a perk to that person, too, because they might set up like a whole life policy. That'll become theirs after a vesting period or something like that. You know, and it's a nice, big, big swing. Yeah, so we have branches on our m&a firm, we have cross policies on both of us. My partner and I, that you know, are House would, no one has to come up with money to move the other 50% ownership over to the other, or vice versa, you know that it's just done. Lord knows what the amount is an evaluation is a discipline. We don't eat our own cooking as well as we should, because it's not updated. But it's, it's enough. It's okay. But it's just is it backed by anything other than I was talking about? So, yeah, so I think I mean, I can probably arm you with a lot of information and help. And then you can decide if you want even more help. We're not going to cost you $7,500 Even if there is a cost. The other alternatives if you guys want someone else involved, you know, I'd be happy to look at it too. I, I like simple businesses, better than complex businesses anyway. And

Speaker 1  21:16
I think I think the number crunching part is not like something that's going to be out of your wheelhouse. I don't think there might be deal nuanced points that we can add to but I think moving through data would be fine. I probably have a confidentiality agreement that you can alter, to use if you want that between you and your client for for that discussion, right. I mean, I don't know, if you use one as a consultant or not. You could probably just amend it if you do use one. So that he's comfortable. Although you might have all those numbers already anyway, I mean, who knows? When

Matthias Miller  22:07
I mean, I don't, but probably not a big step. But it's not unreasonable to

Speaker 1  22:16
it's Yeah. Yeah. And if you offer it first, that's also just kind of a nice comfort level to them, you know that? Oh, okay. Thanks. And then, let's see, get you the p&l, the recast forms we use. So you can take a you can take the information from p&l or tax returns, eventually, you're going to want to tie the two together. Make sure that

Unknown Speaker  22:51
make sure there's not untrue information flopping around. Doesn't mean it's not buried in you have to dig a little. We just wanted it all to line up in the long run somehow.

Speaker 1  23:09
And, you know, I and I guess, you know, first question when you're talking to him, to you know, about, okay, you think you want to sell? So it's a question of when was that look like to you? And just to him? Did you have any expectation as to what it's worth? Because if he says, you know, 10 million and those 2 million a year, revenue, you know, your

Unknown Speaker  23:38
move along. You don't want to start going down down the trail.

Unknown Speaker  23:45
That's a long way to come down. Yeah.

Speaker 1  23:48
Well, we've had, yeah, that's not new. But it's Yeah, I mean, it's just the simple fact is that, you know, in the small business world dead loads, debt load drives the acquisition. How much can the cash flow support?

Matthias Miller  24:07
Right? Well, I mean, so. Okay, well, that makes sense.

Speaker 1  24:11
Yeah, that's how you ended up with a multiple earnings. Right? So for instance, that to talk through the SBA model, let's say you were the owner operator buying it, and they would look at your income needs as a family, so they say, Okay, so I'm just gonna use round numbers. So you need $100,000 a year salary. So they would carve that out of the cash flow. Or maybe you're leaving $100,000 Your job and you're going to buy this business so they would card because that was a big trend for a while executives jumping. So then you say, okay, so they're used to that lifestyle. That's what he needs, you need that so that has to come out of the cash flow. A lot of times the owner was paying themselves something too. So that all goes back in. So you, you total that up, then you have the leftover profit, cash flow out of the business, they will allow using a really rough number 30% of that number can go into paying the debt 30 to 35%. So then you just work backwards to 10 year loan is this interest rate, boom, all of a sudden, you know how much the debt load piece is, the other piece you're messing with is that maybe SBA will let you do as low as 10%. Down. But that's if the owner holds a 10%. Seller note. So in your model, you're going to try and model for 20% down. And then kind of work from there. So I have I have that spreadsheet that, you know, is super easy to, to play with. And then there's your cap, right, so it's a million dollar acquisition, I put 20% down to do you know, pretty much so you end up falling into that three, three to three and a half times earnings number. It kind of it'll it'll move around a little bit. Further instance, industries, the lenders feel are risky. They might stick tighter to a 30% debt load coverage industries they feel or, or a high, you know, higher growth rate company that seems stable, they might let it slip up to 35%, growth, coverage, things like that. So there's, there's play in there. And then when you get to the seller note, all of a sudden you have this flexibility of saying I should backup. SBA tends to tie their length of loan to the occupancy. So if you have a five year lease, they want to see another five year option, and then they'll write you a 10 year loan. They just don't like disruption. Oh, sure. So So that's just one of the ways they do that.

Matthias Miller  27:26
In this particular case, it's it's they bought real estate. Last year got rid of real estate, new buildings like that. So I'm guessing they're carrying. I'm gonna guess that load versus assets? I don't know exactly with that. But I'd be surprised with. Well, yeah, I guess I don't know where it's at. I'd be surprised if it's more than

Speaker 1  27:54
80% So do you think he's you think he's paying him? Did he buy the real estate in the company? Well, we don't know what to tell him. He is. So so he could be odds are hopefully he bought the real estate in a different entity. And he's the business entity is paying the real estate entity rent. Yeah. So you could so his selling the business could include selling the real estate. It could also he could keep the real estate and have a little cash flow from rent collection

Unknown Speaker  28:34
with my to dealing with him sure.

Speaker 1  28:36
So then you would then have a lease with him. That's just a basic rent thing you try to get in close to market. If he's super friendly, maybe it's under market. But that that's an expense. So that affects cash flow, obviously but yeah, so then if you get too if you get the seller note all of a sudden you can do a 10 year note with a 30% 30 year amortization with a balloon and 10 years so you can start to play with it so that the payments come down and change so you can get either better cash flow or he can get a little bit better purchase price because there's flexibility in the debt so there's there's a bunch of ways to do that. I

Matthias Miller  29:31
mean, is it is it too late for him to is there need to be history on that is it too late if as part of structuring this then we structure that's about real estate to the business as a business sells deals so to separate obviously

Speaker 1  29:48
now, cuz cuz you're gonna be buying the assets of his business. So I'd say it's, you know, sheds Corp. and he happens to own the real estate in there as well. But what, at the time of your acquisition, what's going to happen is that company is going to sell these assets to your new company. And they move over, he can just retain the real estate and that entity, and then that can write you a lease, you know, because the bulk of what you're buying is goodwill. Right? Which, you know, air. But that's, that is the large portion of business value. Right. So you're getting hard assets, you're getting IP, you're getting customer lists, you're getting this that the other customer lists are actually part. Yeah, customer lists are actually part of goodwill, my bleeding off. And, and then well, yeah, there's a there's a big old tax case that someone argued and won. And got it got it moved out separately, when he sold because it was a lower tax rate. It was really interesting is pretty crazy case, but it worked. So yeah, so that is it in your state? Is it in Colorado?

Unknown Speaker  31:25
Yeah. Okay. Okay.

Speaker 1  31:30
Cuz really one of the things, you know, you're gonna want, we're gonna want a small biz m&a attorney in state, and probably a CPA has done enough transactions in state, that's why that's why like, sometimes, you know, out of state guys, you know, their state issues, you have to look at just the pros do, you know, but there's, there's plenty out there. I'm not worried about that part. But it's, there's just things like, you know, each state handles employment tax and sales tax and all these things differently. So you got to make sure like what one of them PA, maybe both can actually jump the corporate veil, or the change. So like, say a sales tax problem can change it to a new entity, kind of stuff. And so you just want people that, you know, experience in state for that stuff. Yeah, so I can dig and get all the

Matthias Miller  32:55
dorms, Melissa. Melissa also mentioned the possibility of I don't know whether I want to disclose that there's another party involved. Because he mentioned that we could form we form an LLC, and have the sign, like signed confidentiality on behalf of the LLC. Yeah, so get access as a partner if I don't want to disclose his involvement.

Speaker 1  33:25
Yeah, you can. Eventually. You want to not want it out. But I mean, unless it's like a deal, killer kind of thing. Or they're like, mortal enemies. But, but to be fair, trying to just make a picture or NDA in our head so often, it'll say, representatives, advisors. Investors, right. So like, if you came in with a pure, limited partnership, they're not going to know who the limited partners are. You know, funding a deal, things like that. So. So I think leaping that, yeah, it's certainly it should be easy to say, look, I'm spirit I don't know who my partners are, will be necessarily yet. And XYZ, you know, if you could say, hey, look, there's no active competitor. You know, that Mike? Yeah, right. Comfort. That's,

Unknown Speaker  34:34
that's fair.

Speaker 1  34:35
Yeah. Don't worry about that. Yeah, I mean, we even had the worst violation attempt we ever had was union goons posing as buyers, to look at businesses that were not union shops. We added Nick, I caught. I mean, it was it was not. Or like what that? Yeah, it was because we sold a large industrial HVAC company that is non union shop because it wasn't Delaware wasn't originally. And at least one attentive not to like a union rep posing as a buyer, which is actually a cry. But that's a whole nother problem.

Unknown Speaker  35:29
The brain, because

Speaker 1  35:30
it falls under falls on your male friends. I mean, we had another one that was like there, there are people that go around to do these little deals, and they get confidence and they get people to transfer accounts, pre closing and all sorts of things. And we had that guy and my partner caught them as it was going because there's gone great, you know, they have like an LLC out of wherever, and he said something, this buyer said something to our seller. And she almost did it. But then she just kind of in talking check with my partner on something. And he's like, whoa, stop. He's like, What the hell's going on? Here, we killed the deal. Without really explaining to the seller, like we didn't have this great concrete reason we couldn't find the path. But we just knew it was wrong. We killed the deal. They were pissed at us forever. Three months later, I get a call from the FBI and the US Postal special and spirit inspectors and they want to come by. That's it. All right, great. Come on by and have a We found your name in a database of a laptop seized for evidence. Here's what they've been doing all over the place, are like holy shit. So because they had our spreadsheets or something. So I said, Look, here's everything. Here's our database, go go for it. said here's the other gave us this list. Here's the other names they use. Who's crazy? And we gave them our seller. They went and interviewed the seller. And they told her face it. They saved you hundreds of 1000s of dollars. Like because they're rolling? No. Yeah. They said no, they saved your ass. And said no, they may not know why at the time, specifically, but their gut was right. And they saved your ass. Because they they were doing the same thing to an HVAC company. Now plumbing in New Jersey, and that's when the FBI finally caught up to in a mail fraud because it was all by email.

Unknown Speaker  37:40
There's nothing

Speaker 1  37:43
it's not you're like, dodged that bullet. Or yeah, we just we look back and laugh one day, because I'm like, yeah, come on in. And I'm like, what? What's up? I hope I didn't do anything. Like, no, we need your help. Like, dang, that is the weirdest thing. Yeah, that's that's our they were they had a deal in place. So yeah, so there's a lot of nonsense out there. But yeah yeah, I I'll make some notes up and I'll send you some forms that you can mess with just a guy you're gonna have a basic consultant for him that you can probably consult an NDA that we use the still kind of use it that is just real simple like hey, it's just to open up this discussion. So you're free, comfortable talking to me, etc, etc. and I'll send you a sample of what the m&a shop uses for buyer inquiries, you know, that they have to sign first sort of some amalgamation there of you can probably get pretty close. And get them a comfort level. And then

Unknown Speaker  39:19
kind of go from there. Yeah. Yeah,

Speaker 1  39:22
I mean, yeah, expectations is your first thing to just discuss. Yeah. When what? How much? And if he says, he may not know any of those things. Yeah, I'll make I'll make these notes and shoot him over to to this

Matthias Miller  39:44
has been tremendously helpful. I appreciate it. I've got goodness, your direction we'll get probably the biggest thing would be your confidentiality and didn't have to together in order to the financial like said yeah. And actually know, people that general or even in the same universe? Yeah.

Speaker 1  40:08
Yeah, same same ballpark, you know, because you know, it and the post sale question to like, you flipping me the keys and I never see again. Are you this? Are you that you know, is that his expectation because that doesn't happen, by the way was hit by a bus after injury the keys it's there's got to be some transition so yeah entity type Okay. Yep. All right. Oh yeah, I had one question for you. Because I figured you're very good at this with client interaction. What do you how do you track like workflows? And things like guys or tool you use? Or do you just create it yourself? I saw it is for value prop for interactions going forward, I'm trying to limit scope creep. And also remind them of like, Hey, you said this, and you did this. So I mean, I have like a developing like a note process, things like that. And then also within the our interactions. They're recorded, there'll be transcript. And there's specific questions that will put to like management teams like, part of it is for the guarantee work we're doing with John, to build John McGee. But it's easy to say, Hey, if you were to fix this, what do you think that means? You know, and we want people to say those things in front of the owner out loud. But But then that brought me to kind of workflow like to manage that interaction. I didn't know if you had a way is like there did.

Matthias Miller  41:52
So I mean, just so one of the things that I that we put together. The my project manager, I'm not sure if this is what you're after, for sure. But it's a hodgepodge. And I put together was was kind of a template project plan. So what are your what does success look like? How do we track that? And I could, if you shoot me an email, I can get your copy of that back over to you. Okay, you could, you can take a look at that. And then I don't do, I'm not as good at this as I should. But uh I also

Matthias Miller  42:36
just also trying to be one of the things that I've done on my last contract that I really liked, it was just straight up. Here is the resources at your disposal. So you can you can have this much of my times. Okay, and then we'll negotiate within that. And then what's priority? And then it becomes this or that question. So, one of our clients has been notorious for budget overruns. And we do build on kind of materials, but it's not good for the client relationship. You don't want him to wake up one morning, and we spent 10k with you guys last year, what were you thinking? And we didn't want to spend that much with you guys. Or whatever the number might be. And so yeah, with that, it's just, well, what do you want to have done? And then we say, well, we can do this, but not that. And we'll do the top. We can't we can do the top two, but not the top four. Right. So we're gonna do the top two. So that's what's important. I got a colleague who's he's, he's it'd be great guy, you know, kind of engineering background, grouchy, but, you know, kind of the guy who doesn't mind making other people make hard decisions, you know, I can't do that and which would be less all that kind of stuff. So yeah, he's been he's been good in that in that way. I mean, he seems great with clients. So forgive me wrong, but he's very confident that you just have to work a lot. Especially on steel. And then and then also just having an awareness

Unknown Speaker  44:18
especially if you're very customer service minded.

Matthias Miller  44:23
Like Jose and myself, for myself with this, learn to the learning bring this to say no, it's like, or like either work. Right? It's acting that but having somebody on your team now, for me, it's been a lot of getting it into your heads that yes, it's possible but there's a trade off. So yeah. As well, but it's going to be an extra fee for it. He's going to be next month, or we're not going to do this. And just looking for that trade off.

Speaker 1  45:07
Yeah, now we're in that same spot now. So it's

Matthias Miller  45:14
that's the other thing. The other thing I've been working on has been kind of like, project management OS, that works for me. And so we use clickup. Specifically, other folks use Monday as thought, I don't know that it really matters. If you if you have somebody who knows, really well. I think that's that's a huge boost of experience in project management, but then just managing managing projects, managing paths, former client projects, we have, you know, it's probably two dozen different different things that we're needing to chase down and half a dozen different different owners of stuff and putting all that in a property management system. And then we've got cadences where she and I will go over some of this stuff, and look over some of this stuff, and, you know, update it, but then we also get stakeholders for project owners are just different task owners really on the call, and just go through and an update and, and have stakeholders in the call and, okay, what's the priority of this? What's the priority of that? Where's this add this now in your court, and use this as a central hub for communication and it just made it easy to it takes about an hour a week, half an hour to an hour a week? So it's, that's get to be an expensive call. But as far as getting people on the same page, like, yeah, like, there's no question about I mean, it just, it clears them so much stuff. Yeah,

Speaker 1  46:52
it's, it's worth it. Because it's, oh, my son will be helping us actually, with. He's a designer in marketing, but he's also he's good at managing projects, just from experience. So when I, okay, you'll keep us on task. And if I can tie that to the communication back to the client, and the clients team for for the interactions and accountability. Because then that'll also be like reminding them of the wins, you know, that they had and that's the hardest part when you're know when when it becomes like a longer term relationship. You know, they forget what you did for you, what you did for them. And you feel like you're in defense mode, defending your retainers, or the next fee or whatever. So all right. I'll let you get to your thing. And I'll shoot you an email.

Unknown Speaker  47:50
All right, sounds good. If

Unknown Speaker  47:51
you want to, and

Matthias Miller  47:54
you can shoot me an email asking for the project plan would be helpful. Couple of would be if you don't mind shooting an email. No. Okay. Yeah,

Speaker 1  48:02
I'll do that ever. Okay, yeah, we'll do that. All right. Cool. All right. Hope your event goes alright. Talk to you sounds good appreciate it.

Matthias Miller  49:10
I have a Zoom meeting that I just completed with Frank.

Matthias Miller  49:19
I have a Zoom meeting that I just completed with Frank

Speaker 4  53:41
Trinidad Wow wow wow go I don't know

Speaker 4  53:52
I just literally texted Laurie now I think we should do something else your wedding coming up in a couple of months decent reached Yeah See ya couple of people looking for new thing there's so much of opposition this political public speaking is

Matthias Miller  54:22
consistently like even stuff like this or even sometimes especially like it was just like I knew something was gonna blow up the week before I was like okay, it's gonna be here the whole is fine

Unknown Speaker  54:44
right

Unknown Speaker  54:50
you ever wonder if the devil cares more about

Unknown Speaker  54:53
practical things of life

Unknown Speaker  54:58
we get so confused that our It's like

Unknown Speaker  55:07
why do you think well yeah that's fine like people

Unknown Speaker  55:17
miss the Rich Dad Poor she has important

Speaker 4  55:24
getting to go through to Columbus and some flight boarding to see oh so if you don't like the whole question what do I do patching a flag and then evening video got her bag

Unknown Speaker  56:01
coming in and halfway through one of the kids

Unknown Speaker  56:04
ever kept breaking in the road

Unknown Speaker  56:17
naughty

Unknown Speaker  56:19
ritualized Come on

Speaker 2  56:21
Why is my point was delayed right they had to fix the break in the break I fix my wife I was like what stop eventually come on guys like

Unknown Speaker  56:33
how bad can it be

Unknown Speaker  56:35
out there like the brakes work we did stop Gary exactly

Unknown Speaker  56:47
no

Speaker 2  56:52
I tried I lost them a couple of weeks ago and drove me crazy and I put them

Speaker 3  56:59
back home and I had the beats many of your parents are listening not so much

Unknown Speaker  57:09
to talk What have you done to me once heavy is not yet

Unknown Speaker  57:25
those well to recognize?

Speaker 4  59:57
Buddy What's up messenger messenger and messenger method monetize in third grade

Unknown Speaker  1:00:22
no different but if you don't have the right method and the average person suffer they don't understand what wealthy people pose to senior management so essentially the spoken leadership there is a difference between how poor people suffer financially poor support and how the

Speaker 4  1:00:58
rich poor people What do you mean these guys are struggling kids on drugs keep an overdose these people are suffering there but you've got to learn how to talk to them you've got to learn that how to breach that because they stop and they can't but if you can one took a

Unknown Speaker  1:01:29
couple of people present so this is kind of the angular plus to be

Unknown Speaker  1:01:48
interesting

Unknown Speaker  1:01:57
wonderful advice

Matthias Miller  1:02:19
Well I've been following this marketing guy but he's a Perry Marshall and he comes around and says there's this guy Melvin and you can't really put words to what he is but everybody should experience some type of like okay, assets

Speaker 2  1:02:37
and so I remember I was walking down the road one time and getting called back and

Unknown Speaker  1:02:44
whiteboard session

Speaker 5  1:02:50
like I don't know what it was at that time

Speaker 2  1:03:02
like we got no yeah, that was how we that's how we ended Alex

Speaker 3  1:03:13
we started together and then when we get activated definitely want to get off with it? Yeah. Yep seven years

Speaker 4  1:03:34
Yep, definitely way before COVID Yeah

Unknown Speaker  1:03:43
yeah, call it's been 140

Unknown Speaker  1:03:45
No. Let's have a chat for but you have a look back from my first email from you that'll be really good you got me curious enough so how did you actually find out about Melbourne?

Speaker 3  1:04:08
Indoor here the church actually went out to eat a great conversation in the parking lot about Melbourne a great story I know there's a lot more to it. There's a little you know, little time we're eating man and you know, school to see what you're doing all around. You got connected with vague and crazy rarity situation.

Speaker 4  1:04:42
You got no clue who this guy is like no cloaking. Let him tell you probably competition because you're from a different state. Anyways

Speaker 3  1:04:58
I would go out of state I play football here this is my church my church in the league last couple of years free agent right now but you know my parents you know they're they're definitely a tremendous they've had a tremendous impact on me still to this day

Unknown Speaker  1:05:30
recently

Unknown Speaker  1:05:38
that's really very junior high school students in their college version you know there's usually more than half of people follow it

Speaker 3  1:05:54
pretty sad you know so gonna be used my platform and very smart Good night

Unknown Speaker  1:06:16
haven't been around the right people with the right community growth life so I was still a bit younger than a lot more experiences through experience

Speaker 4  1:07:02
couldn't make it today Misty was important she went to the airport at 3am yesterday to chat with flights to keep the bag to just before she bought it the same story but your bags are gone to Columbus catching a flight tonight

Speaker 4  1:07:29
so they kind of thought they're not but they're gonna be here tonight. Tomorrow and then

Matthias Miller  1:07:39
oh yeah, so they had to I got to the airport I'm going to my flight you gotta check my flight was delayed it was like fine and I actually had stopped to chat with the guy Starbucks when I was on the way to the airport and chatting with him longer because like I delayed so I had up their flights delayed and get there you know we're supposed to bore and they're like oh sorry guys. I still can't go we had to change the brakes on the plane. I texted my wife this it'll stop eventually. So but they did so we had to change take whole tire off a bigger deal

Matthias Miller  1:08:23
we couldn't board the plane because it was like jacked up like it just wasn't gonna be stable or anything like that was like

Matthias Miller  1:08:36
Yeah, so basically it was I don't even know what it was it's probably total flight delay was really about an hour and a half two hours like that.

Speaker 4  1:08:45
It's always interesting when you're coming to do something for the Lord entering into your calling, I never thought public speaking

Unknown Speaker  1:08:59
could cause so much interesting life so well then we want to do what have you open up the Lord

Unknown Speaker  1:09:17
all the doors

Speaker 4  1:09:25
will stay unlocked right now for the power of your own way the blood of Jesus is wash over. Over every we bite rapidly we covered in this book the work of you really seen them over our lives and we know that we carry about Do something in our lives and our purpose and our calling

Unknown Speaker  1:10:26
more

Unknown Speaker  1:10:37
gambling I

Unknown Speaker  1:10:48
know

Speaker 4  1:10:56
Lord Jesus I proclaim Your mighty name and your your polish of course today today I look at my Hebrew and you didn't know who

Unknown Speaker  1:11:25
I am next game I do every waking vote you have been waiting so long you are now going to learn something how to move at the watch department so

Unknown Speaker  1:12:13
you can and unwanted is a phrase of a woman that can tear down

Speaker 4  1:12:22
and Jezebel is hitting you in your headaches. I see that dust is coming at your brain from different places that will take right now in the name of Jesus Father your mighty name you

Speaker 4  1:12:41
don't Jesus spirit of Jezebel and Papa Leah and Delilah has been when I see you were calling you out. And so today I pray in the name of Jesus that the power of the Holy Spirit come up to me. Will you be out? I forgot to do that

Unknown Speaker  1:13:15
I'm not playing

Speaker 4  1:13:15
I think like fire. I think like I believe every time I speak I didn't walk with

Speaker 6  1:13:23
fire I worked with navies by name it's fine.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:28
I'm not afraid of that.

Speaker 6  1:13:29
I am not afraid to be tormented. I'm not going to be anybody

Speaker 4  1:13:34
on my team. anybody in my family anybody? Anybody at all or anybody.

Speaker 6  1:13:41
Nobody's gonna I have seen that. The father has been recognized and recognized you will not you will not write anymore you come with a few lines you come with me I am not a child, not a child. I have a 30 Take my authority whether I take my

Unknown Speaker  1:14:07
name of a woman that irritated

Unknown Speaker  1:14:16
my binder

Speaker 4  1:14:26
is a feminine spirit and said You Lord Jesus, I bind the spirit of July.

Speaker 6  1:14:31
Lord Jesus I bind the spirit and Delilah. I

Speaker 4  1:14:36
know I know it's more family I know.

Speaker 6  1:14:42
But if it's spirit that way to remember Samson and Delilah.

Speaker 4  1:14:56
It and I know how much I love it. But it Because

Speaker 6  1:15:03
once you find, Lord, I bind the Spirit community that's term and they rely on it is reliant on the loved one, and this loved one and father and father, I will not be, I will not be parented and I say, to my loved one and I say to my loved one, that you will not comment, you will not determine what you have right now I

Speaker 4  1:15:28
take authority over, I take a 30 of you are not my boss, you're

Speaker 6  1:15:32
not my boss. I bind I bind to your stamp the name of the name and department. Yeah, split up Delilah. Period of the sidelines you will not you will not

Speaker 4  1:15:47
Jesus. Thank You, Father, God, Lord.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:55
Jesus, I release here.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:00
Father, Panda and Angel.

Speaker 6  1:16:03
Angels are set to serve the service according to the book, according to the book, the parent, now angels, now Angel, hello, God, and do and do what you have to do what you have to do. And

Speaker 4  1:16:22
thank you. I am the founder and great joy of the Lord is my desire the Lord, when I don't feel joy, when I'm still buying a home, I'm powerful, but the devil wants to rub off my job. But the

Speaker 6  1:16:37
devil wants to rob me and I will not allow and I will not allow it. The

Unknown Speaker  1:16:41
joy of the Lord is my strength, that joy. The joy of the Lord

Speaker 4  1:16:53
thank You for another part that we just released now the power of God upon you. We release the holiday has been stolen from you. We bring that to Hana in your household. Bye right now in the name of Jesus. Configure the Lord Jesus. I'm taking that the HANA

Unknown Speaker  1:17:12
Lord Jesus and taking that in

Speaker 4  1:17:15
my house, you might have my business and in my life and in my life. I'm done with this. I'm done with them. Now Jesus, can I take the authority in Jesus name I think the attorney I am not going to be usurped. I'm not going to be in Jesus name. Father, we just call system power of God and the Holy Spirit come upon you and fill you with power right now. The Holy Spirit takeover Holy Spirit takeover. Holy Spirit filming and strengthening gentlemen in Jesus Name Jesus playing I am done with my pity party and not my

Unknown Speaker  1:17:52
fight. I'ma play with Jesus. Hallelujah, Jesus

Speaker 4  1:18:04
thank you for the cell phone. Thank you. Now for the God, the precious metal the power of the Holy Spirit Phillips Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, father that he will be known worldwide. You have a worldwide unknown team. You have a worldwide ministry, upon you. In the name of Jesus, you have walked in a world of impurity and you've tried your best to remain pure. God says He has blessed you with a pure heart. There is such purity in part of you in the name of Jesus of Father God. Because of that God says his words as you are Blessed are the pure of heart for us because the Holy Spirit

Unknown Speaker  1:18:50
Thank you. Thank you the man

Speaker 4  1:19:04
we're announcing as shocking. Kingdom, technology, my life. I will break the spirit of poverty. Wherever I go, wherever I go, I will break the spirit of impurity wherever I go. I will free young men women from the bondage of Satan or to break the power of the Holy Father give me a powerful voice. A voice of thunder

Unknown Speaker  1:19:44
was a thunder in case

Speaker 4  1:19:48
I will not now wrong that. I am leaving here. I'm leaving here with the role of Jesus Palin. Do ya? Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Thank you for the break. Thank you Father God, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Holy Spirit. Thank you, Father for the Yes, yes. Yes, Lord, Yes, God, you are leaving. Yeah, with every ounce of your past every ounce of religion, every ounce of guilt and shame and every ounce of the bondage of your childhood thought, you are going to be totally free. When you leave here. Here's what you have lost. Your voice was stolen even before you were born. God had given you a voice of a trumpet, but the way you were brought up by your parents, it has stifled your voice, your your entire culture, your entire environment, and killed your voice. You are here to get your trumpet back, and voice of a trumpet in the name of Jesus, Father, God. Lord Jesus released the trumpet. The trumpet, released the trumpet. I'm done being a nice timid man, Trump trumpet, trumpet up the Lord, the name of Jesus, I want my voice back. I have come to fight and get my voice back. Hallelujah. Thank you for the gods. You know, voice of a trumpet. That's what the devil fears the most. This is everything in your upbringing, and come to not just stop the voice, but the voice inside of you. And that trumpet is going to shake your family and generation and the people within your upbringing are going to be shaken by the voice of the trumpet of God in Jesus

Unknown Speaker  1:22:00
of the life

Speaker 4  1:22:05
that you're watching powerful, your voices. Kind of keep that mentally that will always go into what I saying it is. That's what the devil wants to destroy the most inside of you individually. So what you must do, just do the very thing told you must blow the trumpet. You must roll and you must powerfully speak In Jesus mighty name thank you for the prayers. For we shall Lord God for the for the voice of Yeah. Yes. So the voice that God is given is like is stored it Wyatt. You've got a wild horse while your voice is wild, untamed. So today, I break every chain that I've tried to aim you ever since you are a child today, The Wild One comes your way, a wild woman, a wild voice in Jesus name, that the wildness of the voice that God has given you in Jesus name. So what that witch did to you today? I release it. I will leave you and your ministry in Jesus name. Thank you for that devil hates you taking the platform

Speaker 4  1:23:46
this is this is the table

Unknown Speaker  1:23:57
we were all committees of preaching that we were invited

Speaker 7  1:23:59
to come to. I think the gentleman asked me to share a little bit. I had people there. And they shared it and I came back and I sat down and after I shared the people were like on their knees weeping before God. And I came and I set the stage. Yeah,

Speaker 4  1:24:23
it was Michelle was a child she was called to preach the gospel. And when we married Funny enough, I teach people how to speak and preaching. And so she came into the fullness. All of a sudden whenever I preached, people will ask her to preach is know that when I preach people are laughing and like let's go conquer the world. Right? When Michelle preached, people hit the floor and they're facing weeping groan then passes or on the one hit the floss. God had given her that ability that calling to speak, and to break all that shame and a pain from men and women I've got traveling around the world preaching ministry. And don't happen that my wife to preach in Florida. So I did my preaching, I did my thing. And Michelle goes onto the platform. And she starts to pretend it is possible that crying, and they falling on the floor grown past. All of a sudden, I could see Michelle's face is changed the confusion of faces of red, and something he'd heard

Speaker 7  1:25:37
you Yeah. And I was giving him like a really horrible headache, like my head was throbbing but like, I was so overwhelmed by what was going on in that atmosphere and the people that I just, I just sat there and cried, parcel the end of the day, partially because I was just moved by what God had just done. And then so the beam is over, and I go into the ladies restroom, and this lady follows me. And she like, kind of almost like traps me in against this one stall. And she's just, she's not saying anything bad, but she's like talking to me like him. I know that she's not a good person. And I tried to get out of the restroom, and eventually I'm able to leave. And then the Lord's word later on, you could fill in blank but later on the Lord revealed that that woman, she was the past one of the the pastor of the church, unless she was a witch, and she literally it was like a demonic dark, get my head. And then that's ever since that day. While we were in India, I spoke in India for like a short bit, but ever since that day, really? I haven't. I've never preached like I preached before.

Speaker 4  1:26:52
The following Yeah, yes. Yeah. Michelle had no desire to

Unknown Speaker  1:26:57
Yeah, I mean, now I have this desire back.

Unknown Speaker  1:27:00
Yeah, but it wasn't built

Speaker 7  1:27:03
and run by the events. Yeah, like if the desire is so there, but it's just like it's something it's like I know I don't feel like I have my voice back yet. But the desire is there like burning to preach So praise God for that and oh, we just do that thing to happen you know? Yeah,

Speaker 4  1:27:20
we are here to get our voices back yeah just never forget one thing that devil wants the most is to silence your voice kill your power early in your voice to stop the trumpet. Dr. Rob them I entered parliament so as we go through the day today and tomorrow we're going to learn practical things but don't get drift away from this most important thing the Holy Spirit I'm going to teach and train but the Holy Spirit is gonna quit your voice your voice is your identity. What your voice is like your fingers do you notice that you are recognized? We recognize people by their voices what so go ahead and close your eyes close your eyes

Unknown Speaker  1:28:57
we'll ask you a question shortly

Speaker 4  1:29:12
Do you recognize the song of the boys don't say anything resembling you recognize okay. Okay, this Michael J. How did you know that? Voice so your voice is recognizing your voice is your DNA. Your voice isn't recognized on Earth. The Earth knows your voice. The Heaven knows your voice. The demons know your voice. Dr. David prints a powerful man of God old, said something powerful isn't one of these things was great. And his friend said, Lord, whatever you say, I will do. And then God said to me, no, no, whatever you say, I will do. Whatever you say, God will do pick up that. How do you say with your voice. Jesus said, My sheep know, my boys have got to know that one of the most powerful things that you are is, is more than just an instrument we use to communicate. It's an instrument we use to dominate. It's an instrument we use to activate the angel

Speaker 4  1:31:11
instrument we use to eliminate the enemy

Speaker 4  1:31:25
once again, your voice is used to say this would mean to dominate the day together, my voice is used to dominate, dominate that my voice is used to eliminate the enemy. My voice is used to activate Angel. My voice is more than just an instrument. My voice is a weapon. But my voice is powerful. My my voice you know, we have learned that prayer is powerful. But do you know why a lot of prayer doesn't work? Because we don't know how to use our voice to activate angels. Your voice activated your angel. I was walking on the street in Auckland, New Zealand number of years ago, but 20 years ago. I'm walking on the streets, I get to meet New Zealand. I'm driving my suitcase on the road. And I said this good. Lord Jesus, I will not sneak in that bus. I am going to walk down this road. I am going to meet a girl from South Africa. She's gonna say to me, come on home. My father will take you to his house. And this is where you'll sleep for the night. I'm walking down this road. Five minutes later, this is God walking past each other. You say hello, hello. And she walks around Walk and walk. Excuse me? Are you from South Africa? Yes. I was born in South Africa. She was born 20 minutes away from me in South Africa. She says come on home. And you know what she said I can't stay with Nicola just boyfriend but I'm gonna call my father and use his and I got my grounding in New Zealand. Her name is Chantal and we're still good friends. I am telling you, your trade all you want. You can study all you want. But if you don't know how to release your voice, you must be

Unknown Speaker  1:33:52
your voice from the description is the kind of faster code not to not get

Speaker 4  1:34:03
people free open the pathway. Your voice is the voice of the Scripture excuse me your voice out scripture would have gotten with what do you think?

Speaker 4  1:34:23
How do you shall know how do you say tell me how you will shoot the power of your voice. And this is your weapon. This is your DNA. This is something that I had learned. Which I'm afraid I am not quite when I've got an issue to deal with. Michelle will tell you whether if two three or four more hours in the morning. I use my voice to activate ACF. To eliminate to destroy the power of your voice. How many of you remember the story of King David? Who did he find? In David or David? David fought? Talk to me about that battle. How did David conquer us?

Unknown Speaker  1:35:27
onto the train?

Unknown Speaker  1:35:32
Stick with us

Speaker 3  1:35:37
though don't time cane, and he was part of the promise and he knew that water was going to appeal that promise and this guy's going to teach that thing in a way. So he knew the law, no matter what


Transcribed by https://otter.ai