Speaker 1  00:00
So one thing that I did at Northwestern Mutual is, I had joined the Chamber of Commerce locally, and they would create a publication every year, back then it was printed. And I think they went to digital, or maybe they had both at some point. And I just went through the list, I looked at, like the names of the companies and highlighted the ones that I wanted to get in front of. And then I created what we called a names to feed list. So I might bring in two to five pages with like, different categories and types of businesses and specific people on the list. So those who are the CEO, the CFO, CFO, etc. Put the list in front of my person and say, Okay, who on this list, do you know? And then they would like check them off.

Unknown Speaker  00:53
And then I would start asking questions about them. Okay, tell me about Tom, what do you know about Tom? Is he married is he have kids, etc. Like, you don't need to know those facts, you just need to know about like the business, but just to give you an idea of what those conversations look like.

Speaker 1  01:08
So you don't necessarily need to like, join the chamber. I mean, it wouldn't be a bad thing. Especially like, they're in like, Colorado Springs and stuff. If you guys do have manufacturers, I know that's a little ways from where you actually live. But just trying to think of like a bigger metropolitan area that might have more prospects for you. So or another instance, you could look, excuse me, you can look if there are gonna be like. Okay, so trying to think what it would look like for manufacturing, but for us, it's like trade publications or something. But whenever could John, and so that was more like the food and beverage industry. So he worked with a lot of like wholesalers, some retail grocery stores, things like that. But they would have gatherings regionally and nationwide, for those in that industry. And they would do all kinds of different trainings, some on marketing and other topics. And so there were like directories if you belong to certain organizations like that. So I'm wondering if somewhere there is a manufacturing company directory, is there some type of associations that they there's a part of that somehow supports them with what they do. So there again, that would be a good thing to even just approached Todd to pick his brain about that and let him know like, you know, I've done some work in the manufacturing space, I'm really interested in doing more, here's what I'm looking at doing. And just ask him, like, what's your best advice on how to really get my foot in the door? Within this industry? What are the what are the tradeshow events? What are the associations to belong to? How can I get access to directories? What have names of various different manufacturing companies might be good for me to get in front of? What advice do you have for me? Those are things that again, that first few months in Northwestern Mutual, they had us do with them felt like influencers basically. So in that case, it was Attorneys Offices and things like that, that I could get connected into them through the referral to then ask them for advice. So Todd would be an amazing person to help you do that. And potentially to introduce you to other manufacturers, especially those who aren't competing with him. But just other people that he knows in this space, so totally their talk that's all


Transcribed by https://otter.ai