Matthias Miller  02:04
Drew

Unknown Speaker  02:13
think you're muted

Unknown Speaker  02:22
yeah hello guys trying to multitask more than a man can multitask I think.

Unknown Speaker  03:07
Mark was planning to come on wasn't he?

Matthias Miller  03:10
Yeah, I talked to him so he's planning to be here he just sent me a file over 15 minutes ago so Yeah, still be putting a few things together

Speaker 1  03:32
one thing before he comes on that I would have the vendors invoice when you're creating an end vendors invoice the unactivated GL accounts are still available like I think we had verified that those were not available at one point but we discovered they're open again. So when creating those

Matthias Miller  04:05
we take a look

Matthias Miller  04:17
Is this on the the line items are the non purchase order expenses.

Speaker 1  04:24
The non purchase order it is anyway. Now I don't know why. I wasn't able to. Probably didn't have some of the right field in or something but

Matthias Miller  05:19
I will ping Josh he would be the guy to take a look at that

Unknown Speaker  05:25
Okay

Speaker 1  05:51
another thing that I ran into while setting up the payment types and stuff for the accounting companies and setting up those different payment types only the shed time chart of accounts is available so like I was in I was in affordable barns and the shed time accounts are the ones that came up as options so they might not like

Matthias Miller  06:29
because you need to make sure it's split appropriately between revenue and expenses and somebody should like it

Unknown Speaker  06:44
a me

Matthias Miller  06:56
jump on here all right so this one here is an Ohio earlier one this one first. Oops. So here are the financial allocations. Here's the Ohio one

Matthias Miller  07:19
so I'm seeing ABC accounts here and here

Speaker 1  07:27
oh well go to the other I was under the accounting companies

Speaker 1  07:43
that's where I was going to do it now maybe I was doing it in all the wrong place like maybe that's just

Matthias Miller  07:50
no no field so you were

Speaker 1  07:55
Yeah like in their bank account well world see, I don't know if those are set up yet but what does it have because I also had just entered in Okay, so those bank accounts are there because I had entered those bank accounts weren't weren't showing up either when I just pulled the chart of accounts I just put those in this morning

Matthias Miller  08:37
Did you just create these companies?

Speaker 1  08:40
No Not these companies. But the accounts I just created this morning

Matthias Miller  08:52
here we go

Unknown Speaker  08:58
that's where I was trying to put them in. So payment type and then it should be the account SD but

Matthias Miller  09:11
company payment account I think you're

Matthias Miller  09:24
I think you're intended to enter it in the main marine year.

Speaker 1  09:34
Okay, well, that was that wasn't showing anything for me. Now the only time I could get it to show anything was going to the details.

Matthias Miller  09:44
Oh. Let's see. Okay, so if we go into modifications, take a look and see if we can replicate what you had.

Matthias Miller  10:00
Let's see oh you know oh but I need to let Mark in Mark

Unknown Speaker  10:17
Yeah Okay sounds good

Matthias Miller  10:26
okay so I wonder if we try something so if we go here and we delete this stuff

Speaker 2  10:38
payment types looks like my payment type work is already showing stuff in here

Matthias Miller  10:51
so you did you add these payment types this morning

Speaker 2  10:54
yeah because Josh apparently changed that for the last update and AP people were freaking out because they didn't have any payment types to be able to apply to vendor invoices this morning I was very quickly well okay, let me see if you don't mind real quick let me show you what what I did in so that you kind of know exactly what's happening if you go to the Accounting tab

Speaker 2  11:22
payment types bottom left section there so I am keeping just click just click for all just an adult don't get don't grab just one company just go for all I am keeping the original and then breaking them out like this is that good

Matthias Miller  11:40
and then the original will become inactive and we'll start using the

Speaker 2  11:45
to inactivate the original because the originals is used on different on on certain vendor invoices so I'm breaking out new ones and eventually we'll have the credit cards broken out by by their by their company as well

Matthias Miller  12:07
I mean probably I don't know enough about what's going on but probably

Speaker 2  12:12
so that did so the reason that we went this way is so that we want to we want to be able to tie every credit card account to like every credit card to the correct credit card account from from the the the company's record from the accounting companies record but in order to do that we're going to have a bunch of credit cards so it made sense to break this out into account the payment type out into record so that we can assign them to the actual builder so that we don't like when you're when the bill to is shed time then you only get shut on stuff Yep

Matthias Miller  12:51
So Drew that's basically what happened you looked at this originally before Duane fixed his stuff yeah, they didn't really showed up so I would consider this to be a we've a phrase we use some times Here Be Dragons but the this is a Here Be Dragons button. Not really intended more intended as an advanced Yeah. And then this will be your primary way of setting up

Unknown Speaker  13:30
your mark in with us

Matthias Miller  13:38
all right, well, I had C

Matthias Miller  13:48
so we've got a few things to talk about payroll module updates FTA. reconciliations may need to talk about eight AR handling of financing and stripe. Well, handling of financing need to talk about additional tool sets for doing fancy things with strike transactions that don't throw accounting completely sideways. So I think Mark is there. To me it would make sense to start with anything Dwayne needs to be involved with. I think AR and Stripe are included in that but another place you want to start?

Unknown Speaker  14:36
No, I would agree with you.

Matthias Miller  14:40
So, Dwayne, I think the bottom line is we need to start giving your team tools to do three things. Number one, a split this stripe payment into two line items. Number to move this stripe payment to another sales order.

Matthias Miller  15:05
Yeah. And number three, go process a whole or partial refund for this particular stripe payment.

Speaker 2  15:14
Yeah, because refunds right now are being processed in the stripe portal can usually probably don't get connected up to sales orders.

Matthias Miller  15:22
Exactly. Can we do that?

Speaker 2  15:24
Are you thinking? Are you thinking on refund like that being able to process that from the sales order itself? Or is it still gonna be the same way you just need updated?

Matthias Miller  15:33
Well, I don't know, depends how much bandwidth Joshua has and how fancy we want it to be. I mean, we could just give your team a way to input Wow

Matthias Miller  15:57
What do we want, I do want to have them input that and figure out how many what the what the fee was associated, I mean, outside ugly, it is ugly, I would prefer if Josh's capacity, I would prefer to just have a way to pop it open and we have the original payment ID and I think that's how stripe thinks about it. You're refunding against a prior payment. Yeah. And so that's my preference and Josh may push back against against that because of capacity but that'd be my preference

Speaker 3  16:34
when what's the when do we issue refunds? Or what are the that's a pretty basic question but like from a process like what information how does how will Dwayne's office know to issue a refund in what amount?

Speaker 2  16:57
Well, Mark here's here's a typical scenario. There have been times where a dealer goes to process a credit card in the whisky portal and for whatever reason the Trent the transaction happens stripe makes a transaction but whiskey portal didn't see it for some reason. And so then they try it again and they try it again and try it again and they end up with $3,000 being charged to the customer when it was only supposed to be 1000 So then we got to go back in and cancel or you know refund or cancel that now in that situation it's not I don't know how we were going to handle some of that kind of situation inside of CES but those that's a that's a fairly common or somewhat common not fairly common, somewhat common scenario. And then there's other times where Oh, what are some other reasons that we've done refunds before canceled or yeah canceled order would be one where the customer cancels the order and says actually I don't want the building after all we have to return to the credit card transaction

Speaker 3  18:06
what happens then the dealer says hey customer canceled send him his money refund his money. Yeah, that's great. So are those two the most typical scenarios

Speaker 2  18:23
there's another scenario where let's say for example, the customer ordered ramps that the driver forgot to put them on or the building or it didn't fit when they got there and so the customer is like oh just refund me the ramps and so you know, we refund a certain amount

Unknown Speaker  18:45
Okay, that makes sense.

Speaker 3  18:55
Matthias How are you thinking that this would change from from what's being done currently?

Matthias Miller  19:06
Well currently what's happening is the members are going literally into the Stripe account and making changes or issuing those refunds

Matthias Miller  19:23
I'm very nervous about any entry level person making changes to these manually input putting some of this stuff to record it, but if if we know that so I guess sorry, let me let me lay it out in options. So, for some of these basic, you know, common tasks like we want to split apart in RTA or a payment. Sorry, let me let me ask one other question. Shouldn't first, Dwayne, why can you explain to me why we have to split a payment into two like, we're kind of shipping.

Speaker 2  20:13
So there is a reason for it is that shipping is paid directly. It's not part of the RTO contract. And so therefore, the down payment of that RTO contract goes to the RTO, company shipping goes directly to the manufacturer. So in order to reflect that properly, because it when they check that building out, it doesn't itemize it that way, it just it doesn't want a lump sum transaction, for both the shipping and the RTO down payment, but the RTO coming to get to peace, or needs that for part of their records, and the builder needs the the shipping piece broken off as part of their reference.

Matthias Miller  21:00
So

Speaker 3  21:01
why are we Why is it system limitations that the RTO portion, not the while the portion that goes to Cricut valet, that that doesn't go directly to their credit card account

Unknown Speaker  21:26
are the ones.

Speaker 3  21:34
So basically, what happens is customer comes in orders a building on RTO. And his first month's payment is $600. And then shipping is $250. So the builder collects at 250 600 eventually goes to the audio company, what why don't we send that 600 directly to the RTO. Company? Is it system limitations that don't allow us to do that?

Speaker 2  22:00
I mean, yeah, that's what that's what's been. I mean, we've never tied in an RTO companies credit card processor, if you will, and said based on check out, it being an RTO company that we have never, we haven't ever addressed that kind of an issue before.

Speaker 3  22:19
Because Am I correct, then what happens after that is? Okay, so what happens then beyond that, if the RPO company pays the bill or the full retail price, say $6,000? Do they pay? Is that in front? Do they pay the bill or 6000? Minus the 600? Do they pay the full 6000? And then the 600? Is Bill sent sense that to the RTO company do you know?

Speaker 2  22:47
So currently, the RTO company is paying the building price minus the down payment minus 600. In your in your scenario? The issue is, I think from the RTO people side, they're trying to figure out exactly what was shipping and what was what was down payment. And so they go split it apart just for visibility. Now, it may be that we can work with Leanne, and and Heather, who's doing the processing of that to say, Can we leave the payment alone? And maybe making notations? I don't know, but I need to talk to Leanne about that and see if we can handle that differently. There's the builder gets all the money at time of collection. And the RTO company just pays the difference, minus the shipping.

Speaker 3  23:34
But what happens if the if the customer pays with cheque or cash? Does it then like a cheque? Do they write that out to the RTO? Company?

Unknown Speaker  23:46
No, it's still handled the same way.

Speaker 3  23:50
So all down payments, the initial down payment and all RTO contracts goes to the builder. That's right. And is that the way it? I mean, is that ideal? Is that the way it should be? Or should we is it something where to figure out a better process?

Speaker 2  24:16
Well, I mean, we probably could figure out a better process. It's an easy process at this point. It's causing hiccups for you because I think for for Ian. Hang on one sec, Leanne. Are you off the phone? You want to come and be a part of this discussion? Because I think you might have some value to bring to this conversation. Yes, so it's this this. Heather has been taking transactions that are down payment and shipping for RTO. And in the payment section, she's splitting them apart

Speaker 4  24:52
because we need to be able to identify that for Paul when he looks at that record so that he understands why we're not sending. We're not crediting Have that format?

Speaker 2  25:01
Is there another way we could do it? Because it's causing havoc in the accounting side? Like if we could do it as a notation part or in some other way, then it would be it would be

Speaker 4  25:14
just you're just so what's typically happening as the RTL contract does not reflect the same downpayment, right. And so in order to make it so that people who are lower level entering the contracts, don't freak out and think they should be applying the whole thing, and then putting that in the, like, deposit account. I had her she's much more detailed, break it out, so that you can see those that they were two different things that this was for the RTL and this was for something else. Otherwise, we typically have somebody as young as Francine who just thinks that will the customer paid this, so I need to make sure that I reflected on their account. I mean, yes, we could do it in notes, I have not sure it's gonna be as visible How is it any different than when we run multiple payments? Just because you're

Speaker 2  26:08
because it's a single payment? So the credit in the case of a credit card transaction, that credit card transaction gotcha is it's it's getting split apart, which causes other issues from from a tracking of shows for credit card transactions, etc.

Unknown Speaker  26:26
In disasters do and notes. That's fine.

Speaker 2  26:28
Yeah. But are you using the the invoice forcing for off of the off of the sales order record, so you're using that invoice section but to send a ball for to invoice that and that probably reflects those payments and that's the other reason you're splitting that apart. That would be the reasons you tracking all that with us.

Matthias Miller  26:49
So we're sending a report that has what's not a report there's

Speaker 2  26:53
if you go to just do a PDF of invoice there's any any contract that has a RTO attached to it under the rent to own info, there is a a invoice to the to the rent to own company that's there that basically looks exactly almost like a regular sales order. And they were splitting those so that you can see what's one were for shipping and which ones were for. for down payment.

Matthias Miller  27:20
info in here,

Speaker 2  27:24
up at the top there, up at the top. Right there are to a vendor invoice, bottom left of that section.

Matthias Miller  27:32
There we go. Thank you. Okay, so and then here credit card payment right, and you're wanting this to reflect I mean, this would then ultimately show credit card payment on 922 for you know, one amount. I mean, this one doesn't have shipping. So we would ideally do is let's go find one. So shipping

Matthias Miller  28:08
what's the shipping day so shipping? Alright, so if we go with this guy, that's a quote no payments, let's do a new house. Now. It's still a quote this guy, haha.

Matthias Miller  28:36
This guy case we got? We have two payments, regardless, I'm not sure. They don't seem to directly correlate with.

Speaker 2  28:49
No, it doesn't directly correlate. So it doesn't really reflect on that sales or

Matthias Miller  28:54
I have to go back and find and probably if I go back in my reports and find older one, but that's the basic idea we want to we want to be able to see on that payment.

Matthias Miller  29:08
I mean, if we give you the capability of splitting, it's weird. I'm not particularly a huge fan from the accounting side. But we can have multiple payment ideas in multiple payments in there with the same stripe payment ID. We don't really the thing I kind of dread on the accounting side is we don't really have a good way to make sure that those numbers stay in sync and that that people are tinkering with these things that they actually you don't adjust.

Speaker 2  29:38
So here's a crazy idea. What if we, what if we did a I don't know an RG for RTO payment stuff that that they can go off and do whatever they want to do split wise it has no impact on accounting. And we will reflect it only on the sales order for to the RTO vendor. And you I mean then they can They can do whatever they want over there in that thing, and don't touch the payment record, tie that. Tie that transactional information into the, the RTO vendor sales order thing. And like automatically it from from a sales order standpoint, or from a payment from a sales order record standpoint, it imported information into both. Like, when you check out that building, it's going to import the payments that were made both into the regular payments section and into the RTO section. And then whatever they decide to do with that thing and split it apart over there, it doesn't really like it affects nobody but the RTO people. I would be a I don't know, it kind of crazy way to handle it

Unknown Speaker  30:51
sounds like we're trying to separate people from with the software. I think we just

Speaker 2  30:54
Well, we I mean, we are solving a people problem, but at the same time,

Speaker 4  30:58
we can retrain. That's, I mean, from an accounting perspective. If I was the accountant, I'd be like, please don't do that up to this point. We haven't. This hasn't been accounting, right, which so it didn't feel like really mattered. But

Unknown Speaker  31:12
it's you want to retrain instead of instead of rebuild. Instead of build something.

Speaker 4  31:17
If it was me, I would want to be retrained. So I will do what I would want them to me.

Speaker 2  31:21
Alright, Leanne says we'll retrain? Okay,

Matthias Miller  31:25
well, then, here's my offer back to you, because of your feeling quite generous today is the you know, the pattern that works extremely well is go find a manual process. And we don't care how poke your eyes out difficult and boring and tedious and obnoxious it is. And we go figure that out. And then we figure out a way way to make it easier. So if you retrain, and you come back and you say, hey, it would be helpful if we had field X, Y, or Z, or this other part of the process can be made easier. We can 100% come back and take a look at that later. Good. Thank you.

Speaker 3  32:01
Now I'm on the accounting. Can we talk about accounting transactions just for a little bit, just to make sure that this is all we're thinking about this correctly? If Okay, so in the example, I've given 6000, I think total sales $6,000 a $600. Down payment. So to keep it simple, let's assume the building has already been delivered an invoice. So 6000 minus 600, would leave a balance and unpaid balance in AR 5400. Right, I mean, if we, that's, that would be the correct way to think about it from the collection site. But how are we going to so the initial 600 came from John Doe. And the final 5400 is going to come from Cricut Valley render shed. Like it's almost like

Speaker 3  33:02
the initial deposit came from one from an accounting perspective from one customer, but we're expecting the remaining 5500 to be paid by another customer. Is that just raining in knowledge that I mean? It seems to me that could be confusing, but I'm curious Dwayne Lian, or, but what any of you what what your thoughts are on? Is that nothing to be concerned about?

Speaker 2  33:38
So it sounds to me it sounds to me Mark, like you're saying that when you invoice that building, that there should be a secondary invoice that's generated to the RTO company that becomes a record of its own?

Speaker 3  33:55
Well, I feel I don't really have any questions or solutions here. I'm just trying to make sure I understand number one and two, trying to make so that we end up with a follow up process that that likes reality.

Speaker 2  34:13
Well, okay, so what normally happens is when our RTO people touch that sales order, they go in and they change the bill to information to cricket Valley rent and shed so the ship to information is the customer and that stays the same but then they'll change the bill to information to cricket Valley rent and shed because that's truly what's being built which doesn't necessarily reflect reality to begin with. Because the the initial sales order probably should be for any shipping and the down payment and then there should be a secondary invoice to the to the rent own company probably is what the strict definition is the direction you probably want to go or I'll be it is it is it is it the right solution? I don't know.

Speaker 3  34:57
Well on that Okay, so when we invoice in our to sell Mike says direct Well immediately invoice that to the RTO company should we do that upfront like the bill to the ship to obviously as the customer but then the ship to would be the customer but the bill to should that immediately when we maybe when we create a sales order initially if it's an if it's for an RTO contract then immediately lose the RTO company

Unknown Speaker  35:39
creating a second invoice but

Speaker 3  35:47
the ideal if we could do it with just one invoice and then I guess the next question are there. There's there's no okay with rent to own there's no Hybris like you can't pay half of the building. Oh no, nevermind either rent to own for the entire building or not at all. So

Matthias Miller  36:11
it seems to me like a lot of this can be handled pretty simply with just changing the the AR reports to reflect our some RTO logic. So if it's an RTO if it's an RTO sales order with you no payments, or payments less than the down payment amount plus shipping or whatever that's supposed to be, then it shows up as you're getting collection from the customer. And if it's after that point, it shows up as needing collection from Cricut Valley. And as far as where the payment comes from, ultimately

Matthias Miller  37:01
when I'm assuming there's some kind of process that says let's go look at all our RTO contracts, so this past week, and let's go invoice cricket Valley for them, or do these get sent over one by one.

Speaker 2  37:17
Now they're done some somewhat in batches, they had built an RTO pipeline report that you can see when the building when the sale is when it's built, meant delivered, etc. So Lian doesn't spin up ACH transactions to cricket Valley or to the builder from Greek Valley until the building is built, think delivered. And so and then it's just being applied directly to the same sales order. So is that is that right? When do you actually pay buildings after delivery after delivery?

Unknown Speaker  37:58
Because we had some cancellations?

Matthias Miller  38:06
Maybe I'm thinking too simplistically about it, but and then financing, similarly, it would be one and do those get paid by some kind of ACH transfer? Do all of these RTO plus your loans or your other financing companies get paid via ACH transfer into the pay by cheque? Yeah, they get paid by cheque. So I mean, it's it's basically what you end up doing is saying there's a payment and you go to make your deposit and and I mean, it's not that different than depositing a payment from if a customer paid by cheque. The biggest difference is that the cheque is made you know it's coming from Cricut Valley or the financing company not from the customer. So presumably we want to note that so we need a payee or a sorry payer or we need to know let's see or we need to know that if it's a financing payment then it's yeah who was financing it so we know where it came from. Oh no.

Speaker 3  39:29
Drain on financing. If we take that same building, well, how does goes my ignorance here, but like how does financing work? So if the customer chooses to go with green, green sky or landmark goes with financing? Does financing company feed us financing on its own? Higher $6,000 building? Where does that money come? How's that money paid to the builder? Is it financing company directly to the builder? Is it financing company gives the customer the cash, who then turns around and pays the builder?

Speaker 2  40:16
I am so glad I have Leanne standing right here because she can answer these questions and I can't. All right,

Speaker 4  40:23
so in answer to your question, the first thing that that I want to clarify is that it isn't always the full of financing amount, we do have customers who are coming forward with a portion and financing the remainder. So again, you're gonna see could be payments coming from two different entities. Secondarily, we see both we have the majority of our like green sky or landmark financing, the financier is paying directly to the builder. However, in some cases, such as when they were going with backyard financing, that would be paid out to the customer, they would be approved through us would go to the customer, and then they would pay and it would look just like the customer was paying. In that case, I don't think it really makes any difference. Because it just looks like a customer payment at that point, whether it came from their bank or from landmark or whatever lending agent.

Speaker 3  41:20
But say the collections people if there's an outstanding balance on a on a finance sale, that would be the cost, how will they know

Unknown Speaker  41:32
at that point?

Unknown Speaker  41:34
The backup option?

Speaker 4  41:36
Well, if they didn't finance the entire balance in the building. So I think the bigger question when you're talking about financing is from an accounting perspective, how are we tracking the finance fees right now they're just, they're just coming out of the builders accounts. And they're not being reflected anywhere at all. But those range anywhere from 3% to 12%, of the cost of the building. So that's a that's a significant factor.

Speaker 2  42:05
And that really should be tied into building record as well, as part

Speaker 4  42:08
of that, because what's actually happening in the case of like, for instance, a green sky is that, you know, the financing company is paying them less, whatever their cost is. So if this transaction has a 9%, financing FY, they're going to pay 9% less the balance. And so it's going to look like if you if you match up your records coming in, if we start to read, you know, we build this and we're actually looking at actual income versus record, it's going to have a negative and you're going to have to true that up. Now landmark also does this, when we bring them high quality customers, they will occasionally pay a kickback kind of like the RTO company does. And again, here's another point of every month when I send when I work with the builders to send their premiums for RTO. They always call me and say What's this money for? Because it's not connected to anything. It's not showing up on the records. So the premium should be paid to the building record. Exactly. So I know I just added a couple extra things, but you know, just keep things interesting. Well,

Speaker 3  43:17
we need to account for those in accounting software. You have a cut off time at 115 I believe, right?

Matthias Miller  43:27
I can finagle this a few minutes. I mean, I can. I'm good. I can make a list for another 10 minutes. But it sounds to me like well, I mean, yeah, we have some capacity as far as payments for recognizing, you know, payment fees. I do. I do wonder though, if we need to somewhere in the order process, say how much is being financed.

Speaker 4  43:58
You ran into situations where a customer might be bringing some money of their own forward in financing the balance. Right.

Speaker 2  44:06
Well, so what you're actually what you're implying with is is that we actually handle financing correctly from from from the the whiskey portal side, which we haven't done so far. It's just

Unknown Speaker  44:19
you in five more development?

Unknown Speaker  44:21
Absolutely.

Matthias Miller  44:25
Josh, I mean, go Josh. I mean, okay, well, clearly we know this is the right solution. Handling finance correctly the whiskey by to hit our January 1 deadline, well, or even more for sure. September 30. That's laugh but we do need to prioritize this appropriately. So

Unknown Speaker  44:47
exists in five days.

Matthias Miller  44:51
Josh, Josh has a superhero cape he usually wears but I don't know where it takes him.

Matthias Miller  45:04
So I think likely unless Josh looks at this and says, Oh, yeah, well, that's just stupid simple. I, I wish I kind of doubt he's gonna say, but it could be mistaken. I think we're looking for stopgap solutions. Probably what's going to happen on AR, if a customer's only is financing part of it, we need to just make notes for AR to make sure that they know what's going on. And remember that until the salespeople do let us know, and, you know, fill in the blank.

Unknown Speaker  45:37
As far as entering that was a that was a whole lot of hand waving.

Matthias Miller  45:39
It was a whole lot of hand waving. The I'm just taking, I'm just taking VMs strategy of, of, you know, retraining the the internal accounting type folks and extending it to salespeople, and just assuming it's all gonna work magically Well, oh, well, there's

Speaker 4  46:00
there's one small difference, and that is that the people that I'm working with, I have direct contact with and sales reps tend to be slightly more scattered in some of the more challenging.

Matthias Miller  46:13
hand waving. But, you know, as far as recording, one of the questions, one of the questions that need to have answered from Drew and Mark, as far as the financing fees is, basically does the kickback, get credited to the fee account? Or do you want the kickback to be some other revenue account that says, you know, kickback for being for finding awesome customers?

Unknown Speaker  46:48
How often do we have kickbacks from?

Speaker 4  46:52
That would take the landmark record, and I don't do as much with landmark as I do with green sky green sky never does kickback, but landmark does some. And I would say that it's enough that it's not an outlier situation. But percentage wise, if I was to give a gut call on it, I would say probably 20%. Okay, back up customers that used

Matthias Miller  47:18
I might be

Unknown Speaker  47:19
less generous.

Speaker 3  47:24
Sorry, I didn't quite get the are you asking why I asked the question.

Unknown Speaker  47:28
No, I just said that might be generous. It might be less than that.

Speaker 3  47:33
Well, I think we should handle them the same way as we handle our to Commission's or

Speaker 4  47:42
you mean, just the proper term there?

Speaker 3  47:45
No, no, not ignore that. But what is the what is the from an art to grow? What is the right? Premium? It's a fancy with the different

Speaker 4  47:58
specs. The difference is right now with Winmark. You're seeing those come in and somebody's actually to some extent looking at the record and trying to make a justifying so they're, you're they're taking that landmark income, and they're applying it to the payment record and then having overage. So with RTO, because those are only paid once a month. What that ends up looking like is it looks like this random check for $6,000. And the check is it has itemized out for each of the invoices. But at this point, it's not being tied back to the records now, should it be 100%? Well,

Speaker 2  48:31
if it was tied back to the record, it would no longer be a random check, because then you can say sure on accounts receivable whenever you completing it,

Speaker 4  48:37
all right, but there's no there wasn't anything there to do at this point. So I mean, my suggestion would just be to do away with premiums, but nobody was asking so.

Speaker 3  48:51
Well, so I think the kickbacks from landmark need to be handled the same way as RTL premiums and in that, okay, from somehow we need to tie them out so that each of the invoices zeroes out but from looking at the income statement. They don't do any good if they're tied directly. The only way they'll do any good from a management level decision making is if they have their own account like these so that you can see for the month or for the year how much right on RTO premiums or landmark premiums. And the same goes for like the stripe charges and the the money that like financing keeps back. It sounds like they do the same thing is basically the same thing as stripe, they just short pay and take their butt out right away. Again that the only way that does any good from a management perspective is if it's those who are going to put in like a bank fees and then you can see what stripe costs and has cost so far for the year or landmark or green sky or whatever? It Okay, that's from a. But that still doesn't I can't quite wrap. Okay, I can't quite wrap my mind around how we can achieve both that and make so that each individual invoice zeroes out, for example, if you have a landmark financing for $6,000 and they only pay 5700 Because they they keep back the remaining excels and like how are you going to zero out that? I guess how are you currently

Speaker 4  50:47
it's not being reflected right now, the only times that is is if someone specifically is looking at a record like that, and again, this is usually in one mark cases is going in and putting it in as like a discount when it is a credit. And then as an additional item when it is like just doing it as notes, just literally keying it in. But that's I mean, that's really messy. We need a better option than that.

Speaker 3  51:20
And the only, like, looking at that on an individual invoice you can't make? Yeah, I would agree we need a better option than that you can't make good management decisions. If you see that Wallace, this one cost us 500. And this one cost us 800. I think you need to be able to see it over a period of

Unknown Speaker  51:41
a month or a quarter or whatever. So I'm curious Matthias what? Up? Yeah, what your what do you have some solutions?

Matthias Miller  51:55
Well, I mean, off the top of my head waiting for so we gotta wind this thing down. I got three minutes before I really absolutely have to have to drop off. So bottom line, I think I'd want a little bit more clarity about the exact process for how these get paid do do we get? You know, can we should we be adding in addition to a fee column on the payment should we also have some kind of premium column, financing premium or something like that, so that we could track that if it all gets lumped into the same check, ie, we're charging a 3% fee, but we're giving you a point, you know, two 5%, kickback or whatever the kickback ends up being. So that'd be question one. And question two, I think is how we handle premiums and coming up with a process. Probably a separate, but I would envision is some kind of separate table linked to the sales order that says Here are the premiums that have been paid, and a way to handle the monthly? Well, I don't know that that'll has to be figured out maybe even Ideally, these are the anticipated premiums and the anticipated premium payment amounts so that there's some kind of RTO AR thing that's in the mix as well that we know that we should be expecting premiums for these. Not sure but I think we just I think we need to get a few few questions answered. And then we can we can get down to how we need to how we need to feel the information. If not, we can also completely mark to your point if if we don't need to tie it out to specific sales order. I kind of feel like for the financing payments, we do want to tie it out just specific sales order. Just for the sake of yeah, just

Unknown Speaker  53:50
for the sake of AR I mean, you need to come out of AR when when they're paid.

Matthias Miller  54:01
But then as far as RTO premiums, are you wanting to track that more specifically or not? Well,

Speaker 3  54:08
I think that's a good point. I didn't so you would basically create a second invoice in a sense for RTO premiums that would show up on your AR so that you don't technically, if you don't they could just kind of not happen or disappeared. Ever. No.

Matthias Miller  54:27
I mean, do you do you want or need that? Yeah, I think that's that's a question and it might not be a separate invoice. It might be another AR report that shows expected premiums on your sales orders and you just make sure that every month you get paid what you think you should be getting paid based on the premiums they should be. They should be sending over but yeah.

Speaker 4  54:47
We have our users right now it's doing that but it's not a standard report.

Speaker 3  54:56
Would it make sense for for us to Oh, Drew Duane and Leanne and I had to work together on some of those processes and trying to get that paper. Both what's happening now and what like, is that on paper and then regroup once we have that.

Matthias Miller  55:17
Yes

Speaker 3  55:24
besides before you drop FTI reconciliations Do you have any time this afternoon? Tomorrow that you could get with do an eye on a few questions there.

Matthias Miller  55:37
It's up in the air. As far as whether jewel they're going to be able to work with jewel is planning I might be able to give you a call in about 30 or 45 minutes? If not.

Unknown Speaker  55:54
Okay, let me know.

Matthias Miller  55:58
Okay. Okay. Sounds good. Appreciate it.

Unknown Speaker  56:05
Thanks for that. I don't know if you're still on or not, but

Unknown Speaker  56:09
I am.

Matthias Miller  56:14
Here I can. Yes, I can.

Unknown Speaker  56:17
There we go. All right. We're good.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai