Matthias Miller  00:29
So here's a good question what needs were met or not met in my last partnership and one of the needs that was met was my need for innovation for strategic advising. For being able to speak into business at a leadership level, my needs to build team and build systems build process, optimize operations, develop marketing messaging. And, once again, just technical innovation. There was definitely a cash need that wasn't being met. I wasn't able to collect the cash that I needed to. And the other knee that was mad was freedom from day to day operations and also freedom from the very deep technical details and I need to be removed from that so that I can

Matthias Miller  01:32
focus on that I really enjoy parts of that but I don't really enjoy all that much of that. Where I really what I really enjoyed about it was being able to apply some principles to a technically excellent company. The other day that was the was the ability to help up level the psychological impact. And there also wasn't a growth orientation with some of these things. And a lot of practical things that are quite simply there was too much overwhelm on the other end, to be able to capitalize it. The other day that was that was I was not being heard when I asked for changes when he asked for relief from pressure. It was not congruent with me did not work well with me in my style is a really complex simplicity. thanking me for simply buckets all of that stuff. So it really don't do well when I get sucked into the minutia of operations which I actually see myself doing with some of their clients as well. I'm also not convinced that I actually enjoy solving startup type problems. It's way better for me to be the destabilizing force instead of a relatively static organization versus working with a fragile startup trying to keep myself constrained and I feel like I face this constant challenge of not rocking the boat. And especially with a small team wasn't able to do that and also being able to zoom in and out and I'm not a manager. I'm not even sure that I'm a CEO. I think I'm I would really like to be a board level type of advisor and so I mean, private tech words kind of like the Keith Cunningham style. Even just replicating that wouldn't be a terrible idea where the Tim Francis model wouldn't be a terrible idea. One of the big questions is what's required in order to go make that word and?

Matthias Miller  04:38
Annual two day planning event. It'd be an option. With substantial value and especially if you create a process that allows you to have good credit on it. there are some criteria for started, that would make me happy. Number one, it has to be good enough that I'm not sweating bullets in the meantime, it needs to have a contingency so that if it doesn't go through that I'm not left back and having wasted five years needs to have a high probability of success. It needs to have a big enough upside, that I'm actually happy with it. So with this my time focus and energy can be split between passion projects and between the riskier ventures and between the smooth smoother ventures. So for example, if I could spend two days a week on generating the revenue that I need, have it forcefully produce an income I feel like my risk profile I'm not sure what it is

Matthias Miller  06:09
What are the activities that are most productive from from my business? I feel like my risk profile tends to lean towards more conservative but I also feel like there's a good bit of this, that's just the process of optimization go double down on what's actually going to produce results.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai