Speaker 1  00:01
And then second year started taking off in the third year was definitely best ever. For me. We're just kind of settled in as far as the method and how to do it. And then it became well, actually, the last two years probably became more about time management than anything else. And just managing your time and knowing how to how to split leads, and which ones to spend time on.

Unknown Speaker  00:29
At a high level. Yeah, so yeah, so that was, that was the biggest learning curve, probably the

Unknown Speaker  00:35
first year, year and a half.

Speaker 1  00:40
The time management probably didn't really sink in until the last last year and a half. I'm gonna say, we're just like, okay, you know, I'm spending way too much time on these things that just that aren't turning anything. They aren't turning anything. And it became a numbers game at that point. So,

Unknown Speaker  00:57
yeah.

Unknown Speaker  00:59
So are we are we eating first? Are we diving in the race first? Are we diving or?

Unknown Speaker  01:06
There's a they didn't have the Italian grill. It's an old menu. We got you. That's Turkey grill.

Unknown Speaker  01:11
Sounds perfect.

Unknown Speaker  01:13
I didn't know if you wanted to sell chips. You can kind of your choice. Where you are.

Speaker 2  01:24
Right now. psaltery North Carolina. We were only really there about two years. Yeah, no, no, July it'll be three years. No, two years. I'm sorry. It is to

Unknown Speaker  01:38
use what we're saying short.

Unknown Speaker  01:47
Well, that's right. Yeah, but you probably paid for

Unknown Speaker  01:52
it. Exactly. Go back and ask for it later.

Unknown Speaker  01:58
But originally, we were we lived 1617 years in South Carolina, Columbia, South Carolina. And we moved up to North Carolina we've done a massive expansion with all

Speaker 2  02:16
kinds of co op manufacturers that are Ohio, Indiana, Virginia, North Carolina. And doing they're all Amish. So we do we do a lot of management stuff. Got it?

Unknown Speaker  02:27
And

Unknown Speaker  02:30
I mean, originally I come from

Unknown Speaker  02:31
Pennsylvania so that's a long long time ago. Yeah. So if you want to you want chips or you want potato salad?

Unknown Speaker  02:39
Don't really care expert.

Unknown Speaker  02:43
Serious. Short if you establish I've tried to receive just rang me up one. candle to the same thing. Well, he seemed he seemed fairly new. He's been there a while really? He's not new. I don't know every every question we get asked. He was like turning around and asking for

Speaker 1  03:08
the other girl. He's made drinks for me before for maybe she's not made any food. Maybe not food. Maybe not like ground coffee or like coffee.

Unknown Speaker  03:17
And not notice. Yeah. Cool. Awesome. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  03:28
All right. Well, we just have an intimate stuff. It's

Unknown Speaker  03:29
sure.

Speaker 1  03:31
You can fire away. Okay. You may not you may not, you know, be recording currently live everyday setting mount sound.

Unknown Speaker  03:39
Smart. Well, I'm not sure what

Unknown Speaker  03:45
will your race offer and edit it out?

Unknown Speaker  03:48
We'll bleep over. Slurping sounds. Let me pull up my stuff that we had earlier.

Speaker 1  03:57
I mean, I think it would be it'd be interesting to hear what was the shift for you in switching from you said it was major competence issue. Shifting from LA versus what like, what was the were the doubts were his lack of confidence, what maybe what got to the conference. And so the biggest thing is, is mentally

Unknown Speaker  04:17
when you see people walk into your office,

Speaker 1  04:22
where you immediately get this whole thing of like, Oh, these guys are serious. I want to buy they want to buy shit. And it also becomes about how can I earn their business? Personally, I think you're a little bit more worried about the competition when they're in person just because there's like an immediate for me, it was this way there was an immediate, almost like a pressure on you as a salesperson because they were so interested

Unknown Speaker  04:54
that they actually showed up at your lot

Speaker 1  04:59
and so Going from that, to actually just responding to people via email and via phone, where you never see the people, it's really hard to gauge, you know, you can't see facial expressions. So you have to read everything on that side. But also in this like, learning that there still, there's still pressure there, it's actually just as high, it's just that I can't gauge it was quite as well, in learning that for the first year that it was somewhat about numbers, because, you know, my closing rate where I felt like was, was was great before. And I had no good way to track this. But it seemed like my closing probably around 80% of walkins. And then all of a sudden, that seemed to go through. And that was true to a certain level, until I figured out the system. So for the first year, that mentality of like, Man, I'm going from in person, and you have somebody who's really good in the office to work or in person, or they just walk in, and they can close them. And then you're second guessing yourself, because you're always like, crap, what could I have done differently?

Speaker 2  06:14
Talk to me a little bit about what was what was what caused the shift from going

Unknown Speaker  06:20
from in person to online?

Speaker 2  06:20
Like what was? Was that just a choice? Was that was different company.

Speaker 1  06:23
Okay, yeah, completely different company. The second company that I went with, they were their goal was to go online, and only sell online. We started Watkins, but it was on a limited basis, and they had actually just moved from Colorado Springs down to this area. So it was a new one. And we're right across from the competition, where I used to work, but 90% Watkins, and it's a small community here, and everybody has to stick up places where they're just like, Oh, you're new person, we're not gonna do business with you. So the walk in sales started climbing, the longer we're there.

Unknown Speaker  07:04
Yep. So what did you

Speaker 1  07:09
was it just were there things that you did that helped you kind of maintain that pressure,

Unknown Speaker  07:13
or that was it just

Speaker 1  07:17
just became top of mind that he liked? Yeah. It became top of mind that an online sales, you aren't going to win everyone. And you actually have, a lot of times you have more leads coming in, they're less qualified. So you have to sort them. And then, and then if you can spend all of your time on the higher quality ones, they're not all of your time, but the majority of your time on the higher quality ones, you'll get the same results as if they're walking in. So that makes sense. How did you how did you

Unknown Speaker  07:50
learn to read the

Unknown Speaker  07:54
questions to ask. So what

Unknown Speaker  07:58
should be on the initial contact or second contact

Speaker 1  08:00
or initial contact and second contact? Obviously, as you go, you'll get feedback from the customer as far as how they operate, but you haven't very limited time. So online sales, it's not like I'm sitting across from you. And I can really kind of gauge your interest. Online sales, I have to assume that they did all the research first, and they want to buy immediately. That's actually kind of how I approached it. So they want to apply immediately. So it's all about instant gratification. I'm gonna get you your quote, I'm gonna get the information that I need. And I'm gonna get your quote to in 15 minutes.

Unknown Speaker  08:40
15 minutes from actual, from the from first first contact,

Speaker 1  08:42
or first firstly, first contact, firstly, if I can get a hold of you, obviously, if it's a lead that comes in and I can't get a hold of you, then you know, I can't really do a whole lot with it. But I started experimenting with it. Where if a lead actually came in, and we had a source that would say, Hey, this is kind of what I'm interested in, I'd actually put a quote together and it was a lot of work on my end, but actually put a quote together, send it to them, so they could actually see it. Because it builds trust on their end. And then they want to contact me back and say, hey, you know what, that's not actually what I was looking for. Well, bummer. I wasted, you know, five minutes of my time. But I at least got a response out of you before I might not have because there's a lot of times I don't know how you are when you shop online, but I do all the research and then if I'm really interested and I want the answer now, like right now. So and then and so. So they come in, you assume they're ready to buy you you select the other quote, you send it to them, and then that if they actually were interested, they would they let you know, they let you know. And then and so it's pretty easy to tell or were there signs of like if they went dark after that. You just kind of assume they were a tire kicker and and somewhat, they went down on my list. Okay, so my process for for lead was, generally, if somebody called in,

Unknown Speaker  10:10
you recorded this, right?

Speaker 1  10:13
I'm on, I'm on your on your website, and I'm interested in the shed, that's what I see. I generally tried to get everything that I needed to know from within five minutes, and then have a quote sent over them in 15 minutes. However, sometimes that wasn't always possible, because you're busy in the day. And in that case, I'm just like, hey, you can expect this by whatever time and I said time limit. If it's the end of the day, it's the end of day, it's great. At least they know what to expect it. But I figured out that if I was on the phone longer than 10 minutes, my chances of actually closing the sale. And

Unknown Speaker  10:49
so that's probably why

Speaker 1  10:52
if I couldn't get the information necessary from the customer, because that was part of my way of gauging interest. So they call and say, hey, I want to shed here's my process, hey, you know, how's it going? What can I do for you? And they're like, Well, I'm

Unknown Speaker  11:06
looking for a shot. Great. So are you looking

Speaker 1  11:11
with an eye? Generally, I went about this a little bit backwards. So I always be like, Well, what size are you looking for? And they're like, Well, this is what I'm looking for. I'm like, okay, so what? They'll be like, I want a 10 by 12. Okay, perfect. What are you looking to store in or use it for? And they were like, well, you know, just storage stuff. Okay, well, great. Do you want it to look good? Or do you? Do you just are you only concerned about it being very basic. And they're like, Well, I want basic. But you know, I still wanted to look, which told me the style of building and I was going to try to push them into immediately told you the price range. It didn't tell me my purchase price. Okay. And so they would often be like, hey, you know, what are your prices? And that's still good on that same thing. Just being like, hey, what do you what do you want it for? And do you want it to look nice? And based on their answer, that'd be like, okay, so how quickly? Are you looking to have this? That was one of the first questions that I started asking, that took me two and a half years to get to. So I had that question. In the first conversation within the first five minutes, because it told me that I could either direct him towards an in stock building, or one that was custom built. So if there was one in stock, it automatically took my time down, I could take a picture, right if I had the picture on file, and just sent it to him. So here's what I got stock, it's 200 bucks, you know, we can have a stay in two weeks. So my process with that was just, it was two and a half years of figuring out, okay, what is my time worth, and you will run into customers that will take 30 minutes of your time. But I also found that those customers are really picky, you're going to spend the entire time, like your process through the entire time just babysitting them. So on my time management side, when I had a customer like that, if I couldn't get the information necessary within five to 10 minutes, to build them a quote, to get it to him and 15. Then they went down on my list to how quickly they got the quote. So it might be the end of the day till they get the quote, because I know I'm going to spend more time I know, they're gonna email me back for changes. It's just that process. I don't know if that actually answered the question. So but question on that. Did you ever have that expired? Did you? Did you ever give them the boot? Like, if somebody wanted to yak your ear off? Were 30 minutes had to get them on the phone? If you knew that, if you had a good sense that it was? Yeah, that's a good question. So I generally still stayed on the phone with them. There were times that I just told them straight up. Okay, I got a couple other quotes that need to come out. And honestly, can I give you a call back? Or can I shoot you an email what I have in stock, so get your brain rolling? Because a lot of times what happens is they don't know 100% what they want in that case? So let me send you some ideas that take my time on the phone down with you, but still gives you really valuable information. So that next time that I call you, I can actually spend five to 10 minutes. Yeah. Makes sense. What was the question that you asked that? He wasn't sure if you answered?

Speaker 2  14:47
Let me ask them this question. Was there ever a time like, Would you ever get the place in the whole time management piece where you could take a look at the lead and say, Yeah, you're probably not something I really wanna spend a lot of time with.

Speaker 1  15:03
So I we split leads, when there was a certain type of lead form that we had coming in, it was to fill our pipeline up, which we developed a drip campaign to take care of those people. So I so contacted them, if they answered the phone great, but I knew that the rate was low. So we entered them. If you have a CRM that does this great, they just come in automatically, you know exactly what type farm it is, your process is going to be the same, right to begin with, but then it changes and shifts based on if they answer the phone or answer your email. So what ended up happening as the majority of our leads were coming in? I'd say probably 60% of them, were this drip, basically what I call drip campaign lead.

Unknown Speaker  15:44
They'd never answer the phone. They'd never answer an email. If they actually legitimately did, I closed them, usually within about two weeks. If they didn't answer an email, they responded back at about the seventh email, which one went out

Unknown Speaker  16:07
every day for first week, and then every other week. So they would respond at about the four week mark.

Speaker 1  16:16
And then they would ask for a quote, at which point I took them off drip campaign response, I'm just like a normal customers.

Speaker 2  16:24
So you're saying initially comes in, you tried to contact left a voicemail message immediately go on a drip campaign for four weeks, they start to

Speaker 1  16:34
our testing came back, as is where they started coming back, there was one or two emails where people actually because they would respond to them. So you know, those emails are working. And then you can, you know, finagle, get the rest of them and reward however you want to. But you're filling up your pipeline in regards to that, but you're also wasting a lot of time. So the people that are interested, it was it was a gamble. Here's the thing, you may lose some of those, they may have been really interested clients. But on a basis, our closing rate was 120, probably with that one. And it's like, okay, so is it really worth my time for my salespeople to sit there and spin the wheels on these things, or me in that case, but so it was like, let's, let's contact these customers, let's hit them. Let's get them valuable information. Because they're looking, they're just looking for a price guide, which is where these leads actually came from, they just downloaded the price guide. So they were in initial stages, and it was fine. The rest of the leads came with experience. And I just treated him like, you know, random person walking in until I was maybe two weeks in three weeks into the follow up. And they still hadn't responded. And they went on that drip campaign and got Bible information so that whenever they're ready, you're ready to actually spend time with a quote. So. So then the drip campaign was just basically product knowledge, product details, yes, yeah. Product Details are warranty information. How are better than the competitors or how we're different than the competitors or whatever it may be. You just pick one thing and say, hey, you know what type of floor we use, you don't have to say anything, but your competitor comes with X amount of warranty. And you know, he wants more information, click for this video. So it's all valuable information that they can start adding up and started building trust for them. They could pop on our website at any time and ask for a quote if they wanted to or call us.

Speaker 2  18:41
Yeah, but the moment they respond back, they become what you would call

Speaker 1  18:46
a qualified lead. Yeah. Now, if they responded back and then dropped off again, they still went back on. But I started during the last year and a half, I started running numbers. And I figured out that it was where I started figuring out that my time was I had to figure out questions to ask, figure out how quick they wanted to build, and how to spend my time. Because online, it seems like there's two different types of people either they want immediate gratification right now. Or two. They're in initial stages. So if you're salespeople, if you have your salespeople wasting time, let's say wasting time loosely on people that are doing research, it's a good way for your salespeople to get burned out.

Speaker 2  19:43
And so the person that's coming in, and they're basically doing research, putting them getting them over the drip campaign basically get from that information, they start, they start finding more about product, they start finding more about the company and that makes a lot of sense.

Speaker 1  19:58
So it's just kind of how we establish everything and build everything. No, it takes a lot of time and effort to actually develop that drip campaign where it's like good value, and calls to action based off of that. So that was probably the most helpful thing. When I first started the online, I didn't have any CRM period. And I was into it for about two years before we got to CRM, that made me probably 60% more productive. So my sales went up

Unknown Speaker  20:34
by my using a method,

Speaker 1  20:39
which is antiquated. I mean, to say the least big QuickBooks, literally QuickBooks, and then a web layer on top.

Matthias Miller  20:48
Yeah. Yeah. Um, so follow up sequence, you leave a voicemail, you really didn't have much of a Okay, so let's so let's see an initial conversation. Sorry, I'm talking, thinking this through. So you get no initial contact goes to the drip campaign, initial conversation, you send him a quote, and then they go dark. What is what is your follow up sequence looks like at that point?

Unknown Speaker  21:16
Yes, the question, so I forgot what I

Speaker 1  21:24
left out what I was going to say on the last conversation. So after I get all that in, I was able to start tracking time and figuring out where I was productive. So my follow ups went over two weeks long. My chances of closing the sale went down.

Unknown Speaker  21:42
But do you have? Do you have a percentage idea how much it went down?

Speaker 1  21:45
I don't have a percentage idea. And I didn't have a good way to track that. Sure. So typically, my clients over the last year, were closing within two weeks.

Unknown Speaker  21:59
So if I contacted them, and

Speaker 1  22:03
did my standard follow up, which was hey, you know, I need a quote on this bill. Okay, great. Send him a quote, followed up the very next day with a phone call and an email.

Speaker 2  22:14
Which that answers that question on SDI stuff. If they're if they're time for invoice to deliver, is would you say 27 days? That's about? So you're about two weeks of clothes and two weeks of delivery?

Unknown Speaker  22:27
pickups? Yeah. Yep. Makes sense. So I followed up with the very next day, the phone call and email.

Unknown Speaker  22:39
went two days, three days, and seven days.

Speaker 1  22:46
So towards the end, most of my clients were basically if they call it work, well, they were they were closing the next week, I would say probably 50 to 60% of them, the rest of them.

Unknown Speaker  22:59
Were about three weeks out.

Speaker 1  23:02
And if it went over two weeks and follow up just like random Hey, you know, how's it going? What are you thinking about this? They were probably a month to two months out. And I would just follow up with them bi weekly, in that case, because your immediate if I had this conversation with you, when you when you called and and you said well, man I need to shed right now. Well, if I went past two weeks, you either lied to me or you went somewhere else. Like so which the two is and if they came back and said No, I didn't buy one. Well, great. Wasn't that conversation I just had with you told me a little bit about you. Maybe you ran into some other stuff like and it helped me direct it like, hey, you know what? I'm just touching in with you, again, like you said that you wanted this building really quick. And, you know, it's been two weeks and you know, we're gonna have a week of downtime for delivery and scheduling. And it helped me know when to push up. They told me they wanted it in three weeks time. Well, guess what you gotta get your order in right now. If you got it, if you want it and two months, here's our timeframe, you have to have your order in the next two weeks.

Speaker 2  24:09
So when you Okay, so if you know those timeframes really, really well, and you're talking with that customer and helps you push and ask for the sale and say, Look, if you really want this and your timeframes, your call to action. Did you get to put this thing in a day? Yep.

Speaker 1  24:21
So you created your urgency. Nice. Yeah. So if I if I ask the question, and this took, like, two and a half years to come up with basically where my CFO is like, Eric, you have to do time management. He's like, come on, he's an ask this question. And so it took me forever because I never wanted to be that pushy, but also No, no actually being pushy. I'm actually helping you as a client. And it's like, you know, in five minutes time when we're calling in, you're asking about billing. Well, look, here's my first question. How quick do you need this building? Because it's instead of being like, okay, what are you looking to store in this building? On Mars, some LoCat, great. You're going down through the whole list like some other companies do. But one following was the sales pitch and how you're supposed to do it. And I'm like, I wasted 15 minutes with you on the phone, I got exactly what you want, guess what, I can't fulfill what you actually need. So we're now building this building for yes, it's what you want. But it's, you know, if you needed something yesterday, I can't help you with that we're six, eight weeks out? Well, if I would have known that immediately, here's where I'm gonna point you. I'm gonna go down through my entire inventory list. And I'm gonna say, here's what I have in stock. Here's what I have coming out next week, I know that my production is producing this. Let me send you some pictures of it. And if this works for a great, we'll get to tomorrow. We can sign everything tonight and, you know, create urgency. And depending on how it worked, I'd actually contact my delivery driver and be like, Hey, do you have any openings this week? For this thing, I have this thing coming up. And it was one of those things that I also created urgency, that way of contacting that customer to say, hey, you need this thing quick. I can get it to you on Wednesday. But I gotta have the paperwork tonight. Because we have limited slots available. We gotta get it in by tomorrow. Yeah. But I gave my delivery driver manager that heads up that, hey, there might be one coming down the pipe? Do we have an opportunity to slide this in, and I use it as a sales tool?

Unknown Speaker  26:37
So we've talked about

Speaker 2  26:40
sales, training and sales tools, and, and so forth. It sounds like what I'm hearing from you is that it was more effective learning the right question to ask, then some fancy term how to close

Unknown Speaker  26:50
somebody? Yes.

Speaker 1  26:53
So here's the thing that taught me

Unknown Speaker  26:58
to, to

Speaker 1  27:00
podcast books that taught me the most on how I sell. But also what my clients are saying. And as

Unknown Speaker  27:10
Chris boss,

Speaker 1  27:12
they are not in negotiations. With me, though YouTube videos while I'm at work in the office, you know, wintertime, that's what I listen to. So that really helped me and then Seth Godin. All marketers are liars is marketing, but it's actually how I approach the sales side.

Speaker 2  27:33
But hope you're right now, I'm very familiar with both those authors. But that that particular one was that dude, Madden.

Speaker 1  27:40
Yeah. So basically, he talks about all market marketing is lying. But then two chapters in the book, he rephrases it and says, actually, the title of my book is a lie. He's like, but it made you pick it up. He's like, and the fact of the matter is, is all of us. As a consumer, we lie to ourselves every day. And he's like, it's all about how you frame everything to the customer. And so your viewpoint, and what you have to do is figuring out what your client's framework is, and sell them on their framework and changes for every line.

Unknown Speaker  28:17
And learning how to ask the question to figure out the framework.

Unknown Speaker  28:24
So

Speaker 1  28:28
So then, for you, the core pillars, the framework for the client, you were uncovering was, was urgency and interest. Aesthetic versus utility. Yep. Were there other frames that you were

Unknown Speaker  28:41
digging for?

Speaker 1  28:46
One of the other ones could be cash or Redstone, if you went that route. That wasn't as big of an issue for me. We were split about 5050 on that rent. And that changes depending on where you're at, like South is probably higher rent? Or different pockets of

Speaker 2  29:07
it? Do you feel like you could affect that conversation as a salesperson? Gas versus rent tone? Yes.

Speaker 1  29:13
So I and that was the other thing that I was very upfront with my customers on the rent to own side, what I'm figuring out that most people skirt around it, it's a conversation they never want to have with their clients about rental. And it's like, let me get you into the contract as quick as possible, so I don't have to go over the details on it. So my website is built off of building trust, and I have to fall through a salesperson and the company has to author you can build it on the back end. Like so if you're if your website is not that great. You can build the trust as well. But in the online world, it starts upfront. It starts soon as you see it on the website and it's like hey, you know what, I want to do business with these people. But if your salespeople can follow through, it's gone immediately. So, for me, it was explaining the rent town and the people and just being like, you know what, it's the most expensive thing you're ever gonna buy. But I get it, you know, you can make a commitment commitment for 250 bucks a month, and you can make one for six grand, that's fine. I mean, we've all been there someplace.

Unknown Speaker  30:22
That is the nicest version I've ever heard.

Speaker 1  30:26
I mean, the thing is, is like, you're gonna pay 50 60% more? Well, the rent down company we're with just like, hey, you pay it off early, you don't have penalties for that, and they subtract out 60% of your random remaining payments, or whatever it is based off of your rent out. People understand that side of it. And if they know upfront is gonna be the most expensive way. They'll walk into headfirst. And it's fine because you build trust. Because you're honest, you're honest, you'd hate you know, and it's not for everybody, and you're gonna get some notes and they're like, holy moly, that's terrible. Like, that's the worst interest rate I've ever heard. Well, you know, it's not interest rate, but whatever. You know, you have to have to go down that spiel. But unpack a little bit about interest rate hygiene. Alright, so Rendon is set up differently legally. It's a based your rent. There's two there is not interest, per se, it's rental fees, right. And it cannot be labeled as interest because of the IRS. Right. And as soon as you can bring into the fact that the IRS is a reason that your rent town is different and has different legalities, because the IRS, everybody has hatred for the IRS. So you establish a common ground already. So were you able to tie any of the rates to the IRS? No, it was just the rates are all based off a rental company. However, they haven't set up. But as soon as you can bring in the fact everybody gets arrested, they'll take money. There's plenty of bringing this back. And it's not interest rate. I can't tell you this. You know, I can't say with an interest rate because of the IRS and because the IRS did, like different qualifications for us. It was well, yeah. Oh, yeah. HR. Well, yeah. Was that enough to lip? Some of them? Don't say yes. But some of the numbers don't work. And at that point, I was like, Look, you have a good relationship with your local bank, go to your local bank, I'm always going to advise that you have a 5% interest rate, great. Fast improvement. Yeah, it's a great improvement. You're not paying 50% more. But if you don't have good credit, hey, it's not a this is good option for you.

Unknown Speaker  32:53
You got some coffee to sober just a little bit in there.

Unknown Speaker  32:57
You want some coffee?

Unknown Speaker  33:00
This morning? Waiting

Unknown Speaker  33:02
much probably gonna be over caffeinated this week than

Speaker 1  33:07
anything else in how to? Well actually this is this ties into this next question. common objections? And how did you? How did you deal with them?

Unknown Speaker  33:19
Coming on objections for me. Our company made the switch to say we're not going to be competitive in pricing anymore, we're going to be more expensive and more crowded. So

Speaker 1  33:34
directly across the street from me was somebody that had the identical shed very similar building product, a different floor model, or a different floor system. Just as a plywood flooring versus the Performax flooring or the LP flooring.

Unknown Speaker  33:50
We were $900 more expensive. On average.

Speaker 1  33:57
I lost a bunch of clients to them. I know that. But it was also a plant pool we decided we didn't want pursue. So the biggest thing that I dealt with was, why are you so expensive? At which point they went back to the Chris boss addressing the issue of yes, we are more expensive. And here's the reason why. And if you want cheap, go to the next company. I can't speak for their customer service I just before. So I instill doubt into them as far as the next company, but I didn't badmouth them, unless they specifically asked. At which point I was like, Well, here's the differences. And this is why I wouldn't go with their company. But obviously it's your decision. And if they came from the other company down to my place. My next question was,

Unknown Speaker  34:48
there's a reason you're down here, right? And then I approached it back to the whole thing of,

Unknown Speaker  34:55
well, here's the thing.

Unknown Speaker  34:57
You're comparing me to the competitor across the street and that's fine. But

Unknown Speaker  35:01
here's what I'm always going to advise you

Unknown Speaker  35:05
go with the person that makes you comfortable. If it's not me, that's fine.

Speaker 2  35:11
So it sounds like what you're saying is people buy salespeople not

Unknown Speaker  35:15
product. Yes.

Unknown Speaker  35:17
Interesting. Well, they might product too. Don't get me wrong. And they bought the product.

Speaker 1  35:25
But let me ask you this question, if it was you? Would you buy a great product off of a terrible salesperson that you didn't connect with? Yeah. Okay. Would you buy a less quality products, somebody that you really connect with adult trust and value? So as a salesperson, you have to understand that you may miss some people. And for me, I took that personally, it drove me crazy. But at the same time, I'm like, No, there's gonna be people that like nature, there's gonna be people that don't like, there's going to be people that walk across the street and be like, that sales guy down there as a complete ass.

Unknown Speaker  36:00
I heard it coming the other way.

Speaker 1  36:04
I knew that it went both ways. Here's what I'm going to do for you. I'm business when I'm talking to you, I'm going to tell you my product, you have to make the decision. Right? If you know they were was in seeing distance of each other in that case, and I'm like, Look, here's the thing, go across the street. Look at their product, they have a similar product, ours, here's why we're more expensive. If you like their product, and 900 bucks is a big deal to you. That's fine, go with them. i In the end, as a salesperson, I want you to be happy. And if you're going to feel like you overpaid for your shed from us, you're going to be a terrible client. I didn't tell him that. But I knew that they're going to contact you back because they already have this thing in their head. You're $900 more expensive. Why didn't you follow through? Why didn't you do this? Yeah. Why didn't you do that? If not how

Unknown Speaker  36:52
it always makes that much of a difference. They're gonna nitpick. They're gonna

Speaker 1  36:55
nitpick everything. So at what point does that client? Is it worthwhile? Yeah, maybe lost 5000 or so? Maybe I lost 10,000 or so. But is it worth two callbacks for some odd reasons. And we have to run two guys out there or a guy out to fix something. Yeah, but our profit margins start dialing. So it's knowing who your client base is. And there were certain people that walked in that I'd be like, You know what, we're not a good fit, go next door. They're willing to work with you. Their salespeople are, you know, at that time, it didn't like the salesperson but I was like, he had a certain base of people that he connected with, and they were not my base. So go across the street. So you'll be happy.

Speaker 2  37:42
Something I feel like I'm hearing from you over and over again. Is your comfort and your confidence within yourself and your product. How do you teach that to a new salesperson

Unknown Speaker  38:02
comes with time, some thing that was most helpful for me is, in this case,

Speaker 1  38:10
I knew my company would back me and they back, like and I back then I back the product. If your salespeople can't back product, there's a good chance that they're going to have the feeling that the company doesn't back them and often leads this whole thing of them selling something that you don't have. So it comes to trust basis on that. But it is personal as well. I don't know that I actually have a really good answer for that. As far as training, except experience experience. And the biggest thing is, is make them confident in their product. And knowing that it's okay, like I I stressed for three years, what two and a half years, two, even three years, even the last half year probably was where it really started cementing in or, you know what, it's okay to lose this customer. There's a potential client and I know that's an approach that most people don't face. But it started really hitting the head for me when I started. Wintertime was slow so we'd bend over backwards to do something outside the normal all of a sudden we couldn't complete it through our slow months and we're doing it in the busy months. And it was a fiasco we never charged enough the client was picky you know all of these things and then I'm like look at for me as confidence I know what our product does. I know my client base at this point and that comes with time as well. But if you're if your salespeople if you can educate them well on the product and why it's good and know that your client base like know who your client bases as well. And then knowing how to teach your customer who that client bases I went for two and a half years of being like, man I lost that sale and beating myself up. And my owners were like, Eric, you know, sales is a numbers game too. And they're like, Yeah, could we have closed that sale? Yeah, here's something you may have, could have done a little bit different to maybe close it. But as you go, you also learn that, hey, this customer was not good. And it may not be something that you can name. So when a client calls in or emails, it may not be something that they did specifically that you can name that says that client is not a good fit, you get, you get a good feeling for him. And you're just like your I don't wanna mess with these guys. Or you're like, Ha, thank goodness, I gave him a quote, and they fell through for some reason. I think telling your salespeople to rely on their gut is a massive thing. And if you can't hire your salespeople, they're not trustworthy enough, they probably shouldn't be in that position. It's just my thought process because

Unknown Speaker  41:05
I have a different viewpoint on salespeople. Salespeople, build your business equity and build your business. What's the term for?

Speaker 1  41:24
So my, my old owner, I was actually having a conversation with him. And he's like, uh, you know, Eric, he's like, I've asked my CFOs multiple times, why do salespeople get paid the most in the company? He's like, I've never been okay with that. And he's like, you know, frankly, paying your your check was a little crazy sometimes. Now, it's like, okay, but he's like, I talked to my CFO, and my CFO is like, here's the thing, you have to realize your salespeople are building your company reviews, you aren't. And your sales. So basically, it's, you are with your product. But your salespeople are building equity up because they are talking to your customers, they're the they're upfront with your customers are talking to them. So my viewpoint on salespeople is there's some people that just aren't a good fit

Unknown Speaker  42:16
to be salespeople,

Speaker 1  42:18
not a knock against them. Some of them can do just fine. And others will do fine for a bit until they reach a ceiling. But I think being able to teach your salespeople, you know, here's the systems, you're going to see this over time and kind of give encouragement to say, and give that feedback. So when they're dealing with a customer, that's like, man, you know, for some reason, I just can't get discussed. Customer closes client close. And they're talking to their sales manager, the owner, whatever size company and have and the client and they're like, Hey, can you send me your email thread? Or if you have a CRM that you can go in and see it great. It'd be like, well, let's try this. And here's the thing, it is a numbers game and sales to and allowing your salespeople to see that and see the competence that you have in them, and then being there to help them through that. So here's how I would respond to this. You can try it, it may not work. And if it doesn't work, it doesn't work. I don't know if that answered the question as long winded. But so you made

Unknown Speaker  43:25
a comment about sales. But there are some people that hit a ceiling on packet for from a little bit.

Speaker 1  43:35
Yes, so they hit ceilings by different things,

Unknown Speaker  43:39
their personality,

Speaker 1  43:43
their capabilities, and then also the company's capabilities.

Unknown Speaker  43:49
So I don't know what

Speaker 1  43:52
the dice told you about me. But so the the last year that I was at that company, I was on track to do 4 million in sales, personally. So I

Unknown Speaker  44:04
was the percentage of that being what online?

Unknown Speaker  44:08
About 85%? Probably

Unknown Speaker  44:11
gracious. I figure that you're talking to you. So

Speaker 1  44:21
I quit in September, and I was at 3.2 But I was averaging

Unknown Speaker  44:26
around $400,000 a month in sales. So

Speaker 1  44:33
through the busy times now obviously it went down like your months that are off. They were going to be average anywhere between 250 to 360. And that's occasionally going to go over the 400,000 mark.

Unknown Speaker  44:46
What radius from your location.

Speaker 1  44:49
State of Colorado but most of it was Colorado Springs Denver area

Unknown Speaker  44:54
4000 hours a month. Yeah. Did your machine

Speaker 1  45:00
So I reached my ceiling. So I, okay. Stress wise, there was a lot of other stuff going on with the company. But my systems didn't allow me to go more than that. Because it took me 20 minutes to complete a sale, because of my system. So I'm, I'm running numbers, I'm like, Man, if I can get these down to five, that allows me five more people to talk to, you know, in this timeframe, I can be talking to five more people, I could be closing more of these things. But

Speaker 2  45:33
there wasn't, there wasn't an ability to add individuals to close your sales underneath, like,

Speaker 1  45:38
as there is. So my timeframe. So we did, we added another salesperson. The some of the issues that we're running into with this company was that they couldn't complete what I sold on the timeframe. And so it asked for a different timeframe. And we didn't want to have it. So they were like, well, let's bring on another salesperson to take your stress down on my elbow. Who's gonna train that salesperson? Me? So we're adding that on the front side? And then what happens if they're really good? Because we already are taking steps if

Speaker 2  46:13
you have more capacity, you can fulfill it, right?

Speaker 1  46:17
So yes, you take my stress down, my my work actually goes up, stress goes down, pay goes down. To get you to what, for the last two and a half years, I haven't seen that we've actually been able to add production to hold this up. So if we're adding production to all sudden, we dropped from six, eight weeks down to two weeks. Because we added two guys in the shop. And yes, by all means we need to be adding another salesperson because the leads are there. Everything's there. So there is that point. But then, you know, I think that was probably the stress of it for me with where I was at in the sales side, because I did kind of take on sales manager responsibility. My associate was part time. And I basically she had no experience in sales notes experience in framing. And I think about this and I think she's major frustration for me, but at the same time she came out as a secretary to help me out just to do some paperwork and stuff. And then we're like, Hey, you do pretty good on the phones, transferring sales, which was not a good idea. But we learned that the hard way. But in her first year, and I gave her the low lying fruit stuff that I didn't want to I want to deal with it took my time. She was on track to do main dollars in our first year in sales,

Speaker 2  47:45
no framing experience, no sales experience, nothing. Just closing what what do you want? What do you tossed her,

Speaker 1  47:51
I tossed her the pricing guides to low quality stuff. And stuff that I knew could be close pretty quick, because she was really good on the phone. But as far as asking the questions that were necessary, and closing quickly, I mean, her her time on the phone was probably 35 minutes. So she'd end up being frustrated. And then along with that, somewhere my numbers start coming from the was she was frustrated that she couldn't close quicker. And the customer was was also there was also a little bit more leeway in there for miscommunication between customer and salesperson, the longer your conversation goes on. Well, we talked about this. Well, if I can get your information in five to 10 minutes, and then respond to everything via email, I have track of your conversation. No, we did not talk about that. It streamline the process. And there was times I still screwed up and I had to deal with customers that were like, No, we talked about this and like you know what we may have back in the initial conversation. I'll go back on that one, we'll take care of that. So it was one of those things that we kind of had to do. But I look at that now. And I'm like she she was thrown in in the busyness and I was stressed and handling a massive amount of workload. And I didn't give her the training that she surely should have had, and the product knowledge either. And I'm like, Where could she have been? And we were all we were constantly bumping against that ceiling of we can't produce can't produce can't produce. So it's kind of like, part of me was like, I want to give you this information. Parliament is like, is it worthwhile, and you want to be here part time and you're pregnant and you're gonna have a baby and you're taken off the next two months. Like, how much is it actually worth for me right now. That was my case.

Speaker 2  49:42
So talk to me about how did you get over the hump of somebody's buying a five to $10,000 building and never seen one.

Speaker 1  49:50
So that comes down to work on the back end. And that is how to build trust. with that client, and then also what is on our website that makes them want to buy this building? Is it good pictures? Is it me sending them pictures via email? Or is it just, you know what I went on your website, I looked at what you have your product looks great. And I call and I like talking to you it is a rough hump. Sometimes, in my three and a half years, I had

Unknown Speaker  50:34
two completely unhappy customers.

Speaker 1  50:37
The last one is the most recent was the third building she bought from us. Somehow we parked the first building, I don't know what happened, she came back second building was fine, great. The third building I went into, it was a completely custom building we didn't even offer. And I reworked everything, sent everything to her, gave her signature or like had her sign off on it. And she flipped the switch when it got delivered. And that came down somewhat to poor communication on me, but also her as I have to. But a the thing that really tipped her over the edge is we showed up 10 minutes early to deliver a building and drop it off and she wasn't there, her her purse and her renter was and from our understanding, she actually bought it for her renter. And she complained about absolutely everything. So for us, it became more about the marketing side. Let's build buildings. Let's take some good pictures over let's keep them on file those particular ones and we're just going to send them out over and over again. And we created some standards. And then also, like we did have a lot of variability on our lot. Because we posted these 10 different buildings, we took marketing, good marketing pictures, good lighting pictures, and posted them. So you can see everything on the inside. This is how we build doesn't matter if it's 12 by 2410 to 12. It's across the board here your colors. So that that was probably the most helpful thing for us. But ultimately, it still comes down. I mean, it's just my personal opinion. All things kind of have to work together. So your marketing, but also, when the people call.

Speaker 3  52:28
There are not many people that want to drop 10 grand without talking to somebody, period.

Speaker 1  52:37
Because for me, if I'm dropping 10 grand, I might do all the research and be like, Man, this product is great. But when I place the order, I better talk to somebody because I want to have that person. Yeah, that's how you're gonna back it, you're still backing your entire business off of people. And when our clients are that way, but your salespeople too, and if I call and I get a rude salesperson or I get somebody that does mean I can deal with maybe not knowing the quality as long as they get back to me. Okay, or not the quality details of the building, as long as they get back to me let those go. Because it tells me what you're doing as a company to back my purchase. Also gives you a taste of you have a really poor experience with somebody in sales or customer service, then you know that there's,

Unknown Speaker  53:24
you know, it's gonna be indicative of the rest of it. Yes.

Speaker 1  53:26
Yeah, exactly. And unfortunately, that's not really all always the case. Sorry, clients need Yep, makes sure

Speaker 2  53:36
sure. And most successful marketing channel, do you feel like what was your most successful marketing channel?

Unknown Speaker  53:45
I'm gonna go back to Google. We had a couple different things going on, like Google ads, stuff like that. There's a lot of people

Speaker 1  54:03
on Facebook kick in there. There is a marketing channel there but I hate it. I personally can't stand it. They're not my clients that I like dealing with.

Unknown Speaker  54:14
Interesting.

Unknown Speaker  54:22
They tend to be a lot of tire kickers, they are and there is a way to

Speaker 1  54:26
deal with them. I mean, I've racked my idea or my brain for ideas on this. I think there's there's a couple of really good ways to deal with those.

Unknown Speaker  54:36
But for me,

Speaker 1  54:41
if I couldn't get people to my website, and most of these came from Google, so if they find you on Facebook, great if it's linked to your website, maybe that might be a really good way to do it. I mean, I actually I know it is but the side of it is the most people don't actually link the two together. And so it Hmm. Google is still if I find somebody on Facebook,

Unknown Speaker  55:07
unless it's a private seller,

Speaker 1  55:09
I want to go to their website, if it's a news thing, I'm going to their website, check out what else they have. And that's where I gained my trust. That's where I build my trust. It doesn't come off of Facebook. I, that's my initial thing on Facebook. So ultimately, it led back to Google for me. You're still searching for us? Maybe you discovered us on a number, another channel, you're still searching for us somewhere. That was where my, my good clients came from. My Hey, I spent 15 minutes with you and I made a sale. And that's what I mean by good good clients. But

Speaker 2  55:42
and you, you credit that to that that person that's coming through, they've already been the website, they're reaching out, because it comes to your website, they've already done their research, you know, that they're,

Unknown Speaker  55:51
they're ready to buy the material. Yes, exactly. So what are some what are some of your ideas on getting Facebook?

Speaker 1  55:59
Not coming to the website. So my biggest thing was Facebook is is it's as a salesperson. When you're focusing on online and time management, it is not time, man, not good time management for Facebook. It's a good lead. It's probably fairly cheap lead.

Unknown Speaker  56:18
And it shows. So

Speaker 1  56:21
there are some people that want to be like Johnny on the spot, bam, like, hey, you know what, I need this building tomorrow, actually. And I think that varies on where you're at in the United States as well. Here, it's not a big, I mean, if you think about it, Denver, in Colorado Springs are fairly techie. So they are a little bit more ahead of the curve as far as the eastern seaboard can be certain parts of it. But

Unknown Speaker  56:48
he just calling us Easterners, not very techy

Speaker 1  56:51
know your techie. But I'm just saying there's a lot more people back there that mean, it's different. Here, you have big centers, of big groups of people in the east, it's more, you have a lot of people and they're all much more early all over. Yeah. My biggest thing was faced, I think that

Unknown Speaker  57:14
if you hired a person, on a per hour basis,

Speaker 1  57:21
and they knew that their job was to convert the tire kickers and have good conversations with tire kickers. And the only way it actually becomes a lead for your salespeople to touch is after they get you the information necessary, which is whatever it needs to be for your company, but, you know, email, a phone number, and address and the building type that they're looking for, because that's what they're often leading with. And then it becomes a salespersons job to actually contact that customer and say, You know what, we can help you with that, that building that you saw online, we actually do have it, or we don't have it, but we're gonna build one for you know, and actually takes allows your salespeople to be extra productive. And it defines clear roles as well. So you're a person that's paid by the hour, and maybe they're really good at and they love having conversations with people? Well, great. You know, some salespeople, like me. I enjoyed having a conversation with you. If it led to some type of result, like a yes or no, if Facebook is open, it is nebulous. It just never ends. It's just like it's there. And like four weeks later, they'll contact you back and go through the same thing again. And that was my viewpoint of it. My my owners have a completely different viewpoint. And they're like work, you know, I still remember that day that you took off, like over Christmas, and he'd still points this out to me. He's like, and I came in, and you're on vacation, and I saw him for buildings. I was like, Yeah, but how long did it take you to sell those four buildings? I said the other side of that problem is I also had to deal with those customers after Christmas, after you sold them and you didn't touch it.

Unknown Speaker  59:07
To have them cancelled.

Speaker 1  59:10
And the other to complain non stop. Interesting. So you sold four of them while I was gone. That's great to have them canceled. I had to resell the building.

Unknown Speaker  59:21
I had to redo the paperwork.

Speaker 1  59:24
You know that that's not something that you touched? And he's like, yeah, so far. I'm like, okay, great. So there is I know there's clients there. Don't get me wrong. It's just that I I often think so. The last company that I went to, I they brought me on for online, they were in the middle of doing a hybrid model of like, okay, we're going to online and we're going to do in person kind of dealerships. Well, it didn't end up very well. And they I was like no We need more leads. So all they did was up the pay on Facebook. So all I did, coming from my job where I was like, Okay, five minutes and 10 minutes, 15 minutes, you know, I can get the information I need, it's necessary that today that I'll get you a quote, you're probably gonna buy, at some point, to sitting on Facebook all day long responding to 20 to 30 different people that created a lead in my CRM that I now have to follow up with. And they haven't given me any information. They don't want to give me their email, they don't want to give me their phone number doesn't matter how I asked, the only way left is Facebook to follow up. And I have seven days to follow up, or I can't, if they don't respond back in those seven days to any of my follow ups. I can't follow

Speaker 3  1:00:42
up with them anymore. So then what are they a complete waste of time.

Speaker 1  1:00:49
Unless I can figure out a way to get their email and their phone number, which is the thing that I was tweaking all the time when there were certain conversations that help but it's still in that kind of time is is does not want to give out that information. Oh, yeah, they're they they want to kick tires, or they're the Karen's of the world that want to complain about everything. And frankly, they're looking for a deal. That's why I'm on Facebook marketplace. I'm looking for a deal. So we did the company that I was at before that. We basically took that entire client base out of the equation. Because we're not $100 more expensive. And all of a sudden, it made us focus on where do we need to be marketing instead of like 15 different places. We now need know that our customers come from this area, they're doing their research, and we'll post on Facebook. But it's more of just like branding awareness. And hey, we got this really screaming deal on this us building great. Well, we know it's gonna go people online, if I'm shopping online, I'm like, shoot, I'm gonna spend 10 grand, I want a random building, I'm not going to be buying a used one. Unless I'm looking for something specific.

Matthias Miller  1:02:05
So question that making the transition to say we're not we're going to be $900. More like how for you where you do those conversations going in? How do you deal with the fear of like, Hey, we got this bottom tier of customers. And if we, if we abandon these customers, then we're gonna lose the bottom X percent of our revenue.

Speaker 1  1:02:23
Like, I completely freaked out. So I knew it was coming. But it didn't know to what extent I knew we were going to be a little bit more expensive. But after figuring was 900 bucks, and in it changed, sometimes it was more than nothing was 1500 bucks, depending on the size of the building. Sometimes it's 500. But the average is nine. It freaked me out, because I'm like, Man, I'm losing to these guys across the street. And it was personal for me because I had a bad experience there. And I was like, you know, but

Unknown Speaker  1:02:53
however, about six months into it,

Speaker 1  1:02:58
I figured out that my customers are so much nicer to deal with.

Speaker 2  1:03:04
produced a better customer. But I mean, like, from a company standpoint, how do you what led them to this belief? Like what, what, what what what said, we're all in on going more expensive than the competition, and we don't want to deal with the parents.

Speaker 1  1:03:18
So it wasn't that we wanted to deal with the parents, we had a consultant come in, and he's like, You know what, here's the deal, where you guys are out as a company, is you need to figure out which way you're gonna go. Either you become competitive and compete with people and your product quality has to go down. But your product quality is actually just a little bit better. And you're still trying

Unknown Speaker  1:03:35
to compete, what you're describing as to be key.

Speaker 1  1:03:38
So put 100 foot one foot one foot. So

Speaker 2  1:03:47
it's like literally you can be talking about us right now. Yeah, this is exactly where it's at. So we actually can you hit that product. We actually

Speaker 1  1:03:56
were like, Okay, so here's what we're going to do. We're going to become, we're going to we're going to tout our quality, this is who we're going to become, and because of that we're going to become more expensive. That's understandable for people. And if if price is a big issue, and quality is not a big issue for you, that's just the assumption that we're going to make. That's not always correct. Some people matters to both, but you do have to understand that was the case. And obviously, there's a place where you price yourself out the competition is just like not as

Unknown Speaker  1:04:29
it's not going to work. But

Speaker 1  1:04:33
it was it was like a breath of fresh air after I got past initial shock as a salesperson and being like, oh my goodness, like how am I going to do this? It's actually where I started listening to Chris Voss is when that whole thing came into place, because I'm like, I'm getting all these complaints and we're so much more expensive. Well, here's what happened the last six months that I was with the company eight months that I was with the company, we were no longer the most expensive If we were back to being average, it became even harder for me to sell. Because we went through this period of while we're competing, our price points, the same $900 more expensive. I could stand on the 900 bucks more expensive all day long. And being like, yep, we are $900 more expensive.

Speaker 3  1:05:20
But let me ask you this. You know, look at weather King, look at our customer reviews. Go online look at it. So I tell

Unknown Speaker  1:05:32
Well, why are you more expensive to tough shit?

Speaker 1  1:05:34
Well, here's the thing about Tasha data hearts. Right. But to some people it is,

Unknown Speaker  1:05:40
yeah. And it was that way across all the board for our clients. Well, now all of a sudden,

Speaker 1  1:05:48
I'm used to this $900 or two years or $900 more expensive in the last eight months that I want the company are now even keel with the rest of the competition.

Speaker 2  1:05:58
So is that because they they came back down on their prices? Or because competition came out?

Speaker 1  1:06:03
We didn't was right through all 2020 crazy prices, we didn't go up quite quick enough. And so I mean, that's my opinion. I didn't have much to do with that. But all of a sudden, my client pool I'm like, why are they so difficult to deal with. And I started getting feedback from customers. They're like, Oh, you're not that much more expensive. These guys are actually more expensive than you. And I was like, what they've never been more expensive than us. So it's this mental thing. A higher price means a better quality product and better service. And I started realizing that after it started coming, I knew it when we changed. But then when we started coming back down, I was like, I haven't had to deal with this in two years. What's going on? All of a sudden, I'm having to tell them. This is why I mean, try having the argument of saying, Why are you guys $900 more expensive? Now reverse that and explain why you're not $100 cheaper? Well, because something's missing. Or to your point, you're telling me your higher quality explained to me why your exact same price? And did you have that? Say, Well, yeah, same thing, but it was it was kind of on the same level of, you're now less expensive, right? What am I missing? Well, that's actually a question that I have. Now you want to be defensive as a salesperson, what am I missing? We're not missing anything. Like, here's the quality that you're getting. I don't believe that. Because price equals quality. You buy a Mercedes Benz, you buy a Ford, what do you want? So did you see like finance?

Unknown Speaker  1:07:39
Mercedes is kind of a bit of a bear some days?

Unknown Speaker  1:07:42
This is pretty bad. But a

Unknown Speaker  1:07:45
brand new. Yeah. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:48
So

Speaker 1  1:07:50
so the Okay, so powerfully customers less complaints less, less or fewer, like sending somebody out to go fix that for changing stuff? Or I don't know, what if your cancellations. Like what was the financial impact of the financial impact of that was we lost some sales.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:11
And I knew we lost sales.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:15
But also, the sales that we didn't make. We cleared more our profit margins were higher, our customers were happier. And there was a viewer they're reasonable to deal with. So what's what's it worth to you? So is it worth losing, to customers out 10

Unknown Speaker  1:08:36
To make an extra, you know,

Speaker 1  1:08:39
$10,000, which you may have made, and you have happy customers, you have higher reviews, which drives more people to your website. You don't have to worry about me because because the thing is in the shed industry, and I don't know the numbers on this I just my viewpoint on it, is as soon as you have to run back out, your profit margins disappear really quick. Because what you have to send truck out. If you start figuring time, you're like, what, 150 bucks an hour. Well, what happens if you're covering an entire state, you're three and a half hours on the road one way three and a half hours back, you spent 30 minutes on the job for what? And so like there is there is the financial side of the of the fallback of you lose a few sales. The other side of it is if you do have a picky customer,

Unknown Speaker  1:09:35
they expect high quality.

Speaker 1  1:09:37
So it just means that your shop better stand up to it too. And you have to have a kind of checks and balances in place to take care of that. Because I can tell you all day on why we're more expensive. If my production doesn't follow through, and the company doesn't do anything about that. Then my reputation I shot as a salesperson and the company's got shocked too. I would rather undersell a customer. And this was actually what I started doing towards the tail end, which was terrible, and I hated it. But there were certain things that I knew we weren't very good at. And I would undersell the customer. And you say, hey, you know what the switch that's gonna come as if it was better, great, fantastic. They were impressed.

Speaker 3  1:10:26
At least they knew what to expect. And there were certain jobs

Speaker 1  1:10:30
that I knew as a general whole, we just didn't do good on and I stopped selling them because I'm like, you know, I'm going to spend five calls after this building is delivered. It take care of this. It hasn't been taken care of on the production side, it hasn't. Communication side between sales and production, maybe that's where the issue is, for whatever reason, we aren't doing well. So I'm better served. Shifting from that, and putting my time efforts into this one right here. Something that do No, we're good at, we're going to complete them. We're not gonna have any complaints, we can complete one

Unknown Speaker  1:11:05
more. More questions on that?

Speaker 1  1:11:16
What's the difference between so you talk a little bit about people who do when it's selling and those who don't? Like for the salesperson you talked about? The secretary. So social million, based off of what you sold, there was on track for that. But, but what makes a difference between somebody who can't sell to save their life, and somebody who's

Unknown Speaker  1:11:42
good at it? For before, and

Unknown Speaker  1:11:52
it ultimately comes down to people skills. I am not what you would class as a salesperson.

Speaker 1  1:12:01
What I think of as a salesperson, I That's not me. i When I think of a salesperson, I think of somebody that calls me and harms me about stuff. And I did. Don't get me wrong, it was my job to do that some of the time. But it's also what led me into the whole thing of asking questions, so that I wasn't being intrusive about it. But it ultimately comes down to reading people. And does your client feel customer? Or do they feel comfortable with you? Do they actually want to have

Unknown Speaker  1:12:33
conversations, and some of my clients, this is interesting. So with the Secretary,

Speaker 1  1:12:42
what I found out as the lower quality leads, pricing guides that I handed to her to enter to deal with and then some of the other ones that were coming in. And you know, as the Jobs got bigger, where she did really good at was connecting with people that wanted to have long conversations, she would have been great on Facebook, if we would have trained her as that and developed her job description as that. But the problem, the ones that she had problems with closing with, were the people that caught in and one of the building right away. Because she didn't know how to get the information necessary in that timeframe and didn't connect with them. She wanted to shoot the breeze with them. So I figured out that online for me, my sales pitch my sales approach, and my people that I was really good at. And you're gonna see this in the online industry as well is that the people that I love dealing with people that I was able to close were the people that wanted information now, they wanted a quick and they wanted this immediately. So for me, it became okay, I need to get the information and short as tight as possible. build trust with that customer. And they are business Johnny on the spot. I think the the one that really hit this into my head was he stopped in.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:09
He was a wheat. He grew weed. Pretty sure anyway.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:11
And he wanted a building. And he went next door. They had the approach of my secretary, develop relationship, talk to them.

Speaker 1  1:14:23
And he came in and said, Hey, I need a building. I was like, alright, what what do you need? He's like, Well, this is what I need it for. And this is the size and like, well, I got one in stocks done.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:34
He's like when can you deliver?

Speaker 1  1:14:36
I'm like, let me check with my delivery manager. He's like, I gotta run in town. I'll be back out. He came back out. He's like, You know what, the reason I went with you is like you're you're all business and you're Johnny on the spot. Got me the information necessary, and you're gonna get my building up next week. That's the only reason you didn't waste time. You didn't try to build a relationship with me. You gave me what I wanted. Now out of that The relationship was established. What we run into these people on Facebook or on on online is because it is online as immediate gratification, all my information, and I want it now. And I want as much information as I can get. So when I call you, inside my head, that's what I'm thinking.

Matthias Miller  1:15:18
So somebody who's willing to take their time driving a lot, look at things, it's one of the reasons why these things are different because they're the type of person who is more of the Facebook person, like they want to get the shopper they want to shoot the breeze a little bit with you get to know you build a relationship, and then talk versus the online, you basically flip that persona, and said, like, it is the opposite. Like I can instantly find should dealers in my area, I can click a number, I can see the things I can call, boom, like let's keep it moving. Yes. So Kenyan,

Speaker 1  1:15:49
Florence is back country, not back country. But there though backwards. So I dealt with everything Colorado Springs, as soon as somebody came in from Canyon City, one of the viability automatically because they generally stop in

Unknown Speaker  1:16:06
automatically figured an hour of my time. When I could have

Speaker 1  1:16:11
closed it in Colorado Springs, and my process for anybody in Kansas City in Florence was,

Unknown Speaker  1:16:17
hey, where do you live? Hey, you know,

Unknown Speaker  1:16:20
oh, you they live in that area? Oh, great. Do you know these people? How long have you been in the area, like it was

Speaker 1  1:16:27
all about establishing relationship and the South is is where to find much. But then you have your bigger pockets. And if you're selling into, let's say, Charlson for say, for example, you're gonna run into more people, they're like Johnny on the spot, I want this.

Speaker 2  1:16:40
And that's our state's fields, Winston, Salem, Charlotte, Greensboro. So

Matthias Miller  1:16:45
those are those would be the those would be the locations that metro areas are the ones that drive to online sales. Like let's not even bother putting a lot in there. Let's just drive it online. Right? Generally, generally,

Speaker 1  1:16:55
they may want to come in and see a lot just for what you have in person, because you run to those people. They're like, I saw what you have online, but I've really got to come in and see what great you're always going to have those people. But it came down to that for me. And I it just drove me crazy, because I'm like, I hate it when people stopped me. And unfortunately, that goes into how your salespeople handle people, assuming it just does. But then to that point, my secretary is good at so you have the conversation, you close that sale. Because your chances in the long run I know that I make in here's where as a manager, I had this opportunity. I listened to her conversation. And I saw she's running into problems, I just come out and put a plug in and say, hey, you know what, and you know, I couldn't help but hear conversation. Didn't don't mean intrude. But like, here's something and it might be something that she just didn't think about. It could have been one of those things. It was like, oh, okay, yeah, let's do it.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:54
But for me, like,

Speaker 1  1:17:56
it was automatic, when there was times that people would come in, and the worst part is they wouldn't be around town. And so they're there for two hours, because all of a sudden after explaining our paperwork to them. Well, I didn't have this issue with Denver, and I didn't have this issue with Colorado Springs, because they never came in and be I sent in the information and they read it. If they had questions about it, they read it. They call me back with question. It'd be like, hey, you know, I just don't understand this phrase in this. Okay. Well, let me let me unpack that for you. It took me five minutes.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:25
That's interesting.

Speaker 1  1:18:31
My worst clients were the people that walked in wanted to do a rental home were from here, Westcliffe or Florence,

Unknown Speaker  1:18:37
and brought their kids with them.

Speaker 1  1:18:39
Now, if you're used to doing online sales, and it's taking you 10 to 15 minutes, you're dealing with one person on the phone, you're dealing with three people in your office and a screaming kid.

Matthias Miller  1:18:49
You were talking about going crazy. And if you're personally driven towards getting it done, I think it's really interesting what you're saying about having having two salespeople where you can kind of I mean, was that kind of your dividing point for worse? So if you had a sales team, and you had to say, Hey, I'm gonna have these different types of salespeople, and I'm going to divvy out leads based on X, Y, or Z, how would you, you kind of hit on one Johnny on the spot versus shoot the breeze? Are there other ways that you would

Speaker 1  1:19:26
spit him out? Your salespeople do need to be rounded in both of them and know how to handle both. However, you're going to have some that Excel. And I would figure out a way to split leads so that I know which ones are coming in. And it's just different wording. I mean, it's going to require testing and I'm not going to know immediately. But I would generally send the majority bulk of those to the people that can handle them, giving them the highest closing success. Does that mean that I'm not going to send somebody other direction absolute because they need to know it? But what ends up happening is, and this is where I found out, the last place I was at, is, I don't like Facebook, I don't like Facebook people generally.

Speaker 3  1:20:11
And I was being asked to do that my sociate

Speaker 1  1:20:18
was spent all day on Facebook, even close to it, it made me so frustrated, because I'm like, I'm wasting my time. I know, it's partly my mentality. But the other side of it is, he couldn't close the other type of sales, as he's so knowing that there are different clientele within your bod range online, and knowing how to deal with them, is the biggest thing. And actually, the biggest thing, based off of all of that is knowing how to market your leads up that's the term to use, but split them out so that you know which ones are coming in. Yeah. So the CFO speaking this back to you, right, so the the number one across the board is they gotta have reported people skills. And that's like the make it or break it, if you don't have that. If you have it, you've got a reasonable good chance of success within kind of whatever style might be yours, you're gonna find the style, and you're gonna go with it as a as a salesperson, as a salesperson, it could be that you're all business, and you're okay. Well, guess what, generally the people that are going to be closing the all business sales.

Unknown Speaker  1:21:30
Think about the type of sales that they're making.

Speaker 1  1:21:33
So are they going to be larger projects? Or are they going to be more custom projects? You know, I don't know how your businesses are set up. And like if you're dealing with a business owner, do they have a lot of time to shoot the breeze? They generally want the information quick, and they want to know it's generally a larger deal. So there's going to be people that are really excel at that. And there's also going to be other people that Excel and making the average everyday Joe feel like the most important person in the world and they're

Unknown Speaker  1:22:02
going to buy lot of questions.

Speaker 1  1:22:11
I'm not okay. So you mentioned we've talked in the past, sometimes it's early days to revisit old leads past maybe even past the two week mark. What was your process for revitalizing or pinging old leads? That's difficult, because that's what I'm doing right now.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:43
If you can keep track of your conversation with the customer.

Speaker 1  1:22:48
It's really important. Just it can be paraphrased, that's fine. Probably the the thing that I did to reengage customers the most was if I knew they hadn't bought in a building was to be send them our our deals, or SOFIA us building comeback or something. But something a lot ready for immediate display has to be something that grabs their attention. It's a fallen off the face of the earth. And I've already contacted in five or six times.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:18
Why do they want to talk to me?

Speaker 1  1:23:21
And less there's something that I can offer? Not in words, but in visual that they can be like, Oh, that's cool. I mean, yeah, I want to contact these people. No, which is about the only way and I didn't have any really good because our turnover on us buildings wasn't big enough accompanying have a ton of them. And then there's nothing that will turn them off worse than, you know, once a month following up with them with the same exact buildings. So but then could you utilize a use building and basically you blast it out to 50 people? And then, you know, of course by the time anybody calls back, it's already gone. But you've given them a reason to raise your hand. Yes. Yeah. Which re engages them? Yeah, reengagement. Just the crowd. Yeah. And that's why this came after you clean out your pipeline. And this is all like,

Unknown Speaker  1:24:13
trying to drum up more.

Speaker 1  1:24:15
So there's prioritization. Yeah, in this. So while we're talking about the pipeline, I told you that there's low quality ones plus dealers that are standard. In my pipeline, I had

Unknown Speaker  1:24:27
2600 people.

Speaker 1  1:24:31
Out of those, I was following up actively with about 300. So the rest of them were automatically drips. And then as soon as they got back a reply or whatever, it went into my standard pipeline. But those generally were closing within. Like I said, two weeks. Worst case scenario is about a month. And if they didn't enclose it in a month, sometimes I put it back on the drip campaign at a certain place and allow this conversation to happen and more information to get sent out. and just make a note of the follow up for the regular email in four months time. So it wasn't wasting a

Unknown Speaker  1:25:07
lot of time. But they still got pertinent information.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:14
What makes Anabaptist salespeople?

Unknown Speaker  1:25:19
Talk to me about that.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:22
The emotional response there, this is gonna get bigger

Unknown Speaker  1:25:33
you talked a little bit about this the other day, that for your clients, you weren't

Unknown Speaker  1:25:39
badass enough.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:43
I think it comes down to confidence it's hard work, we're taught to not be okay with rejection.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:01
And you get it as a salesperson all the time. Or we deal a lot with rejection, I think maybe it's

Speaker 1  1:26:08
just me. But like, I think the side of it that I really had to learn, and this is where

Unknown Speaker  1:26:16
Chris Voss also helped,

Speaker 1  1:26:20
both asking the hard questions, and actually knowing that there's an issue there for your customer, and not skirting around it just facing it head on, and just being like, oh, yeah, we are more expensive, or Yeah. But how do you expect me to do this, like, learning outside of it? Because that's not something you were taught as Anabaptist is to question anything you just do. And I think that's probably the the biggest thing to learn, is to actually understand that there's an issue there with their client, and it's probably a lot bigger.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:54
I read a quote the other day. And it

Speaker 1  1:26:58
was saying that, you know, in regards to his opinions and perspectives, what it looks like the 60s and nine

Unknown Speaker  1:27:04
to them, or vice versa. And it

Speaker 1  1:27:09
is the case that if as a salesperson, you're not prepared to hit those questions, which Anabaptist. Some of them are, because we often take our personal life and our business life and segment them. And I do that, but the side of it is like you actually do have to approach that and address those issues, those questions that customer has, and be like, yep, that's an issue, I understand that's an issue for you, and actually have empathy with them in that, and then tell them or explain to them why it is that way. Makes sense. So just to put it differently, it's the end of EPA sculpture is very sensitive to people's approval and acceptance or rejection of them. And if you carry that into a sales conversation, you're always going to be always on the defense always on the defense. And also, it's a very non confrontational. And there's a bit of this, I want you to figure out what I need. Versus I'm going to tell you what I need. And I'm going to end if you are not meeting that need, I'm going to, like flat out till you like. Here it is. Yeah. That somewhat. Yeah. Because I think I think one of the things for me, leads back to the questions that I asked the customer was my reason for asking you what's important to you in this building was it looks or function was because it actually taught me what that little bit about that person. And so automatically said, Man, you know, I need storage. But I, I really want this thing to look at my backyard tells me a little bit about you as a client, that you want things to look nice at your place, and is important to you. So I'm not going to go with the cheapest building, I'm going to tell you that upfront look, you know, based off of what you just told me, here's the building I want to suggest for you. Here's the things that you can do to to make it look even better if you want to. And you don't have to do it right now. You can do them later. But this is going to make your building look really cool. But learning that and then suggesting it because we're also taught as like, the customer's always right, as well. And that's not always the case. And sometimes they actually need to be told that no, you're not right. And here's the reason why. And here, if you just want to make a decision and go with that, that's fine. It's not for me to sit here and argue with you about that fact, because I'm never going to persuade you. And I've told people that multiple times, I'm like, Look, if you don't believe it, if you don't believe this $900 is worth it to you. I'm never going to make you understand that. And just being upfront and telling people that Yeah, that's fine. If it's not important to you and pray is a big factor, we're probably not a good fit for you. And me actually addressing those people call me back and be like, You know what, I think we're gonna go with you. Because it is an issue, it's an issue for them. Frankly, what I spend, if I'm looking for flat out ugly storage, should I spend $900. But if a customer makes me feel, or if the salesperson makes me feel good about my opinion, of being like, you know what, it may not be worthwhile to you, I'm probably going to call that guy back because he had the balls to actually be like quinoa. Yeah, it's not always more expensive. It was not that big a deal, you were not a good fit. Well, guess what it tells me that I like you. You're honest with me, the 900 bucks, I'll give it to you. And I hope you keep it. Like that's, that's kind of where it's at. That's a funny trail. Sorry, I like response time when the new lead comes in. And doesn't matter whether you respond in the first minute, five minutes, 15 minutes, our company policy was five minutes, I tried to put it at two. Now, over the weekend, that's not the case. And it goes till Monday. And depending on the amount of leads you had, and the amount of salespeople we had, sometimes it take me all day

Unknown Speaker  1:31:21
to go through them.

Speaker 1  1:31:24
But if a new lead came in two minutes, if a customer called and left a message. Granted, you're not always able to do this for what the client at the time, it may be half an hour. But to call back and say, you know, I probably this is what the customer took longer than expected. I usually try to get back to you sooner than this. Give me a call back. I'll make it a priority or, you know, something like that. But I don't know. For me, I don't know there was a lot of difference. In closing rates that way. I do know that it goes along with immediate gratification of like I want to answer.

Unknown Speaker  1:32:16
However,

Speaker 1  1:32:18
if I wait 15 minutes, so if I call you back within two minutes, we just run this equation for you. If I call you back within two minutes, it takes me 30 minutes to get the information necessary to send you a quote and I get sent to you and there's no longer anything gratification. It's nice to grab 15 minutes and call you back and get a quote to you at the end of the phone conversation, which is immediate gratification.

Unknown Speaker  1:32:38
Yeah. Okay, so this ties into another question.

Speaker 1  1:32:46
We're looking to have, you know, all the products in the website. And then here's this building, you click a button and say, I want to know how much this thing is. And we're gonna assume that you're gonna get it in a certain size, this style, fill in the blank, you put in your name and email address, hit the button, and then boom, it downloads

Unknown Speaker  1:33:04
like a one page cover sheet with product information. Second page is the is the live price sheet, and then possibly some additional marketing material in that.

Speaker 1  1:33:13
How would you? How would you if you had the opportunity to have some kind of like, tell me immediately what this thing is, as part of the website and lead flow? How would you integrate that into the sales process? Or what would you change about that approach? Can you reword that are like, Okay, you're gonna have a list of buildings. You just pictures, basically pictures, basically. And you click on it to get the price immediately. Yep. And you put in your information? Yep. And you get a cover sheet, price sheet, and more details

Unknown Speaker  1:33:50
on that particular building that particular building,

Unknown Speaker  1:33:52
or do they have do they pick the size they want?

Unknown Speaker  1:33:55
Well, this could be a

Unknown Speaker  1:33:57
size where the specified

Speaker 1  1:33:58
size would be size, we were planning to pre specify, like an inventory list. Yeah, kind of kind of it's not true inventory because we're not you're gonna build it, right. But it's effectively an inventory list. Well, that goes back to that experiment that I did when I was with that company. That's the we call it custom stock

Unknown Speaker  1:34:20
14 day delivery.

Speaker 1  1:34:23
So what it was we offered it in small bite so limited sizes.

Unknown Speaker  1:34:31
Most popular ones.

Speaker 1  1:34:34
And we kept them in style. It's actually have a root word and all of our inventory kept them in stock all the time in particular size. And the ones we kept in stock were always the same colors and we rotated them out. So there would be two colors per building.

Unknown Speaker  1:34:48
And so he sold one

Speaker 1  1:34:49
in this tan color. The next one day went the same exact size, same exact layout, a gray color. So we ended up happening is we did a 14 day A custom stock, they could call in an order that particular building with no changes to the door layout, the window layout, get the building in 14 days guaranteed. And they can pick colors. The thing that we had missing was a leak collection. So if they were wanting to do a quote, so we started doing a landing page, before that, I didn't have a lot of good success with that landing page. But based off of what you're doing, I actually think that sounds like a great idea

Unknown Speaker  1:35:33
if your cover page is built on how your product to justify the

Speaker 1  1:35:42
price. So if your cover page is built off of justifying the price that comes next, where they're not expecting the cheapest, I had it done but like, you're not expecting the cheapest that you're expecting it pricey. It's just like this, like I don't know, if you want to pull this up ever. But studio sheds, I brought this up to you a couple times. Look them up. They're out of Denver, as soon as I go on the website, I'm like, these guys are gonna be expensive. And they are an eight by 10. To your shirt. It's like 25 grand. But I expected it from the time that I got on the website. I looked at it and I'm like was the school is different? I don't see a chip company doing this. Now am I still a little shocked? Yeah. But on the other side of it, I kind of expected it, I'm leaning in towards it already. I'm just like, Oh, my God. And now but guess what, I can read a little bit more about it. And then I can call the client. And as the as the salesperson is knowledgeable and friendly, and interacts with me 25 grand 25 grand, I know I'm gonna get this building, because I know what to expect. So based off of that, I think it's a great idea.

Speaker 2  1:37:01
So talk to me about you said you didn't have a lot of success with a landing page. And that particular methodology were what was the shortcomings

Speaker 1  1:37:12
could contact people. So we had a couple by now calls for those particular buildings. And what I found out as a, and I don't know, if it was just a waiver of marketing, I don't know what it was. But for some reason I couldn't eat, couldn't contact a customer or B, when I did contact the customer, they wanted a completely different built. In maybe it was just our clientele in the area that we were advertising, I don't know, I didn't, I wasn't able to do testing on that one to figure it out. But if you're on a website based off of what you're saying is you're on the website, and there's a list, you can go on the like get price now. And they put in their name and phone number, email or zip code or whatever you're doing.

Unknown Speaker  1:38:01
And it comes back with an estimated price. With a bunch of information, they can actually print that quote out.

Unknown Speaker  1:38:08
I mean, I think it seems pretty. Pretty legit

Speaker 1  1:38:11
as a lead source. I don't know. If you're thinking automatic sales. I don't know how that's gonna work. But what if we

Speaker 2  1:38:19
we've been toying with another idea and have yet to convince anybody but and this comes from Tesla's website, but like you go through and their their design process for their cars is stupid, simple. I mean, most options, you think the paint colors, the max one that has the max amount of options, I think it's five. Everything else is like ones and twos. And but the very end, they say reserve this car today for and they give $1 value like 650 bucks. And you can reserve that car instantaneously.

Unknown Speaker  1:38:53
Do you think after work?

Unknown Speaker  1:38:58
What's your end goal for? I mean, obviously the sale?

Speaker 2  1:39:02
Essentially it's somewhat Yeah, it's a sale. And it's if you can, if you can get someone to cross the threshold of actually giving you real money.

Speaker 1  1:39:10
They're gonna call you back. There's two ways of looking at it. I think it can be successful.

Unknown Speaker  1:39:15
The downside is

Speaker 1  1:39:18
unless you have a system process in place to do change orders easily get really frustrated. Your salespeople get really

Unknown Speaker  1:39:25
frustrated or your book work.

Speaker 1  1:39:30
Because what happens when you start refunding that money or

Unknown Speaker  1:39:35
switching it to a different

Speaker 1  1:39:37
paperwork is the only issue that I see with that. If you haven't thought through that side, and you're like, Yeah, let's do it. And you're still running off on some system of paperwork and you have to track it all down. That's just the

Unknown Speaker  1:39:51
personal problem. That's what I heard before.

Unknown Speaker  1:39:56
Yeah, interesting. So

Unknown Speaker  1:39:59
I No change orders will be really really simple. I'm of the

Unknown Speaker  1:40:02
opinion that

Unknown Speaker  1:40:05
3d configurators and

Speaker 1  1:40:08
such like, are too complicated for customers to understand that I'm not calling customer stupid. But we overwhelm them with the buying choices, which is why I like studio chips

Speaker 2  1:40:22
so I've heard a lot of sales guys say that 3d configurators haven't like, boosted their sales by

Speaker 1  1:40:28
they have because it's visual. But the next step is how many when you get to the time management How much could I change the look of your building because ultimately the customer only cares about look and functionality of their building. So do they care if has eight inch overhangs or 12 inch overhang? Nobody cares? Yeah. Okay, or no occasional occasionally people do. Now, if I want an English tutor looking shed to match into my English tutor house doesn't have overhangs. Do English tutor houses have overhangs on them? No, not really. So as a sales tool on the sales side, it's great. But giving these options to people so studio shed, I love them because you go on their website. Every model has five sizes, it's in somewhere right around five they don't even offer options for Windows.

Unknown Speaker  1:41:32
Here's your layout. They're like you want those walls

Speaker 1  1:41:36
to look like this. Do you want it to look like this done? Do you want this type of window or do you want a door done all of a sudden you get a completely different looking building on the exterior and you didn't make it hard for the customer to find it's just a clip on the wall.

Unknown Speaker  1:41:52
I liked that wall.

Speaker 1  1:41:55
So 3d configurators I love them. Especially some of them have 45 million options on it guess what the customer does is the gratification. This is complicated on balance. So unless they can get the information necessary to get what they want I'm like dumb this whole freaking thing down this thing down for the customers if you want to get access to your salespeople to add these options on the back end great you know as a as a pricing totally or as just a visual, I don't really care. But on the customer side dumbing down give them as many looks as possible. As

Unknown Speaker  1:42:39
as finished looks as finished

Unknown Speaker  1:42:40
looks more even or even hey, look, you know what we offer

Unknown Speaker  1:42:45
three sizes of Windows.

Speaker 1  1:42:48
That's it. And this is the type of window we offer. But you know what's gonna look what's gonna change and look at this whole thing? What am I building people don't understand this and you can't sell it as a salesperson what happens if I want with a black window instead of white window? Oh, it completely changed and that's what people are going for. So if I can actually send that over to them, and they're like, Whoa, that looks expensive.

Unknown Speaker  1:43:14
So does a black window

Unknown Speaker  1:43:15
look more expensive than a white window?

Speaker 2  1:43:18
I think it's the reason we're seeing a lot of our leads come through and the the metal siding stuff like it is that expensive look

Speaker 1  1:43:27
it's a different look. So if you can allow that to look expensive all the stuff people actually expect expensive

Speaker 2  1:43:34
yeah but but if that lead comes in and the person if the salesperson wants to sell them cheap then as soon as they get that bleeding

Speaker 1  1:43:41
but see that's the mentality Yeah. So then by the way so how do you fix the mentality of like we had

Unknown Speaker  1:43:51
yeah we don't have water it's

Unknown Speaker  1:44:25
are you guys running around? No air conditioning

Unknown Speaker  1:44:30
how many companies do you have?

Unknown Speaker  1:44:47
Are you part A?

Speaker 2  1:44:52
There's three main companies. Each one of these companies has a number of different smaller shops underneath them. The three the three main ones are North Carolina. There's main the main shops are in North Carolina, Ohio and Indiana. And but the main each one of those shops has Holmes County. Of course, we're also in Ohio, which

Unknown Speaker  1:45:15
I grew up northeast. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:45:19
But each one of those has, you know, three or four small little shops underneath them Yeah, I grew up was

Unknown Speaker  1:45:28
the Canton. Okay? Yep.

Unknown Speaker  1:45:51
I'm sorry to interrupt your question. No worries. So we had a lead come through the lady who has a salon business at her house. And what do you do with the instinct to? Alright, it's

Unknown Speaker  1:46:10
really expensive. It's really expensive shit. Like, let's try to sell on something that's less expensive.

Unknown Speaker  1:46:17
Is that just strictly mindset on the salesperson? Is there any particular particularly good way to help?

Speaker 1  1:46:26
We have to ask you a question, we have to ask the question of why you want to sell them cheaper.

Unknown Speaker  1:46:32
The perception is competition.

Speaker 1  1:46:39
Because that way your clients come with you. Because they want a cheaper shed, or they're looking for multiple prices. The most bang for the buck?

Speaker 3  1:46:51
If you want to pull back this layer, it's because of the competition because we think that it's not possible to close the client at a higher price versus

Unknown Speaker  1:47:02
kind of erupted. But no, that's That's right. So

Unknown Speaker  1:47:06
my approach

Speaker 1  1:47:09
my approach with a lady that you just said, Hey, I hate salons, when they call them say the shed for salon.

Unknown Speaker  1:47:20
But be is, what's your budget?

Unknown Speaker  1:47:26
Because if you tell me that it's going to be five grand, I'm gonna say you know what we can't do?

Unknown Speaker  1:47:35
You want a salon?

Speaker 1  1:47:37
Do you want your clients coming in? Like they're looking in the shed? No, you want it nice, it's going to be finished out. When somebody tells me that they're looking at a short at a salon, you're looking at a minimum of 15k. A minimum? Well, if you're not prepared for that, as a customer, I have to educate you on that. The fact of the matter is, is that the average salesperson isn't going to educate you

Unknown Speaker  1:48:04
on anything. I mean, they will to a point to get a sale.

Unknown Speaker  1:48:10
But if some if a lady calls in and says, you know, I want a salon from my backyard,

Unknown Speaker  1:48:17
what's your budget?

Unknown Speaker  1:48:19
It's five grand.

Unknown Speaker  1:48:23
We're like,

Unknown Speaker  1:48:23
Okay, are you planning on having one or two people? And

Unknown Speaker  1:48:28
what size do you need? Well, I

Speaker 1  1:48:29
don't really know. Because their salon that they're renting is 400 bucks a month. And it's this size. And it has water hookups, and it's got all this stuff.

Unknown Speaker  1:48:40
And now I'm gonna go down the reasons

Speaker 1  1:48:42
of why this building is gonna cost you 15 grand, and a standard salespersons. Like, oh, especially with the shed industry, it seems like what the dealership model is all about oh sale. So let's close you on what we have in stock. Versus when you're when you're looking at it, I could be wrong on this. But when you're looking at a custom build for something like a salon, I automatically know you're going to be dropping money on. The question comes as does your budget fit with what's in your head? Because that's for me to determine as a salesperson. And if it doesn't, then I have to educate you on why it doesn't. or point them in your direction that didn't make like and if our company isn't in our company as an app, that's frustrating as a salesperson.

Unknown Speaker  1:49:38
But some people's reality

Speaker 1  1:49:38
does line up with their budget. And mine doesn't really if i i want X, Y and Z and I don't know why she costs too much, or why does it cost so much and I'm familiar with construction industry. Half these people aren't actually more than that, but there's a reason they're coming to you. So inexperienced sales force Somebody asked, what's your budget? 5k? Can't do it an experienced salesperson is what's your budget? 5k? Okay, what's the basis of that your 400 $1 a month, let's see what's going into that you have utilities you've got, you got water you got, you know, fill in the blank. Or it's be like 5k. You know, we really can't get you what you're looking for for 5k. And here's the reason why you want this building to look nice on the inside. So that means that we're going to have insulation, we're going to have some wiring, we're going to have this we're going to have this and guess what, you're probably going to require a permit, especially for hooking up the plumbing. Have you checked in with the city? Like, have you like all this stuff? And all like, all of a sudden, it starts adding value in their head. They're like, Oh, you guys take care of that. Boy knows it's gonna be expensive project. But guess what I can do? Yeah. So it shifts their mindset, we're inexperienced salesperson would be like, five kick, huh, I can't do that. But here's the shed that I can get you what's not even anywhere close to what they want. Right? And it's like, so, and sometimes it doesn't come to that, like I tell people straight up. We can't get you that building. You know, for 5k Here's what you can get. The worst part is, is that they say that they want us to buy 24 building and they won't pay $100 a month. Well, good luck. I mean, that's when you laugh. And just be like, you know, I can't sorry. Like, you go to the bank. And you see if you can get a payment for $100 a month I'm like, we can't do that. Definitely not and rent a home as I just told you it's the most expensive way to buy shin. Makes sense? So take a minute to do it. The last question I had was

Unknown Speaker  1:51:57
eight Hello. Yes. Can you hear me? Okay, the last question I

Matthias Miller  1:52:29
have, which I'm gonna drop down and maybe straight up. Halloween is like, as far as leaving voicemails for customers anything specific with that? Did you ever do text message conversations with them? What did text communication look like? Sort of emails, anything?

Speaker 1  1:52:48
amount of information, number of questions and an email ways to streamline the email process

Unknown Speaker  1:53:00
ask your question and run away.

Unknown Speaker  1:53:06
Ultimately, any method of communication comes down to the client.

Unknown Speaker  1:53:11
So if your client is all business, your voicemails will be business.

Speaker 1  1:53:19
If they want to talk, it's gonna be like, Hey, how's it going today? I just wanted to check in, you know, let me know if you have questions better than however you wanted to word it. Your tone is just probably been changed just a bit. If they're all businesses, like, hey, it's Eric over here, wherever. Just call it to follow up with you want to see if you have questions, let me know. I'm available in setting timeframe, to contact you at email, especially if

Speaker 2  1:53:52
you're saying setting time come time for them to contact you or for you to contact that

Unknown Speaker  1:53:58
contact you.

Unknown Speaker  1:54:01
So I'm available at such a such application. That gives them a target number. Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:54:09
But also tells them that you're not available all the time. So if I tell you that I'm available for three to four and if you want to get this building totally back between three or four, I have I have an onslaught of a sense of urgency and me as a customer, that if I want this building and you call get three to four, or at least text you or email you and say you know I can't make three to four, it's probably gonna be 430 Great. You know, I I do have five minutes at 430

Speaker 3  1:54:38
Just I think you just walk out and gold just drops I'm sorry. I knew it was good question. I

Speaker 1  1:54:44
wanted to let him in. Yeah, so that has ultimately been one of the most helpful things for me to is because for so long, I'm like yeah, just call me anytime. No Don't don't actually want that to happen. I want you to call me a specific time creating sense of urgency. And but yeah, and here's the thing, you may be like skirting the truth a little bit by saying that it's, you know, you have an opening at 430 to five in the evening, or and they're like, Well, I can't get there. You know, I can't I can't I can't call you back until at least 530. Well, guess what, you know, I have five minutes for you. It's 530. Well, in reality you have all day open, because your job is a salesperson, but they don't know that. And someone may call you on that and be like, well, you know, I've got other clients, I'm dealing with some boats episode out. Can you take a call in the middle of there? Absolutely. But side of it is, do you want to, because your efficiency goes down. And then on top of it's like, you know, what it is, it is sense of

Unknown Speaker  1:55:51
urgency for you.

Speaker 1  1:55:54
And the other thing is, is like on contracts, I started sending times for them. You know, what, call me, I was wrapped up in five minutes. And I'd be on the phone with them like, Okay, here's the information I need. And I would set up for them up front, especially on rent to home. So there's a list of things you need to rent out on how you guys do it, but as a ID or whatever. Like, here's the things I need, I need an ID, I need a credit card number. And I need a

Unknown Speaker  1:56:25
reference number. I'll call you at 330.

Speaker 1  1:56:30
And I'll have this contract over two minutes. So I build everything out.

Unknown Speaker  1:56:36
sitting there telling me get this stuff to me. And

Speaker 1  1:56:42
generally, I tried to get him to send it to me via email. So not on the phone. But again, because that just takes time. They sent it over to me send everything. And then the other side of it is depending on how it will go. If it's a rent to own contract. I'll be like, can you send me this information, and I'd hound them for that stuff. Like it's rent to own and I need an ID, Hey, you want to this building? I need your ID, I need your ID. Like you want to get this building tomorrow. I need your ID. Today. I needed it five minutes ago. And alright hound him all day long. Like, hey, guess what? You gave me a commitment and saying you want this building, you just have to give me your ID and your credit card information. Right? So I would text them and be like, Hey, I got your I have your contract here. All I asked to be entered is and I send that over to me. And then I started actually splitting them out to be like, can you send me your ID and people send you one thing quickly. Five things that don't sound quite right. So I would do that and be like, Alright, your contracts in your inbox, I'll call you in five minutes, or five minutes isn't gonna work, it's gonna be 530, I'll call you at 530.

Unknown Speaker  1:57:59
I'll click the credit card,

Speaker 1  1:58:01
this thing needs to be signed first. And almost immediately they've been signed. So they get signed quick. And then all I have to do is a two minute phone conversation to collect the deposit. And I'm done. Hey, thanks. Great. Here's your confirmation email. But it, I learned that setting time limits where they think that you're available. There's a sense of urgency, that means that you're doing something like you're efficient, you, as a salesperson on the company are efficient, and I can't waste your time. So ultimately, it just made it easier for production and delivery. So you set that expectation as a salesperson on the print side. We're busy, we're gonna get the product. Here's what we're not back at. But here's our requirements for you as a client. What else? Anything else?

Speaker 3  1:58:59
You know? Oh, this is when notes. Sorry, I missed this one. product knowledge. Were there specific features or parts of product knowledge that

Speaker 1  1:59:15
were more important or valuable than others? Or was it just the product knowledge around this deep product knowledge all around us? So how would you know which one to use? By the questions that I asked. So pick a thing right now what makes your what makes your buildings different than the rest of competitors? Just one area don't don't choose a broad range. Just say one area and this is what makes us different type of lumber. What type of lumber

Speaker 2  1:59:49
some sort of European spurs that has a whole lot less knots and

Unknown Speaker  1:59:54
performance or problems. Yeah sure.

Unknown Speaker  1:59:59
Why Do I care about them?

Unknown Speaker  2:00:02
Because it looks better on the inside.

Unknown Speaker  2:00:08
So who's going to care about what the inside looks like? So like, I'm in a trick question, no, no. Well, it'd be somebody. And so here's where I'm, here's where I'm at. What are you using this building for? My home office.

Speaker 1  2:00:29
Now I can go into why this product is good. Now, if you say, Okay, the reason our building is different, it's $900 more, because we're using an LP smartphone.

Unknown Speaker  2:00:44
Who does that matter to? Somebody

Speaker 1  2:00:48
that's going to be storing lawn equipment in it? That has water running? Okay? No, PII is known to be water resistance. Great. Well, your competitor has plywood floor, it's not water resistant. It Alas, great. It's actually an eighth of an inch thicker than the LP. Okay, but this is water resistant. So when I asked the question, what are you using this building for? It all of a sudden told me, what I need to say is different about this building, I'm not going to pick 15 different things. I'm gonna pick the one thing, the one thing that matters to them. And I'm like, okay, so you're starting lawn equipment. Here's what we do. We have aluminum ramps, do you want to add this on? I'm not gonna go into the whole thing. You're using this for yard equipment. And we have five different window styles?

Unknown Speaker  2:01:38
What do you care about that? Right? I care about ramp, I care about this, I care about storage, these are the three things I'm gonna upsell you on. These are the three things that our product is really good at. I'm going to tell you about these. And then if you ask me more

Speaker 1  2:01:54
specific questions, I'm going to the 15 others, but I didn't waste my time giving them information they don't care about.

Matthias Miller  2:02:01
So part of part of the product knowledge training, then is actually let me walk you through like here are the use cases. And when you're talking to somebody, if somebody comes to you, for lawn storage, somebody comes with you for a wood workshop thing, or somebody comes for you to you with for their motorcycle or the car, or they're like these are the respective ones that we should.

Unknown Speaker  2:02:21
Like, this is what you should talk about.

Speaker 1  2:02:23
So here's the other thing, somebody comes to me and says they want to workshop. And I have a size limit of 200 square feet. And these are two buildings I'm looking at.

Unknown Speaker  2:02:37
What are you going to sell them

Speaker 1  2:02:40
a 10 by 20 or 12 by 16. I maximize I sold the 12 by 16. Or any of them. And the reasoning was was I'd be in this building, I'm like, here's the thing you buy you have a 200 square foot limit.

Speaker 3  2:03:01
Great. Here's the building is 200 square feet, here's 190 square feet.

Speaker 1  2:03:08
Now I want you to imagine flipping a four by eight sheet of plywood around inside this.

Unknown Speaker  2:03:17
I want you to imagine your chain.

Unknown Speaker  2:03:20
I want you to imagine a table saw set up in the middle of this thing if

Unknown Speaker  2:03:25
you lost eight square feet. It's more usable, based off of your

Speaker 1  2:03:32
usage. So I didn't even bother going down the route of anything else with these clients. I just said hey, you know what? It's up to you. You can have eight square feet more works out really good for storage. If you're using this more storage and you're like and that would be my question. I'm using this as a workshop. What do you do?

Unknown Speaker  2:03:49
Whoo, I create little

Speaker 1  2:03:50
knickknacks. Next question. Are you gonna have bandsaw on here? Now scrollsaw yeah tablesaw

Unknown Speaker  2:03:59
here I think you should go look in this

Speaker 1  2:04:01
one. And the reason I'm going to tell you it's eight square feet less it feels bigger inside.

Unknown Speaker  2:04:10
So in your

Speaker 1  2:04:11
product training your product knowledge is knowing what your customer is using it for and it can be mentioned

Unknown Speaker  2:04:15
in passing. And it can be just said hey, you know what?

Speaker 1  2:04:20
A room. Do I want a 10 by 20 room? No, I don't want 12 by 16 and for is bigger, it's less square footage is wider. I want an office going eight by 12 Probably not. It's 96 square feet you know so product knowledge comes down to it leads back this whole thing too many options on the customer 3d Configurator it's like this information is actually not important to the customer. It actually clouds their buying judgment. So I my viewpoint was to simplify it. Somebody come Sam asked me, are you $900 More expensive than the guys across the street?

Unknown Speaker  2:05:05
You know, that's a great question.

Speaker 1  2:05:07
Okay, tell you what, what are you using this building for? And I try to get that information first. And then they're like, You know what, I'm using it for storage, I'm using it for garage, I'm using it for this. Here's why we're not, we're not. We have a lot of resistance for that three quarters pilot over there. As soon as he gets water on it, it's gonna sit there for a little bit, it's gonna bubble there, you know, whatever your sales pitch is going to be. They don't care that your flooring is five eighths is still a three quarter. They care about the water resistance. They care about, oh, are you 12 inches on center, eight inches on center, it doesn't particularly matter. You can be 12 inches on center on the two by six and eight inches on center. Oh two by foot? How do you sell it to a customer? Like, it doesn't matter to them. And if I wanted it up, so they did contact me. And they're like, Well, I want this building and I'm gonna be parking everywhere. Well, great, I'm willing to suggest our garage because, well, I know this is not, this is overkill for your ATVs it has an upgraded flooring. It's gonna last you forever, I can sell you on that and all of a sudden, it becomes important to you. You know what, that's why it's $900 difference. That's why it's $500 difference. It's it's just how you frame it for the customer. Which the Robert go to book or whatever it says how to

Unknown Speaker  2:06:30
close it. So I think be interesting. Well,

Speaker 1  2:06:37
what are the core aspects question? Because if I walk out, yeah, I'm gonna

Unknown Speaker  2:06:42
start I'm gonna say my good question till now. Okay, so

Speaker 1  2:07:42
if you have time, I think be interesting to go down some of the most common use cases, and like how did you spell sell each particular use case? So, for example, if this is, if I'm going down rabbit trails, we shouldn't go down, feel free to jump in and shut me off. But like household storage? How would you show us? How would How would you sell household storage? What were the common questions? And how did you? So when you sell household or when you're storing household storage, you're gonna have this intense? How is it Christmas items? Those are two major questions that I asked. Because tells me that I can self show them. It tells me what type of show me myself. And if it's Christmas, guess what, I want to shove it out of the way until Christmas comes. So guess what you probably want to watch. You don't want to sitting on a show. Unless you're like all out Christmas and you have an entire building in the garage dedicated to it. Like, you know, that's understandable. But yeah, like, that's, that's more of the route like, Oh, you want to store a Christmas tree, guess what kind of want it out of the way is bulky. And you just want to place to shut. Like, that's me. I have a crawlspace under my house. It's shut, you know, I don't want to like package it up. And you know, I want to do the least amount of fluffing next year as possible on Christmas treat and like so it goes there. Same thing for the ship. You want it out of your garage, it takes up a ton of space. It was put somewhere else shove it out of the way I can forget it pile up the ladder, I can pull it out and be done. And I can use the bottom for something else. So it directed me to being like, Oh, you like the barn style. I'm not a big fan of own style. But you're gonna get the best storage in stores. If it's household items that you may think you may need and you're going to store in totes. Here's the buildings I'm going to suggest for you.

Unknown Speaker  2:09:46
And like, here's the shelving system,

Speaker 1  2:09:50
and they can be set up whatever you want. It's 18 inches, which isn't a standard or whatever. It's big enough for it to get there. Um, storage, kind of down same row. But that's where I split it off in the wrong storage or not offices, gardening sheds, I started really diving down thing is looks important to you, because most of these people were like, you want a cheap garden sheds. Great, you can grab them somewhere, you want to look really cool. You want to invite all your friends out, to see it after the fact, if that's the vibe, I get off

Unknown Speaker  2:10:28
the view of like,

Speaker 1  2:10:31
you know, if you'd like to have people over and you'd like to entertain, then Jen is probably going to be pretty important. As far as looks go. And I'm not even going to focus on the inside. As much as I'm gonna focus on the outside. Here's the things I will suggest you want some shutters on this thing, here's the paint colors that are probably going to be really good for you unless you have to match your house. Where do you want to project and you're going to take this on, and it just allowed me to dumb down the options, so I'm not wasting all my time up. So now, if there's a standard go to that you want to upsell, great. Just tell your salespeople that say hey, this is what we're gonna sell. And maybe it's on a monthly basis, this thing we're going to have so many monthly basis, like May through August, we're going to upsell, any kind of event that we can get. Because that's really important.

Unknown Speaker  2:11:19
It's hot, where we're selling.

Speaker 1  2:11:23
You know, through the wintertime, you got a bunch of snow, this is your upsell, we're gonna upsell the floor. This is what we're gonna critique kind of my methodology behind it.

Unknown Speaker  2:11:38
But that was

Speaker 1  2:11:42
there's different viewpoints on it. And I'll say either one is right or wrong. It's just that it's what works for me, and allowed me to manage my time better. Make sense of anything in particular around pool houses, pet shelters, play houses.

Unknown Speaker  2:12:00
Pet shelters, is all

Speaker 1  2:12:01
about how you affect their hands. Not about them so much. Now, you have people that really want to, like legit correspond, and you're dealing with something. But that became really about the details that helps them like,

Unknown Speaker  2:12:23
you know what, here's what we do to prevent curving.

Speaker 1  2:12:27
Here's what we do to prevent kicking the walls out. Well, you want metal on the outside or you want metal on the outside, they kick through it. And then you're left with a bit like really

Unknown Speaker  2:12:42
cool houses, pool houses.

Speaker 1  2:12:44
I didn't sell many of them. So I don't really have a lot of options on those. But those definitely deal with books and versatility of the inside. But definitely the looks on how we're going to fit in the backyard.

Unknown Speaker  2:12:58
Landscaping. Cool. That's probably a better question that people would actually deal with them, but not exactly. The pool house

Speaker 1  2:13:09
area right here. So like, the interesting thing is, this leads me to a bunch of what's your clientele where you sell to? You said Holmes County was one

Speaker 2  2:13:24
home and that particular area is not the problem. We're having issues with them as far as the sales side, North Carolina that are the North Carolina side is where we're having sales issues. And a lot of what we're trying to figure out is Is it a leaflet problem is a salesperson problem. Like what why do we have slow sales in North Carolina and I've been identified quite a number of things I think we have problems

Unknown Speaker  2:13:53
I think that I'm not super familiar with where your friends operate downward. But I had a friend who was sold in North Carolina in the trial. Let me do really well. Now Holmes county area in my opinion seems to be able to hire clients off of just North Carolina actually, depending on where you're out, it seems to be

Unknown Speaker  2:14:40
higher as well.

Speaker 2  2:14:42
Well, and and this this whole thing of asking questions, I think is a really big key point when I I don't see them asking questions and getting to good answers.

Unknown Speaker  2:14:57
So it

Speaker 2  2:14:59
this has been really, really Good to figure out some of the questions that are that produce answers that lead to

Unknown Speaker  2:15:06
results. How old is your client base? In North Carolina?

Speaker 1  2:15:15
Just your salespeople kind of know. I mean, it doesn't have to be present, but do I think most of them are over 40?

Unknown Speaker  2:15:21
Under 40? I would say probably over 40 Would I think that's what they've said from prior conversations that was their best guess over 40?

Speaker 1  2:15:30
And are they people that have grown up there? Or people are moving in

Speaker 2  2:15:38
look at the areas that are being currently sold into then it's people that have been there for a long time. And the part that's really frustrating to me is the areas I really want to target are going to be a younger it's going to be a younger generation and it's going to be people that have moved in Charlotte I mean, biggest banking capital to us. I mean, you've got loads of people coming into that area for that very reason. So they didn't grow up they're they're they're a younger crowd, they are much more techy, much more gonna be online sales. Same thing with Winston Salem Winston Salem is a big hospital area, and a lot of college people coming into that area for for graduate programs for going into hospital into medical. The the odd one out of there, well, Greensboro kind of ties into that because it's kind of almost an extension of Winston Salem, but and then you get like Lexington, which is a little more rule or rule of a town, though those areas have been like should be really good hotspots and can't seem to close sales or salespeople local.

Speaker 1  2:16:45
Yeah, I grew up there. How is your average?

Speaker 2  2:16:50
Well for North Carolina we just put one in that's going to be targeting those areas and she's over 40 that yet no she's right now.

Unknown Speaker  2:17:00
Not quite 40

Speaker 2  2:17:03
Now the guys have been Virginia that that that particular clientele would seem to lend itself more towards the been there for a long time. A little bit older crowd those guys are both older and it just seems like low close rates

Unknown Speaker  2:17:27
so is the issue

Speaker 1  2:17:36
in in North Carolina? Or let's say this for Virginia? For sake of example, we'll use those.

Unknown Speaker  2:17:43
They're both older. Seems

Speaker 1  2:17:44
like your client tells me been there for a while. Are you focusing on online sales? Are you focusing on dealership model

Unknown Speaker  2:17:51
dealership model?

Unknown Speaker  2:17:55
And what kind of product are they looking for? And what will you sell them

Speaker 2  2:17:58
out there? I mean, all of our sheds are on the upper end of of the quality

Unknown Speaker  2:18:07
spectrum. And

Speaker 2  2:18:12
the particular one of the particular areas of the South Boston area of Virginia the guy that's selling there is he's older and still trying to crack the code why he doesn't sell what is it that and the particular the buildings that stand that tend to sell there are probably more in the barn category. Okay. Can my 20s 20 fours top six teams that does those sizes

Unknown Speaker  2:18:50
we do

Speaker 2  2:18:53
if they if they're not going more of the painted route than they tend to be more I mean we've we've pushed pretty hard on our new metal siding that that we have and and there's I feel like that's starting to grab a hole but that's a whole nother jump in price

Unknown Speaker  2:19:06
tag. The reason I'm asking you that was just like I wasn't able to fully flesh this out. There was a part of me that would have loved to be part of a sales team that we could flesh out selling via personality

Unknown Speaker  2:19:25
and find out

Speaker 1  2:19:29
I was gonna get into a very interesting interview, but if you guys gotta go, just tell me. We're good. I

Speaker 3  2:19:41
ruined your salespeople. Say we want to sell anywhere else.

Speaker 1  2:19:48
Do you have somebody that's really good. If there was a way to come up with five questions to ask a customer based on the product that you're selling? That told you their personality and you put them in touch with the correct person to close that personality people, I wonder what the close rate will be.

Unknown Speaker  2:20:12
But

Speaker 1  2:20:15
part of the reason I was asking the question is good old boys and parts of the US like to be sold, like the world's

Unknown Speaker  2:20:26
the younger crowd doesn't mind being sold to by

Speaker 1  2:20:30
older people, as long as they're knowledgeable and get the information, they speak the same. So one of the biggest things that I did, and here's the problem with little boy approach, is the fact that you have a hard time driving a sale, the younger crowd, the online crowd, it's actually easier to ask them for a sale, because it is immediate gratification. The middle boy approach is hard, because it's like, okay, where do I ask, When do I ask, Are these guys actually ready, they're just kicking the tires, and they have to take their backhoe out, create something on their land, before they doesn't matter, you're gonna be eight weeks out. But before you order the building, either on flat spot, you know, really, is that the type of people. And so I think that's often the hard point in a lot of these areas, is actually judging who the clientele is. And then actually knowing doesn't mean you have to be more person selling, it just means that their approach may need to be adjusted for those. No. And it's like, you know, for sake of example, by a competitor here, dealt with rockets, they outsold me. And I found this out after the fact.

Unknown Speaker  2:21:38
They didn't say they are sold, but they would sell to

Speaker 1  2:21:43
southern Colorado, which is good ol boys, I don't care that I found out later that anytime somebody came in from Colorado Springs, they lost their business to us every single time.

Speaker 3  2:21:56
And they couldn't compete. Because their approach was your approach is different approach is different.

Speaker 1  2:22:02
And so knowing your clientele of who you're actually selling to, and you're going to have some overlay, don't get me wrong, there's good old boys, pockets the city too. But as a general rule, knowing who your clientele is, and how you need to focus on them, and sales is probably going to help the most. So if you know that, hey, I need to be spending a little bit more time establishing a relationship with us like, Hey, do I need to ask this question of, hey, you know, how's it going, like, I grew up over in that area, and what's happening on this road? Like, you know, there was some road construction or like, what's going on? Okay, well, how can I help and still being able to direct them, but still, like creating that rapport with them and being like, you know, part of this, then they can buy off of you. And it doesn't matter if it's young or old, some of them, like be older, and some of them are like, No, we need to support the young kids. But it does affect your approach. And then if you're selling in some big area, and you're like, where's this building monitor? Okay. Here's how I need to approach that.

Speaker 2  2:23:14
Yeah, and see the the good old way approach, I think, for both of our Virginia people is exactly the approach they need to be but sitting in Mocksville, between Winston Salem and Statesville and Charlotte and that whole triangle

Unknown Speaker  2:23:29
I got some work to do. I mean, yeah.

Speaker 2  2:23:34
Cool. Which is, which is a little bit frustrating because her personality

Unknown Speaker  2:23:44
Yeah, unfortunately,

Speaker 1  2:23:46
what maybe it was the possibility maybe it means the tech team there.

Unknown Speaker  2:23:55
Maybe it's just not a girl very we can talk about with

Speaker 2  2:23:57
I mean, I guess this this comes back to the whole question about how to teach people you know, this, like learning the ability to approach sale complete different based on the person that you're talking to.

Unknown Speaker  2:24:09
How do you teach that and how can they read people? Know you have experience in sales? This person know? Yeah, and how our average?

Speaker 2  2:24:26
Yeah, probably between 35 to 35 and 40. I mean, she comes out of the, her husband's one of our haulers. And he would make a fantastic salesperson. But unfortunately, but but let me stop. But she comes out of like she was doing. She was working as a waitress. And so she knows how to talk to people.

Speaker 1  2:24:52
customer service customer service. Yeah, and probably the biggest thing is just teaching her how to ask and And probably the best way to do this is actually ask her. How did you know which tables that you wanted to wait on your

Unknown Speaker  2:25:08
waitress? Okay. Did you know

Speaker 1  2:25:16
that every single time that something went south at this table, you just kind of had an inkling

Unknown Speaker  2:25:20
that was gonna happen? What was the tell?

Speaker 1  2:25:24
What was the town? Yeah, ask her. She may not know that and just say okay, now? Yeah, most people do. Yeah. But you may not be able to name it. Like, for me, I can read it. I may not be able to name it. Yeah. So then just be like, okay, when you're on the phone?

Unknown Speaker  2:25:41
Does your body remember this? Follow

Unknown Speaker  2:25:46
it. Oh, no, no, it and follow it.

Speaker 1  2:25:48
And like some people asked me, some of them are like, How in the world? Would you do that?

Unknown Speaker  2:25:52
And sales? Frankly, I don't know. That sounds stupid.

Unknown Speaker  2:25:59
But there is a point

Speaker 1  2:25:59
where it's like, I know asked me to nail it down. I can't give you the exact specifics like written out. I can tell you the things that helped me, I can tell you the things that I learned over time that really helped me the things I knew about myself. And things I learned about customers, but there's also that that innate thing inside of each of us, you answer the phone with somebody and you're like, yeah, there's an email that comes across to you. And you're like, ah, you know, really, this type of person? Well, guess what, then I respond this way. You know, like, and it's just learning to go with it's one of those is the same thing. Like she's in industry, she obviously dealt with people and customers, and how to take care of someone else. That might be the easiest way to teach her and just say, hey, you know, really good. But really, it's going what you're taking us back to though, is back to the beginning, where you said, one of the best things you can teach salespeople is trust your instincts, follow their gut, like,

Unknown Speaker  2:26:55
listen to it. And

Speaker 2  2:27:00
I think I think a lot of times, salespeople and people who try to teach salespeople try to teach them this magical formula.

Speaker 1  2:27:10
And then for some people, they end up overthinking the whole process, which shoots the whole thing in the foot.

Unknown Speaker  2:27:16
Which makes you sound really unconfident. Exactly.

Speaker 1  2:27:21
So, so it comes back to the same thing. Like for her, I'm using her for a second example. Just because taking she's

Unknown Speaker  2:27:27
familiar with, if she enjoyed it,

Speaker 1  2:27:31
you know, it's kind of a mixed bag sometimes. But like, if she enjoyed it and just said, look, I mean, after a while there are certain people that locked in that you're just like, I don't want to deal with this table with

Unknown Speaker  2:27:41
people. What was it about?

Speaker 1  2:27:45
And, and the thing I mean, this is something I just learned about myself is our body holds those things inside of us.

Unknown Speaker  2:27:53
Your body will feel it.

Speaker 1  2:27:56
Like so if you get tense around certain types of people that come in. You're going to pick up on that on the phone too. And it's going to be like 10 Okay, so well guess what? That may not mean this terrible. It just means I need to respond to

Unknown Speaker  2:28:12
what? We're doing so much. Brains full.

Unknown Speaker  2:28:21
I told you that a long time ago. No, no question.

Unknown Speaker  2:28:27
No, it was been Eric. Eric.

Speaker 2  2:28:29
It sounds like you'll sit here and continue this conversation for the rest of the afternoon. It's kept me

Speaker 1  2:28:32
entertained. I'm going through my CRM right now cleaning up a bunch of more leads. It's not fun at all. So

Speaker 2  2:28:40
yeah, hopefully you found a better a CRM the methods. Yeah, sounds fun. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  2:28:49
so yeah, if there's any other questions, I'm just firing. It's good to

Unknown Speaker  2:28:55
go


Transcribed by https://otter.ai