Speaker 1  00:00
At the end of the day, I think that's great. At least they know what to expect it. But I figured out that if I was on the phone longer than 10 minutes, my chances of actually closing the sale went down. So

Unknown Speaker  00:12
that's probably why

Speaker 1  00:15
if I couldn't get the information necessary from the customer, because that was part of my way of gauging interest, so they call in and say, hey, I want to shed here's my process, hey, you know, how's it going? What can I do for you? And they're like, Well, I'm looking for a shed. Great. So are you looking with an eye generally, I went about this a little bit backwards. So I'd always be like, Well, what size are you looking for? And they're like, Well, this is what I'm looking for. I'm like, okay, so what did that be like? I want a 10 by 12. Okay, perfect. What are you looking to store in or use it for? And they were like, well, you know, just storage stuff. Okay, well, great. Do you want it to look good? Or do you? Do you just are you only concerned about it being pretty basic. And they're like, Well, I want basic, but you know, I still want to look which told me the style of building and I was gonna try to push them into immediately told you their price range. It didn't tell me my first price range. And so they would often be like, hey, you know, what are your prices? And that's I'm still good on that same thing of just being like, hey, what do you what do you want it for? And do you want it to look nice? And based on their answer, that'd be like, okay, so how quickly are you looking to have this? That was one of the first questions that I started asking. That took me two and a half years to get to. So I had that question. In the first conversation within the first five minutes. Because it told me that I could either direct them towards an in stock building, or one that was custom built, so if there was one in stock, it automatically took my time down. I could take a picture. Alright, if I have the picture on file, I just send it to him say hey, here's what I got stock. It's 5200 bucks. You know, we can have a stay in two weeks. So my process with that was just, it was two and a half years of figuring out okay, what is my time worth? And you will run into customers that will take 30 minutes of your time. But I also found that those customers are really picky. You're going to spend the entire time like your process through the entire time just babysitting them. So on my time management side, when I had a customer like that, if I couldn't get the information necessary within five to 10 minutes to build them a quote, get it to them 15 Then they went down on my list to how quickly they got the quote. So might be the end of the day till they got the quote, because I know I'm gonna spend more time I know they're gonna email me back for changes. And it's just that process. I don't know if that actually answered the question. So

Matthias Miller  03:01
but question on that. Did you ever wonder how did you did you ever give them the boot? Like, if somebody wanted to yak your ear off for 30 minutes? How do you get them off the phone? If you knew that, if you had a good sense that there was they might Yeah,

Speaker 1  03:18
that's a good question. So I generally still stayed on the phone with them. There were times that I just told them straight up. Okay, I got a couple other quotes that need to come out. And honestly, can I give you a call back or can I shoot you an email of what I have in stock, so get your brain rolling? Because a lot of times what happens is they don't know 100% what they want in that case? So let me send you some ideas that take my time on the phone down with you, but still gives you really valuable information so that next time that I call you, I can actually spend five to 10 minutes.

Matthias Miller  03:58
Make sense? What was the question that you asked that? He wasn't sure if you answered

Speaker 2  04:06
okay. Let me ask them this question. Was there ever a time like would you ever get the place in the whole time management piece where you could take a look at the lead and say yeah, you're probably not something I really want spent a lot of time with.

Speaker 1  04:26
So I we split leads. And there was a certain type of lead form that we had coming in. It was to fill our pipeline up, which we developed a drip campaign to take care of those people. So I so contacted them. If they answered the phone great, but I knew that the rate was low, so we entered them. And if you have a CRM that does this great, they just come in automatically you know exactly what type of form it is. Your process is going to be the same. Right to begin with, but then it changes and shifts based on if they answer the phone or answer your email. So what ended up happening is as the majority of our leads were coming in, let's say probably 60% of them were those drip Q basically what I call a drip campaign leave.

Unknown Speaker  05:07
They'd never answered the phone. They'd never answer an email. If they actually legitimately did I closed them usually within about two weeks. If they didn't answer an email, they responded back at about the seventh email, which one went out

Speaker 1  05:30
every day for the first week and then every other week. So they would respond at about the four week mark. And then they would ask for a quote at which point I took them off drip campaign and respond to them just like I normally would with my customers.

Speaker 2  05:46
So you're saying initially comes in, you tried to contact them? left a voicemail message immediately go on the drip campaign for use it for weeks,

Speaker 1  05:55
they started testing came back as it were they started coming back. There was one or two emails where people actually use they would respond to them. So you know that those emails are working and you can you know, finagle, get the rest of them and reward them or however you want to. But you're you're filling up your pipeline in regards to that, but you're also not wasting a lot of time. So the people that are interested, it was it was a gamble. Here's the thing, you may lose some of those, they may have been really interested clients. But on a basis, our closing rate was 120, probably with that one. And it's like okay, so is it really worth my time? For my salespeople to sit there and spin their wheels on these things? For me in that case, but so it was like let's Let's contact these customers, let's hit them. Let's give them valuable information because they're looking they're just looking for a price guide. Which is where these leads actually came from. They just downloaded a price guide. So they were in initial stages and it was fine. The rest of the leads came with experience. And I just treated him like you know a random person walking in until I was maybe two weeks in three weeks into the follow up and they still hadn't responded. Then they went on that drip campaign and got valuable information so that whenever they're ready, you're you're ready to to actually spend time with a quote so

Matthias Miller  07:25
so then the drip campaign was just basically product knowledge product details. Yes, yeah.

Speaker 1  07:30
Probably the details or warranty information. How we're better than the competitors or how we're different than the competitors or whatever it may be. You can just pick one thing and say hey, you know what? type of floor we use, you don't have to say anything but your competitor comes with X amount of warranty and you know you want some more information click for this video. So as all valuable information that they can start adding up and it started building trust for them. They could pop on our website at anytime and ask for a quote if they wanted to or call us. Yep,

Unknown Speaker  08:05
but the moment they respond back they become

Matthias Miller  08:07
what you would call qualified a qualified lead Yeah.

Speaker 1  08:15
Now if they responded back and then dropped off again, they still went back on. But I started during the last year and a half I started running numbers and I figured out that it was where I started figuring out that my time was I had to figure out questions to ask, figure out how quick they wanted the building and how to spend my time because online seems like there's two different types of people. They want immediate gratification right now or two during the initial stages. So if you're salespeople, if you have your salespeople wasting time I'm gonna say wasting time loosely

Unknown Speaker  09:00
on people that are doing research. It's a good way for your salespeople to get burned out.

Speaker 2  09:06
And so the person that's coming in and they're basically doing research, putting them getting them over on the drip campaign basically get from that information, they start they start finding more about product they start finding more about the company and it makes a lot of sense. Yep.

Speaker 1  09:21
So it was just kind of how we established everything and build everything now, and it takes a lot of time and effort to actually develop that drip campaign where it's like good value and calls to action based off of that. So that was probably the most helpful thing. When I first started in the online, I didn't have any CRM period. was into it for about two years before we got a CRM that may be probably 60% more productive. So my sales went up by mile.

Unknown Speaker  09:59
Are you using

Speaker 1  10:01
method which is antiquated? I mean, to say the least think

Matthias Miller  10:06
think QuickBooks, like literally QuickBooks and then a web layer on top. Yeah. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  10:19
So follow up sequence. You leave a voicemail, you really didn't have much of a Okay, so let's so let's say you had an initial conversation. Sorry, I'm talking thinking this through. You can't no initial contact goes through the drip campaign. initial conversation. You send them a quote and then they go dark. What is What did your follow up sequence look like at that point?

Speaker 1  10:39
Yes, good question. So I forgot what I left out what I was going to say on the last conversation. So after I got all that in, I was able to start tracking time in figuring out where I was productive, so if my follow ups went over two weeks long, my chances of closing the sale went down.

Unknown Speaker  11:05
Do you give a percentage idea how much it went down?

Speaker 1  11:08
I don't have a percentage idea there. Why didn't have a good way to track that? Sure. So typically, my clients over the last year, were closing within two weeks. So if I contacted them and did my standard follow up, which was hey, you know, I need a quote on this building. Okay, great. Send them a quote, followed up the very next day with a phone call or an email.

Speaker 2  11:37
Which that answers that question on SDI stuff. If they're if they're time for the invoice to deliver is what do you say 27 days? That's about two weeks of clothes and two weeks of delivery.

Matthias Miller  11:50
To compositions. Yeah. Yep. Makes sense. So

Speaker 1  11:57
I followed up with the very next day or phone call and email. went two days, three days and seven days. So towards the end, most of my clients were basically if they called for a quote they were, they were closing the next week. And I would say probably 50 to 60% of the rest of them. Were about three weeks out. And if it went over two weeks and follow up just like random Hey, you know, how's it going? What do you think about this? They were probably a month to two months out. And I just I would just follow up with them bi weekly in that case, because your immediate if I had this conversation with you when you when you called and and you said well man I need to shed right now. Well, if it went past two weeks, you either lied to me or you went somewhere else like so which the two is and if they came back and said No, I didn't buy one. Well, great. Well, then that conversation I just had with you told me a little bit about you. Maybe you ran into some other stuff like it helped me direct it like hey, you know what? I'm just touching in with you again, like you said that you wanted this building really quick and you know, it's been two weeks and you know, we're gonna have a week of downtime for delivery and scheduling. And it helped me know when to push so if they told me they wanted it in three weeks time, well guess what? You gotta get your order in right now. If you got it if you want it in two months. Here's our timeframe you have to have your order in the next two weeks.

Speaker 2  13:32
So when you Okay, so if you know those timeframes really, really well and you're talking with that customer it helps you push and ask for the sale and say look if you really want this in your timeframes, your call to action to do to put this thing in a day. Yep.

Matthias Miller  13:44
So you created your urgency

Speaker 1  13:47
Yeah, so if I if I asked the question and this took, like I said, two and a half years to come up with basically where my CFO was like, Eric, you have to do time, man. He's like, come on. He's like asked this question. And so it took me forever because I never wanted to be that pushy, but I was like, no, no, I'm actually being pushy. I'm actually helping you as a client. Now it's like, you know, in five minutes time when we're calling in, you're asking about building. Well, look, here's my first question. How could you need this building? Because instead of being like, okay, what are you looking to store in this building? No Walmart in some way. Okay, great. You're going down through the whole list like some other companies do the one following what was the sales pitch and how you're supposed to do it? And I'm like, I wasted 15 minutes with you on the phone. I got exactly what you want. Guess what, I can't fulfill what you actually need. So we're now building this building for you. It's, it's what's what you want, but it's you know, if you needed something yesterday, I can't help you with that. We're six to eight weeks out. Well, if I would have known that immediately. Here's where I'm going to point you. I'm gonna go down through my entire inventory list. And I'm gonna say here's what I have in stock. Here's what I have coming out next week. I know that my production is producing this. Let me send you some pictures of it and if this works for you great, we'll get to tomorrow. We can sign everything tonight and, you know, green energy, and depending on how it worked, I'd actually contact my delivery driver and be like, Hey, do you have any openings this week? For this thing, I have this thing coming up. And it was one of those things that I also created urgency that way of contacting that customer to say hey, you need this thing quick. I can get it to you on Wednesday, but I got to have the paperwork tonight.

Matthias Miller  15:43
Because we have limited slots available.

Speaker 1  15:45
We gotta get it in by tomorrow. Yeah. But I gave my delivery driver manager that heads up that hey, there might be one coming down the pike. Do we have an opportunity to slide this in and I used it as a sales tool.

Speaker 2  16:00
So I mean, talk about sales, training and sales tools and, and so forth. It sounds like what I'm hearing from you is that it was more effective learning the right question to ask than some fancy tool on how to close somebody.

Speaker 1  16:14
Yes. So here's the thing that taught me to to podcast books that taught me the most on how I sell but also what my clients are saying and it's Chris boss. They are very familiar YouTube videos, so I'm bored in the office. Wintertime. That's what I listened to. So that really helped me and then Seth Godin. All marketers are liars. I know, it's marketing, but it's actually how I approached the sales side

Speaker 2  16:57
of you right now, and I haven't I'm very familiar with both those authors. But that that particular one was that good.

Speaker 1  17:03
Yeah. So basically, he talks about how all market marketing is lying. But then two chapters in the book, he rephrases it and says, actually, the title of my book is lie. He's like, but it made you pick it up. He's like, and the fact of the matter is, is that all of us as a consumer, we lie to ourselves every day. And he's like, it's all about how you frame everything to the customer. And so your viewpoint and what you have to do is figuring out what your client's framework is, and sell them on their framework. It changes for every client

Unknown Speaker  17:40
and learning how to ask the question to figure out that framework.

Matthias Miller  17:47
So So then, for you, the core pillars, the framework for the client that you were uncovering was, was urgency and interest. Aesthetic versus utility. Were there other frames that you were digging for?

Speaker 1  18:09
One of the other ones could be cash or a rent town, if you went that route. That wasn't as big of an issue for me. We were split about 5050 on that rent home. And that changes depending on where you're at, like South is probably higher rent to own. Divert different pockets of it.

Speaker 2  18:30
Do you feel like you could affect that conversation as a salesperson, cash versus rent home?

Speaker 1  18:35
Yes. So I and that was the other thing that I was very upfront with my customers on the rent to own side. What I'm figuring out, but most people skirt around it. It's a conversation they never want to have with their clients about rent to own. It's like let me get you into the contract as quick as possible. So you don't have to go over the details on it. So if my website is built off a building trust that I have to follow through as a salesperson and the company has to follow through. You can build it on the back end. Like so if you're if your website is not that great. You can build the trust as well. In the online world. It starts upfront. It starts as soon as you see it on the website and it's like hey, you know what, I'm gonna do business with these people. But your salespeople can't follow through. It's gone immediately. So, for me it was explaining the ringtone to people and just being like, you know what, it's the most expensive thing you're ever gonna buy. But I get it. You know, you can make a commit for commitment for 250 bucks a month and you can't make one for six grand. That's fine. I mean, we've all been there someplace.

Unknown Speaker  19:44
That is the nicest version I've ever heard.

Speaker 1  19:49
I mean, the thing is, is like you're gonna pay 50 60% more. Well, the rent to own company were worth was like, Hey, you pay it off early. You don't have penalties for that and they subtract out 60% of your remaining payments or whatever it is based off of your rent out. People understand that side of it and if they know upfront, it's gonna be the most expensive way. They'll walk into headfirst. That's fine because you built trust. Because you're honest, you're honest. You're Hey, you know what, and it's not for everybody and you're gonna get some nose and they're like, holy moly. That's terrible. Like that's the worst interest rate I've ever heard. Well you know, it's not interest rate, but whatever. You know, you have to have to go down that spiel that

Matthias Miller  20:29
so how did you unpack a little bit? It's not interest rate. How'd you?

Unknown Speaker  20:33
Sorento instead of differently legally. It's a based your rent.

Matthias Miller  20:42
There's too or there is not

Speaker 1  20:43
interest per se, it's rental fees, right? And it cannot be labeled as interest because of the IRS. Right. And as soon as you can bring into the fact that the IRS, there's a reason that your rent to own is different and has different legalities. Because the IRS everybody has hatred for the IRS. So you established a common ground already.

Matthias Miller  21:06
So were you able to tie any of the rates to the IRS? No, it was just

Speaker 1  21:11
the rates are based off a rental company. However they haven't set up, but as soon as you can bring in the fact everybody hates the IRS because they'll take money for printing and bring in the fact that hey, you know what, it's not interest rate. I can't tell you this. You know, I can't say what it is an interest rate because of the IRS and because the IRS has different stringent, you know, like different qualifications for this. This is why Yeah, oh, I get it. Yep. Hey, Tara. Well,

Matthias Miller  21:40
yeah, so was that enough to flip some of them?

Speaker 1  21:44
Sounds like yes, but sometimes the numbers don't work. And at that point, I was like, Look, you have a good relationship with your local bank, go to your local bank. I'm always gonna advise that you have a 5% interest rate, great.

Matthias Miller  21:57
It's the best improvement. Yeah, it's

Speaker 1  21:59
a great improvement. You're not paying 50% more. But if you don't have good credit, hey, it's not a this is good option for you. You got some coffee,

Matthias Miller  22:16
too. It's just a little bit, just a little bit in there.

Unknown Speaker  22:20
You want some coffee? I'm gonna drink too much this morning.

Matthias Miller  22:24
Way too much. Probably. Gonna be over caffeinated this week, but that's okay. Anything else and how to? Well, actually, this is this ties into this next question. common objections and how did you how did you deal with them?

Speaker 1  22:42
Comment on objections for me. Our company made the switch to say we're not going to be competitive in pricing anymore, and we're going to be more expensive when we're proud of. So directly across the street from me was somebody that had the identical shed very similar building product, a different floor model. Or a different floor system. Just as a plywood flooring versus the Performax flooring or the LP flooring.

Unknown Speaker  23:12
We were $900 more expensive. On average. I lost a bunch of clients to them. I know that

Speaker 1  23:24
but it was also a plant pool we decided we didn't want pursue. So the biggest thing that I dealt with was Why are you so expensive? At which point they went back to the Chris Voss addressing the issue of yes, we are more expensive. And here's the reason why and if you want to go to the next company, I can't speak for their customer service. I can speak for her. So I instill doubt into them as far as the next company, but I didn't badmouth them unless they specifically ask. At which point I was like, Well, here's the differences. And this is why wouldn't go with their company. But obviously it's your decision. And if they came from the other company down to my place, my next question was, there's a reason you're down here right? And then I approached it back to the whole thing of, well, here's the thing. You're comparing me to the competitor across the street, and that's fine. Here's what I'm always going to advise you. Go with the person that makes you comfortable. If it's not me, that's fine.

Speaker 2  24:34
So it sounds like what you're saying is people buy salespeople not product. Yes.

Speaker 1  24:41
Well, they buy product too. Don't get me wrong. And they bought the product. But let me ask you this question if it was you? Would you buy a great product off? Of a terrible salesperson that you didn't connect with? No. Okay. Would you buy a less quality product off of somebody that you really connected with to build trust and value? So as salesperson you have to understand that you may miss some people and for me I took that personally. It drove me crazy. But at the same time, I'm like, no, there are gonna be people that like me, and there's gonna be people that don't like me. There's going to be people that walk across the street and be like that sales guy down there as a complete ass. I heard it coming the other way. I knew that it went both ways. Here's what I'm gonna do for you. I'm business when I'm talking to you. I'm going to tell you my product. You have to make the decision. If you know they were within seeing distance of each other in that case, and I'm like, Look, here's the thing go across the street. Look at their product. They have a similar product. Ours. Here's why we're more expensive. If you like their product, and 900 bucks is a big deal to you. That's fine, go with them. i In the end as a salesperson, I want you to be happy. And if you're going to feel like you overpaid for your shed from us, you're gonna be a terrible client. I didn't tell him that. But I knew that they're going to contact you back because they already have this thing in their head. You're $900 more expensive. Why didn't you follow through? Why didn't you do this? Yeah. Why didn't you do that?

Unknown Speaker  26:15
If not heard on this makes that much of a difference. They're going to nitpick.

Speaker 1  26:17
They're going to nitpick everything. So at what point does that client is it worthwhile? Yeah. Maybe lost 5000 or so? Maybe the last 10,000 or so. But is it worse to callbacks for some odd reason. And we have to run two guys out there a guy out to fix something. Yeah, but our profit margins start dying. So it's knowing who your client base is. And there were certain people that walked in that I'd be like, You know what, we're not a good fit. Go next door. They're willing to work with you. They're salespeople are. You know, at that time I didn't like salesperson but I was like he had a certain base of people that he connected with and they were not my base. So go across the street,

Speaker 2  27:03
so you'll be happy. Something I feel like I'm hearing from you over and over again. Is your comfort and your confidence within yourself and your product. How do you teach that to a new salesperson

Speaker 1  27:25
comes with time, some thing that was most helpful for me. In this case. I knew my company would back me and they back like and I back then I backed at product. If your salespeople can't back product, there's a good chance that they're going to have the feeling that the company doesn't back down and often leads this whole thing of them selling something that you don't have. So it comes to a trust basis. on that. But it is personal as well. I don't know that I actually have a really good answer for that. As far as training them except experience experience. And the biggest thing is is make them confident in their product. And knowing that it's okay like I I stressed for three years what two and a half years, two, even three years, even the last half year probably was where it really started cementing in or, you know what? It's okay to lose this customer, this potential client and I know that's an approach that most people don't face. But it started really hitting the head for me when I started. Wintertime was slow. So we'd bend over backwards to do something outside the normal. All of a sudden, we couldn't complete it through our slow months and we're doing it in the busy months. And it was a fiasco. We never charged enough. The client was picky. You know all these things that I'm like look at for me is confidence. I know what our product does. I know my client base at this point, and that comes with time as well. But if you're if your salespeople if you can educate them well on the product and why it's good and know that your client base like know who your client bases as well. And then knowing how to teach your customer who that client bases I went for two and a half years of being like, man I lost that sale and beating myself up. And my owners were like Eric, you know, sales is a numbers game too. And they're like, Yeah, could we have closed that sale? Yeah, here's something you may have. Could have done a little bit different to maybe close it. But as you go, you also learn that hey, this customer was not good. And it may not be something that you can name. So when a client calls in or emails it may not be something that they did specifically that you can name that says that client is not a good fit, but you you get a good feeling for him and you're just like Sure. I don't want to ask these guys. Or you're like, Ha, thank goodness I gave him a quote and they fell through for some reason. I think telling your salespeople to rely on their gut is a massive thing and if you can't hire your salespeople, if they're not trustworthy enough, they probably shouldn't be in that position. That's just my thought process because I have a different viewpoint on salespeople. Salespeople build your business equity and build your business what's the term for it? So my my old owner, I was actually having the conversation with him. He's like are you know, Eric, he's like I've asked my CFOs multiple times why the salespeople get paid the mouse and the company. And he's like, I've never been okay with that. And he's like, you know, frankly, paying your your check was a little crazy sometimes. Now it's like, okay, but he's like I talked to my CFO and my CFO is like here's the thing you have to realize your salespeople are building your company reviews. You aren't and your sales so basically, it's, you are with your product, but your salespeople are building equity up because they aren't talking to your customers. They're the they're upfront with your customers or talking to them. So my viewpoint on salespeople is there's some people that just aren't a good fit to be salespeople. Not a knock against them. Some of them can do just fine and others will do fine for a bit until they reach a ceiling. But I think being able to teach your salespeople you know, here's the systems. You're going to see this over time and kind of give encouragement to say and give that feedback. So when they're dealing with a customer that's like man I know. For some reason, I just can't get discussed customer to close this client closed. And they're talking to their sales manager, the owner, whatever size of company you have,

Speaker 1  32:15
and the client and they're like, Hey, can you send me your email thread? Or if you have a CRM that you can go in and see it great. It'd be like Well, let's try this. And here's the thing. It is a numbers game in sales to and allowing your salespeople to see that and see the confidence that you have in them. And then being there to help them through that and say, well, here's how I would respond to this. You can try it. It may not work. And if it doesn't work, it doesn't work. I don't know if that answered the question as long winded. But

Speaker 2  32:47
so you made a comment about sales. There are salespeople that hit a ceiling. Yeah, unpack it for for me a little bit.

Speaker 1  32:57
Yes, so they hit ceilings by different things, their personality, their capabilities, and then also the company's capabilities. So I don't know what the dice told you about me. But so the last year that I was at that company, I was on track to do 4 million in sales, personally. So I

Unknown Speaker  33:27
was the percentage of that being what online about 85% Probably gracious online. I could figure that one out. That's why I'm here talking to

Speaker 1  33:41
you. So I quit in September, and I was at 3.2. But I was averaging around $400,000 a month in sales. So through the busy times now obviously it went down like your months that are off. They were going to be average anywhere between 250 to 360 in that so occasionally they would go over the 400,000 mark

Unknown Speaker  34:08
what radius from your location

Speaker 1  34:11
state of Colorado but most of it was Colorado Springs Denver area 4000 hours a month. Yeah. Did your machine go on? So I reached my ceiling so i Okay. Stress wise there was a lot of other stuff going on with the company but mice systems didn't allow me to go more than that. Because it took me 20 minutes to complete a sale because of my system. So I'm I'm running numbers. I'm like man, if I get these down to five that allows me five more people to talk to you know, in this timeframe. I can be talking to five more people I could be closing more of these things. But

Speaker 2  34:55
there wasn't there wasn't an ability to add individuals to close your sales underneath like as there

Speaker 1  35:01
is. So my time for us so we did. We added another salesperson. But the some of the issues that we were running into with this company was that they couldn't complete what I sold on the timeframe and so it asked for a different timeframe. And we didn't want of it. So they were like well let's bring on another salesperson to take your stress down on my elbow who's gonna train that salesperson? Me. So we're adding that on the front side. And then what happens if they're really good? Because we already are taking steps you add more capacity to fulfill already right? So yes, do you take my stress down? My my work actually goes up stress goes down pay goes down. To get you to what? For the last two and a half years I haven't seen that we've actually been able to add production to hold this up. So if we're adding production to all sudden we dropped from six eight weeks down to two weeks. Because we added two guys in the shop and yes, by all means we need to be adding another salesperson because the leads are there. Everything's there. So there is that point. But then, you know, I think that was probably the stress of it for me with where I was at in the sales side because I did kind of take on sales manager responsibility. My associate was part time. And I basically she had no experience in sales. No experience in framing. And I think about this, like she was a major frustration for me but at the same time she came on as a secretary to help me out just to do some paperwork and stuff. And then we're like, Hey, you do pretty good on the phone was transferring to sales, which was not a good idea, but we learned that the hard way. But in her first year and I gave her the low lying fruit stuff that I didn't want to like want to deal with that took my time. She was on track to do million dollars in her first year in sales.

Speaker 2  37:08
No framing experience, no sales experience nothing. Just closing what what do you want? What do you toss to her?

Speaker 1  37:13
I tossed her the pricing guides to low quality stuff. And stuff that I knew could be closed pretty quick because she was really good on the phone. But as far as asking the questions that were necessary and closing quickly, I mean her her time on the phone was probably 35 minutes. So she did end up being frustrated. And then along with that, somewhere my numbers start coming from it was she was frustrated that she couldn't close quicker. And the customer was was also there was also a little bit more leeway in there for miscommunication between the customer and salesperson. The longer your conversation goes on. Well, we talked about this. Well, if I can get your information in five to 10 minutes and then respond to everything via email. I have track of your conversation. No we did not talk about that. It streamline the process. And there was times I still screwed up in my head to deal with customers that were like No, we talked about this in my ear. You know what we may have back in the initial conversation. I'll go back on that one. We'll take care of that. So it was one of those things that we kind of had to do but I look at that now. And I'm like she she was thrown in in the busyness and I was stressed and handling a massive amount of workload. And I didn't give her the training that she really should have had and the product knowledge either. And I'm like Where could she have been? And we were all we were constantly bumping up against that ceiling of we can't produce can't produce can't produce so it was kind of like part of me was like I want to give you this information. Parliament is like is it worthwhile and you want to be here part time and you're pregnant and you're gonna have a baby you're gonna be taken off the next two months like how much is it actually worth for me right now. That was my case.

Speaker 2  39:05
So talk to me about how did you get over the hump of somebody's buying a five to $10,000 building and never seen one.

Speaker 1  39:13
So that comes down to work. On the back end. And that is how to build trust with that client. And then also what is on our website that makes them want to buy this building? Is it good pictures? Is it me sending them pictures via email? Or is it just you know what? I went on your website, I looked at what you have your product looks great. And I called and I liked talking to you it is a rough hump sometimes in my three and a half years. I had two completely unhappy customers. The last one is the most recent was a third building she bought from us somehow we parked the first building I don't know what happened. She came back second building was fine. Great. The third building I went into it was a completely custom building we didn't even offer and I reworked everything, sent everything to her, gave her signature like had her sign off on it and she flipped the switch when it got delivered. And that came down somewhat poor communication on me but also her as a client too. But a the thing that really tipped her over the edge is we showed up 10 minutes early to deliver a building and dropped it off and she wasn't there or her person her renter was and from our understanding she actually bought it for her renter. And she complained about absolutely everything. So for us it became more about the marketing side. Let's build buildings. Let's take some good pictures of them. Let's keep them on file those particular ones and we're just gonna send them out over and over again. And we created some standards. And then also, like we didn't have a lot of variability on our lot because we posted these 10 different buildings. We took marketing, good marketing pictures, good lighting pictures, and posted them so you can see everything on the inside. This is how we build doesn't matter if it's 12 by 24 or 10 by 12. It's across the board and here's your colors. So that that was probably the most helpful thing for us. But ultimately, it still comes down to just my personal opinion. All the things kind of have to work together. So your marketing, but also when the people call. There are not many people that want to drop 10 grand without talking to somebody. Period. Because for me, if I'm dropping 10 grand, I might do all the research and be like, Man, this product is great, but when I placed the order I better talk to somebody because I want to have that person. That's how you're gonna back in. You're still backing your entire business off of people and mean our clients are that way but your salespeople too and if I call and I get rude salesperson or I get somebody that does you know I can deal with maybe not knowing the quality as long as they get back to me like hey or not the quality but the details of the building as long as they get back to me what those mode because it tells me what you're doing as a company to back my purchase.

Matthias Miller  42:39
Also gives you a taste of if you have a really poor experience with somebody in sales or customer service, then you know that there's you know, it's gonna be indicative of the rest of it. Yeah, yeah, exactly.

Speaker 1  42:51
And unfortunately that's not really all always the case. Sorry, clients view. Yeah, it makes sense. Sure.

Speaker 2  42:59
Sure. And most successful marketing channel do you feel like what was your most successful marketing channel

Speaker 1  43:14
still gonna go back to Google. We had a couple of different things going like Google ads, stuff like that. And there's a lot of people on Facebook kick in there. There is a marketing channel there but I hate it personally can't stand that they're not my clients that I like dealing with.

Unknown Speaker  43:37
Interesting, but they tend to be a lot of tire kickers.

Speaker 1  43:46
They are and there is a way to deal with them. I mean, I racked my idea or my brain for ideas on this and I think there's there's a couple of really good ways to deal with those. But for me if I couldn't get people to my website, and most of these came up in Google, so if they find you on Facebook, great if it's linked to your website, maybe that might be a really good way to do it. I mean, I actually I know it is but the side of it is is most people don't actually link the two together. And so Google is still if I find somebody on Facebook, unless it's private seller, I want to go to their website. If it's a new thing, I'm going to their website to check out what else they have. And that's where I gained my trust. That's where I build my trust. It doesn't come off of Facebook. i That's my initial thing on Facebook. So ultimately lead back to Google for me. You're still searching for us. Maybe you discovered us on a number another channel. You're still searching for us somewhere. That was where my my good clients came from. My Hey, I spent 15 minutes with you and I'm going to sell and that's what I mean by good good clients. But

Speaker 2  45:05
you credit that to that that person that's coming through. They've already been in the website. They're reaching out because it comes to your website. They've already done their research, you know that they're, they're ready to buy

Unknown Speaker  45:15
the material. Yes, exactly.

Matthias Miller  45:17
So what are some of some of your ideas on dealing with Facebook leads not coming to the website.

Speaker 1  45:23
So my biggest thing with Facebook is is as a salesperson when you're focusing on online and time management, it is not time man not good time management for Facebook. It's a good lead. It's probably fairly cheaply and it shows so there are some people that want to be like Johnny on the spot, bam, like hey, you know what, I need this building tomorrow actually. And I think that varies on where you're at in the United States as well. Here, it's not a big I mean, if you think about it Denver in Colorado Springs are fairly techie. So they are a little bit more ahead of the curve as far as the eastern seaboard can be certain parts of it but he just called us east and there's nothing you know, you're techie. But I'm just saying there's a lot more people back there that yes, I mean, it's different here. You have big centers, of big groups of people and the east. It's more you have a lot of people and they're all much more irresolvable. Yeah. My biggest thing was it was Facebook because I think if you hired a person on a per hour basis, and they knew that their job was to convert the tire kickers would have good conversations with tire kickers. And the only way it actually becomes a lead for salespeople to touch is after they get you the information necessary, which is what whatever it needs to be for your company, but you know, an email a phone number, and address and the building type that they're looking for because that's what they're often leading with. And then it becomes a salespersons job to actually contact that customer and say, You know what, we can help you with that. That building that you saw online, we actually do have it or we don't have it, but we're going to build one for you. And actually takes allows your salespeople to be actually productive. And it defines clear roles as well. So you're a person that's paid by the hour maybe they're really good at and they love having conversations with people more great. You know, some salespeople like me have enjoyed having a conversation with you. If it led to some type of result like a Yes or No, a Facebook is open it. It just never ends. It's just like it's there and like four weeks later, they'll contact you back and go through the same thing again. That was my viewpoint of it. My my owners have a completely different viewpoint. And they're like work, you know, I still remember that day that you took off like over Christmas and he still points this out to me. He's like, and I came in and you were on vacation and I sold four buildings. I was like, Yeah, but how long does it take you to sell those four buildings? I said the other side of that problem is is I also had to deal with those customers after Christmas after you sold them and you didn't touch them to have them cancelled and the other to complain non stop. You sold four of them while I was gone. That's great to have them cancelled. I had to resell the building. I had to redo the paperwork. knew that that's not something that you touched. And he's like, Yeah, I'm sold for I'm like, okay, great. argument. So there there is I know there's clients there. Don't get me wrong. It's just that I I often think so. The last company that I went to, I they brought me on for online they were in the middle of doing a hybrid model of like okay, we're going to online and we're gonna do it in person kind of dealerships. Well, it didn't end up very well. And they, I was like, we need more leads. So all they did was up to pay on Facebook. So all I did coming from my job where I was like, Okay, five minutes and 10 minutes 15 minutes, you know, I can get the information I need. It's necessary because I'll get your quote you're probably gonna buy at some point to sitting on Facebook all day long, responding to 20 to 30 different people that created a lead in my CRM that I now have to follow up with and they have the information. They don't want to give me their email. They don't want to give me the phone number doesn't matter how I asked. The only way left is Facebook to follow up. And I have seven days to follow up for I can't, if they don't respond back in those seven days to any of my follow ups. I can't follow up with them anymore. So then what are they a complete waste of time. Unless I can figure out a way to get their email and their phone number which is the thing that I was tweaking all the time. And there were certain conversations that helped but

Unknown Speaker  50:22
it's still in that context is is does not want to give out that information

Speaker 1  50:25
out there. They want to kick tires or they're the Karen's of the world that want to complain about everything. And frankly, they're looking for a deal. That's why I'm on Facebook marketplace. I'm looking for a deal. So we did the company that I was at before that. We basically took that entire client base out of the equation because we're not $100 more expensive. And all of a sudden it made us focus on where do we need to be marketing instead of like 15 different places. We now need know that our customers come from this area, they're doing their research and we'll post on Facebook. But it's more of just like brand new awareness. And hey, we got this really screaming deal in this us building great. Well we know it's gonna go people online, if I'm shopping online, and I'm like, shoot, I'm gonna spend 10 grand, I want a brand new building. I'm not gonna be buying a used one. Unless I'm looking for something specific.

Matthias Miller  51:28
So question that making the transition to say we're not we're going to be $900 more like how preview where you do this conversations going in. How do you deal with the fear of like, Hey, we got this bottom tier of customers. And if we, if we abandon these customers, then we're gonna lose the bottom X percent of our revenue.

Speaker 1  51:45
Like, I can pull it a freak out. So I knew it was coming, but I didn't know to what extent I knew we were gonna be a little bit more expensive. But after figuring was 900 bucks in it changed sometimes it was more than 1500 bucks depending on the size of the building. Sometimes it's 500 but the average was nine It freaked me out because I'm like, Man, I'm losing to these guys across the street and it was personal for me. Because I had a bad experience there. And I was like, you know, but however, about six months into it, I figured out that my customers were so much nicer to deal with

Speaker 2  52:27
produced a better investment. But I mean from a company standpoint, how do you what led them to this belief like what what, what what what said, we're all in on going more expensive than the competition, and we don't want to deal with the parents.

Speaker 1  52:40
So it wasn't that we wanted to deal with the parents. We had a consultant come in and he's like, you know, here's the deal where you guys are out as a company is you need to figure out which way you're gonna go. Either you become competitive and compete with people and your product quality has to go down, but your product quality is actually just a little bit better and you're still trying to compete.

Unknown Speaker  52:58
You are describing us to the team. So put it like 100 Put one foot one foot in dude, it's like literally you can be talking about us right now.

Speaker 1  53:12
Yeah, this is exactly where it's at. So we actually can you edit that part out. We actually were like, Okay, so here's what we're going to do. We're going to become, we're going to, we're going to tell our quality, this is how we're going to become and because of that we're going to become more expensive. That's understandable for people. If price is a big issue, then quality is not a big issue for you. That's just the assumption that we're going to make. That's not always correct. Some people matters to both but you do have to understand that was the case. And obviously there's a place where you price yourself out of the competition. It's just like nah, this is not going to work. But it was it was like a breath of fresh air after I got past the initial shock as a salesperson and being like, oh my goodness, like how am I going to do this? It's actually where I started listening to Chris Voss. Because when that whole thing came into place, because I'm like, I'm getting all these complaints and we're so much more expensive. Well, here's what happened the last six months that I was with the company eight months that I was with the company, we were no longer the most expensive. We were back to being average. And it became even harder for me to sell. Because we went through this period of oh, we're competing, our price points the same $900 more expensive. I can stand on the 900 bucks more expensive all day long. And being like yep, we are $900 more expensive. But let me ask you this. You know, look at weather King. Look at our customer reviews. Go online, look at it until I tell him well, why are you more expensive to touch ship? Well, here's the thing about timeshare doesn't tell you to hard sell. But to some people it is and it was that way across all the board for our clients. Well now all of a sudden I'm used to this $900 or two years or $900 more expensive in the last eight months that I'm with a company we're now even keel with the rest of the competition.

Speaker 2  55:20
So is that because they they came back down on their prices? Or because the competition came on? We didn't

Speaker 1  55:26
was right through all the 2020 crazy prices. So we didn't go up quite quick enough. Gotcha. And so, I mean, that's my opinion. I didn't have much to do with that. But all of a sudden, my client pool I'm like, why are they so difficult to deal with? And I started getting feedback from customers. They're like, Oh, you're not that much more expensive. These guys are actually more expensive than you and I was like what they've never been more expensive than us. So it's this mental thing of higher price means a better quality product and better service. And I started realizing that after it started coming, I knew it when we changed. But then when we started coming back down I was like I haven't had to deal with this in two years. What's going on? All of a sudden I'm having to tell them. This is why I mean, try having the argument of saying why are you guys $900 more expensive. Now reverse that and explain why you're $900 cheaper? Well, because something's missing.

Matthias Miller  56:28
Or to your point, you're telling me your higher quality. Explain to me why your exact same price. Did you have that? Same

Speaker 1  56:35
well? Yeah, same thing but as it was kind of on the same level of you're now less expensive. Right? What am I missing? That's actually a question that I had. Now you want to be defensive as a salesperson, what am I missing? We're not missing anything. Like here's the quality that you're getting. Well, I don't believe it because price equals quality. You buy Mercedes Benz you buy a Ford what

Matthias Miller  56:57
what do you want so did you see like financial my Mercedes kind of a bit of a bear some days? It's brand new and yeah. So so the Okay, so higher quality customers less complaints less, less or fewer like sending somebody out to go fix stuff for changing stuff or I don't know, what if your cancellations like what was the financial impact of

Speaker 1  57:27
the financial impact of that? Was we lost some sales. And I knew we lost sales. But also the sales that we did make. We cleared more our profit margins were higher. Our customers were happier.

Unknown Speaker  57:46
And they were easy to deal with.

Speaker 1  57:48
They were reasonable to deal with. So what's what's it worth to you? So is it worth losing two customers out of 10 to make an extra you know $10,000 which you may have made and you have happy customers, you have high reviews which drives more people to your website. You don't have to worry about me because because the thing is in the shed industry and I don't know the numbers on this I just my viewpoint on it is as soon as you have to run back out. Your profit margins disappear really quick. Because what you have to send truck out if you start figuring time you're like, what, 150 bucks an hour. But what happens if you're covering an entire state? Your three and a half hours on the road one way three and a half hours back? You spent 30 minutes on the job. For what and so like there is there is the financial side of the fallback of ye lose a few sales. The other side of it is if you do have a picky customer, they expect high quality. So it just means that your shop better stand up to it too. And you have to have a kind of checks and balances in place to take care of that. Because I can tell you all day on why we're more expensive. If my production doesn't follow through, and the company doesn't do anything about that. Then my reputation got shot. As a salesperson and the company's got shot too. I would rather undersell a customer. And this was actually what I started doing towards the tail end which was terrible and I hated it. But there were certain things that I knew we weren't very good at. And I would undersell the customer and just say hey, you know what the boats gonna come as and if it was better, great, fantastic. They were impressed. At least you knew what to expect. And there were certain jobs that I knew as a general whole we just didn't do good on and I stopped selling because I'm like, you know I'm gonna spend five calls after this building is delivered. To take care of this. It hasn't been taken care of on the production side it hasn't communication side between the sales and the production. Maybe that's where the issue is. For whatever reason, we aren't doing it well. So I'm better served shifting from that. I'm putting my time efforts in this one right here. Something that do No we're good at we're going to complete them. We're not going to end up have any complaints. We can complete one more.

Matthias Miller  1:00:32
More questions on that. What's the difference between So you talked a little bit about people who do win at selling and those who don't like for the salesperson you talked about? The Secretary sold sold a million based off of what you sold there was on track for that. But, but what makes the difference between somebody who can't sell to save their life and somebody who's good at it

Unknown Speaker  1:01:08
before before and it ultimately comes down to people skills. I am not what you would class as a salesperson.

Speaker 1  1:01:23
What I think of as a salesperson, but that's not me. i When I think of a salesperson I think of somebody that calls me and hounds me about stuff. And I did. Don't get me wrong. It was my job to do that some of the time. But it's also what led me into the whole thing of asking the question so that I wasn't being intrusive about it. But it ultimately comes down to reading people. And does your client feel customer or do they feel comfortable with you? Do they actually want to have a conversation with you and some of my clients? This is interesting. So with the secretary what I found out is the lower quality leads pricing guides that I handed to her to enter to deal with and the some of the other ones that were coming in and you know as the Jobs got bigger where she did really good at was connecting with people that wanted to have long conversations. She would have been great on Facebook if we would have trained her as that and developed her job description. But the problem the ones that she had problems with closing with were the people that called in and one of the building right away because she didn't know how to get the information necessary in that timeframe and didn't connect with them. She wanted to shoot the breeze with them. So I figured out that online for me, my sales pitch my sales approach and my people that I was really good at and you're gonna see this in the online industry as well is that the people that I like dealing with the people that I was able to close were the people that wanted information now, they wanted it quick and they wanted this immediately. So for me it became about okay, I need to get the information in the shortest time as possible. build trust with that customer. And they are business Johnny on the spot. I think the one that really hit this into my head was he stopped in. He was a wheat. He grew weed. Pretty sure anyway. And he wanted to build it. Anyway went next door. They had the approach of my secretary develop relationship talk to them. And he came in and said hey, I need a building. I was like alright, what what do you need? He's like, Well, this is what I need it for and this is the size I'm like, well I got one in stock done. He's like when can you deliver? My let me check with my delivery manager. He's like, I gotta run in town. I'll be back out. He came back out. He's like, You know what, the reason I went with you is like you're you're all business and you're Johnny on the spot. You got me the information necessary. And you're gonna get my building up next week. That's the only reason you didn't waste time. You didn't try to build a relationship with me. You gave me what I wanted. Now out of that a relationship was established. But we run into these people on Facebook or on on online is because it is online as immediate gratification. I want my information and I want it now and I want as much information as I can get. So when I call you inside my head, that's what I'm thinking.

Matthias Miller  1:04:40
So somebody who's willing to take their time driving a lot, look at things. It's one of the reasons why these things are different because they're the type of person who is more of the Facebook person like they want to the shopper they want to shoot the breeze a little bit with you get to know you build a relationship and then talk versus the online. You basically flipped that persona and said like it is the opposite like I can instantly find shed dealers in my area. I can click a number I can see the things I can call Boom, like let's keep it moving.

Speaker 1  1:05:07
Yes. So Canyon, Florence is back country, not back country, but they're a little backwards. So I dealt with everything Colorado Springs as soon as somebody came in from Canyon city wanted to buy a building automatically because it generally stop in. I automatically figured an hour of my time. When I could have closed it in 10 to 15 minutes, Colorado Springs. And my process for anybody in Kansas City in Florence was hey, where do you live? Hey, you know oh yeah, you think you live in that area? Oh great. Do you know these people? How long have you been in the area like it was all about establishing a relationship in the south is this way too much. But then you have your bigger pockets and if you're selling into let's say Charleston for say for example, you're gonna run into more people. They're like Johnny on the spot. I want this

Speaker 2  1:06:02
and that's our state's feels Winston Salem, Charlotte, Greenville. So those are those

Matthias Miller  1:06:07
would be the those would be the locations that metro areas are the ones that drive to online sales. Like let's not even bother putting a lot in there. Let's just drive to online, right. Generally they may

Speaker 1  1:06:18
want to come in and see a lot just what you have in person because you run into those people. They're like I saw what you have online, but I really got to come in and see Yeah, well, great. You're always gonna have those people. But it came down to that for me and I it just drove me crazy because I'm like I hate it when people stopped if and unfortunately that goes into how your salespeople handle people. Shoot me that just does. But that to that point, my secretary was good at so you have the conversation. You close that sale because your chances in the long run I know that I make and here's where as a manager, I had this opportunity. I listened to her conversation. And if I saw she's running into problems, I just come out and pull the plug in and say, hey, you know what, and you know, I couldn't help but hear your conversation. Didn't don't mean to intrude, but like, here's something and it might be something that she just didn't think about. It could have been one of those things. It was like oh, okay, yeah, let's do it. But for me, like, it was automatic. I mean, there was times that people would come in and the worst part is they wouldn't do rent to own so they're there for two hours because all of a sudden I have to explain our paperwork to them. Well, I didn't have this issue with Denver, and I didn't have this issue with Colorado Springs, because they never came in and be. I sent him the information and they read it. If they had questions about it, they read it and they call me back with a question and be like, hey, you know, I just don't understand this phrase in this. Okay. Well, let me let me unpack that for you. It took me five minutes. That's interesting. My worst clients were the people that walked in wanted to do a rent town were from here, West cliff or Florence and brought their kids with them. Now, if you're used to doing online sales, and it's taking you 10 to 15 minutes, you're dealing with one person on the phone to dealing with three people in your office and a screaming kid. You were talking about going crazy.

Matthias Miller  1:08:16
And if you're personally driven towards getting it done, I think it's really interesting what you're saying about having having two salespeople where you can kind of I mean, was that kind of your dividing point for force? Okay, so if you had a sales team, and you had to say, Hey, I'm going to have these different types of salespeople and I'm going to, you know, divvy out leads based on X, Y or Z How would you, you kind of hit on one Johnny on the spot versus shoot the breeze? Are there other ways that you would split them out?

Speaker 1  1:08:49
Your salespeople do need to be rounded in both of them and know how to handle both. However, you're gonna have some of that Excel, and I would figure out a way to split leads so that I know which ones are coming in out of just different wording, and it's going to require testing and I'm not going to know immediately. But I would generally send the majority bulk of those to the people that can handle them get the highest closing success. Does that mean that I'm not going to send somebody other direction absolute because they need to know it? But what ends up happening is and this is where I found out, the last place I was at, is I don't like Facebook. I don't like Facebook people generally. And I was being asked to do that. My associate would spend all day on Facebook and even close stuff. And it made me so frustrated because I'm like I'm wasting my time. I know it's partly my mentality. But the other side of it is he couldn't close the other side the sales is easy. So knowing that that there are different clientele within your broad range of online and knowing how to deal with them, is the biggest thing and actually the biggest thing, based off of all of that is knowing how to market your leads. I don't know if that's a term to use but split them out so that you know which ones are coming in. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:10:18
So the sleeve I am speaking this back to you right so the the number one across the board is they gotta have reported people skills. And that's like the make it or break it if you don't have that if you have it, you've got a reasonable good chance at success within kind of whatever style might be yours. You're gonna find

Speaker 1  1:10:37
a style and you're gonna go with it. As a as a salesperson, as a salesperson, it could be that you're all business and you're okay, well guess what? Generally the people that are going to be closing the all business sales. Think about the type of sales that they're making. So are they going to be larger projects, or are they going to be more custom projects? You know, I don't know how your businesses are set up they like if you're dealing with a business owner, do they have a lot of time to shoot your breeze? They generally want the information quick and they want to know it's generally a larger deal. So there's going to be people that are really excel at that. And there's also going to be other people that excel in making the average everyday Joe feel like the most important person in the world and they're gonna buy questions?

Matthias Miller  1:11:33
I'm not okay. So you mentioned we've talked in the past sometimes On slow days. You go revisit old leads past, maybe even past the two week mark. What was your process for revitalizing or pinging old leads?

Speaker 1  1:11:57
That's difficult because that's what I'm doing right now. If you can keep track of your conversation with a customer. It's really important. Just a can be paraphrase it's fine probably the the thing that I did to reengage customers the most was if I knew they hadn't bought in a building was to be send them our our deals. Like so for us building come back or something that sounds a lot ready for immediate display has to be something that grabs their attention. It's a fallen off the face of the earth. And I've already contacted them five or six times. Why do they want to talk to me? Unless there's something that I can offer. Not in words but in visual that they can be like Oh, that's cool. Let me Yeah, I want to contact these people. No, which was about the only way and I didn't have any really good because our turnover on us buildings wasn't we weren't big enough company to have a ton of them. And then there's nothing that will turn them off worse than you know once a month following up with them with the same exact

Matthias Miller  1:13:08
buildings. So but then could you utilize a US building and basically you blast it out to 50 people? And then you know, of course by the time anybody calls back, it's already gone. But you've given them a reason to raise their hand.

Speaker 1  1:13:19
Yes. Yeah, which re engages them. Yeah, reengagement is difficult. Just

Matthias Miller  1:13:29
and that's why this came after you cleaned out your pipeline, and this was all like, trying to drum up more. Maybe there's a prioritization. Go ahead.

Speaker 1  1:13:39
Yeah, in this so while we're talking about the pipeline, I told you, you had those low quality ones plus, the others that were standard. In my pipeline alone, I had 2600 people, something like that. Out of those I was following up actively was about 300. So the rest of them were automatically drips and then as soon as they got back to reply, or whatever. It went into my standard pipeline. But those generally we're closing within, like I said, two weeks. Worst case scenario is about a month. And if they didn't close within a month, sometimes I'd put them back on the drip campaign at a certain place and allow this conversation to happen and more information to get sent out. And just make a note of follow up with a regular email in four months time so it wasn't wasting a lot of time on but they still got pertinent information.

Matthias Miller  1:14:36
What makes Anabaptist salespeople talk to me about that.

Speaker 2  1:14:45
The emotional response now this is gonna

Unknown Speaker  1:14:48
be snicker. You talked a little bit about this the other day

Speaker 1  1:14:58
that for your clients you weren't badass enough I think it comes down to confidence it's working were taught to not be okay with rejection. And you get it as a salesperson all the time. Or we deal a lot with rejection. I think growing up maybe it's just me. But like I think the side of it that I really had to learn and this is where Chris Voss also helped of asking the hard questions and actually knowing that there's an issue there for your customer and not skirting around it just facing it head on and just being like, oh, yeah, we are more expensive. Or yeah but how do you expect me to do this? Like, learning outside of it, because that's not something you were taught as Anabaptist as the question. You just do. And I think that's probably the the biggest thing to learn is to actually understand that there is an issue there with your client and it's probably a lot bigger. I read a quote the other day and it was saying that, you know, in regards to others opinions and perspectives, what looks like a 60 is a nine to them. Or vice versa. And it is the case that if as a salesperson you're not prepared to hit those questions, which Anabaptist some of them are because we often take our personal life, our business life and segment them. And you know, I do that, but the side of it is like you actually do have to approach that and address those issues, those questions that the customer has and be like, yep, that's an issue. I understand that's an issue for you, and actually have empathy with them in that and then tell them or explain to them why it is that way.

Matthias Miller  1:17:10
Makes sense. Just to put it differently. It's the the Anabaptist culture is very sensitive to people's approval and acceptance or rejection of them and if you carry that into a sales conversation, you're always going to be always on the defense, always on the defense. And also it's a very non confrontational. And there's a bit of this. I want you to figure out what I need. Versus I'm going to tell you what I need and I'm going to end if you are not meeting that need. I'm going to like flat out tell you like, here it is. Yeah, that

Speaker 1  1:17:48
somewhat. Yeah. Because I think I think one of the things for me, leads back to the questions that I asked the customer was my reason for asking you what's important to you in this building was it looks or function was because it actually taught me what that little bit about that person. And so you automatically say man, you know what I need storage but I I really want this thing to look good in my backyard. Tells me a little bit about you as a client, that you want things to look nice at your place and is important to you. So I'm not going to go with the cheapest building and I'm gonna tell you that upfront look, you know what, based off of what you just told me, here's the building I'm going to suggest for you. Here's the things that you can do to to make you look even better if you want to and you don't have to do them right now. You can do them later. But this is going to make the building look really cool. But learning that and then suggesting it because we're also taught is like the customer's always right, as well. And that's not always the case. And sometimes they actually need to be told that no, you're not right. And here's the reason why I'm here. And if you just want to make a decision and go with that, that's fine. It's not for me to sit here and argue with you about that fact, because I'm never going to persuade you and I've told people that multiple times. I'm like, Look, if you don't believe it, if you don't believe this $900 is worth it to you. I'm never going to make you understand that. And just being upfront and telling people that that's fine. If it's not important to you and price is a big factor. We're probably not a good fit for you. And me actually addressing that those people call me back and be like you know, I think we're gonna go with you. Because it is an issue. It's an issue for them. Frankly, what I spend if I'm looking for flat out ugly storage shed Why spend $100 No, no. But if a customer makes me feel at the salesperson makes me feel good about my opinion of being like you know what, it may not be worthwhile to you. I'm probably going to call that guy back because he had the balls to actually to be like cute. Yeah, it's $900 more expensive. You know, it's not that big a deal to you. We're not a good fit. Well guess what? It tells me that I like you. You're honest with me. The 900 bucks. I'll give it to you and I hope you keep it. Like that's that's kind of where it's at. That's the money trail. Sorry.

Matthias Miller  1:20:16
I like it. Response time when the new lead comes in. Does it matter whether you respond in the first minute, five minutes, 15 minutes?

Speaker 1  1:20:25
Our company policy was five minutes I tried to put it to now over the weekend, that's not the case. And it goes till Monday. And depending on the amount of leads you had and the amount of salespeople we had, sometimes it took me all day to go through them. But if a new lead came in two minutes, if a customer called and left a message granted you're not always able to do this if you're with the client at the time, it may be half an hour, but to call back and say you know what? I probably just as with the customer it took longer than expected. I usually try to get back to you sooner than this. Give me a call back. I'll make it a priority or you know something like that. But I don't know. For me, I

Unknown Speaker  1:21:21
don't know that there was a lot of difference in closing rates that way. I do know that it goes along with immediate gratification of like I want to answer.

Speaker 1  1:21:38
However, if I wait 15 minutes, so if I call you back within two minutes, we just run this equation for you. If I call you back within two minutes, it takes me 30 minutes to get the information necessary to send you a quote and I get it sent to you. gratification. It's not instant gratification. If I wait 15 minutes and call you back and get a quote to you at the end of the phone conversation which is immediate gratification.

Matthias Miller  1:22:01
Yeah. Okay, so this ties into another question. We're looking to have you know, all the products in the website. And then here's this building, you click a button and say I want to know how much this thing is and we're already gonna assume that you're gonna get it in a certain size to style fill in the blank you put in your name and email address, hit the button and then boom it downloads like a one page cover sheet with product information second page this is the live price sheet and then possibly some additional marketing material in that. How would you how would you if you had the opportunity to have some kind of like, tell me immediately what this thing is as part of the website and lead flow how would you integrate that into the sales process? Or what would you change about that approach?

Speaker 1  1:22:52
Can you reword that? Or like, go over that as well that say, Okay, you're gonna have a list of buildings.

Matthias Miller  1:22:59
You just pictures basically pictures basically,

Speaker 1  1:23:02
and you click on it to get the price immediately. Yep. And you put in your information? Yep. You get a cover sheet, price sheet and more details on that particular building that particular building, or do they have do they pick the size they want?

Matthias Miller  1:23:18
Well, this could be a size with the specified size would be size we were planning to pre specify something like an inventory list. Yeah, kind of kind of it's not true inventory because we're not right, but it's effectively an inventory list.

Speaker 1  1:23:33
Well, that goes back to that experiment that I did when I was with that company that caught a custom stock 14 day delivery. So what it was we offered it in small bag so limited sizes. Most popular ones and we kept them in style was actually having to be worried all of our inventory kept them in stock all the time. particular size, and the ones we kept in stock were always the same colors and we rotated them out. So there'll be two colors for building and so if you sold one and this tan color, the next one to get into it went the same exact size, same exact layout, a great color. So what ended up happening is we did a 14 day custom stock, they could call in and order that particular building with no changes to the door layout, the window layout, get the building in 14 days guaranteed and they could pick the colors. The thing that we had missing was a lead collection so they were wanting to do a quote. So we started doing a landing page before that. I didn't have a lot of good success with that landing page. But based off of what you're doing, I'd actually think that sounds like a great idea if your cover page is built on how your product to justify the price. So if your cover page is built off of justifying the price to come to next, where they're not expecting the cheapest I don't know how you have it done but like you're not expecting cheapest but you're expecting it pricey. It's just like this like I don't know if you want to pull this up ever but studio sheds. I brought this up to a couple times. Look them up. They're out in Denver as soon as I go on the website, I'm like these guys are going to be expensive, and they are an eight by 10 Studio shows like 25 grand. But I expected it from the time that I got on the website. I looked at it and I'm like wow, this is cool. It's different. I don't see a jet company doing this. It now am I still a little shocked. Yeah. But on the other side of it. I kind of expected it. I'm leaning in towards it already. I'm just like, Oh, my God. And now but guess what I can read a little bit more about it. And then I can call the client and if the if the salesperson is knowledgeable and friendly and interacts with me 25 grand 25 grand. I know I'm gonna get this building because I know what to expect. Yeah. So based off of that, I think it's a great idea.

Speaker 2  1:26:24
So tough to me about you said you didn't have a lot of successful landing pages and that particular methodology what was the shortcomings

Speaker 1  1:26:34
could contact people. So we had a couple by now it's for those particular buildings and what I found out as a and I don't know if it was just a way remarketing I don't know what it was. But for some reason I couldn't you couldn't contact the customer or be when I did contact the customer. They wanted a completely different built in maybe it was just our clientele and the area that we were advertising. I don't know. I didn't I wasn't able to know testing on that one to figure it out. But if you're on a website based off of what you're saying is you're on website and there's a list you can go on your like get the price now and they put in their name and phone number, email or zip code or whatever you're doing.

Unknown Speaker  1:27:24
And it comes back with an estimated price with a bunch of information that can actually print that quote out.

Speaker 1  1:27:31
I mean, I think it seems pretty. Pretty legit as a lead source. I don't know. If you're thinking automatic sales. I don't know how that's gonna work. But

Speaker 2  1:27:39
what if we we've been toying with this other idea, and I've yet to convince anybody but and this comes from Tesla's website but like you go through and their their design process for their cars is stupid simple. I mean, most options you think paint colors, the max one that has the max amount of options, I think it's five. Everything else is like ones and twos. And but the very end they say reserve this car today for and they give $1 value like 650 bucks. And you can reserve that car instantaneously. Do you think it would work?

Unknown Speaker  1:28:21
What's your end goal for it? I mean, obviously the sale

Speaker 2  1:28:24
essentially it's somewhat Yeah, it's a sale and it's if you can if you can get someone to cross the threshold of actually giving you real money. They're gonna call you back.

Speaker 1  1:28:33
There's two ways of looking at it. I think it can be successful. The downside is unless you have a system process in place to do change orders easily. get really frustrated. Your salespeople are gonna get really frustrated for your bookwork because what happens when you have to start refunding that money or switching it to a different paperwork is the only issue that I see with that. If you haven't thought through that side and you're like, Yeah, let's do it. And you're still running off with some system of paperwork and you have to track it all down. That's just the BS. I

Unknown Speaker  1:29:14
personally, that's what I heard you for.

Matthias Miller  1:29:18
Yeah, interesting. So

Unknown Speaker  1:29:22
no change yours would be really, really simple.

Speaker 1  1:29:23
I'm of the opinion that 3d configurators and such like, are too complicated for customers to understand and I'm not calling your customer stupid, but we overwhelm them with the buying choices, which is why I like studio che.

Speaker 2  1:29:45
So I've heard a lot of sales guys say that 3d configures hadn't like boosted their sales by

Speaker 1  1:29:50
they have because it's visual. But the next step is how many when you get to the time management? How much could I change the look of your building because ultimately the customer only cares about the look and functionality of their building. So do they care if has eight inch overhangs or 12 inch overhang? Nobody cares? Yeah. Okay. Or no? Occasional occasionally people do. Now, if I want an English tutor, looking shed to match into my English tutor house doesn't have overhangs. Do English tutor houses have overhangs on them? No, not really. So as a sales tool on the sales side, it's great but giving these options to people so studio shed I love them because you go on their website. Every model has five sizes. somewhere right around there. Five they don't even offer options for Windows. Here's your layout. They're like you want those wall to look like this. Do you want it to look like this done? Do you want this type of window or do you want a door done? All of a sudden you get a completely different looking building on the exterior and you didn't make it hard for the customer to find it's just a click on the wall. I like that wall. So 3d configurators I love them. But specially some of them have 45 million options on and guess what the customer does is the gratification. This is complicated Unbounce so unless they can get the information necessary to get the look that they want. I'm like dumb this whole freaking thing down. Conversation. Keep going. Don't miss thing down for the customers. If you want to give access to your salespeople to add these options on the back end great you know as a as a pricing for me or as just a vision I don't really care, but on the customer side dumbing it down. Give them as many looks as possible. As

Unknown Speaker  1:32:01
as finished looks as finished looks

Speaker 1  1:32:03
or even or even hey, look, you know what we offer three sizes of Windows. That's it. And this is the type of window we offer. But you know what's gonna look what's gonna change the look of this whole thing with my building. My people don't understand this and you can't sell it as a salesperson what happens if I went with a black window instead of a white window? Oh, it completely changed. And that's what people are going for. So if I can actually send that over to them, and they're like, Whoa, that looks expensive. So does a black window look more expensive than a white window?

Speaker 2  1:32:40
I think it's the reason we're seeing a lot of our leads come through on the the metal siding stuff like it is that that expensive look,

Speaker 1  1:32:49
it's a different look. So if you can allow that to look expensive. All this stuff people actually expect expensive.

Speaker 2  1:32:57
But if that lead comes in and the person if the salesperson wants to sell them cheap and then as soon as they get that lead

Matthias Miller  1:33:01
in. But see that's the mentality. Yeah. So that by the way, side note how do you fix the mentality of like we had

Unknown Speaker  1:33:13
no water Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:33:16
We don't have water you are

Unknown Speaker  1:33:50
three guys running around talking. There's no air conditioning

Unknown Speaker  1:34:08
how many companies do you have? Are you part of

Speaker 2  1:34:15
there's three main companies. Each one of these companies has a number of different smaller shops underneath them. The three the three main ones are North Platte, there's main the main shops are in North Kona Ohio in India and but the mean each one of those shops has poems, candy. Of course we're also in Ohio where

Unknown Speaker  1:34:37
I grew up northeast of there

Speaker 2  1:34:41
but each one of those has you know, three or four small little shops underneath

Unknown Speaker  1:34:49
grew up close to Kin okay

Matthias Miller  1:35:14
I'm sorry, no worries. So we have a lead come through for a lady who has a select Business at her house. And what do you do with the instinct to Alright, it's really expensive. It's really expensive shed like let's try to sell on something that's less expensive. Is that just strictly mindset on this? When a salesperson is there any particular particularly good way to help?

Speaker 1  1:35:48
You have to ask your question you have to ask the question of why you want to sell cheaper.

Unknown Speaker  1:35:55
The perception is competition

Speaker 1  1:36:02
because that way your clients coming in because they want a cheaper shed or they're looking for multiple prices. get the most bang for the buck.

Matthias Miller  1:36:13
If you want to pull back this layer, it's because of the competition because we think that it's not possible to close a client at a higher price versus I kind of interrupted

Speaker 1  1:36:25
but no that's That's right. So my approach my approach with the lady that you just said hey I hate salons when they call and say they will be shut for as long. But be is what's your budget because if you tell me that it's going to be five grand I'm gonna say You know what, we can't do it. You want a salon? Do you want your clients coming in like they're looking in the shed? No. You want it nice. It's going to be finished out. When somebody tells me that they're looking at the shop at a salon, you're looking at a minimum of 15k a minimum? Well, if you're not prepared for that, as a customer, I have to educate you on that. The fact of the matter is, is that the average salesperson isn't going to educate you on anything. I mean, they will to a point to get a sale. But if some if a lady calls in and says you know I want a salon from my backyard, what's your budget? It's five grand and we're like okay, are you planning on having one or two people in this thing? With ICD? Well, I don't really know, because their salon that they're renting is 400 bucks a month. And it's this size. And it has water hookups and it's got all this stuff. Now I'm going to go down the reasons of why this building is gonna cost you 15 grand and a standard salespersons like well, especially in the shed industry. It seems like what the dealership model is all about oh sale. So let's close you on what we have in stock versus weird when you're looking at it. I could be wrong on this. But when you're looking at a custom build for something like a salon, I automatically know you're going to be dropping money on. The question comes is does your budget fit with what's in your head? Because that's for me to determine as a salesperson. And if it doesn't, then I have to educate you on why it doesn't or point them in their direction that didn't make like and if our company isn't it, our company has a net and that's frustrating as a salesperson. But some people's reality doesn't line up with their budget. And mine doesn't. If i i want XY and Z and I don't know why she costs too much. Why does it cost too much and I'm familiar with the construction industry. Half these people aren't actually more than half of there's a reason they're coming to you.

Matthias Miller  1:39:20
So inexperienced salesperson would ask what's your budget 5k Can't do it. An experienced salesperson is what's your budget 5k Okay, what's the basis of that your 400 $1 a month let's see what's going into that you have utilities you've got you got water you got you know, fill in the blank.

Speaker 1  1:39:39
Like 5k You know, we really can't get you what you're looking for for 5k And here's the reason why. You want this building to look nice on the inside. So that means that we're going to have insulation we're going to have some wiring we're going to have this we're gonna have this and guess what, you're probably gonna require permits, especially if you're hooking up to plumbing Have you checked in with the city? Like have you like all this stuff and all like all of a sudden this starts adding value in their head. They're like oh, if you guys take care of that, well I know this is gonna be expensive project but guess what I get to do at home? Yeah. So it shifts their mindset where inexperienced salesperson would be like 5k. I can't do that. But here's the shed that I can get you what's not even anywhere close to what they want. Right? And it's like so, and sometimes it does come to that, like I've told people straight up. We can't get you that building. You know, for 5k Here's what you can get. The worst part is is that they they say that they want this 12 by 24 building and they want to pay $100 a month. Well, good luck. I mean, that's when you laugh. And just be like you know, can't sorry. Like you go to the bank. And you see if you can get a payment for $100 a month. Yeah. We can't do that. Definitely not a rental home because I just told you it's the most expensive way to buy shit. That

Matthias Miller  1:41:01
makes sense. So here Hang on. I think it might need to let me do let him in the last question I had was Sorry, gotta take this Hey, hello. Yes Can you hear me

Matthias Miller  1:41:50
the last question I had which I'm going to have to drop down maybe you can just straight up. Tell Dwayne is like as far as leaving voicemails for customers. Anything specific with that? Did you ever do text message conversations with them? What did text communication look like as far as emails, anything? amount of information number of questions in an email. ways to streamline email process. I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  1:42:22
As your question you run away.

Speaker 1  1:42:28
Ultimately, any method of communication comes down to rapport with your client. So if your clients or business your voicemail is going to be business, if they want to talk, it's going to be like hey, how's it going today? I just wanted to check in. Let me know if you have questions. Or however you wanted to word it. Your tone is just probably gonna change just a bit. If they're all business, it's like hey, it's Eric over here at wherever. Just calling to follow up with you and want to see if you have questions let me know I'm available in ascending timeframes for them to contact you that email especially,

Speaker 2  1:43:14
you're saying setting time to time can't for them to contact you or for you to contact them

Unknown Speaker  1:43:20
to contact you.

Unknown Speaker  1:43:24
So I'm available at a time that gives them a target number.

Speaker 1  1:43:29
Yeah. But also tells them that you're not available all the time. So if I tell you that I'm available between three to four and if you want to get this building call me back between three and four, I haven't left the slot open. But the sense of urgency and me as a customer, if I want this building and you call you at three to four, or at least text you or email you and say you know what, I can't make three to four. It's probably gonna be four three. Great. You know what? I do have five minutes at 430

Unknown Speaker  1:44:00
Interesting. I didn't walk out and gold

Matthias Miller  1:44:03
just drops I'm sorry. I knew it was a good question. I wanted to let them in.

Speaker 1  1:44:11
Yeah, so that has ultimately been one of the most helpful things for me too. Is because for so long, I'm like, yeah, just call me any time. No, I don't actually want that to happen. I want you to call me a specific time

Unknown Speaker  1:44:26
trading sense of urgency. And it is

Speaker 1  1:44:29
like yeah, and here's the thing. You may be like skirting the truth a little bit by saying that it's, you know, you have an opening at 430 to five in the evening. Or they're like, Well, I can't get there. You know, I can't I can't I can't call you back until at least 530. Well, guess what, you know, I have five minutes for you at 530. Well, in reality you have all day open because your job is a salesperson, but they don't know that. And some of them may call you on that and be like, well, you know, I've got other clients I'm dealing with I have some cool tips and now can you take a call in the middle of there? Absolutely. But the side of it is, do you want to because your efficiency goes down. And then on top of that, it's like you know what it is? It is sense of urgency for you. And the other thing is is like on contracts. I started setting times for you know what, call me? I'll have this wrapped up in five minutes and I'd be on the phone with them like okay, here's the information I need and I would set that for them upfront, especially on rent time. So there's a list of things you need on a rental and I don't know how you guys do it, but as a ID or whatever. I'm like, here's the things I need. I need an ID, I need a credit card number, and I need a reference number. I'll call you at 330 and I'll have this contract over to you two minutes. So I build everything out. Sitting there. Tell me get this stuff to me. And generally I tried to get him to send it to me via email so I'm not on the phone collecting it because that just takes time. They send it over to me send everything and then the other side of it is depending on how it would go if it's a rent to own contract. I'll be like, can you send me this information? Can I account for that stuff? Like it's rent to own I need ID Hey, you wanted this building? I need your ID. I need your ID like you want to get this going tomorrow. I need your ID today. I needed it five minutes ago, like and I'd hound him all day long. Like, hey, guess what? You gave me a commitment and saying you want this building. You just have to give me your ID and your credit card information. Great. So I would text them and be like, hey, got your I have your contract here. All it has to be entered is and I can you send that over to me? And then I started actually splitting them out. So be like can you send me your ID and people send you one thing quickly. Five things that don't send it quite as quick, right? So I would do that and be like alright, your contract in your inbox. I'll call you in five minutes, or five minutes isn't gonna work. It's gonna be 530 I'll call you at 530 I'll collect the credit card. This thing needs to be signed first, and almost immediately, they would sign it so they can sign it quick. And then all I have to do is a two minute phone conversation to collect the deposit. And I'm done. Hey, thanks. Great. Here's your confirmation email. But it I learned that setting time limits where they think that you're available. There's a sense of urgency it means that you're doing something like you're you're efficient, you as a salesperson as a company are efficient, and I can't waste your time. So ultimately, it just made it easier. For production and delivery. So you set that expectation as a salesperson on the front side. We're busy, we're going to get the product back in. But here's our requirements. For you as a foreigner

Matthias Miller  1:48:18
what else anything else? Okay, because it's a long time ago. No. Oh, this was when no this sorry, I missed this one. product knowledge. Were there specific features or parts of product knowledge that were more important or valuable than others? Or was it just deep product knowledge all around?

Speaker 1  1:48:43
Is deep product knowledge all around, but knowing which one to use.

Matthias Miller  1:48:48
And so how would you know which one to use?

Speaker 1  1:48:51
By the questions that I asked? So pick a thing right now what makes your what makes your buildings different than the rest of your competitors? Just one area don't don't choose a broad range. Just say one area and this is what makes us different

Unknown Speaker  1:49:07
type of lumber.

Matthias Miller  1:49:09
What type of lumber that's some sort of

Speaker 2  1:49:12
European spurs that has a whole lot less knots and

Unknown Speaker  1:49:16
deformed or deformities. Yeah, sure. Why do I care about that? Because it looks better. On the inside so who's gonna care about what the inside looks like?

Unknown Speaker  1:49:39
So like I'm in a trick question.

Speaker 1  1:49:40
No. Well, it'd be somebody said so here's where here's where I'm at. What are you using this building for? My home office. Now I can go into why this product is good. Now, if you say, Okay, the reason our building is different, it's $900 More because we're using an LP smartphone. Who does that matter to somebody that's going to be storing lawn equipment in it that has water running off of it. Okay, LP is known to be water resistant. Great. Well, your competitor has plywood floor. It's not water resistant. It'll last great. It's actually an eighth of an inch thicker than the LP. Okay, but this is water resistant. So when I asked the question, what are you using this building for? It all of a sudden told me what I need to say is different about this building. I'm not going to pick 15 different things. I'm going to pick the one thing, the one thing that matters to them. And I'm like okay, so you're storing lawn equipment. Here's what we do. We have aluminum ramps. If you want to add this on, I'm not gonna go into the whole thing. You're using this for yard equipment. And we have five different window styles. What do you care about that? I care about a ramp? I care about this. I care about storage. These are the three things I'm gonna upsell you on. These are the three things that our product is really good at. I'm going to tell you about these. And then if you ask me more specific questions, I didn't go into the 15 other ones, but I didn't waste my time giving them information they don't care about so part of their how it doesn't affect them.

Matthias Miller  1:51:26
Part of the product knowledge training then is actually let me walk you through like here are the use cases. And when you're talking to somebody if somebody comes to you for lawn storage, so becomes with you for a with workshop thinking or somebody comes through you to you with for their motorcycle or their car. They're like these are the respective ones that we should. Like this is what you should talk about.

Speaker 1  1:51:46
So here's the other thing. Somebody comes to me and says they want to workshop and I have a size limit of 200 square feet.

Unknown Speaker  1:51:56
And these are two buildings I'm looking at. What are you going to sell them? A 10 by 20 or 12 by 16. I maximum I sold the 12 by 16 over any of them.

Speaker 1  1:52:16
And the reasoning was was I've been in this building. I'm like here's the thing. You buy you have a 200 square foot limit. Great. Here's a building it's 200 square feet. Here's 190 square feet. Now I want you to imagine flipping a four by eight sheet of plywood around inside this

Unknown Speaker  1:52:39
I want you to imagine a cane or I want you to imagine a table saw set up in the middle of this thing.

Speaker 1  1:52:48
You lost eight square feet. It's more usable based off of your usage. So I didn't even bother going down the route of anything else with these clients. I just said hey, you know what? It's up to you. You can have eight square feet more works out really good for storage. If you're using this more storage and you're like and that would be my question. I'm using this as a workshop. What do you do? Well, I create little little knickknacks. Next question. Are you gonna have bandsaw in here? scrollsaw Yep. tablesaw here, I think he should go look at his book and the reason I'm going to tell you it's eight square feet less it feels bigger inside. So in your product training your product knowledge is knowing what your customer is using it for and it can be mentioned in passing. And it can be just said hey, you know what? A room. Do I want a 10 by 20 room? No, I want a 12 by 16 and it's bigger. It's less square footage is wider. I want an office going eight by 12 Probably not that's 96 square feet. You know? So product knowledge comes down to it leads back this whole thing too many options on the customer, the 3d Configurator and it's like this information is actually not important to a customer it actually clouds their buying judgment. And so I my viewpoint was simplified. Somebody comes in and asked me Are you $900 More expensive the guys across the street? You know, that's a great question. Hey, tell you what, what are you using this building for? And I try to get that information. First. And then they're like, you know, I'm using it for storage and I'm using it for garage. I'm using it for this. Here's why we're not gonna dodge more expensive. We have a water resistant floor, that three quarter inch plywood over there. As soon as he gets water on it. It's gonna sit there for a little bit it's gonna bubble you know whatever. Your sales pitch is gonna be. And they don't care if the year flooring is five eighths instead of three quarter. They care about the water resistance. They care about oh are you 12 inches on center eight inches on center. It doesn't particularly matter you can be 12 inches on center on the two by six and eight inches on center on two by four How do you sell that your customer? Like, it doesn't matter to them. And if I wanted an upsell, they did contact me and they're like, Well, I want this building and I'm gonna be parking for it. Well, great. I'm going to suggest our garage because well I know this is not it's an overkill. For your ATVs it has an upgrade Florida is gonna last you for forever. I can sell you on that and all of a sudden becomes important to you. You know what, that's why it's $900 difference. That's why it's $500 difference. It's it's just how you frame it from the customer which the Robert COVID book or whatever he's been obsessing over tell us water

Matthias Miller  1:55:57
so I think be interesting Well what's your rent water before aspects question. Yeah, I'm gonna start I'm gonna wait I say my good question. Till now.

Matthias Miller  1:57:01
Okay, so if you've time I think I'd be interesting to go down some of the most common use cases and like how did you spell sell each particular use case so for example, and this is if I'm going down rabbit trails, we shouldn't go down feel free to jump in and shut me off but like household storage. How would you show how would How would you sell household storage? What were the common questions and how did you

Speaker 1  1:57:28
when you saw household storage or when you're storing household storage? You can have this in totes How is it Christmas items? Those are two major questions that I asked because tells me that I can sell showing. It tells me what type of show me myself. And if it's Christmas guess what I want to shove it out of the way until Christmas comes. So guess what? You probably want to off. You don't want to set it on a shelf. Unless you're like all out Christmas and you have an entire building in the garage dedicated to it. You know that's understandable but that is like that's that's more of the route like oh, you want to store a Christmas tree. Guess what kind of one out of the way. It's bulky. And you just want a place to shut. Like that's me. I have crawlspace under my house. It's shut. You know, I don't want to like package it up. You know I want to do the least amount is fluffing next year as possible on the Christmas tree and like so it goes there. Same thing for the shed. You want it out of your garage, it takes up a ton of space. So let's put it somewhere else. Shove it out of the way I can forget it, climb up on a ladder, pull it out and be done and I can use the bottom for something else. So it directed me to being like, Oh, you liked barn style. I'm not a big fan of the barn style. But you're gonna get the best storage and you stores. If it's household items that you may think you may need and you're gonna storage totes here's the buildings I'm going to suggest for you. And like, here's the showing system, and they can be set whatever you want. It's 18 inches which is standard or whatever is big enough for total storage kind of down the same route, but that's where I split it off into lawn storage or not. offices, gardening sheds. I started really diving down the thing of it looks important too, because most of these people like you want a cheap garden shed. Great you can grab them somewhere. You want to look really cool. You want to invite all your friends out to see it after the fact. If that's the vibe I get off a view of you know you'd like to have people over and you'd like to entertain. didn't shed is probably going to be pretty important as far as looks go. And I'm not even going to focus on the inside as much as I'm gonna focus on the outside. Here's the things I'm gonna suggest to you on some shutters on this thing. Here's the paint colors that are probably gonna be really good for you unless you have to match your house or do you want a project and you're gonna paint this off? It just allowed me to dumb down the option so I'm not wasting all my time upsell. And if there's a standard go to that you want to upsell Great. Just tell your salespeople that say hey, this is what we want to upsell and maybe it's on a monthly basis. This isn't saying we're gonna upsell on a monthly basis. Like May through August. We're gonna upsell any kind of event we can get because that's really important. It's hot where we're selling. You know, through the wintertime, you got a bunch of snow. This is your upsell. We're gonna upsell the floor or this is what we're gonna critique. That's kind of my methodology behind it. But that was there's there's different viewpoints on it. And I don't say either one is right or wrong. It's just that it's what worked for me and allowed me to manage my time better.

Matthias Miller  2:01:14
Makes sense. Anything in particular around pool houses, pet shelters, play houses.

Speaker 1  2:01:22
Pet shelters is all about how you affect your animals. Nah not about them so much. Now, if you have people that really want to have like a legit horse barn and you're dealing with something different, right, but that became really about the details that help them out. Like you know what, here's what we do to prevent criminal. Here's what we do to prevent kicking the walls out. Oh, you want metal on the outside? Why do you want metal on the outside? They kick through it and then you're left with a bed but like really? Two houses, four houses. I didn't see many of them. So I don't have a lot of options on those but those definitely deal with books and versatility of the inside. But definitely the looks on how they're going to fit in the backyard. Probably going to do some landscaping. Cool. That's probably a better question for people that actually deal with.

Matthias Miller  2:02:29
Not exactly. Cool house area right here.

Speaker 1  2:02:34
So the interesting thing is, this leads me to a bunch of questions actually. What's your clientele are you sell to? You said Holmes county is one

Speaker 2  2:02:47
home and that particular area is not the problem we're having issues with as far as the sales side, North Carolina that are North Tyneside is where we're having sales issues and a lot of what we're trying to figure out is Is it a lead flow problem is a salesperson problem. Like why why do we have slow sales in North Carolina? And I identified quite a number of things I think that we have problems.

Speaker 1  2:03:15
I think that I'm not super familiar with where you're at. I have some friends that operate down there. But I had a friend sold in North Carolina to try on

Unknown Speaker  2:03:38
well now the homes kind of area in my opinion seems to be a little higher.

Speaker 1  2:03:57
And just North Carolina actually, depending on where you're at seems to be higher

Speaker 2  2:04:03
as well. And this is this whole thing of asking questions, I think is a really big people when I I don't see them asking questions and getting to good answers. So this has been really, really good to figure out some of the questions that are that produce answers that lead to results.

Speaker 1  2:04:31
How old is your client base? In North Carolina? Just do your sales people kind of know. I mean, it doesn't have to be 100% but I think most of them are over 40 under 40.

Unknown Speaker  2:04:47
I would say probably over 40

Matthias Miller  2:04:47
with I think that's what they'd said from prior conversations that what's your best guess over 40?

Speaker 1  2:04:54
And are they people that have grown up there are people that are moving.

Speaker 2  2:05:00
If I look at the areas that are being currently sold into then it's people that have been there for a long time and the part that's really, really frustrating to me is the areas I really want to target are going to be a younger it's going to be the younger generation and it's going to be people that have moved in Charlotte, biggest banking capital to us. I mean, you've got loads of people coming into that area for that very reason. So they didn't grow up their their their younger crowd they are much more techy, much more going to be online sale. Same thing with Winston Salem Winston Salem is a big hospital area. And a lot of college people coming into that area for for graduate programs for for going into hospital into medical. The the odd one out of there. Well Greensboro kind of ties into that because it's kind of almost an extension of Winston Salem but and then you get like Lexington which is a little more rural rural of a town, though those areas have been like should be really good hotspots and can't seem to close sales

Speaker 1  2:06:05
for salespeople local. Yeah. Grew up there. How was your average?

Speaker 2  2:06:12
Well, for North Carolina, we just put one in that's going to be targeting those areas and she's over 40 now yeah, no, she's right now. Not quite for now the guys have in Virginia that that that particular clientele would seem to lend itself more towards the been there for a long time. A little bit. older crowd those guys are both older and just seems like low close rates

Speaker 1  2:06:50
so is the issue in in North Carolina are listed as for Virginia for sake of example, we use those. They're both older. Seems like your clientele has maybe been there for a while. Are you focusing on online sales? Are you focusing on dealership dealership? And what kind of product are they looking for? I mean, what what do you sell the most? There?

Speaker 2  2:07:25
I mean all of our sheds are on the upper end of the quality spectrum. In the particular one of the particular areas of the South Boston area of Virginia. The guy that's selling there is he's older and still trying to crack the code why he doesn't sell. What is that and the particular the buildings that that tend to sell there are probably more in the barn category. 10 But 20s 20 fours totalistic six teams that those sizes we do. If they're not going more the painted route than they tend to be more. We've pushed pretty hard on our new metal siding that that we have and there's I feel like that's starting to grab hold but that's a whole nother jump in price tag.

Speaker 1  2:08:32
The reason I'm asking is is like I wasn't able to fully flesh this out. There's a part of me that would have loved to be part of a sales team that we could flesh out selling via personality and clinical. This is gonna get into very interesting, we feel but if you guys gotta go just tell me.

Matthias Miller  2:09:00
We're good eye.

Speaker 1  2:09:03
It'll ruin your salespeople if they ever want to sell anywhere else. If you have somebody that's really good or if there was a way to come up with five questions to ask a customer based on a product that you're selling that told you their personality and you put them in touch with the correct person to close that personality of people. I wonder what the close rate would be but part of the reason I was asking the question is good old boys in parts of the US like to be sold like good old boys. The younger crowd doesn't mind being sold to by older people. As long as they're knowledgeable and get them information. They speak the same. So one of the biggest things that I did and here's the problem with good old boy approach is the fact that you have a hard time driving a sale. The younger crowd the online crowd, it's actually easier to ask them for a sale. Because it is immediate gratification. The good old boy approach is hard because it's like, okay, where do I ask? When do I ask? Are these guys actually ready? They're just kicking the tires and they have to take their backhoe out create something on their land before it doesn't matter if we're gonna be eight weeks out but before you order the building you better have a flat spot, you know, really, it's not the type of people and so I think that's often the hard point in a lot of these areas, because actually judging new clientele is and then actually knowing doesn't mean that you have to be an old person selling it just means that their approach may need to be adjusted for those specific clientele. And it's like, you know, for say, for example, my competitor here dealt with Watkins. They outsold me and I found this out after the fact. They didn't say they outsold me but they would sell to southern Colorado, which is good old boys. I don't care that I found out later that anytime somebody came in from Colorado Springs, they lost their business to us every single time.

Speaker 2  2:11:18
And they couldn't compete. Because their approach was your approach is different approach is different.

Speaker 1  2:11:24
And so knowing your clientele of who you're actually selling to and you're gonna have some overlay, don't get me wrong, there's good old boys and pockets to see too. But as a general rule, knowing who your clientele is, and how you need to focus on them and sales is probably going to help you so if you know that, hey, I need to be spending a little bit more time establishing a relationship with these like, Hey, do I need to ask this question of hey, you know, how's it going, like, I grew up over in that area, and what's happening on this road like you know, there was some road construction, like what's going on? Okay, well, how can I help you and still being able to direct them but still like creating that rapport with them and being like, you know what part of this then they can buy off of you and it doesn't matter if it's young or old, some of them like be older and some of them are like, No, we need to support the young kids. But it does affect your approach. And then if you're selling into some big area, and you're like, well, where's this building going to? Okay, here's how I need to approach that.

Speaker 2  2:12:36
Yeah, and see the good ol boy approach, I think, for both of our Virginia people is exactly the approach they need to be but sitting in Mocksville, between Winston Salem and Statesville and Charlotte and that whole triangle I got some work to do.

Matthias Miller  2:12:53
Well, I mean, yeah.

Speaker 2  2:12:56
Cool. Which is, which is a little bit frustrating because of her personality. Yeah, unfortunately.

Matthias Miller  2:13:09
Oh, but maybe, I don't know. Just the possibility maybe it means the tag team there maybe it's just not a go. We can we can talk about with that.

Speaker 2  2:13:20
I mean, I guess this this comes back to the whole question about how to teach people you know, this is like learning the ability to approach sale completely different based on the person you're talking to. How do you teach that? Can I read people? I don't know you do have experience in sales. This person and what are they average? Probably between 35 between 35 and 40. I mean, she comes out of the her husband's one of our haulers and he would make a fantastic salesperson. But unfortunately but she comes out of like she was doing she was working as a waitress. And so she knows how to talk to people. customer service customer service. Yeah,

Speaker 1  2:14:17
then probably the biggest thing is just teaching her how to ask and and the probably the best way to do this is actually asked her how did you know which tables that you wanted to wait on when you're waitressing?

Speaker 1  2:14:37
How did you know that every single time that something went south of this table you just kind of had an inkling that was gonna happen? What was a tough ask her if she may not know that and just say okay, now, yeah, most people do. Yeah, but you may not be able to name it for me. I can read it. I may not be able to name it. Yeah. So then just be like, okay, when you're on the fall does your body remember this?

Unknown Speaker  2:15:08
Follow it, follow it, know it and follow it.

Speaker 1  2:15:10
And like some people asked me, some some of them were like, How in the world would you do that and tips frankly, I don't know. That sounds stupid. But there is a point where it's like, don't ask me to nail it down. I can't give you the exact specifics like written out. I can tell you the things that helped me. I can tell you the things that I learned over time that really helped me the things I knew about myself. And things I learned about customers but there's also that that innate thing inside of each of us. You answer the phone with somebody and you're like okay, there's an email that comes across to you and you're like, Haha, you know, really, this type of person well guess what, then I respond this way. You know, like, it's just learning to go with it's one of those the same thing like she's an industry she obviously dealt with people and customers, and how to take care of some of that stuff. Might be the easiest way to teach her and just say, hey, there's one point

Matthias Miller  2:16:08
really good point. But really, it's going what you're taking us back to though is back to the beginning where you said, one of the best things you can teach salespeople is trust your instincts, follow their gut, like, listen to it.

Speaker 2  2:16:23
And I think I think a lot of times, salespeople and people who try to teach salespeople try to teach them this magical formula.

Matthias Miller  2:16:32
And then for some people, they end up overthinking the whole process which shoots the whole thing in the foot if you try to teach them exactly.

Speaker 1  2:16:43
So, so it comes back to the same thing like for her I'm using her first aid example. Just because take what she's familiar with,

Matthias Miller  2:16:50
if she enjoyed it,

Speaker 1  2:16:53
you know, it's kind of a mixed bag sometimes, but like, if she enjoyed it and just say like, I mean, after a while there are certain people that walked in that you're just like, I don't want to deal with this. Table people. What was it about? And in the thing that I mean, this is something I just learned about myself is our body holds those things inside of us. Your body will feel it like so if you get tense around certain types of people that come in. You're going to pick up on that on the phone too. And it's gonna be like that. Okay, so well guess what, that may not mean this terrible. It just means I need to respond to them. What

Matthias Miller  2:17:36
we're gonna have so much fun with this

Unknown Speaker  2:17:43
our brains full. I told you that a long time ago.

Matthias Miller  2:17:47
Now about a question. I don't know this has been

Speaker 2  2:17:50
Erik Erikson. It sounds like you'll sit here and continue this conversation for the rest of the afternoon. It's kept

Speaker 1  2:17:54
me entertained. I'm going through my CRM right now cleaning up a bunch of old leads, which is not fun at all.

Unknown Speaker  2:18:04
Hopefully you found a better a CRM the methods

Unknown Speaker  2:18:06
Yeah. Yeah, so cool. Yeah, if there's any other questions you have just fire away. Sounds good. Cool. I've got enough to go.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai