Speaker 1  00:50
Wait is from here on out. So, if we're gonna survive if what we're seeing is now is just the sort of day to day struggle of literally surviving until she gets even worse, then if I'm going to choose to do that, we have to learn to adapt. So I took one of my n 95 masks, and I went out to my hike, and it was a Saturday and there wasn't anyone really there. I was like, fuck it. Fuck the fuck the smoke and I did the entire hike with an N 95 mask on not because of COVID but because of the fucking air, and I just did it. I focused in I got into sort of a I would never compare myself to a firefighter, but I'm like, they do it. I'm doing it. I got the mask. This is what it's gonna be. This is what life is like from here on out. Deal with it adapt. I did the hike. And the next day my long shot like shit. But I'm okay. I'm going to adapt. I'm going to fucking adapt. Man. I don't know what's going to happen five minutes in front of me. God dammit. So Tony Colette is here. I did get a little intense about the Charlie Calvin movie and do i is it Calvin or Kaufman Charlie Kaufman movie. I'm still thinking about it to a certain degree, but it's really like it's not a matter of like what I took away from the movie. It's a matter of like, what was that? Now I'm not dismissing it. I'm not diminishing it. It's a long very well thought out very sort of, you know, meticulously edited and shot and conceived movie.

Unknown Speaker  04:16
Hey, john, oh, Matt,

Unknown Speaker  04:17
how you doing?

Matthias Miller  04:18
Hey, I'm doing good.

Unknown Speaker  04:21
Work. Yeah, awesome. Great.

Speaker 2  04:25
I'm not sure why I did that. I went into my time trade and change the or thought I did anyway change the zoom thing but it's still showing up as the old one. Anyway, okay, we're here.

Matthias Miller  04:38
We're here. It's a matter of

Unknown Speaker  04:42
cool.

Speaker 2  04:43
All right. Well, it sounds like you've got some. You got some feedback from Perry in the was that the forum? Yes. Okay. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  04:56
Awesome.

Matthias Miller  04:57
So basically just looking at The start attitude kind of highlighting the two major pieces that were that I think are getting us in trouble and giving us feedback on those. And also, we have, well, yeah, let me throw out a few things. And then I'll let you kind of drive it from there. But we've we have this client who's been begging us for, he's like, Can you guys move faster? And we're like, well, maybe. And so we're thinking about actually bringing him on site. And having like, a three to five day, you know, sit for sit around for coffee, and we'll we'll talk about your business. I mean, it's kind of like the can we do the feed stories equivalent for software design at the end, you have a mock up, you walk away into the week, you walk away with a mock up of what it's what it's going to look like and how it works. And so we're playing, playing around with that kind of as an idea for kind of a proposition simplifier. Maybe. Not sure what people will say, but it's kind of like I mean, I mean, a possible angle is like, Look, you have it have a vacation to Colorado that you can write off as business expense and, and have everything designed nothing else you need to worry about, possibly with some guarantees centered around that. You could do something like for every, you know, if we, we have to call you up with any questions afterwards figure out how nice to work well, we'll pay you back $100 an hour for every, you know, anytime we spend on the phone or something like that. That's just an idea, but it kind of lets you take it from take it from here.

Speaker 2  06:39
Well, tell me more about the the question that he asked, Can you guys move faster? What What was the? I don't know. Can you tell me more about that.

Matthias Miller  06:50
Um, so I think I think moving faster requires

Unknown Speaker  07:03
Hmm,

Matthias Miller  07:05
I think I think that would allow us to move faster.

Unknown Speaker  07:10
What would

Matthias Miller  07:12
the having them on site in like having focused and technically they wouldn't have to be on site, I just think that the level of, of the quality of the experience would be that much better if they were on site. But if we had highly focused days where we'd be like, we'd schedule like three to four short calls a day with working sessions in between, for like three days and get it knocked out in a three day timeframe. Okay, but and then the actual development to actually speed up just to be of the actual development we need to get. We need to hire better devs and scale up the team

Unknown Speaker  07:58
Okay,

Speaker 2  08:01
Uh, when I think of getting on a plane and going on site somewhere, that doesn't immediately make me think that that's, that's, that's going faster.

Matthias Miller  08:15
Right? But that

Speaker 2  08:16
doesn't mean you can't sell it that way and then it's not, you know that, that it actually is moving faster. I think it would have to be tied to some kind of, you know, like feed stories. I think the way they kind of sell it is that we've got this process down so well, like we know exactly what questions to ask. And you know, it's not just sitting around trying to figure out what we're going to do. It's like you get here we were set up, you start we start talking on camera right away and you know, that kind of thing. So they sell it as a you know, We've got this process that other people don't have, where you're not going to be wasting time, you're going to come and see us and you're going to go home with, you know, dot, dot, dot, you know, like, whatever it is, I don't even know what they guarantee, but it's something like, you know, at least an hour's worth of video content that's, you know, hard hitting and they can use immediately and communicates their USP and all that kind of stuff.

Unknown Speaker  09:27
You can certainly sell something like that

Speaker 2  09:30
for an on site thing. The other part that sort of is a red, not a red flag, but the difficulty is just the whole idea of getting people on site in our current age of COVID. Exactly, getting people on the plane, getting people to travel, you know that that whole deal is kind of been screwed up a little bit, or a lot bit.

Matthias Miller  09:58
So part of the reason we haven't done that.

Speaker 2  10:02
How does does something like that? You know, is that a so that that question of can you move faster? Has that been asked either explicitly or have you felt it sort of implicitly with other other clients prospects in the past?

Matthias Miller  10:24
Hmm. Sorry, one more time.

Speaker 2  10:30
Um, yeah. So that question of that, that will that client asked, Can you go faster? Has that have you heard that question before, either explicitly, or maybe just, you know, implicitly thought people wanted you to move faster?

Matthias Miller  10:45
I don't know that many of them have, I think I mean, this client has been one of the main ones. Typically what you run into, is that there's they're gonna a couple of factors. And how we've done it so far previously, I didn't have capacity. I mean, I didn't have mental capacity to do more than like one, like a few calls a week. Just because I didn't have the support I needed. Number two, many of these guys would attend to get to this level, they are really busy. So I think, I think part of the value may be look, you, you can at least schedule a vacation. And it's gonna be a lot easier for you to focus on this. If we can go faster if we have your undivided attention and you're not getting interrupted all the time. So go schedule your vacation and get away from all this stuff. But there's also Flipside where we haven't gotten a lot of requests because I think just because I think these guys are so busy. Like if it may be better for them to work in an hour or two here in there, rather than rather than just yeah

Unknown Speaker  11:57
okay.

Matthias Miller  12:01
But no, we haven't gotten a lot of, well, we know we actually haven't gotten a lot of requests for doing it faster.

Speaker 2  12:08
Well, right. But that's, um, that's not necessarily a mark against it because people, you know, it's just in general, people always want things to go faster. And, you know, yes, as you can always count on them wanting if you can put it, you can put an offer or proposition in front of them that says, you know, we guarantee to do it in X amount of time, then it's sort of like one of the qualifications is, well, here's how we get it done that fast, and it's either they have to block out now maybe it's, you know, maybe it's blocked out longer than an hour at a time. Like, you know, maybe there's something in your intake or your guarantee for that fast turnaround that requires them to know it's not going to be an hour here and there when it's convenient to you. We know way we get this done is that we dot dot dot, you know, maybe it's a three hour call or you know or maybe it is you know, hey, here's one of your options the fastest way to knock this out is you come see us, you know for a day and we you know we knock this out and whatever 24 hours or whatever What do you know whatever the guarantee yeah well what and you know, we've talked before about that possibly one of your you know that you guys might just focus on people who have purchased a retail solution before been through that ringer is the so this particular client that's asking for a faster turnaround is that someone who's been through the retail, software wringer. Okay,

Matthias Miller  13:49
but they've actually have a custom not a retail but another custom product that they've been using. But then these guys, it's kind of a mixed thing because these guys show up and they're like, Yes, we we want custom and we just want it like the way that it's built before but we don't like the old one. So it's not necessarily in some ways, it seems like oh, that should be faster, but it's actually not that much faster because we find that there's a lot of things they didn't think through, you know, like, broad brushstrokes of Yeah, like, well, I just want some, some changes. Now thinking through the implications of that.

Speaker 2  14:25
Well, there's a couple of things one, the if there's a way you can either come, you know, either for custom solution or retail solute solution, if you can, if there's a way that you could say, you know, you probably spent X amount of time going through the retail process, you know, whatever that is, and then you're able to guarantee you know, something like at least 50% less time to get your second

Matthias Miller  15:00
But one comment on Perry. Yeah. Harry's email. He didn't actually specifically mentioned time, maybe that's what he meant. But he mentioned simplicity.

Unknown Speaker  15:08
Yeah.

Matthias Miller  15:10
Well, that. I mean, they're probably connected.

Speaker 2  15:13
Well, yeah, it's they, they're often connected, right? Because, right. Like, I was talking to another client last week. And they were, you know, they were asking questions about this a completely different field. And it's like, Okay, what do you currently require the customer to do? What steps do you require them to do, you know, to, for you to, for you to be able to service them this way that you could remove that you could offer an often this is a we were actually concentrating on like espresso machine stuff. So we're like, how can you like if you were to come up with a service that cost like five times as much how many of those steps that you're currently asking them to do, can you come in and do for them? Now obviously, if you're coming in and doing those steps for them, it's going to cost them a lot more money. But some clients might be willing to pay that, you know, Perry, Perry is an example of, I think he was like a tax, a tax expert, or a state expert or something. And one of his offerings was they actually send people to the, to their, to their home, and they basically take a coat, they go through their entire filing cabinet and scan everything, and it's like, they do all the work so that the person has to do nothing. Just that kind of thing. And that often is that often does result right in faster, right? Because we're gonna come and get it done. Three hours, you're not going to have to look through all your paperwork and find this, that this and send us this, you know, we'll just come and get it. So it's that kind of thing. It often doesn't translate. I'll stop talking.

Matthias Miller  16:56
All right. I want to I want to talk about what this looks like. This is getting me excited. Because, basically, um, typically we're walking them through, they're walking us through the process, but I think more and more, I mean, one of the things that looks like is like basically Hey, send us send us your send us any information that you have your product, your order forms, your, your product list your like whatever it is, screenshots of your existing software, etc, or you're like let's do a zoom call. They have existing software and just walk us through it, we record it, and then we go back and we've got all that for reference. And then let us then we'll do the heavy lifting. We'll create a proposal of how we think it should work. And then we'll we'll work through any kind of any changes with you of what you know either misunderstandings of how it works or like any any kind of improvements on on That process now one of the one of the things that you're at risk of, I guess, but this would naturally happen as part of whatever we're doing is that and then we would start questioning their process as part of that and asking clarifying questions when when we're doing that. So basically, we just do the design process internally and accumulate questions to get started. Right.

Unknown Speaker  18:27
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  18:31
So

Speaker 2  18:35
So how much of how much of what you just said would would save them significant amount of time or hassle?

Speaker 2  18:49
And would they, I guess what I'm saying is would they would they realize at a you know, at a on a visceral level, oh, this is definitely saving us time and this is an easier way to do this than Other ways we've experienced her?

Unknown Speaker  19:03
Um,

Matthias Miller  19:08
so yeah, because most of the time Oh, here it is, here's one way to say it. Most of the time you're researching the software to find out if it does what you need it to do. We reverse it. And we research your business to find out what you need. You just send us the materials. And we'll put the pieces together. And then you'll and then somewhere you have to put in the fact that we're not just they have some kind of, you know, you'll you'll have some way of speaking, speaking into it. Like we're not just going to take it and run with it, but, but like, let us do the research. You Yeah. And then and then put it all together. That's kind of the the shift, um,

Unknown Speaker  20:07
what would you

Speaker 2  20:10
What? What would you need from them to do that for them?

Matthias Miller  20:16
Um, I would probably what we do is have like a some kind of, we just

Matthias Miller  20:30
we could have a questionnaire or a checklist. I'm trying to think what exactly it would be. If it's order management then things like their order forms invoicing, some of those types of things or

Matthias Miller  20:51
I guess what I would envision this is not very detailed. What I have envisioned is them just sending over a packet of like, okay, here's everything we've got with some, you know, some examples from No clients and stuff that we've done that we've done, or that we Yeah, whatever filled out forms or something like that. I don't know that's, that's quite good enough. It could also be more of a structured questionnaire of like

Unknown Speaker  21:22
we'll do a

Matthias Miller  21:25
x minute onboarding call where we we get 70% of what we need and then you email us a packet of scanned documents. I'm not sure.

Speaker 2  21:45
Is there a place this is just a an idea that came into my head, I don't know if this is something that would be like doable or applicable or what but the idea of a

Unknown Speaker  21:58
well, kind of like a dashboard. A,

Speaker 2  22:02
like a, so if you make a guarantee that, you know, you'll some some kind of guarantee you will you'll do it faster and it'll be exactly what they need. And it feels like something that they built, you know, that kind of, you know, that kind of guarantee. And then you, you had some sort of like device, like a sort of like a dashboard that they could see. That's like, okay, here's here are the things that you that we need to accomplish to get this done in the speed that you want it done. And they'll be able to look at that dashboard and see, okay, that's what I need to do next, or here's how far along we are in the process or, you know what I'm saying? Like they look at 60% done, and this is what we need to get to them and that's pretty simple. And I can do that right now. And Okay, now we're 80% done. I don't know. It's just a Yeah, we're almost like a LMS slash gamified version of them submitting all the requirements will suck. Yeah, something that would it one it communicates, like how fast they're getting things and how fast they could get things right. Because it shows them. Okay. It's like, here's how close we are. Right? And, you know, and it's almost like you make it seem like it's up to them how fast it is, like we can get it done this fast. If you do these things that are on the dashboard, and you go in and get, we can get it done even faster than we guaranteed maybe, you know, you know, quote, maybe. And then the other thing is it. It's a also a it's a I don't know, it's like a reminder of what they need to get you.

Unknown Speaker  23:54
Something else I was going to say about that. That could be beneficial, but I can't now it's escaped me. But yeah, you

Matthias Miller  24:02
were almost like the kind of thing. And here's where things kind of pop up. But instead of doing calls, yeah, it could be like, if you had a way to post questions in there, like, maybe it's a yes or no question. Like you, you say, Do you want this to be like this or like this? Or do you do need to this or this? And, and it's the kind of thing where they can just pop it up on their phone and be like, hey, you've got three new, you know, we we say, we think it's gonna take this long for you to answer this question. You've got, you know, three, three questions that will take you five minutes to answer something like that. And they, they click it, they answer your questions, and then shoot it back to us. And, and so we eliminate the whole scheduling piece of the communication.

Speaker 2  24:55
If Yeah, if that's a I could again, I'm outside The industry so I don't know. But, you know, if if a, quote, hassle of software development like this is, is, you know, oh, it's I got to schedule a certain number of calls and I'm gonna have to sit on these calls, I'm gonna have to work them into my calendar and it's, you know, and if their experience with all in the past is, well, you know what we spend an hour on the call and I think that probably everybody in every meeting that everyone's ever in, they always come away thinking, well, we probably could have got that done in five minutes. Yeah, well, almost like 90% of the, you know, meetings that people have to go to. They always think that Oh, that probably could have been done in 10 minutes or over email or whatever. And if that's if that's a perception in your industry in your niche or whatever, then then Absolutely. Okay, we won't we won't put you through that. We've got this process, this elegant, simplified process that, you know, if it's a two minute question that we need an answer from it. pops up and you just answer the question and that moves us along. And you can see how much further along in the process we are and immediately know where the where the hang ups are. And what's what's keeping us from moving ahead. And we will, you know, you can always say, when appropriate, we'll do a call, right if we need to hop on it, but our system is set up to, like, I don't know how you phrase it, but our system is set up to to avoid, you know, bothering you with so this is kind of the opposite of your in person thing.

Matthias Miller  26:36
Yeah, it is, but it's better suited because these guys are, I mean, they'll hop in the truck will go quota job and they'll see they have a tech so pull it out and be like, okay, like send back the response, like that's how they operate. Their whole life is is reactionary. So, so I could actually see this integrating very well. It's like okay, Like, yeah, like, it's not just I just see it working very well. Um, and we could even we could even have them, you know, ask them for documents and have them away that they can just snap a picture with their phone and send stuff back to us. Just, you know, just take a take a few pictures of, of some things or, you know, whatever.

Unknown Speaker  27:30
Yeah, I don't know if there's a place for like,

Speaker 2  27:36
you know, like my CPA for my taxes, they're, you know, they don't want whatever we can avoid it. They don't want things emailed, right? They want an upgrade, portal.

Unknown Speaker  27:47
portal, you know, kind of situation where they can.

Speaker 2  27:53
I don't know enough about it, but I cheated. My CPA doesn't have an app for that, but I'm sure it's possible to have a poor We're an app, sort of, anyway, we're getting into a lot of tech.

Matthias Miller  28:04
Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. I'll be waiting. We'll talk to the tech guys about how we can you know, do a portal and all that. All that.

Speaker 2  28:15
Right. Well, I think I think the the main things to concentrate on are, you know, is it So does it is it is it different enough that they go, you know, oh the old way is so not the way I prefer to do things and this is the way I prefer to do things and it seems simpler and more elegant. And, and while this is awesome, and then they also see that it that it you know it that it makes it easier for them but also they see somehow they they get an image or a visceral sort of thing that shows them you know, it's going fast. You know, or how close they are to completion or, because I'm just guessing that one of the frustrations is, you know, I've done enough work in, in, you know, with software people that I know that scope creep is often a big problem, right? And they go, okay, we start if this is what it's going to be, and it's going to take this long, and then Spokane comes in, and it ends up taking five times as long as we thought and it's terrible. And they never be part of the problem with it's like working with contractors at your house, right? It's part of the frustration is, with most of them, you don't know exactly when it's going to be done, you know, it's eventually going to be done. But even if they tell you a week, you know, it's not going to be a week, right? You're like, Okay, look, what's the what's the what's the ambiguity factor that I calculated for my contractors, you know, it does a week mean a month.

Matthias Miller  29:58
Exactly. So anything So,

Speaker 2  30:00
yeah, give them that shows them okay, here is exactly how far we are from being done. And, you know, here's here are the things that you are not doing that are keeping us from, from moving it from, you know, kicking the can further down the road.

Matthias Miller  30:14
So I'm gonna go ahead. But one of the things that we do is we address scope creep in the in the initial engagement. So essentially, we just one of the one of the things that makes it so difficult, like we can, there's a point in the deployment process where we need to get information from them, we need to get their data or whatever, we need to start taking that live either sample data or the final data that for Migration if we're migrating existing systems, but for the most part, if we did, if we did a thorough job in the design phase, like they don't have to do it, they don't have to lift a finger during the actual development or it's going to be very minimal. So, but on the design phase, like, there may be like, we had this We did a quote final review with with one of our clients recently and we were talking through stuff and they're like, Oh, hey, by the way, we should do x, which is, you know, this is the perfect time to be talking about that kind of stuff, but we can't necessarily. So I guess maybe the question is, it's like, what is the process? Maybe you put together a high level process of like, kind of like the initial research Well, okay, it's the getting client materials. It's the initial research. And then it's the formulating formulating a draft. It's a client review, final revisions. Client sign off and then prior or next sign off isn't the right word client approval, and then pricing thing or, you know, final proposal with Such bid, something like that where it's a multi stage process, we don't necessarily give you a full. We're not necessarily giving you a full picture of like, we think this is going to be done on. Or maybe we do. I guess I'm not sure how to do that, because besides just making intelligent guesses about how much stuff is gonna get thrown in there.

Speaker 2  32:28
Well, can ya Can you make reasonable guesses from the processes? Let us know. Can you look at prior clients and go? Okay, here's how long it took. But if we had a process that, you know, showed them that that made it simpler for them to get us the stuff we needed to get. How much shorter could that process have been something like that?

Matthias Miller  32:56
Yeah,

Speaker 2  32:57
like the process currently was, you know, All we need to do another meeting. So we lost a week trying to figure out a time where we can talk on the phone. And if that process was eliminated and they could do something like, you know it would that shrink it by six days or something, okay, well, that then that kind of thing. Go back and look at processes you've done with other clients and go, Okay, here's how long it took. But if we had this process in place, and then, you know, make some sort and then as you you know, in the future, if you do something like this, then it's, you can make more accurate estimates of how long it will take it actually might even become some sort of, you know, almost network effect to affect the kind of thing right because you're gaining information each time that you you go along and you can make almost, you know, if you get it once you get enough information, you can make pretty precise estimates. slash guarantees about how, how fast it would go if, you know if they, you know, do what they're supposed to do based on what the dashboard or whatever it is tells them to do.

Matthias Miller  34:19
Thinking about which this is not this is not the time in place for it, but I'm thinking about what what kind of a minimum viable product there is on this on this dashboard, slash, yes, etc. Um so very, very interesting.

Matthias Miller  34:45
I'll have to think that through. But the short answer I think, is there's a fundamentally different way of approaching this if if I had to summarize all this stuff where it's, it is a rather than a meeting centric approach, meeting centric and client centric approach. It is it is an approach where we're basically we do research on your we do research on your business. Yeah. Going back to that statement very much at the beginning, and and we can actually accelerate it by by doing it on your schedule.

Unknown Speaker  35:23
Yes.

Speaker 2  35:25
I think any way that you can make a comparison between the way they're used to doing it and again, this goes back to the whole it is this is your, you know, your sweet spot people who have been through a retail situation before you can compare it to a situation they've been in before. and say here's how this is different. And here's how it is the way you prefer to do things and the way you go through your day. Anyway, and rather than Taking a week to schedule a meeting and then taking an hour out of your time to do a meeting. Sometimes we can do that and as fast as a, you know, a two minute text or you know, whatever it might be. Yeah. Is there a place where, again with the retail thing

Unknown Speaker  36:24
that you can say something like?

Speaker 2  36:30
So the retail the problem there is often that it's one size fits all right? Yep. So they're having to do a lot of research on the front end, which you mentioned. So that's one thing that's different. They're not doing with this situate, with your situation. They're not doing the research as much you're doing the research on them. And then I think there's some kind of industry thing maybe where? I don't know where I'm going with this exactly. But the the retail solution, you probably had to do a lot of Yeah, I guess it's the same thing. And so not only did they have to research the the solution, the retail solution, but then they probably had to teach the retail rep or whatever, about their I don't know, is this making any sense? Like they had to teach their rep a little bit about their industry or their business where they're not going to have to do that as much with you guys because you already know their industry?

Matthias Miller  37:42
Um, I think I don't think that's super strong. I think it's gonna get stronger. But I think I think there's also the element of I don't know this is right. They had to figure out how to they had to figure And this is kind of like one size fits all, but they had to figure out how to adapt the way they want to do business into what the retail thing could do. And they're come. Yeah, I don't know. That's no, that's a strong angle. So I think I think with time we can we can get there. I think there's still some fairly strong some things that are still fairly strong within the some really strong vendors in the retail space in the construction industry that I don't know that we're, I think have deeper industry knowledge than we do. All right. So maybe we're comfortable with the claim, but but

Speaker 2  38:41
good. No, I'm just saying maybe that's not part of it, then maybe it's just the, you know, you had to do a lot of research upfront and you don't have to do it this time where we do the research on you and we eliminate that and

Unknown Speaker  38:56
yeah, and then just focus on the

Speaker 2  39:00
How much faster it's going to be and then also tied into that is all the other benefits that they're going to get because they finally got the right solution right? All the

Unknown Speaker  39:14
stuff you already know about

Speaker 2  39:17
how much time they'll save how much money they'll save, how much whatever whatever it is, whatever their main problem is, and facing with the one size fits all that's going to be cured. Now once you get you get their solution, that solution that they need it's a right that's that's exactly what they would build if they can build it themselves. So

Unknown Speaker  39:40
you know there's

Matthias Miller  39:40
and then with a the guarantee ties basically tight basically ties into into this into a look, we're not going to miss anything kind of thing. And scares the living daylights out daylights out of me. If that's not done. Right. But that's really I think where the teeth are like, not only is it going to be faster but but we have a proven process and you're not going to get to the end of the project and be like, Ah, man, we should have they completely forgot to ask us about this.

Unknown Speaker  40:20
Um

Speaker 2  40:24
Yeah, and I think that's part of the, you know, forgot to ask us about this is that's that that's part of the intake process, that's part of Okay, that needs to be like in the dashboard. You know, we have to make part of the dashboard or that they have to go or whatever it is, like maybe it's a questionnaire they have to give answers satisfactorily to all these to certain questions and get a certain things that we need. And then we can make that guarantee if they don't do that, then they don't get the guarantee and it's sort of like you know, a if then guaranteed, accepted. If you if you do everything that's on our, our custom dashboard, sure none and dot dot dot.

Matthias Miller  41:08
And the guarantee can simply be well, we'll give you it could be one K or five k towards the development of whatever it was we missed.

Unknown Speaker  41:20
Sure, yeah.

Matthias Miller  41:21
Or, I mean, is that strong enough?

Speaker 2  41:23
Well, yeah, I think it's again, the main thing to focus on the the the attention grabbing nature of it, is it different enough like oh, I've never even heard that before. I can't, you know, doesn't go Oh, man. I've never heard that kind of guarantee. That's, I got to find out more about that.

Matthias Miller  41:44
And I don't know the answer to that. Um,

Unknown Speaker  41:49
well, do you know any retail would be lotions that offer something like that?

Matthias Miller  41:54
Oh, come on. No. You buy it, you. You sign it, you sign your life on the line. Right. Well, then You go, you you sign a contract, right? I mean, I've again, great story with that. With the retail solution, you sign a contract. And you'll stick to it. whether it works or not. Yeah. The onus is on you. With us if we miss anything we'll give you credit

Unknown Speaker  42:34
towards

Matthias Miller  42:37
adding that feature.

Speaker 2  42:39
Yeah, I mean, I think that's, again, if they have to have had the retail experience, but you know, it's like if you've had, if you've gone through this experience, then you know, you sign your life away, you sign a contract, you know, all of the risk is on your side. It's not on their side, if they screw something up, and it's not exactly what you need, who cares? It is basically They're their attitude.

Matthias Miller  43:01
Well, and but I think even if somebody isn't on the retail side, if there's some newbie who's he's running if, you know, running a team, and he's like, I don't do software, but I need this. And he's like, and he's like, I don't know, like, I'm scared and he's buddy, but he knows that. I guess part of the one of the reasons the dollar amount isn't all that helpful is because he doesn't know. Yeah, most of these guys don't have a clue what it's actually going to cost. Right. And that's where five like a five k has a lot more. It's probably a lot more attention grabbing. But But or we could say that we provide the we provide the additional we all provide the additional development at 80% 80% of our cost. Or I don't like that either. Anyway, we'll play around with it.

Speaker 2  44:09
Yeah, it's always going to be harder with people who don't who have not had the bleeding neck experience. You can paint the bleeding neck for people who haven't had it and maybe they'll get it and maybe they won't. But if you do it with people have they they're always gonna get it. I was gonna go Oh, yeah. Yep, I signed my life away and they didn't get it right and, and here's how much I'm, I'm losing. I mean, partier guarantee could also be something like

Unknown Speaker  44:41
Well,

Speaker 2  44:42
you could have guarantees about once you figure out, you know, their business as if part of your dashboard is collecting some kind of information like you can like getting them to say what they think they're losing every month or every year in either time. More money. You know, you could have some sort of guarantee tied to, you know, this is how much we're going to save you every month. And if we don't do that then.dot.or if you don't believe that we have solved that problem that you told us, we'll save you $20,000 a month or whatever it is.

Matthias Miller  45:21
See, I don't know that. Maybe I'm over complicating it because because it seems like part of the guarantee could actually be as simple as, as we're going to do what we say and we're going to and here's what happens if we don't? Yeah. Like, if they've done custom development, they know that these things you know, they know about scope creep and in competent developers and building the wrong thing and all of this stuff off. With the retail side they know about sales guys who are looking to score some points on their

Unknown Speaker  45:55
scoreboard right?

Matthias Miller  46:00
If they haven't been there, there's this fear of what if I get what I don't want. And so, so I think, I think the guarantee is, more or less, you're going to be blown away by the level of thoroughness that we display and how well we understand your business. That's something we hear time and time again. And be, you're going to know exactly what you're going to get. And you're going to know exactly what you're going to pay for it. And see, if we fail to deliver on either of those. It's it's on on us not you will, we'll give you free labor until until the problem is resolved.

Speaker 2  46:41
Yeah, and again, I think if you can, if if they look at that and they go, okay, that is way different from anything I've ever heard from the retail side. And I think that that is enough and that's powerful enough and it's just a matter of details at that point. And then if the other side of that is If you put that in terms where they go, that's how I treat my customers. And that's how I do things. Like if I screw up, I don't ask my customers to just Well, you got to live with it, like whatever it is construction or cabinets that if you if they screw up you know they are pulling cabinets off the wall and doing doing it again. But you're such a craftsman that you probably never do that because you care enough dot dot dot all that kind of thing. But if you do, you'd be tired. You'd be tearing cabinets off the wall. And we're the same way if we screwed up, we're gonna be tearing cabinets off.

Unknown Speaker  47:40
You're not gonna pay for it. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  47:46
Like it. I think I honestly think I mean, we need to get some feedback probably. But I honestly think that guarantee by itself is good enough.

Speaker 2  47:55
Yeah, and again, if you mean anything you can do with current costs. demurs to get a to get the languaging right is to is some kind of Livingston survey with, with some of them to go, Okay, how did they put it in their language? Like, okay, what was the problem? Yeah? How hard was it to fix? And how is their life change? That will if nothing else if you get, you know if you can get 10 or 20 of those. The last question is probably going to give you some really good clues about the languaging to use. Because like, Oh, this is how they say it. So this is the way we should, we should guarantee it isn't the language they use. And we heard this phrase nine times and 20 surveys or whatever it is.

Matthias Miller  48:46
By the way, side note, we I don't know if this I didn't tell you this. We closed our first six figure software project.

Unknown Speaker  48:54
Awesome.

Matthias Miller  48:55
Yeah. So and this was all because of my my Using the I don't know what it was the probably the most ever paid on any kind of discovery agreement training was like at 21 when Perry was doing his $29 training webinars, but it was all through a discovery contract and they said, they said, quote, The convincing factor was the thoroughness, what they said it wasn't an easy decision. It seemed there had to be a solution that cost about half the amount. The convincing factor was the thoroughness with which Matthias worked through and documented the details of what we were trying to accomplish. There you go. So, and I think that goes back and we've we've heard that time and time again, where it may have stressed them out just a little bit. But but they were always blown away with the level of detail and thoroughness that they got. Well, not always, always but we've gotten that a lot and we can continue raising the bar. And so I think, I think continuing to do that, that survey but we're gonna have to start somewhere. I think this is a good place to start. I like that a lot. I like this. A lot.

Speaker 2  50:00
Right, that's awesome. You want to? Is there anything particular you want to dive into in the last few minutes we have here or so? I'm thinking obviously, you know, when we look at tactical triangle, I think yours is, you know your angle, I think, right now is the economics angle. So, you know, a little bit of converged, they all overlap, right? They all affect each other, each angle. But it's, I think, where we have been where we should probably stay for a while as the economics angle of the triangle. And the other tool that we could go through on that. I mean, you have my login, so you can do it yourself. But but is the espresso tool? Yeah, espresso tool we should we eventually either you can do that on your own or we can go through it together or however you want. By the way, did you do the what was the login work?

Matthias Miller  50:57
Yes, the login work. That was very helpful. And then I went I went and I just need to Yeah, I just need to get some I wanted to get some tangibles around kind of what were the sticking points on the on the store attitude and that was very helpful. So let's do it. I would feel better if we did it together.

Unknown Speaker  51:15
So let's do that.

Speaker 2  51:16
Okay, um, see here share screen.

Matthias Miller  51:21
Mostly because I'm so ridiculously difficult to pin pin down and actually kipping to sit down and do something like that.

Unknown Speaker  51:29
That's after they're

Speaker 2  51:32
close that. Okay, can you see my screen? Yep, I got it. So it's down here at the bottom. So it starts with a kind of like,

Unknown Speaker  51:44
we don't have to do this part of it, but

Speaker 2  51:49
see down here. So it starts with just a simple calculator that you know, probably uses Perry's a 20 skew curve thing calculates, you know, so we can do this part or we can skip it, it's up to you. Or we can just put in some, some dummy numbers. But

Matthias Miller  52:11
like, I mean, could we do like 30? k at five buyers? No, that's the starting point.

Speaker 2  52:16
Yeah, I think what we'll get or is it? Well, we won't get much because this number here, the number is a big driver. Yeah, is it it usually doesn't give much results unless you have a pretty big number in the second box, but we'll just see what it tells us. So

Matthias Miller  52:35
these are your right. So now offer, which is about right. I mean,

Speaker 2  52:45
it's that's easy. That's it looks like it's a pretty simple what he's doing is, you know, 20% will pay four times as much,

Matthias Miller  52:50
right? Yeah. Is there another way we should be? I mean, is there another way,

Speaker 2  52:57
it's good. You could I mean, Let's see, you know, like, if you had, you know, let's say let's go all the way up to 1000 Let's just to see what it gives us if we put 1000 in there sure. Because that's a big number. Okay, so what that says is 200 so yeah, 5% would pay 125% of that would pay for 85% of the art. Yeah, but is that right? No, 20% of that right. 20% of that. Yeah. No, five, eight times. one fifth is 20%. Yep. Yeah, that's those are the numbers at 1000 given those 30,000 that you had numbers that big, and you could craft an offer I mean, you know, with this with this stuff, it's always this phrase is always the key, right? Yeah, yeah. offered the right one would pay that. That's often the the crux Okay, what what kind of offered Do we need to make app to get that that kind of those Kind of buyers to, to, to say yes,

Matthias Miller  54:04
so but that doesn't mean at this point. This is sorry 30,000 that's 30 at the point that we hit 30 million. Wait, you can almost double it with a six figure offer

Unknown Speaker  54:20
I see that you should add comp you did just get your first six figure right? Yeah,

Speaker 2  54:26
yeah, we just did it in this range it was even higher.

Matthias Miller  54:29
Now it was we just top six figures it was like what I want actually.

Unknown Speaker  54:34
Alright, so even at that very small number it's

Matthias Miller  54:38
I mean it's we're I mean that's small number it's working I think I think basically and we have a prospect that's talking about a one to two k maybe I'm sorry, one to 200 k maybe into maybe hitting a quarter million but I don't know for sure. And and it's and that's stretching him pretty hard on initial run with it. Well,

Speaker 2  54:56
then I think the productive exercise there Is is to spend, you know, whatever it is. I mean, I think this is literally $10,000 an hour work right is is thinking deeply about what is different about that customer that did six figures compared to the ones that do 30,000. So that's the Okay, so what what was it? About the offer? What was it about the customer? What was it about their bleeding neck? What was it about there?

Unknown Speaker  55:32
Yeah, the problem. Okay, so here's the question. This is

Matthias Miller  55:38
a fairly This is what fundamental questioning but we've we're still basically doing a time and materials based pricing model,

Unknown Speaker  55:50
okay.

Matthias Miller  55:54
So, is there a way that we can take a 30 k product and solve 100 k problem or I mean obviously a let's say a 30 day 30 k product solve a million dollar problem and charge 100 k as an example.

Speaker 2  56:14
Yes. And you will know I mean my guess is you cannot do that on a time on materials basis because no

Matthias Miller  56:22
you cannot that's but then how do you find okay this is this is getting really deep here it's kind of stretching my brain but how how do you it really comes down to pricing, you know, cost biasing or whatever you want to call it, of like really getting good at identifying the, the literal cost of what it's costing them in terms of time, growth, opportunity cost, actual expenses. stakes, all of those things. So it seems to me that one of the axes that we need to be sharpening is what are the questions that we need to be asking to uncover those pain points to uncover and quantify those pain points? Is that right?

Speaker 2  57:16
Well, correct. I think what you're the the, the short version of that is sell results, not procedures.

Matthias Miller  57:25
Right,

Speaker 2  57:26
though time and materials is procedures. So they go, Oh, it's gonna take them that much time. And, you know, it's gonna, you know, this is what we're paying for. And then we're gonna go through this step. Oh, go ahead.

Matthias Miller  57:39
Yeah, we don't actually tell. I mean, we basically say here's the end product. And internally when we, you know, when we do our bid, we figured out how much development time it's going to be. Okay, we need

Speaker 2  57:50
to do that. You don't put that on the pricing to them.

Matthias Miller  57:54
There's no there's a there's a delivery timeframe timeframe, that's the closest that they can get to To predicting about how much work goes into it, but it's really, it's really opaque about what we actually do in our process.

Speaker 2  58:07
Okay, then, then there's not a problem there, I think it's just a matter of moving more and more of the emphasis to results. So So and making your procedures seem as different from the procedures of everybody else's you possibly can so that they're every time they look at your procedure. They're not seeing and this goes back to kind of the dashboard thing and the simplify the proposition simplification is every time they think about, quote, procedures or steps they have to go through with you, they're not thinking, Oh my gosh, I gotta set another meeting or you know, you know, it's, it's, it's every time they think of your procedures, they're thinking, Oh, this is easy. This is quick. You know, it's so much faster than and I there's, they remove the ambiguity. I can tell how long is this gonna take? And, you know, that kind of thing. So, yeah, proposition simplification is there may still be procedures, but every time they think of those procedures, they just think about how much better it is. It's like Uber, right? There. There are procedures. Yeah. But every time you pick up your phone, or at least when, you know, I still think people do, but you don't think of oh my gosh, I have to do this click, and then I have to check my phone to see when he's going to arrive. And then every time Yeah,

Matthias Miller  59:33
well, okay. Wow, this is so here's, here's a good way to position it, what I want them I can think about the emotions I want them to experience when they pick up our competitors and pick up the phone and call our competitors. And they're like, Well, we know well, we need to well, we fill in the blank and I want them to get a tight feeling in their chest and be like, Oh my goodness, like I can't even like like in this day and age people are actually doing business like that. So that's really good. Are there ways that we can. And so and so one of the things we talked about is once we hit that point, then we just charge, I mean, maybe it is just a matter of, of padding it with an extra, you know, 30% or whatever's, whatever the right amount is,

Speaker 2  1:00:17
well, if you collect the right information where you can get a fairly accurate estimate of how much you're going to save them, and get a sense to that and say, you know, if we get this right, you know, some kind of, you know, if if then too, it's like, if we can get this right, then you agree that this would save you $300,000 a year. Okay. Well, if you get them to assent to that, they've just told you this thing is worth $400,000 to them, or, you know, whatever it is, let's say 3 million is 3 million. You come with a proposal of 200,000 Well, would you pay $200,000 to get three $3 million of benefit.

Matthias Miller  1:00:59
Exactly. So so the question I have is how we're weaken this, I'm weaken it, like who are the people? Like Is that something you and I can work through in a call? Or is there somebody I should be talking to to find like, like, how do you even go about developing those questions to ask and putting those pieces together?

Unknown Speaker  1:01:23
Um,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:26
that's a good question. Um,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:29
let me think about that.

Matthias Miller  1:01:32
Like when Josh long is like to see if

Speaker 2  1:01:35
he possibly Josh is a justice is like a bottleneck guy, for sure. He's like, he's what needs to be cleared out of the way to and he's really good with knowing exactly what systems to go and get to get things done. I know they do a lot of work. He and Robert do a lot of work with sales teams.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:02
But yeah, possibly,

Speaker 2  1:02:05
you know, the person that, like first sprung to mind was Mendoza. Yeah. The whole, you know, discovery getting them tied down to here in his five power quality disqualifiers actually sort of do that, right? If they assent to all those five things, or if they fit all those five things, you know, you can sell to them at a premium and sell to them easier than if they don't have all those five, you know, checked off. So

Matthias Miller  1:02:37
what are the

Unknown Speaker  1:02:38
what's on the screen now? Is the,

Speaker 2  1:02:42
you know, sort of Perry's brainstorming for espresso machine. So these might help as well. I think these are good questions to go through as well. And of course, the first one is the sell results, not procedures. So we just talked about that a lot today,

Matthias Miller  1:02:57
right? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. We have move

Speaker 2  1:03:01
You know, I think that's don't teach them how to fish, bring them the fish. That's also part of that. You know, I think a lot of these are just different ways of rephrasing the same thing, right? Don't just sell them the cup of coffee, but sell them the whole thing. So there's a way to package your solution. As you know, we're, we're going to do everything and here's the benefit you're going to get at the end of the year. At the end of Yeah, let's say at the end of the year, you know, you you you agree that this solution will save you $3 million. If we do it exactly. Right. Okay. Well, we're guaranteeing we're doing exactly right.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:45
I don't know if the other ones are necessarily

Speaker 2  1:03:49
all that. I mean, you're essentially selling a product. Don't know if it's productive to think, you know, sell a product to a service. Is there an entire dimension? I mean, we talked about guaranteed outcome and guaranteed components, removing risks. That's all part of this as well. an entirely different mode of delivery. I mean, that's what we've been talking about for basically the whole hour almost. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. giving them access to I don't know, if there's that, that third to the last one there giving them access to other suppliers, vendors, contractors who it's

Matthias Miller  1:04:32
possible with, we don't really do front end, like public facing web development. But it's possible that it's that and kind of managing, it's possible that we could do that with managing that relationship as well.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:43
Right.

Speaker 2  1:04:47
And yeah, I think expanding the very definition definition of complete solution is, is also what we're doing here,

Matthias Miller  1:04:54
right. So something else that we've talked about is in the end, we're Getting on our time here. But is, is integrating a virtual assistant type service with this where it will, especially when you're working with Amish guys. They're like what we need this part of it is an easy way to downscale, which I don't know, I don't really not super excited about that. But imagine that, that we could sell them a solution and be like, by the way for 20 K a year, we'll provide staffing that you need to or whatever, whatever that right right number is, we'll provide staffing to help you actually make it work for you.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:34
Yeah, that's

Speaker 2  1:05:39
part of that kind of reminds me of a bit a little bit of a I mean, it's not exactly like a tactical triangle takeover. But you're you're expanding into their business to take over more parts of their right Oh, little bit,

Matthias Miller  1:05:56
and you could take it further to like, we'll actually do it answering service for you.

Speaker 2  1:06:03
There's a lot of ways to go, especially in this kind of market where you've got, I mean, I'm sure some of these guys are really savvy. But honestly, it's you're probably in a you know, as Perry would call it a land of the blind, the one eyed man is king, right? Yeah, a little bit. I mean, these guys aren't like, they're not even close to like Silicon Valley entrepreneurs, right. There are small business owners, and they usually know one thing well, and the rest is kind of ad hoc. And, you know, they do the best they can and they don't really know what's good. And yeah, so there's, I'm sure loads of opportunities to consider in the future of Okay, how can we, as Perry would call in tactical triangle takeover. And

Matthias Miller  1:06:52
that's really interesting, because I was on the fence.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:56
I'm

Matthias Miller  1:06:59
like, I'm actually looking to hire a local assistant. And anyway, this is like this is like between I've been working with Vivian and like all this other stuff and like I am in the craziest space right now. Like I don't even have words for it. Like, I've been beating my head against the wall and suddenly this thing's actually taking off and taking me with it. And like we took a guy full time and now I'm looking to hire somebody else at least half time. Maybe more and like, but like this is this could be the perfect time to that. Goodness, I don't even know where to go. This has been fantastic. Super, super helpful. By the way was plugging putting putting a plugin in for you in the forum. So

Speaker 2  1:07:44
Oh, yeah, I saw that. I think Perry. I think Perry sent it to me, you know, it's so everything's all connected, right? So I think that as possible newsletter fodder. So

Matthias Miller  1:07:59
I'll keep trying to get My Wednesday, my planet Perry Hall of Fame in the newsletter. See there's your There's your aspirational

Unknown Speaker  1:08:12
guide.

Speaker 2  1:08:13
Yeah, I think we're, you know, we're we're trying to move the Pyrenees got a new book out with Robert scroll, detox, the clutter dominate thing. And so we're trying on the back of that book. And I think in the middle of it, too, is like seven steps to whatever he calls it entrepreneurial success or something like that. And we're trying to do you're trying to add more of that stuff to the newsletter. The newsletter sometimes gets a bit too up in the clouds with Perry's thoughts, which is awesome, but we're trying to bring it back to more. Okay, these are the seven. These are the seven foundations of this world. And you know, here's an example. Two of them, three of them. So stuff like this is exactly you know, what we're looking for.

Matthias Miller  1:09:01
Yeah, I mean even the even the story of the six figure software project through a discovery con tract is a great this is like, again a dude who I know we've implemented it poorly but just works.

Speaker 2  1:09:15
Absolutely, yeah, I'll do you. You have the book or

Matthias Miller  1:09:20
the appearance. I haven't I don't have it. I pre ordered it. It doesn't come out for another week or so. Oh, yeah, I think

Unknown Speaker  1:09:26
it's out. I think it's on Amazon. So you should be getting it pretty soon.

Matthias Miller  1:09:31
Yeah. I think it's another it's another week or so. But yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:35
Cool. All right, man. Cool. Good stuff. Shit.

Matthias Miller  1:09:39
Okay, man stuff today. Yeah. All right. Thanks. You too. Yep.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai