Unknown Speaker  00:00
Hey everybody, its Melvin Palais

Speaker 1  00:03
in Rocky three, we see Paulie is very angry. And he's angry because Rocky is successful and Rocky is helping his coach Mickey. And Polly gets himself in trouble and gets thrown into jail. And so rocky gets him out of jail bails him out. And in the parking garage, Polly starts to argue with Rocky and starts to throw punches at him. And he's furious because Rocky is not giving him what he thinks he should be getting. And so when Polly calms down and they go back into the coffee's a bit cooled off. Polly says, Rob, can I get a job? and rocky says, you know, of course.

Unknown Speaker  00:49
What did you just ask?

Unknown Speaker  00:52
That day, my friend is a picture

Speaker 1  00:54
of God's children.

Unknown Speaker  00:58
Sometimes we are so frustrated sometimes we are so

Unknown Speaker  01:01
angry, be so upset.

Speaker 1  01:05
And it's all because we don't do a simple, easy thing like asking God for and specific for a specific thing. Ask and not give up. And that is easy. That is simple. But do you know that most people just don't do simple and easy? I believe that life truly is easy. Now, you may not agree with me, but that's okay. You can say to me, Well, I've got so many scriptures to prove otherwise. Well, I've got just as many scriptures to prove that life is easy. Work is easy. Business is easy. Marriage is easy. Everything is easy. Now of course, everything is hard without God. Everything is hard when we look for complicated, complex things, sophisticated things, and overlook that which is simple and easy.

Unknown Speaker  02:14
Now here's the thing.

Speaker 1  02:16
Just because something is easy, doesn't mean that people will do it as a matter of fact, if I think is easy to do, it is just as easy not to do. And the reason why people don't realize that life is easy, is because they don't do easy things.

Unknown Speaker  02:46
Let me explain. As an example,

Speaker 1  02:49
if you have a cup of coffee, and after you drinking your coffee, take the cup and leave it in the sink.

Unknown Speaker  02:57
That is easy.

Speaker 1  02:58
But guess what, if just as easy to open the tap and wash the cup

Unknown Speaker  03:03
and put it away.

Speaker 1  03:04
It's easy to leave a thing in the sink and it's just as easy to wash it. The problem is, people do what they want to do, and they don't do what they don't want to do. And the reason is this, my friend, people don't do easy because they just don't want to do easy.

Unknown Speaker  03:30
Everything is easy.

Unknown Speaker  03:35
When you have God,

Speaker 1  03:39
if your life is abiding in God, if your life is built on prayer, if Jesus is the one that works on your behalf, life is easy. Some time ago, I went to a group into a group of much older men.

Unknown Speaker  04:00
And all these men started

Speaker 1  04:03
they were kind of Christian men were talking about marriage and how hard marriage was. I remember I was there with a friend and much older man about 70 years old, 75 years old. And after the meeting him and I we jumped to the truck is going back and I said to him, it seems to me that those men don't like their wives. Because everyone was talking about how hard it is. Oh, you see, the reason is this because all their lives, they've been taught by their fathers, how hard everything is. Friend, I say again, everything is easy when you have Jesus by your side. Everything is simple and easy. When you know how to pray, prayer makes work light you abide in Jesus, when you live in him, he works on your behalf. You have angels around you that work on your behalf, the angels of God are sent there to minister for you and for me. Now, of course, we know that there is a demonic spirit. There's an evil one outfit, but I don't think the devil has got that much power to mess with us.

Unknown Speaker  05:34
Now listen,

Speaker 1  05:36
life becomes hard. Not because of the devil. life becomes hard because of one particular person. The old man. It's that unconverted man, it's the man that Was there all your life the man that was you before you gave your life to Jesus? You see the old man the flesh, the man that gets angry that men that full of male and female, the man that is filled with ego and pride and arrogance and haughtiness, that man is within you, and he waits for the opportunity to make life hard. And you and I, my friend, we are either led by the Spirit within us, or we are led by the flesh within us. And if you live your life through the flesh, if you live your life, with the words of that old man, the wisdom The old man within you, then life will be very hard. Business will be hard. Marriage will be hard. Everything will be hard because you have the mind of man and not of God. But when you live in life, based on your spirit, listening to the Holy Spirit, being moved by the Spirit of God, and being led by your inner man, the spirit man, then my friend, you move with Kingdom power and Kingdom wisdom. Nothing is hard for the man who has crucified

Unknown Speaker  07:41
his flesh.

Speaker 1  07:43
Things are hard when the flesh is alive

Unknown Speaker  07:47
within us.

Unknown Speaker  07:50
Now I'm not saying that

Speaker 1  07:54
we have overcome the flesh by our own works. We have to crucify the flesh. What is the flesh, the flesh is the soul within us. The mental thought the thinking patterns of the old man, the world, when we will to do the things we will to do, and not to do the things that God wants us to do. It is the soul within us. You can feed your flesh or you can feed your spirit. It's like the old story about the Native American, the Indian man that was sitting at a campfire with his grandson. And they were having a good old chat. And the grandson said, granddad,

Unknown Speaker  08:46
could you please tell me

Speaker 1  08:47
how is it that a man can be so loving and so kind one moment, and yet the very same men can steal a horse to be a criminal

Unknown Speaker  08:56
and do nasty things

Speaker 1  08:59
and the old man photo bharden said Son inside of every man, there are two wild dogs. A good dog and a bad dog. The Good dog, of course, is the Spirit. And the bad dog, of course is the flesh. And he said that these two dogs are constantly fighting each other. One day, the good dog wins. The following day the bad dog wins. And so the battle rages. And the young boy said but granddad, which dog ultimately wins, and the grandfather said, My son, the dog, you feed the most. They feed the fuel. Prayer fuels your life. A life without prayer is a life lived in the flesh and life of constant Prayer, crucify the flesh, fasting and praying ensures that the flesh that the soul remains

Unknown Speaker  10:09
crucified

Speaker 1  10:10
and dead, then you live your life based on the Spirit of God, the Holy Spirit of God moving upon your spirit. That my friend is how you get victory and how you live a life that is easy, light and exempt. Jesus turned up after the resurrection. And the disciples were there. And he spoke to them and he blew upon them the Holy Spirit. They received the Holy Spirit. Jesus went away. What do you think the disciples were doing? Jesus given said to them this powerful thing Hey, whoever you when you forgive somebody sin they'll be forgiven when you if you don't forgive their sin, they won't be figured forgiven. What a powerful thing and he goes away for a short time. What did the disciples do? They do the things that we all would do. They went back to work. They went back to hard work. Peter said to the disciples at night, hey, I'm going fishing. And then some of them said, Look, we'll go with you. And they fished that night.

Unknown Speaker  11:20
And they caught nothing.

Speaker 1  11:23
In the morning, Jesus turns up, he has lights of fire, throw some fish in the fire. He goes out to the disciples, listen to these words, from john 21. verses six and seven. Jesus said, Jesus called out to them friends, haven't you any fish? And they said, No. He said to them, throw your net on the other side of the boat, and you will find some. When they did this, they were unable to hold the net end because of the large number of fish. Then the disciple whom Jesus loves it too PETA, it is the Lord. And as soon as Simon Speedo saw that he put his clothes on and chased went after Jesus. It is as simple as that. What is it? Jesus gave a command they were working the whole night long. They were working in the flesh. They had went back to their old The old man, after three and a half years of walking with Jesus.

Unknown Speaker  12:25
Finally,

Speaker 1  12:26
when Jesus was crucified now they said, Oh my gosh, God is gone. Our Rabbi is gone. Our hero is gone. Let us now go and do the things we've always done in the past.

Unknown Speaker  12:36
Work hard.

Speaker 1  12:38
Let's go and make something of our lives. Let us go and fish if we don't fish we won't eat. All along for three and a half years. Jesus said, you've been with me this long. Have you ever lacked anything? The disciples let nothing when Jesus was there with them physically. Now the moment he was crucified, even though he came back and showed himself they were as human as you and I going back to the flesh, going back to the old ways of the old man, don't you and I do that so often don't we always go back to Egypt when things get hard? When we start to do think silly things, we start to sin we start to do these things. All of a sudden we start to spiral

Speaker 1  13:28
from a life of the spirit from a life walking with Jesus. All of a sudden, when God does an answer when we feel disappointment, discouragement, disillusion men fitting in, instead of pressing into the spirit, instead of pursuing Jesus, instead of holding on to the promises. We

Unknown Speaker  13:51
go back to the flesh,

Speaker 1  13:54
we go back into that old man and the old ways Going back to Egypt's every single time, things get tough. No, we have to be people that press into with the spirit. Therefore they did. The apostle Paul rebuked the people he said to them, You have started in the spirit. Why now? Do you go back to the flesh? My friend, the devil is not the biggest enemy on this earth. The devil has got a lot of power, but the biggest enemy you will ever face is the old man. I know the biggest enemy I'd ever face is the old Melvin. And so we need to be aware that that man needs to be crucified in us.

Unknown Speaker  14:46
It is as simple as this.

Speaker 1  14:50
Marry the mother of Jesus at the first miracle remember, they ran out of wine and she said Jesus, they've got no one says woman, what does that have to do with me? And then she tells to the servants, do whatever he tells you to do. And so, it is with you and I, it is as simple as that. Just do what God tells you to do, and you will always be successful. The disciples are professional fishermen, they relied on their own strength. They knew the water, they knew the tide. They knew the best fishing spots, but they caught nothing that whole night. Have you ever been like that? working working so hard, struggling, struggling so much,

Unknown Speaker  15:42
yet catching nothing

Speaker 1  15:46
is because we are working from the flesh. And there comes Jesus calls out to us and says, just just throw your net on the other side, and it's done. And all of us Sudden the greatest breakthrough shall happen, you will get your breakthrough The moment you hear the voice of God, and the moment you live in the spirit, all of a sudden you catch so much of fish. You can't even bring this thing in. Therefore Jesus rebuked Peter, Katie, behind me, Satan, you have in you the mind of man, and not of God. What is was What was he saying? Your wisdom is demonic. Your wisdom is of the flesh of man and not of God. Peter was trying to minister to Jesus through the flesh. And Jesus saw it immediately and said, Kennaway Satan, you will not minister to me with your wisdom. So my friend it is as easy as that. The disciples merely took the net from one side of the boat and throw it onto the other side in faith. Listening to Jesus and as easy as that they caught the largest amount of fish a miraculous catch. Life is easy. Marriage is easy. Business is easy. If you allow Jesus to be your everything. If your life is a life of prayer, if you are living in him, if you do everything by prayer alone, then you will live a life that is easy, light and exempt. Now, in this world, you will have trouble there will be persecution, they will be stuff like that. But that is not how I believe God wants us to live. God has got another way for us.

Unknown Speaker  17:53
I believe it's

Speaker 1  17:54
easy like an exam. Therefore Jesus said, Come to me all you who are heavy leg who labor and are burdened, I will give you rest. Take of me my burden day and my yoke they are easy and light, easy, light and exempt. May you be exempt from hard work from the curse of it. And may you just live your life by simply following Jesus. The most successful men and women on Earth, as we look through history are those who listen to God they are the giants. Look at the lives of all of them. George Mueller, Jonathan Wesley,

Unknown Speaker  18:41
you name them.

Speaker 1  18:44
They all heard God and simply followed him in the name of Jesus. Hey, my friend, this is your friend Melvin Pauline couraging you to live in life by obeying God. In the name of Jesus, a man


Transcribed by https://otter.ai