Matthias Miller  00:06
Alright, so I went, this is going to be probably more of a storytelling in conversation. And this is going to be pretty organic. If you're looking for slides and PowerPoints. Pretty sure you're not looking for that, but you're not getting that. But based on just based on your conversation, Nevin mentioned, you're interested in healthy church culture, and what does it look like to develop people? And so that's the area of conversation with this.

Matthias Miller  00:46
So, three years ago, I underwent a fairly strong identity shift of who am I. Because up until that point, I was pretty sure that I was called to be within ministry within the four walls of the church. And like, suddenly, there's like this, like, there's the pragmatic realities of life of of that coming to a close and then there's this, this, you know, it was almost like full steam ahead, like I'm, I'm pursuing this and wrapping my arms around it. And then it's like, on the heels of that there's kind of this question, Who am I? And it was, so So

Matthias Miller  01:48
progress always gives us context. So now understanding what I know, there's, there's so much in the tapestry of what God has done in my life through through the last For the last number of years that I'm starting to understand the redemptive purpose in that. But this, this, so one of the things that has started to happen well, okay, so without really, I think almost more like this is one of those things of almost getting tricked into it by God. I think it's just one of those things. Ice I started getting very intentional mentorship over the last number of years. And it wasn't something that I knew that I actually needed. And one of the things that I've come to find is that most of disciples, when we look at the life of Jesus in discipleship, it was there's so Much of him walking through daily life with his disciples, and then there's this situation. And now let me teach you about the situation. And I've realized how much of an artificial how much artificial this isn't a word artificiality. I've put around discipleship. Like, like, I haven't like this this this is like makes it sound like I'm down. I'm not down on like sermons and things like that, but even in that it can be. It can be so disconnected and there's something that happens when here is this person who is struggling with a situation in their job, and there's some really negative things that are going on. And in the midst of their crisis, they're having trouble hearing like, what is the like, where's God leading me? Like, what is he saying like, where's what's going on? And somebody can walk alongside them, step into the middle of their situation and walk with them through that situation and what I would and that's what I did realize that I was missing through mentorship because suddenly I had these real life situations that I was dealing with. It was real life in business, some really challenging times, some personal situations, some family situations. church community like, like being able to actually take these specific sections And it's actually in that process. In that process, I learned more about what it means to walk in the spirit than through any kind of book I've read or any kind of like, because that's discipleship. What I've learned through that process is that There's this intersection between how God wires up. Like there's this. There's this intership intersection between how God wires us and how he leads us. And there are times when when our own proclivities are personality takes us directly away from where God's leading us and it's just like but there's other times where what he actually wants to do is he wants to take how He's created us He's given us our DNA for a very specific purpose like there wasn't the was no mistake he had our purpose in mind he gave us our DNA and and what he's intent on doing is bringing these things together so that so that he and us together walking through life can live out Christ to the world and there's some things Special about each of our personalities that he's like he's given us these things for the places where he's put us that has given me a freedom to pursue. So, one of the things about me is that I can become very philosophical and I have a wide variety of Well, I see a wide variety of

Matthias Miller  06:11
probably well, I have a strong interest in in creative ventures and like I will go down these various trails and something will catch my interest and I'll just like I'll just go there. And I used to put on the brakes and say no, I can't do that because like that's not practical and I need to go do the things that I should be doing and all of these things, which is true. But it's also true that that is part of who God has created me to be, and allowing myself to do that. So as I've done that, I've found that I'll have these really bizarre interests. And I will go down that route and not know why I'm there and sometimes it's not immediately clear But on the heels of that, there, God brings me into situations where that's there's something from that that's connected to what I'm going through. Or there will be conversations that I have with people that I don't know like, you start seeing how intricately God is interacting in our world. So, in December, we decided to drive to Indiana for Christmas. And so let's go pack a whole bunch of kids in the band and let's go drive and the way we cope with this is we're getting up at midnight or one o'clock I don't remember what it was one o'clock and we're piling everybody in the van and we're hitting the road and y'all better either sleep or be quiet because that's how we're gonna roll and on the on the way there, I pulled up this podcast on the rise and fall of Mars Hill, which was a podcast done by Christianity Today on a very aggressive pastor as part of a church and it was just like this is Crazy Like, I was kind of mind blown listening to this. So I go I strike I start listening this and just like, like, how could that even be? And on the heels of that I come across another podcast on the Dave Ramsey organization. And this is like not whatever like, this is just it is what it is somebody's telling their story about what their experience was like from within the Ramsey organization and some really negative things coming from an organization that presented itself as a strong Christian evangelical organization. So I was like, that's interesting. And I kind of kept running i i bought two Kindle books on vacation. I read A book on when narcissism comes to church and on something's not right by Wade Mullen and by Wade Mullen.

Matthias Miller  09:13
And I started recognizing that I actually had to be careful when I was reading these books because it pulled something apart in me that was quite raw

Matthias Miller  09:29
and And so and so in this journey continued I came home what's what some of the books I read in January one was like literally on predators like predatory people There was literally like there was a chapter there that I completely skipped just because I knew I could not stomach it there was another one that I read on cult behavior and mind control and it was just it was really hard to read and I'm not some of those books that probably recommend and some of them I'm just like if you're supposed to read them go read them But I'm not just making a blanket blanket recommend recommendation. If I had to summarize all of those things, the core of the of the abuse, of misuse of power comes down to this thing of dual identities. So

Matthias Miller  10:36
One of the challenges that I faced was was that I never learned to recognize the Incans I was always so trusting in the People in my environment that I never paid attention to the inconsistencies in communication I'm just gonna give this as an example this is a very neutral example so here's the challenge when you're dealing with church when you're dealing with church you're dealing with And you're dealing with spiritual matters, and you're dealing with matters of very deep rooted identity to people. And it can be very easy to assume a power position with God, because in a lot of ways you literally are representing God to people and even Looking back in my immaturity, I see places where I've done that. And I regret honestly like some of the ways that it wasn't intentional but using God as a platform like a backing platform. So now I have a little extra power and it was all very sincere but misguided. So example from this week I'm working with a client. There's a particular team that is feeling very underserved and one of the members of the team, were scheduling a meeting, one of the members of the team wants to reach out and talk about the subtext of the meeting. I'm not really sure this is necessary, but sure, I'll entertain the conversation. So we start talking and halfway through the conversation, he says, Well, I want you to know that we're all bought in. Well, actually, let me back up. He starts talking About his perspective and essentially what he's saying is this approach that we're taking is not going to work and I'm like okay like fair completely have no problem you thinking that they sit but I want you to know that were bought in I'm like, and that's where in the past I would have just set that aside. But for whatever reason, I don't know this is like this is like, like, that was so clear to me in the moment I said no, you're not bought in. Like you can't be bought into something that you don't believe is gonna work. So you're not bought in and he he kind of like it wasn't I don't think he was expecting me to push back on him. It was like yeah, you're right. I'm not bought in. But this is what the powers that be say this is how we're going to do it and like Okay, so So here is the case if you want a dual identity, here's my true self. You know, from his perspective, my true self is this is not going to work. But I want myself to be bought in because, well I need to be bought in because that's what I need to be in this situation or it's not gonna end well for me. And so here's the identity that you present of this person. And who has bought in and yet really I'm not bought into this and I don't even know you know when people do this it's some people I believe very intentionally do this because they liked What they can gain from it but I think there's a lot of people who do it just because I don't know they don't even they're not even aware that they're doing it and then at the end of the call very interesting made a very interesting comment he said well the reason that The reason for this call was because my boss you know this has been ignored for so long and I'm afraid my boss is very easy even keel but there's some stuff that might come out in the meeting that's you know like scary and I don't know what challenging like okay like I've had challenging meetings before And then, you know, what do you do with that? Was it so in the past, he I would have completely like, pass it off like, okay, cool. I don't know what he was doing. I do No that deflection is one of the things that people do to get the attention off of themselves and onto somebody else to that they're not the problem and so my point in that is that learning the behaviors of people who misuse power For people who manipulate for people who is really has been really helpful and productive for me

Matthias Miller  15:16
so I don't even know what To go into it like that's like the journey here that seems like kind of a weird thing to maybe talk about in terms of healthy culture

Matthias Miller  15:34
You know one of the things you know so I'm just gonna throw out some examples of things that I've seen but one of the things that I've seen is an over optimistic culture so So there are times when things are when you ask sorry let's take a take a step back We've all seen this we've all done this happens way too easily and it's there's not I don't see any brilliantly good solution but the whole thing of how are you is an invitation to dual identity like I am the kind of person who loves people and is friendly and happy and people want to be around me and then sometimes if we're honest there Like I am really frustrated or I'm really hurt or I'm really stressed or I'm just tired and I don't want to talk to anybody but I can't be the kind of person who's like that

Matthias Miller  16:40
Can you give me a report on how x y&z is going sure I can like here's the good thing here's the good thing here's the good thing here's the good Because I know that what's valued in the report is the good things because that's what's rewarded and so even though what's actually going on is not good it's really kind of we have Some problems that we're not able to address again here's the real me what's actually going on here's the identity that I'm assuming for the sake of meeting the expectations

Matthias Miller  17:27
There are so then here's the thing that starts happening to people if If you're in a situation where what's actually going on inside of you is not welcomed or valued then You come to this place where you start ignoring red flags like you're forced to you're forced to push past red flags in order to be who you need to be in these settings and that comes at a really high price

Matthias Miller  18:10
A lot of what I've been unlearning in the last couple of years has been to stop ignoring red flags Would You Do you want to XY or Z and if I'm uncomfortable with it if you know everything inside of me is programmed that if I don't feel like it if I'm uncomfortable with it if there's some Write about it do it anyway because that's what Jesus would do and instead it's like I have a red flag here I don't know what it is I don't know why I'm uncomfortable I don't know if I'm just being a brat I don't know I don't have to have a reason for it but here it is and I'm not going to ignore it so I'm going to ask questions I'm going to engage I'm going to pray about it I might even wind to God about it I might Unfortunately wanting to Benita or other people close to me about it hopefully whatever like There you go like I might do this but I'm not going to go past the red flag because that red flag Is there for a reason and building part of the building a healthy culture where we actually allow people to be who they actually are is a refusal to push past the red flag and to engage with red flags what does the aging look like it's asking questions it's it's being inquisitive it's sometimes just like It said it's it's like I think there's a lot of different a different options with that and then What happens along there's kind of this thing that happens along with that that when you ignore red flags You end up with so we're a body and yet we're individuals both at the same time and when I ignore red flags because you don't have a red flag don't have a red flag and and there comes this place where I no longer understand where I start and stop and I don't know where you start and stop

Matthias Miller  20:26
I don't fully know how to explain this I do know that okay and then in all of this I think that there are aspects of our culture that lend us And I also know that family upbringing like beyond a shadow of a doubt like if y'all would sit down with my family and hang out with them for a long time be like that's actually not that surprising that you guys that you're at you're like that but within within my family context and even within my culture, there wasn't this clear definition of here's where I stop and here's where you start. There was this, there was this expectation to anticipate the needs of others without it being communicated of my needs being met without them being communicated of like I don't know. And then as a result of that, and so you're constantly I guess here's another way to say when you're not, when you're not in a place where we're what's actually going On is safe to be expressed then you adapt yourself to whatever is going on so here's here's an example i i see this more as my ability to adapt than anything else I had That's when when I was in the first second and third grade my teacher would give these little character awards and they wait until the end of the year and then she'd be like this character word everybody would get one this character award goes to Kendrick for being neat and tidy and this goes to Nancy for being most He was the neat and tidy one, let's be honest. And like so guess which one I got two out of the three years. I got and the character word for sensitivity goes to Matthias and and you know, there was this little bit of like, Yeah, that's actually me and then there's the part of me that's like, you know, especially in later years kind of like, is that actually a good thing? Like what do we do with that? So life goes on and like, you know, I'm floating in the sea trying to figure out who I am and you know what's what's, which end is up and I come out to New Horizons and we take the DISC profile. And the DISC profile is if you're not familiar with it, it's like two sides one is like task orient and the other is like people ranted and then there's like the high energy and there's like the lower energy so like you have like the the Go get them done at any price we're gonna have this done like yesterday and like let's make it happen and then you have the people who are like with their little pencils and you know to make sure the numbers all that up and everything's correct and all these other And then you have the people side which is like you know all the people who are throwing a party having fun and life is about fine and have a million friends and they're the extrovert and then you have the people in that lower energy side which is like the one on one and like the relation like the, like, empathy and relationship and all of that stuff. And so, I have an actual copy of a DISC profile and it says my natural profile Is hi i secondary D like I am this massive extrovert and secondarily a high energy task oriented person that was my that's what it reported as my natural style. That said, but you're you've adapted and you're adapted style is a high D secondary I also both high but like the DS higher than the you're more task oriented than your people oriented Glad I got that identify, burned out of New Horizons didn't know what was happening. I just knew I was done I quit I like went through fairly challenges just more of the story which whatever through very challenging couple of years any guesses where my personality profile comes out these days? Maybe The second and third grader was actually like pretty close to who I was. So, like, I am actually a high s, like lower energy, high empathy, like and not a doer, but strategic thinker and I like to Have other people do things but hate working myself like, I can have a conversation with Ireland like forever so that's the That's how much I was able to adapt. And that's how far from true north that I actually was.

Matthias Miller  25:10
yikes and and I had to go through even even for myself was just like more like personal journey I don't even know what you know, I don't know if this matters or not but like it's like I had to go through this thing of like there were conversations about whether SS were actually useful or not By the D's in the eyes and, and and then you have the DS and the eyes running over the SS and the S is not standing up for themselves. And then it's kind of like I'm even too wounded to stand up for myself and then over The past number of years it's like but I'm not going to ignore this red flag. And I will ask you uncomfortable questions. Because I'm an S for a reason. And you need me and you might not like me, and I might not always like you, but we're here.

Matthias Miller  26:17
I don't know what are your thoughts your questions is making sense.

Speaker 1  26:24
How do you know that that's where you end up then like, how do you how do you actually ask yourself the honest questions of who you are at the end of have all this training and adaption and you know, it gets confusing sometimes. And then part of the hard part of that is some of the times when you're struggling through that the very most is when you're choosing a spouse and you're presenting yourself in a totally different way to Yeah, trying to reveal anything. But you know, you Look around and once you want to be or you shouldn't be trying to come like that. Yeah. And, and and you want self help, like we're we're learning we're learning how to do things better like how do you tell the difference between learning to do something better and expanding your realm of knowledge and how you can serve other people even more if you want to spiritualize it or talk about developing desiring something. So there is a push to some people and yet we should there's a push to expand your I don't know Your natural inclinations maybe? So it can get confusing, especially when you're asking those questions. I mean, for me, it was over the time that I was going to Bible school and and trying to make that I don't know that I stopped asking the question, but I know that's when it really started hitting

Matthias Miller  28:24
me I think this goes a little bit back to the thing of discipleship is that. So there's two two issues. One is I think that our Anabaptist culture inherently favors dual identities and people not presenting themselves as themselves. Partially because we place really high expectations on on people, and we we bestow value on them based on how well they do or do not meet that. So That's my personal opinion I'm more than happy to be argued with on that. For me the the so it stands to reason then that if if you're searching for who, like who am I in amidst this, what's the action? Like? I mean, there's multiple layers to your question, but who am I really? It stands to reason then that it's going to be either somebody within that group that stands apart from the common groupthink, or it's somebody from the outside who doesn't, who doesn't have anything to lose or that you with whom you don't have anything to lose or gain? And they're able to first of all, they're living in a way that that they understand who they are and who they're not. And they're living in that, that kind of way. So they have that kind of authority in their life. And then second of all, there's not this. You have you have no social status to gain or lose based on what they how you appear to them to also to your point this is this is getting a little this is just like this is my opinion To tie everything together from this deep dive again you've probably noticed I care a lot about the side the aspect of humanity what makes us human and what makes people tick like I wouldn't be a software developer I might be a psychologist and My wife is grateful that I'm a software developer not a psychologist because fewer ramen noodles I guess but like like there is At the core AI okay so so most of us if you think of people as an iceberg most people think look at the tip of the iceberg and the tip of the iceberg I believe is a cognitive skill what you know cognitive skill or brain what we know or knowledge learning education like that's the focus of our development and when we're hiring in the hiring context we look for what experience do they have and what knowledge Do they have what education do they have that's the tip of the spear but if you actually want to go back below that there's this fascinating field of study called the carnation which is has to do with the will and it appears that people have a specific pattern for taking action when you want to do something there's a certain way that each person goes about doing it and this this is like so so it It has to do with how you deal with information how you deal with organization how you deal with risk and uncertainty and how you deal with tangibles and intangibles so some people some people are yes and no people and some People are shades of grey and a million details there are people who are jumped from thing to thing and two big categories and there are people who have who create file folders that are color coded and specifically in alphabetical order without being trained do that like that's just what they do you've got people who fix problems by making sure no problems ever happen and there are people who have ideas and jump into the ideas before anything else even happens like and then you have people who build things and you have people who think about things and there's a whole spectrum between so seems to be that's pretty stable. It's actually not correlated with personality. So it's just it's part of you. But there's there have been no no tests that have correlated it with personality. Then there's the there's the so that's almost like the well, but then there's the next layer which is personality and interests in motivation we all have things and this is like it's a little unclear how this is formed but there are things that we're drawn to there are things that we have interests we have like some people like to hunt because that's interesting to them and some people like cars because that's interesting to them Some people like exactly exactly

Matthias Miller  33:14
and I look at that as so that's a fuel that drives us to do something we engage with it in a particular way and then we exercise our knowledge to actually execute that but what's the layer that's deep down underneath that I think it's the spiritual like the spiritual is like it is like the last layer that we unravel it is not isolated from the others but it is foundational and so When one of the things that I discovered through this process is that I always knew I've I've for as long as I can remember can remember can remember being taught the importance of like daily Emotions and like being in the word and that but from a very pragmatic practical standpoint literally like my motivation is determined by is has a huge degree of in Once by how connected I am to the Holy Spirit am I waking up with him on his agenda or if I'm not do I move to that if I'm disturbed from that if there's something that has robbed my peace Do I pursue whatever it takes to find that peace? And what I started noticing is that underneath all of these layers of who I was as a human, this this this spirit, like, of Christ inside of me, is the giant lever that turns every thing else, like it's the giant. I don't know what it's like the it's the small hinge that it's not the small hinge but it's the small hinge that that moves big doors. So, to your point, if you look at that whole thing of what makes us as people, there are parts of that that I think are hugely malleable, changeable, I think cognition like what we know, is a very good example of that. And then science has shown us that and then there's other things of that that I don't know maybe it is actually possible for us to to to deviate and move from but I do I still maintain that the But self help what? The biggest challenge with personal development self help is that when it's not directed by who God has called you and created to be you leave the Creator out of the out of the equation. And not intentionally but you do make a God into yourself to craft yourself into the kind of person that you want to become instead of allowing him to speak to this as the person you are. Do I was telling Ireland a little bit ago like there's this change happening and in the in my work context and the market just where I am like, I'm moving towards becoming a systems and process guy. And there's part of me that just that is so cold and so ruthless and so like Karsh and like non empathetic and like why? Why? Why? Like, can I not be something that I would like better and yet I have reason to believe that God is in this and that he's not in the process. It's not. I don't feel like he's violating who he's created me to be in that process. But I have my ideas about who I should be, and allowing Him to guide and dream back then and say no like in this it might just be a season in which I'm known as that. Or maybe I'm not even known as maybe this is just for my own benefit, I don't know like, but for a season this is this is an aspect of you that's being expressed in and he's got permission to to pull out and pull out other other facets.

Matthias Miller  37:09
One of the biggest counters, one of the biggest, proactive counters towards this, I believe personally is fully and wholeheartedly embracing our humanity. Simple example

Matthias Miller  37:34
we know that We should all be people who are above getting angry at people who add our spouses that are kids that are people in church Crazy people and the shift for me was to realize that it's actually that me saying that it's not okay for me to be angry is a denial of my humanity now what I do with that is a completely different story And what I've discovered is believe it or not God actually has extremely broad shoulders and that in frustration in anger and hurt an outrage and all of these things that he's he is not just content but he's actually pleased to take our punches and that the punches themselves are actually a prayer and that he himself will respond to those as if they were prayers because they are

Matthias Miller  38:46
Like we look at David in the Psalms and he's he's he's railing against God and we think that it's a prayer because it's in the Bible but it's a prayer because God

Matthias Miller  39:04
I don't know it's not the language with which we know recently formed prayer but God responds to that there's this widow that was obnoxious and annoying and would not let him go and and the the unjust judge recently bonded accordingly and so learning and all of this stuff to actually embrace so that's one aspect of embracing humanity embracing my limit Asians and this is very practical benefits for myself which is just this is how it plays out for me being very deliberate in setting boundaries around my sleep and the exertion of energy and I am human and I am allowed As a human to require a certain amount of sleep and it's not that I won't cup you know whatever like it's not that I get crazy about it but giving my myself permission to need sleep giving myself permission if I need if my fuel is so if your fuel is people and you've had too much isolation you have permission to understand your human boundary on isolation and go seek out relief Friendship and friendships and like go do that that is it that is embracing your humanity you have a you have a human limitation that God did not create you for isolation and on the on the flip side if you thrive on isolation you have permission to embrace As a boundary around how much time you spend around people there is a limit to that God like and it's okay in your humanity Jesus himself if Jesus himself had permission to run away from the crowds and not be around them and want to get away from his disciples we also have that permission as well I think it's an example that you don't have to disregard your humanity to embrace the call of God and so just becoming incredibly okay with saying like

Matthias Miller  41:11
this like this much And then all the more so when you're in leadership and you're the go to for everything and you're the answer and like you're not, you're still not you never worry you never will be. You're amazing and wonderful people and go good through stuff that most people don't we'll never get or understand but you have permission to be human as well and to have have limits and it's okay to live live within those limits

Unknown Speaker  41:57
Oh goodness

Matthias Miller  41:59
I don't know any any thoughts or questions or

Unknown Speaker  42:02
get started on the weekend

Matthias Miller  42:04
yeah like you got through page one

Unknown Speaker  42:11
just keep rolling say that people can have discussion.

Unknown Speaker  42:22
So I definitely like American culture kind of giving a lot of myself that desire to please people and program deserve to lay our lives I mean so I guess what he would do it that portion of who I am now yeah. What's a healthy, healthy way to lay down your life or healthy way to do not take yourself to

Unknown Speaker  43:21
This sounds so

Matthias Miller  43:23
simple to the point of being simplistic. I don't mean it like this, but it's a surrender of allowing other people to carve and chisel your life and allowing God to its way to carve and chisel your life and allowing God to be the one who does that because God will call call like he has will continue to keeps calling me into situations where I really do not want to be there like just get me out. And but I know that it's his. I know that he's in it. And like going back like there's the humanity Look I'm okay he's okay me telling him that I don't want to be here and I have no problem embracing that and just being honest with him about it but I also know that he's called me there and that's laying down my life I'm not laying it down for the sake of other people I'm laying it down for the sake of him because there are here's I explained this to somebody recently that

Matthias Miller  44:38
when you have it when you have an environment like that whatever environment you're in like let's try to find something really practical let's say that you let's say that you you're in a work environment and you're with a whole bunch of people who like to swing that swing hammers and do that stuff work with their hands and there's nobody there to to crunch the numbers and figure out exactly what's going on if you're a crunch number First person and you walk into that situation are you going to feel uncomfortable most likely are you going to be a little weird yes might even be a little unwelcome yes like so just because of it In an environment needs you does not mean that they will welcome you or that you'll like it right and so so it stands to reason again God recognizes how much we can take like is erlin going to go off the rails putting him into this situation Am I going to bend them so far he's gonna break like he knows where your breaking point is and he won't take you past that but he will say that Ireland needs something needs like this environment needs something that Ireland has and by very different addition if he's going to follow my calling he's going to be uncomfortable and not going to like it and the converse is true is that there is something that Arland needs right now and his world is so normal without it but I need to introduce it into his world I'm going to send somebody into his life really is kind of obnoxious and uncomfortable and he's going to sort through that and he's going to extract from that what he needs that he's currently missing So it makes sense I think I think part of this too is and this goes back to this is jumping maybe even ahead to like the process of developing people is when you part of the challenge that we face is when we're in the city Like how do you step back and actually understand the purpose of what God is doing because without purpose it's meaningless but he's in these situations he's developing us he's growing us he's teaching us he's training forming us and not only that he's an extremely resourceful God which means that nothing is wasted in even the seeds that you that that you plant in somebody else's life that do not appear to bear fruit not even that is wasted So you might never trust that they do anything with it but you can trust that God does something with it and that God's gonna make sure that he's gonna get his reward

Speaker 1  47:30
practical said we just the church of Palm Beach John Dewey the deacon whatever Arlen and Merle and I were put into leadership the church called us to this position Like how and there's varying degrees of how much you allow like to like we we ask for direction through the people of God and so

Unknown Speaker  48:03
it's kind of a Attention between what you're saying and and where we often find ourselves especially in our church studies as to how We're expecting God to speak through his people but whenever people try to form us under what needs that they need

Matthias Miller  48:38
We have problems so here's here's what happens if you break it down logically so Jesus said My sheep hear my voice so we know that everybody hears His sheep HEAR His sheep here and the question is basically are you willing to walk as a sheep and Next step because somebody sets foot in the building or puts their membership somewhere does that mean that they're walking as a sheep and that they're here Eating the voice of the shepherd so And herein is where it gets tricky and distorted and things get messy and people abuse it But the truth is that not everybody is equally submitted to Christ and to what he's calling them to you and which means that if you take a democratic poll it means that the results by definition will not mean Jesus told us not don't don't worry about like don't destroy the wheat by trying to pull up the tear like don't do that like that's not We're supposed to do so keep it but there still has to be this if you don't have accountability at the same time Whereas brothers and sisters like this is what I'm sensing this is what I'm sensing that's not the same thing Again we have to engage work through it where's the red flags what's going on how do we process this and collectively God God starts to unfold The picture so there has to be accountability because otherwise you have this this guy at the top who hears from God and there's nobody there to question him And it's this it's a recipe for disaster because even if he doesn't intend to so This is okay so I'm gonna take a little bit of a rabbit trail into another aspect but we don't think of ourselves as having a celebrity culture within our environment I don't think that's usually just the Evangelicals quick story we had Sunday school time at church one time recently in the last several months and like I was like literally processing all this stuff and people were like hey who needs prayer I'm like I do like I'm processing some stuff I'm not prepared to talk about it but I need prayer so but two people huddled around me and one of them says you know like like Matthias is like the last person who would actually need prayer like like we should be praying for Like I guess it's just because he asked for it and like what does he need prayer almost like what does he need prayer so that is is an illustration like that's a line of thinking that will actually Absolutely destroyed leadership because you've just said that here are the blessed in the know it and by the way I would I would all right snarky comment but like if that's how they feel about it then they can have my life and walk in my shoes like Merry Christmas enjoy like they might change their mind like but and we are like so so like you have this celebrity culture where it's like You don't need prayer like you're you're speaking for God you're above and as leadership you guys kind of have to counter that It's hard to in a way that doesn't just yeah I don't know

Matthias Miller  52:19
Like like continuing to serve continuing to be Trouble continuing to engage with conflict and differences like that's I think the thing that just staying humble is the thing that counters that

Matthias Miller  52:42
So to that point so the point of all of that is that This whole thing of like understanding that it is the responsibility of the leadership team to lead and to pray and seek God's face And where does he have us and it's I don't think there's anything wrong and inviting feedback from from like but like there's this tension because you don't want to you don't want to exploit power but you also don't but you also have responsibility at the same time kind of feel like a like it's more like the tension you feel is real like It's more that than here's a great answer for it

Matthias Miller  53:46
Sometime in follow up we're not going to do tonight you guys want to go deep into what are behaviors and patterns of people who manipulate and that's we can go into that some other time I want to do that We are probably already way past where it was going to go I'm just going to do very briefly on the development of people I think there's so you know we talked about their true identity One of the things one of the biggest shifts was understanding that first of all understanding just how precious people actually are even the people who don't have a lot of preciousness about them it's really hard to see That's number one number two the big paradigm shift for me was understanding that we can visually identify physical growth and development but we cannot visually identify all that well emotional much less spiritual development and so you have people so just dropping the assumption that because a person is x and exposit Like they've made a certain amount of money they have a certain type of family family looks a certain way they're they have this kind of a history they don't have this kind of a History X Y or Z See completely separating that from their spiritual maturity they they may be in relational preschool and and literally Have like just not have learned how to relate with people and you have to you when you're engaging with children you always have to engage with them with where they're at and having the willingness to to engage with people there so no Knowing where they're at but then also understanding the timing of their growth so you do not teach well or Western likes to put very clear specific milestones and the development of children but even that aside we do have some ideas of when do kids normally start walking and when do they start talking and like they Timing for so when you have somebody who is grown and is emotionally or spiritually developmentally delayed for whatever reason they didn't have for whatever reason there is a timing to that At an understanding like we are we are mediators and we are translators and we translate truth to truth and from person to person. So here's what I mean. You have somebody who is in Barossa VLC is example somebody was telling me the story about when their kids come to visit and their daughter marry this rich kid and they're both young They make sometimes kind of snide comments about how poor their parents are and strikes one personality type one way another person Type a different way and then there are these people who are young and underdeveloped and don't understand the impact of their words and other people and so you have to so as we relate with people There are times when we take an idea or a concept or a truth and we have to translate it into a language that they can understand because that's what Jesus Jesus was a translator he was God incarnate come to flesh showing us God himself translating God in a way that we could see understand the parables or translations of eternal truths into like hard tangible physical things and so we do that same thing with people here's the internal truth that you can understand and not just that I understand that right now where you're at you're young you have like like yeah probably a great example of this actually there were people in my life who saw some raw passion and a whole bunch of immaturity and we're willing to engage with that and give little nuggets that I was able to receive and comprehend and if they had told me and there were some people who tried to communicate More than what I was actually capable of of like grasping and it was overwhelming for me like I wasn't in a place to actually understand the full impact of who I was and how it was impacting other people I had to be grown to that point to be able to understand that so there's a critical patients that happens in the development of people so as a high ask jumping back high as engaging with Heidi's

Matthias Miller  58:51
learning to Take these at a situation by situation basis so here is here's this instance where we move to head with it let's say move to head with a decision and we didn't consider these people or these possibilities and conditions so let's talk about this situation and you have a situation that you can actually engage with and or Round and talk about how to improve that and and two things one is it takes the focus off of them To like let's deal with something actually tangible real actual situation and and also allows these things to have happen incrementally like one situation at a time it's not like we're trying to change things radically or that it We're even trying to rewire who they are we're only we're only engaging to we're helping them to and mature their gifts and who they are and vice versa to us so that when we are in situations where we don't like that I don't know I don't I don't even know if that's completely making sense but so in the content they'll have all of that real life situations engaging with people the foundation of this is continuing to walk in step with this Spirit and staying connected with him in what he's doing and what we what we find them so so what I found is that most It's very easy to look for the radical dramatic God moments of like wow God really did something and it's actually it It's actually when you fall in love with the process of literally walking with Christ every single day seeking to hear his voice walking with Him there is no God enters into the mundane and there's so many times where there's so many things that I've seen God do that It's I've seen him do it in other people's lives to do in my life for me On Me doors that that just simply happened because of this willingness to fall in love with the day to day Life of walking like walking walking it out walking with people I think the biggest shift of what has happened My family has not been through some kind of lecture but seeing the The more that I've allowed this to grip my life I've watched it affect But he does life I've watched it affect our kids lives and we're like still real people and still real family like just like we're huge like here's our humanity and yet allowing God to I step into the midst of that and continue bringing deeper deeper peace and deeper healing into our lives so then wrapping this whole thing up the unexpected thing that has happened on the heels Have going deep like honestly like I don't know it just digging deep into the trauma of sometimes just straight up cultural Like how cultural shift things have shaped myself personally in the past two months there have been very practical pragmatic benefits in the work in the workplace like their doors that have opened that don't even really make sense There are I don't even know like quite even how to describe this but there's been a clarity of thought that I've wanted For a very long time and I've struggled so much in okay hi as you know decisive decision maker yeah probably not But but God has still given us a sound mind and learning to in a whole other way a capacity for insight and probably Something that I haven't had before why like I literally literally think it's I don't have any any explanation besides just being willing to excavate and

Matthias Miller  1:03:47
dig past the layers of of some of the the negative things that have happened The even maybe even sometimes even beyond things were just some of the less than healthy forces that were at play shaping me and and being molded into healthier ways of relating with other people or relating with the world

Matthias Miller  1:04:16
So healthy church is a collection of Healthy People people get healthy Primarily I believe by being around round in walking through life with healthy people so we stay Healthy by staying around healthy people we get healthier by getting around healthy people and like that like we are the we're that the vessels through which God works To heal and to restore and to build

Matthias Miller  1:05:01
And we can even do that there's probably a whole lot more they don't even know

Matthias Miller  1:05:22
Your thoughts Questions discussion application

Speaker 2  1:05:30
This is the setting at school

Unknown Speaker  1:05:37
about circumcision

Unknown Speaker  1:05:39
and how Jesus seems to leave that I guess I I guess I'm thinking okay so now

Speaker 2  1:06:06
recognize the broken We're not going to build a perfect culture that hurt people as well What are you been thinking about pieces of culture

Matthias Miller  1:06:40
So I don't think that the I think the things that shape us negatively ultimately are the things that robbed us of who God has called us to be of our healthy self identity that promise of of of stewarding choices so that we are actually called to be responsible for so it is the I think the bigger thing bigger than the culture is this Then then the the tangibles of culture is this stripping away of freedom because if people are free Then what are they going to choose? And this is probably getting into like, again, really like, it is scary territory. But if you have people who are completely free, it means that what's on the inside is going to come out. And so if we don't want, traditionally, what's happened is we don't want the ugly to come out. And so we're going to take away people's choices to keep the ugly from coming out, which isn't effective, it actually creates a whole spiral of problems, which is what we're talking about here. But if we allow them freedom, it means that some people are blatantly going to choose to do things that are evil, and they're going to walk away from Christ. And at the same time, there will be people who do things that are really wrong and really broken. But they're also going to find redemption and healing in those places. And this is the battle of choice is are we actually going to allow people the freedom and are we going to deal with the mess that comes with freedom? Because finally, what's in the heart actually comes out? We're going through group Galatians with a group of guys right now. And it's like, this is such a like, this thing is such a huge value. That Paul's Paul is talking about freedom. Be free. Do not let anybody put you into bondage. Now use that freedom to serve Christ. By implication there are people who are using it not to

Matthias Miller  1:09:20
sorry, you're treading on the verge too deep for me. It's five.

Speaker 1  1:09:30
Pull me if I understand what you're saying and stuff. But at the same time, like, I'm not gonna let my kids just take their sisters sister's possessions are catering to whatever they're desiring for because of their sinful like, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:09:53
I want to train them. Not even though they feel like doing wrong. did not do roll over like that. Like, isn't that my job as a parent?

Speaker 1  1:10:07
To train them? I don't care if you feel like saying something to me about your sibling. You aren't gonna say it. Yeah, that's tearing them down. But I'm not allowing him to be free or her to be free and expressing themselves if I give them any care. Or if I if I make consequences for their actions, I'm actually requiring them to bottle it up.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:40
Don't let it out. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:10:44
It's a good point. And I

Speaker 1  1:10:45
mean, that that can translate on. I mean, it's easy to think of those stages because we, we naturally think of children as needing that correction and encouragement, but in a church where you say you can't really gauge spiritual growth or even placement sometimes. How does that look? Outside of the easily identifiable things in church life? Yeah. That's fair. And don't we want to be shaped? Don't we want to be trained? I don't want to just be not bound by good etiquette and manners. Like I'm going to ask the woman differently when I'm in a group of people than I am. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:12:01
Maybe this is actually better, like, I don't know, maybe maybe.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:05
Like, like you're asking the question.

Matthias Miller  1:12:11
Ultimately, what we want is we want we understand that God values people, and that he's called them to there's a specific design and there's some that's very personal. And there's something that's universal, like God has created him in and so the freedom to express is actually maybe Maybe that's actually not you can have a freedom that's to express this human, humanistic, like, I just feel like yelling at my sister. So I'm gonna go yell at my sister. And there's one that is, yes. But like, here's what Christ is calling us to. And within that, like, I'm going to challenge you can you can accept it. I mean, ultimately, at the end of the day, you can still accept or deny, but I'm still going to point you back to the person of Christ. And this is what he's called you to. And that's the freedom that I'm calling you, and challenging you to where there's actually a standard for this. And I think this is kind of what you're touching on. Like, the standard is Christ. And I'm going to point you to that, and when it means there's practical things of like, yelling, it's, it's your sister, really, even in church, like there is practical things.

Speaker 1  1:13:30
Always called to be imitators of Christ. And to become more like Him said, as long as you're calling people to be like that you're never moving them outside of who God designed them to be. Yeah. Yeah. So then what exactly the cognitive thing and the spiritual thing, get some money, sometimes between what is, you know that because there are so many good things, cognitively. That maybe we could be doing, we should be reading a certain number of books or that or listening to a certain number of podcasts, so that, you know, we're, we're growing and we're doing these things, and we're, like, we know that these things are, are good for us. But like, I can't make someone enjoy doing that, or have the desire to do that, or myself, for that matter. I can listen to podcasts or read books pretty difficult. Even though I know and I'm challenged to do that. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:15:02
There's, there's good and there's greater, because learning is good. But allowing, allowing the Holy Spirit to direct how you spend your time and what you focus on and how you learn. There's more than one way to learn. Like there are people who are life learners, who learned just by living life and observing people in observing situations who are just brilliant in how they look at life. And that's a form of learning. I think sometimes, like this part. Here's maybe another way to take a look at it. I don't know if this is open or not. But we understand faith for salvation. But what is faith for sanctification and the same absolute utter dependency that we have on Christ to save us is the same absolute dependency that we have to develop and grow us. And sometimes this drive to I have to learn this I have to be going a certain direction this it's almost honestly it's like an almost like an overactive mind, like, like, really comes down to this doubt of five just to turn that off and throw my faith in on Christ and allow Him to guide and direct me that I actually am I actually literally going to learn what I need to learn. I'm going to grow how I'm going to grow I'm going to meet the people I need to meet and the answer 100% Is it scary, but he's always faithful like he will do that

Speaker 1  1:16:52
I think there's so there's also the thing I questioned sometimes even watching the score something or reflecting back on my own school days. Just the laziness of not pushing through to the end of something more and that there again, it becomes like sometimes you just do have to push through your personality

Unknown Speaker  1:17:26
yeah yeah, Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:17:39
begin a conversation that we had had today. Because it's like, God understands, like God God has, like, if you believe that God has wired us and programmed us in, you're somebody who's highly adaptive, and not likely to push through. He gave that to you. But there's still this, what has what is he calling you to because he will put somebody who will push through at all costs, you will put them into a situation. And he will tell him stop, and no more. And they're kicking and screaming? And like, why would you do that? And there's other times where he will put them into situations where, if it would be anybody else they would have given up long ago, and he just lets him run with it and use it. And there's other times where he takes people who jump from thing to thing. And he's like, nope, like, you can't run, like, there's a double barrel shotgun in your back and you're not turning around, and you better keep walking, like, like, make it to the end whatever happens, and other times where he puts those people into situations where adaptation is needed. And is it all comes down to like, is it the mind? Is it though, is that the will? Is it the the interest in personality? Like, which of these is driving and directing us? Or is it the Spirit? Because he's the only one who can? Like no, no, like, I don't know. Practically speaking, like your kids learn skills, they learn how to, like, push through when they don't want to and they learn how to stop when they need to, like those are skills you can learn and like it could be kind of getting a little over philosophical with this but but just there's that reality that in life you need wisdom to know sometimes which one to use, and which not. And sometimes it goes your way and sometimes it doesn't. But good

Speaker 2  1:19:43
development you know, like law school and there's probably yeah, there's people that might have to do a little bit more of that

Unknown Speaker  1:20:00
sort of guess

Speaker 2  1:20:04
to some others that God's called you to freedom. What is he telling you? Yes, how is he doing? Yes,

Matthias Miller  1:20:17
yep. To the point it's much easier to build a curriculum so that each person like Can we just take each person in this congregation through the same process at the same time so that we can tell everybody either everybody what to do or what not to do? I don't know that and I'm gladly preface all this because I'm coming from this very much from the standpoint of I don't apologize like this is this is from the standpoint of how I look at the world and it's one part of the picture of how to look at the world like even this by itself of what I'm sharing is one like I think in a healthy environment there are there is this tension between what I'm sharing but then what about the pragmatic like, okay, like you can't do that like there is that back and forth there's that tension and there's that like then you have to work through that and like I think there's there's a lot of health in that Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:21:58
Yeah, it definitely does leave you. It makes it forces you to question a little bit

Unknown Speaker  1:22:10
the reason why you don't like certain things I think it has. Because even whenever you're living out of who God created you to be and you're in the sweet spot of who God made you.

Speaker 1  1:22:32
You're going to continually face things that like You said she'll want to be there. Like why God are by at this point and you're kicking against what it is. And so it's it's so hard to separate out the human side of like Paul, like, the things I want to do, I don't do and like he's confused about like, or makes it sound like he's confused. I don't know if he's confused or not. But like, he knows how he should be, but he's not that way. And he's frustrated about it. Yeah, it seems like it's just an ongoing throughout life tension they're trying to decipher is this, is this me that's picking against this? Or is it spirits saying this isn't who I made you in first place?

Speaker 3  1:23:35
You want to be the best? He is still? Yes. So we don't even have the full picture.

Matthias Miller  1:23:51
But I think even to your point like, like, there's a point in time where that distinction didn't even exist. Like there wasn't even a thought of the mind that this is the way I want to go. And this is the way God's taking like once to take me like that question didn't even exist. So the fact that you're asking the question is a an indication of a growth of development. And so, again, in the process of developing people, what I find is that, that I will find myself drawn to, to, sometimes two solutions that are it's the right problem, but it's the wrong solution. And so the fact that I'm asking the question, is, is evidence that God wants to do something? It's almost like the question is like the precursor. So does the, am I still human? Like, yes, absolutely. I always will be. But do we have the capacity to grow in distinguishing between, like, what's just me and what's not? Absolutely. And I look at your question through the lens of hope. Because right now, it's like, this is so confusing. Like, I don't even know, the hope is that why would God give you a question? Why would God allow you in or entertain a question that? Okay, like? trusting that God is behind the question that you're asking, and that if he's behind the question that you're asking that he's also leading you towards an answer. And there's this impatience because I feel this, like, I feel the pressure of this thing. Like, I want to know, I want to be there, like now. And he actually allows the pressure in their situations to shape us. Like, I think there's a reason between why he doesn't give us answers right away, because the pressure itself is part of the answer. So we're like, kicking and screaming, and like, God, I got to know this like, and we wait and we wait, and we wait in slowly. He starts like, there's this layer, and there's this layer, and then suddenly, we think we got it. And then there's another question and then it's like, but yes, he leads us to that.

Speaker 1  1:26:14
If it makes me question, too, how we put people in the church offices Okay, so even in our volunteering for church offices, why does a person volunteer for that? Most times is because they did it. And somebody told them, they did a good job at it. And they like, Oh, this must be who I am. Yep. And we encourage people to work out their giftings. But have we enabled them to feel like they're gifted in that

Matthias Miller  1:26:52
job? I've just given you reasons. One of my biggest pet peeves was like, Oh, you're the computer guy. Because everybody else recognized that I was the computer guy, but something inside of me and there's multiple reasons for this. But I really resist resented being the computer guy. I could just say like, I don't want to be the computer guy. Like, first of all, what am I going to be then? And then like, who am I to argue with everybody else? Yeah. So then when to get really like, where it hits home for me like, okay, like you're, you know, you're so great at at preaching and like, engaging with people like okay, cool, like, therefore I should be doing that. Well, and so then what happens when anyway like, am I going down rabbit trails? I shouldn't but like so then when when you're good at something, and you say this is my gifting and then and then there's this shift of like, for whatever reason that's not what you're doing anymore. Like, am I still good? Am I still gifted? Am I still like, and we've derived it from what people said. Unintentionally it's not like we're trying to Yeah. And

Unknown Speaker  1:28:20
yeah

Matthias Miller  1:28:23
it's actually really helpful in in finding out what the true identity is, but it's not a very comfortable process

Matthias Miller  1:28:36
I still think I still maintain it's like I mean, all these pieces I think tie together because people will have red flags. There's something inside of them that's uncomfortable like I should People tell me I'm good. But they blow past the what if this isn't actually like

Unknown Speaker  1:29:00
Yeah

Speaker 1  1:29:07
how do you, uh, you encourage people to work in their gifting is like when somebody Does like we work out of this so much? Somebody definitely songs and does a good job at it and we are to be encouragers How do you help people develop and walk into the giftings that God has given to them

Speaker 1  1:29:40
when partly the reason it went well is because God has gifted them and that's not always not always the reason

Unknown Speaker  1:29:46
yeah

Speaker 1  1:29:53
I guess there is it there again, like you need to be someone step with the Spirit that You recognize what God has called you and

Matthias Miller  1:30:03
also like I can tell you how it's how it played out in my life. I don't know if this is a pattern or not, but I can tell you like how it played out. But for me, it was like, I would open the door crack of like there's just like this little gap of a question of like, should I have done this and And I had somebody I trusted who would step straight into that small little gap of a question and would speak into it. And it was like, which is kind of like I think how God works like we crack the door just a little bit like God, we like. So how did I do? Like that's a crack and that's also really vulnerable. place to go. It's like Can I be honest? In that situation like how do I, how do I be honest in that situation like you put your heart into it, like, like, but but, like helping them if it's not their place it's not always Sometimes we're so scared of hurting people that we don't tell them the truth. Sometimes they're not ready to hear it either. But we can also help point them towards at least trying something else that might be closer down that down that line. Even to that point I'll say one of the things like, even within that very thing of identifying, I don't think everybody is supposed to identify everybody else's gifts. Like God has not wired everybody to go around, like I walk with. So just because of my personality I have have a high degree of sensitivity to certain types of environments and there are things that I pick up about dynamics and certain places and how people are relating to each other and like things and just because of interest like whatever like I can tell when there are things out of certain things better place than not you don't want that like you want that to be like one segment of what's going on because if you have all of that then it's like It's not even healthy and so I think it goes back to this this body there are people even within the body who are really skilled at saying God is wired them they're skilled they Look at somebody and they know they can tell whether their hearts into it or whether it's not or they might not fully know but they might have an idea and so allowing those people to utilize you realize those people and tap them on the shoulder and ask them what they think and they might not even know what to do practically I think that's often a little bit of the problem sometimes you have like the practically minded people and then the people Whoo hoo are so sensitive to like what's going on they need each other I sometimes know when an idea is not the right one I sometimes have general ideas of where I want to go but I do really well when I have somebody who is very practically minded as well and they can they can flesh it out practically this is what it looks like and I can say that sounds good but And I can't tell you exactly what the problem is but there's a problem with Part of it here and let's talk about what the problem is There's this back and forth like you need that so maybe part of it is I'm not saying this is necessarily the case or not but part of it too may just be dropping the burden off your shoulders that I need to be the one helping people to figure out what they're called to maybe that's not enough it's called Like maybe there's a completely different other weight and responsibility you're called to carry

Speaker 4  1:34:28
It must be done even texted me the other day am I more of a first Ministers to people with my hands of service. And then there was another question after that between two cannons this thing or whatever

Unknown Speaker  1:34:53
you identify he was or she was asking

Speaker 4  1:34:56
me Did you know me? You know, we probably just as well or maybe even better than I do myself I didn't know how to answer because I had those questions like, Okay, what is she intuitively? And what has she done because she sees it's needed and so she's filling in that spot and and which is good for us all as Christians to do. I mean, we love and we want to love well and so if there is a gap we want to fill in that gap.

Unknown Speaker  1:35:37
And then the one question she

Speaker 4  1:35:40
wish it was but I said, Well, I think you do that item, but you do it because you're motivated by the other category like it's because you here for I think was decided that I think it's because you're carrying people that you want to discipled and see them struggling. So

Unknown Speaker  1:36:00
you want to teach

Speaker 4  1:36:04
anyway, was an interesting conversation. Really, really interesting. But one other thing, too was that as young as you are, you haven't had gobs of opportunities yet to even explore what you may be getting. God is still developing those gifts in you and you may need to try out

Unknown Speaker  1:36:34
different things before you in the door.

Speaker 4  1:36:37
Yeah. Where you know really really what is your your sweet spot or what God is

Speaker 1  1:36:45
do find it interesting though that you ended up going back to what your teacher called out on you way back at the beginning. Like what happened in between there that made you score totally different on the test. Were you totally just this illusion or disassociated In reality of who you were like what made the difference on the outcome of that test?

Matthias Miller  1:37:20
So the the weird thing is the test is supposed to pick up when you're lying basically like your actual self and not that

Unknown Speaker  1:37:30
it's really concrete.

Matthias Miller  1:37:32
then you're really confused that yeah, really I was like I was and I and I had no reason to doubt that and then it was when when I kind of burned out of being that person that was really confusing to

Matthias Miller  1:37:49
that's actually I mean, yeah, it's quite possible. It's quite possible. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. But I think it's it's important to note that this came on the heels of this is just my own. Again my own personal journey. I never really was comfortable being Amish grew up Amish never really was comfortable with it, wanted to leave was encountered some resistance to the idea of leaving took a more moderate route long out to leaving and so I'm in this whole journey of impalas I'm young and I'm like this whole journey of like I don't even know who I am and but I don't know if I'm really free to pursue who I am and where I want to go So there was a and plus in that culture because I was I had a really hard time buying into the culture and so by way of dealing with That was was through some level of dissociation is the right term but like that kind of thing like this is a little bit of an act of who I need to be in order to facade yeah and so you put on enough of a costume so that you fit the expectations but Yeah so plus plus there was enough in my upbringing just I don't know

Matthias Miller  1:39:39
I wasn't a that there were things that I didn't never really caught on about living a healthy emotionally healthy life that never even never crossed my mind to question if that's who it was I think it was in some ways was there's almost a sense of and finally found some level of belonging and I don't really know what happened but perhaps with that sense of belonging it's just like I'm going all in and this is who I am never thought that like when it came to New Horizons it was like finally finding some kind of a home going all in on that i don't know

Unknown Speaker  1:40:26
i don't know To share my fair share of living telling me

Speaker 2  1:41:02
I did have thought about that whole thing of like encouraging people I think we can also Spirit lives in yeah I don't think he wants us to be like locked up and like I should say even like sometimes people have like a kind of courage then they say well it's you know whatever There's that sense of like it's a zero sum game I think she turtle got it's good to come Sometimes you know some other things

Unknown Speaker  1:41:55
yeah

Speaker 1  1:42:11
just the whole bag bag God chooses humanity and people to speak for him

Matthias Miller  1:42:26
the sarcastic comment to that reply is just telling them that they weren't that good. Good. Who's got that? No, not that good. The good

Matthias Miller  1:42:48
Like even that whole thing of like, that whole thing of second guessing, like that was that that was actually still is sometimes a big battle because what you find is like okay, I can figure this out theologically, If Christ spirit if if I have the mind of Christ and if Christ spirit is joined to mind that I should be able just to trust that and There's this thing that wants to come out. And then there's these like, here's my mind, like, what are you gonna think? What are you like, analyzing, like, all of those things. And it's that same like it's that same dualism at play of I'm concerned about what they're gonna think I'm like and like honestly just this process of learning to set aside that and just allowing it to come out like so simple but always easy

Unknown Speaker  1:43:48
don't just keep going and

Matthias Miller  1:43:50
asking other people is good.

Unknown Speaker  1:43:54
Everybody else's

Speaker 1  1:44:43
I think there is there's a certain aspect of that just because we are imitators of Christ there are some things we don't even need to wrestle with like Is this me or isn't Is mean we're a new creature in Christ like this is who Christ is like we're learning we're learning to identify as Christ would identify we're learning to act out of who we are at the core And that's that's Christ like we're learning to love. Like these these giftings No, not Jesus. Jesus. Thanks

Speaker 1  1:45:49
But there are certain aspects We empathize or we feel with or we we do or like we notice because of how he's wired us but as we notice those things it's just should be natural to respond as Christ respond

Matthias Miller  1:46:16
it just goes back to Being completely comfortable and okay, just being me. Trusting that Christ is in me, it's that this is like, it's that almost like that dual identity of like, here's this here's this person I have to analyze myself or can I actually just let that go? Just just be me. And like you said trust that

Matthias Miller  1:46:59
is a side note, another way of looking at giftings think it's also helpful to understand that there's a practical side to it as well so very simply stated the process of identifying people is get around a whole bunch of people get to know them in one way or the other observe Have them however you want to do it and there To contrast so this person responds this way this person responds This way this person is interested in this but not that and so categories are a really bad place to keep people but it can be a really good place to start to gain some understanding of who people are so Even just knowing like for example preferred mode of communication you know musical artistic linguistic maybe even kinesthetic like hands on like that kind of thing like having having an Understanding that these are not the end all be all but these are categories of how people express themselves and so being able to say like if somebody Somebody who what are the characteristics of somebody who does well leading worship like they're going to be have a strong musical bent they're going to have but then what are the other I don't know and maybe this also comes down to a little bit of like well there's just one person who did really well and this person who didn't and like let's think about what what's what same what's different What's that for somebody who's naturally curious about what makes people That's kind of what happens in the brain already so I've just given you a sneak peek and if you don't really have that interest but you still have the need to figure it out that's kind of the process for doing it I'm gonna start right outside

Unknown Speaker  1:49:09
This


Transcribed by https://otter.ai