Speaker 1  00:00
This is my full and exhaustive teaching on marriage, divorce and remarriage. According to the Bible, it's going to cover all of the relevant biblical passages, we're going to get into a lot of historical insights, original language issues, and even scholarly debates on this topic of divorce and remarriage. In particular, I'm going to try to also answer a real questions, hard questions about how to apply these things into your life faithfully, as a Christian, we're going to go very deep in this video, which is why there's a video map down below in case you want to skip around to specific sections that you're interested in. I'll tell you more about that in a minute. So this is a topic that I've actually been confused on for years, when people have asked me as a pastor about the topic of divorce and remarriage, I sometimes have said, Boy, that situation is confusing to me. I don't know the right answer, you know, go to the Scripture and study it and seek to honor Christ as best you can. Well, as you can imagine, I'm not happy giving that answer. And so what I thought was in my verse by verse study, going through the Gospel of Mark, when I hit Mark 10, I would stop that study and do a whole research project on the topic of marriage and divorce. That's what I've done. I've put over 200 hours, I don't know exactly how many but it's definitely hundreds of hours of work into studying all the relevant stuff, I can find a number of different books, scholars, all kinds of stuff on this topic hearing different from from sort of popular pastors and their teaching on it versus more like the Scholastic type stuff from people no one's ever heard of. So I've tried to get into all that because I have a lot of trepidation. I feel like this issue has a huge impact in your life. And this is a really important issue marriage and divorce, it's it's so radically important that we get this right. And I didn't know the right advice to give in many cases. So now I feel like I do I feel like a lot better. And I don't know how to answer every question. But I think that I can help equip you to answer a lot more of those types of questions. Because I have had, oh, man of all the requests from you guys on videos and teaching topics, this has been one of the number one things that's been requested. So this is that video. In fact, there's gonna be three videos, I'm going to be doing this video today, this is the long exhaustive teaching, then I'm gonna give it about a week or so. And I'm gonna let you push back. I'm gonna let you comment and challenge the things that I'm teaching here. And I'm going to read those comments. And I'm going to do another video question and answer type video where I respond to that pushback. Maybe I say I was You're right, I was wrong about that. Or maybe I give a better, clearer answer explanation. Or maybe I deal with an issue I forgot to deal with in this video. So right now, what you can do is, is, you know, as you watch this video, go down to the comments and either put your questions and your pushback in there, or vote up with the little thumbs up, vote up the questions that you think I should deal with in the next video. And I'm going to give it at least a week for those just to sit there and populate, then I will do another video on that topic. Finally, I'll do a third video, this could be like a short, maybe a 12 minute, I don't know how long, some shorter, quick teaching where I just survey the bottom line on all these issues, because this long exhaustive video isn't going to be for everybody. But those of you who need it, I know you will really appreciate all the work that goes into it. Eventually everything is going to be linked down below. And I've also linked a bunch of resources for you some of the books and articles and stuff that I've read, that I thought you might be interested in. That's all down in the video map down below the video map in the video description. So here's an overview, quick overview. I think there's two slippery slopes that we can fall into. And one of them one of these these wrong ways in my opinion of responding to the biblical teaching to strict biblical teaching on divorce and remarriage is the too restrictive response. The response to that is, I don't want to say legalistic because I don't like using that term. Outside of its proper context. It's not legalistic, it's just, it's just half the story. It that's the problem with it. And this restrictive view is based off, let me share with you a few scriptures, Mark 10, verses 11 and 12, where Jesus says, Whoever divorces his wife, and marries another commits adultery against her, and if she divorces her husband and marries another, she commits adultery. And they say, look, it's pretty simple. It's pretty straightforward. That's the whole story. Another verse that is used to build this case, as Romans seven, verses two through two and three, it says, For a married woman is bound by law to her husband while he lives but if her husband dies, she's released from the law of marriage.

Unknown Speaker  04:05
So

Speaker 1  04:06
she'll be called an adulterous accordingly. She'll be called an adulterous if she lives with another man while her husband is alive. So but if her husband dies, she's free. So that this is this is that, um, that these restrictive you they go to these three passages. The third one I'll point out is first Corinthians seven, verses 10 and 11. And in this one, it says to the married I give this charge, Not I, but the Lord, the wife should not separate from her husband. But if she does, she should remain unmarried or else be reconciled her husband and the husband should not divorce his wife. So they quote these three passages and they say, look, this gives us all we really need to know about the topic. Everything else is like a side issue. And I think that this actually misses out on the context of these actual passages. But I also think, if you interpret these passages that way, it's actually impossible to maintain a careful thoughtful interpretation of Scripture. When You go to other passages that seem to disagree with your view of these three restrictive passages. I mean, it looks really good when you see these three, these three sections just thrown at you. And it gets you committed to this view that there's no divorce under any circumstances ultimately, and no remarriage unless the death of a spouse. But then really bad Bible study techniques start happening when you hit First Corinthians seven, the rest of the of the chapter, or Matthew five, or Matthew 19. And to me, this is a red flag, every proponent of this restrictive view that I've read, they, when they come to these other passages we'll talk about today, they suddenly start using really weird Bible study techniques that normally they wouldn't use, and they are interpreting and reinterpreting. They're sort of doing all kinds of weird stuff, we'll get into more details. But some of the people who I respect who are thoughtful, God loving people who say these things are like Gordon wenham. He's one of the proponents of this type of view, john Piper and David pawson, I'm going to be dealing with some of their specific views in this video. Also, there's reason really good reason for thinking that even in context, these very passages I've put on the screen so far, they're meant to be taken as true principles, but not without exceptions. There's really good reason to think that I'll get into that. Now the other this there's two slippery slopes. I said, that's one slippery slope, the restrictive view that mishandles the text, in my opinion, then there's the the view that realizes there's genuine exceptions to the marriage and divorce thing. And they go to passages like Matthew 532 where Jesus says, But I say to you that everyone who divorces his wife, you know, except on the ground of sexual immorality, makes her commit adultery, and Whoever marries a divorced woman commits adultery. So then there's like, oh, there's an exception. Another passage for this is Matthew 19, nine. And I say to you, whoever divorces his wife, except for sexual immorality, there it is, again, and marries another commits adultery. So Jesus is giving us, you know, an exception to the rule. And so they say, look, there's there's exceptions. And in First Corinthians seven, Paul seems to give exceptions as well. So we go, gosh, there are exceptions. But here's where that's a slippery slope. The minute you say that there's legitimate exceptions for a Christian to get divorced. Very quickly, people start blowing everything into an exception. And all of a sudden, what what was permission for exceptional situations becomes permission for anybody who can just turn anything into an exception. And,

Speaker 1  07:18
you know, how far are we supposed to really go with this, I'm going to give a biblical case for exceptions, these ones and more. But I want to be very careful that you would know these are exceptions. For the vast majority of the audience watching this video, you need to stay married, you need to double down your commitment to your spouse, and to honor Christ, unilaterally, whether your spouse is or not. And that is I mean, that is the starting point for Christian obedience. But there are exceptions. And we need to acknowledge them, lest we've victimized people who are living in those exceptions, and we're telling them they can't get a divorce or separation or remarry ever again. So when are the exceptions valid? Watch up, we have to watch out for the great danger in our hearts are it's deceitful and desperately wicked, we will justify divorce when we want it really bad. And we will do it whether it's actually justified or not. And we don't want to expand the exceptions to anything. So both of those, those are the major concerns the two slippery slopes I want to avoid in the survey through Scripture. And we're going to try and do that very carefully. I hope I can do a good job and I hope that you find it helpful. Now who did I read just by to get this out of the way since this is the long exhaustive teaching. I already mentioned a Gordon when him john Piper, David pawson, looked at their works. And I also looked at the works for like William heth, Craig, Keener, David and stone, Brewer, Wayne, grudem, and a bunch of others, I put a number of those resources down below in the video description. This study format, though, today is going to be a survey through the Scriptures. We'll start with verse by verse commentary going through all the relevant biblical passages. What we'll do while we're in that verse by verse treatment, is we're going to gather principles out of the text of Scripture, and I'm going to bring up 16 total principles. for you that are principles that are true about marriage, divorce and remarriage based upon the teaching of Scripture. I think that that summary at the end, when I bring all 16 of those forward, it's going to really help bring clarity to people who might be confused on the topic. I'm also going to deal with debates. We're going to go into the nitty gritty, we're going to box it out on the topics of what is the exception clause? What did Jesus mean by sexual immorality? What was the cultural context of the the Jewish setting on the debate about divorce, all that kind of stuff? The topic is going to get complicated, but we're gonna go into it, get it, get it complicated, get clarity, and then you won't be confused anymore. That's the idea. And then I'm going to handle a bunch of what abouts right after we do the survey through all the Scripture. I'm going to handle a bunch of what about issues? What about alcoholism and gambling? If your spouse is doing that? What if you sinfully entered a marriage? What about the Church Fathers? I heard that all of them agreed that there was no divorce or no remarriage after divorce and that even divorce was was frowned upon in pretty much any scenario. Well, we're gonna do with all that. And again, if you have to skip around, I'm here for you. My goal isn't to get minutes, watch my video. I want this to be a ministry tool. So you can go to the video map, and you can skip to whatever you want. And

Speaker 1  10:05
I just hope it helps you out. So here is our first segment, our first section, this is what you need to know about the Jewish backdrop of Jesus's teaching on divorce. As we begin our survey of scriptures, the first scripture we're going to get into is gonna be Deuteronomy 24. The reason why is because in Jesus's day, Deuteronomy 24 was like a major, major debated passage when it comes to divorce and remarriage like this is something they were debating about. And when they come to Jesus, and they talk to him about it, they're talking out of that debate, they're like asking him to pick us up. So in our day, it'd be like if someone said something about what do you think about ak 47? You know, it's there's a major debate. And so we need to know the backdrop of that debate, if we understand what the person says next, if you don't know the backdrop, you might get confused. This is something that actually the church fathers, a lot of them did not know about, maybe I don't know how many of any of them knew about it, but it helps us see it helps us see why Jesus's exceptions in Matthew, are there and they're not in Mark and Luke, what is that? Is that a contradiction? And the answer is going to be no. But this backdrop of a debate is going to tell us why. So here we are Deuteronomy 24, verses one through four, before I get into the debate, because sometimes Jewish rabbis, and sometimes even now different teachers, if you listen to their debate about a passage before you read the passage, you end up not being able to think clearly about it. So first, let's just study the passage, then we'll look at the debate. Deuteronomy 24, one through four says, When a man takes a wife and marries her, if then she finds no favor in his eyes, and because he has found some indecency in her in that phrase, remember that, because he's found some decency in her. And he writes her Certificate of divorce and puts it in her hand and sends her out of his house. And she departs out of his house, verse two, and if she goes and becomes another man's wife, and the latter man hates her, and writes her a certificate of divorce and puts it in her hand, and sins are out of his house, or if the latter man dies, who took her to be his wife, then her former husband, who sent her away may not take her again to be his wife, after she has been defiled for that as an abomination before the Lord, and you shall not bring sin upon the land that the Lord your God has given you for an inheritance. So what is this text telling us? Well, there's, there's a few things to know it is what it allows. There's what it disallows. And there's the thing, or the what it forbids. And there's also what it causes. So it allows something, which doesn't mean it's good, it forbid something. And then it also causes something. What it allows is divorce, and remarriage, not only from your first husband, to your second husband, but to your third. So there's a third remarriage that can happen, you just can't marry your first husband again, right? So it does allow for divorce and remarriage is doesn't mean divorce and remarriage in generals. Okay? That's not what I'm saying. We're asking what this text, what can't what's the permissive nature of the text? The law often permits things that are not good, because of the culture of the people that that it was sent to, as Jesus will affirm, we'll see later. So what does it allow divorce and remarriage even with third husband just not the first? What is it cause it causes certificates. Now, this is really interesting, where it says that the letter man, you know, writes her a certificate of divorce. This is really interesting, because nobody in the ancient Near East at the time was writing certificates of divorce. This is like a uniquely Deuteronomy type thing. So it, it caused there to be a certificate of divorce. Now the function of a certificate of divorce back then, is that the the woman is now now no longer under the man. See, in the ancient Near East, in the code of Hammurabi, for instance, if if a man divorced, his wife said, Get out of here, and she went and married another man, at any time, the first husband could literally go over there and just take his wife back, he might have taken her back five years, 10 years later, and just he would just take her back. This is part of the code of Hammurabi. But in the in the law in Deuteronomy, what it's doing is it's making it so that if a man sends a woman away, he has to free her from his authority, she has that certificate proving that she's free from demand. So this would, in other words, improve a woman's condition in that society at the time. That's the thing that causes certificates. What is it for bid? Well, it forbids remarriage to the first spouse. Now, here's where a whole debate goes on. Why is it that the woman is not allowed to remarry her first spouse again, and there are three possible reasons and you do want to know this. This is all the background necessary background for understanding Jesus's words in the Gospels. There are three possible reasons that I think are possible, at least one is potentially because of prostitution of a wife. Now in some cultures, and even some cultures today, they do this where a man will give his wife to another man for a night or for a short period of time, and he like divorces her and the next man marries her temporarily. It's like an overnight marriage. This is actually in Islamic tradition, too. And then the man sleeps with her and then she can go back to her husband. And so there's this sort of prostituting out of your wife. Now, this would mean that that's impossible. This would this would mean if this is a practice going on in the ancient Near East, in Israel or around the neighbors of Israel, this rule in Deuteronomy 24, would would mean that they can't do this with their wives. So this would again, elevate the rights of women in the society. So that's a positive thing. Do we know that this is the case? No. But it It fits right? It fits. And it's is something in the in the, in the East that we still see. So that's one possibility. Another possibility, why she can't go back to re marry her first husband would be

Speaker 1  15:33
that he then can't just casually send her away, the husband realizes that if he separates from her, he can't just get her to get rid of her and get her back and get rid of her and get her back. And so it would just raise the stakes of a divorce. That's a possibility too. But then Raymond Westbrook and I've, I've put his article a link to it down below. He has an article called the prohibition on restoration of marriage in Deuteronomy 24, one through four, and it goes like this. In the in the in the situation, Deuteronomy 24, the woman in her first marriage, she leaves for cause or for reason. And we get that from the phrase in decency, the first husband since her way because of indecency. But the second husband, he doesn't seem to have a good cause. It says he sends her away because he hates her, or because he dies. Now, the difference between those two divorces are two endings of marriage is that in the first one, the woman would not take her dowry with her. But in the second one, she would have the full inheritance or the dowry depending on death or divorce, then she would have the dowry, and she would take it with her. So the first husband seems to have rejected her for cars, and then kept her money. And then the second husband ended up giving her money. And now the first one can't take her back to do what to get a double dowry from her. So this might have been a type of thing where her her dowry or her ketubah is the is the Hebrew term for it, he can't get her money twice. And this would keep him from abusing her in that situation, right where he can take her money two times in a row. This is a possibility. It's a really interesting whole theory and has to do with the word hate and how hating and sending away means unjustified divorce, and then she keeps her she keeps her ketubah. So it's a really interesting thing. Rather Westbrook's article is in the video description, if you'd like to check it out. It was called the prohibition on restoration of marriage in Deuteronomy 24. So it could be all three of these, these could all be things, but I want to make one major point. And to draw on Deuteronomy 24. As it relates to the topic we're dealing with today. It's really hard to sustain. If you say that second marriages are invalid. If people say, when you divorce and get remarried, the second marriage is invalid, it's really hard to sustain that. When, if they were invalid, then this text is actually forbidding a woman of from going back to her rightful husband, who she's still married to. So this is one below against that view of the permanence of marriage in all scenarios, until the death of a spouse. I'll talk more about that later. So let's talk about the debate. The debate in Jesus's day, they took the Deuteronomy 24 passage, and they thought, when it says a husband divorces her for some indecency, I'll bring it back up for you to make sure you're with me here. In Deuteronomy 24. It says the first husband, she finds no favor in his eyes because he's found some indecency in her and he writes her Certificate of divorce. They would say, hey, whatever some indecency is the rabbi's of Jesus's time, whatever some decency is, that's a legitimate reason for a divorce. So then they would debate, what does it mean? What is the legitimate reason for a divorce? Notice the terms they use, as I share with you actually, this is from the mission. This is their actual debate. This is between two different Jewish rabbit rabbinical groups, the house of Shem II and the house of Hillel. So the house of Shem II or the Shema knights, they held a very strict view in the house of Hillel held a very liberal view. And this is the debate Jesus is being asked to give commentary on in the Gospel. So you want to know this? Okay, here we are. Let's read through this. And I'll point out for clarity what exactly it is this is recorded in the mission in the Jewish Talmud, the house of Shem, I said, say a man should divorce his wife only because he has found grounds for it in unpassed study, since it is said because he has found in her indecency in anything. So here they quote Deuteronomy 24 when they use it as legitimacy for when you can get a divorce, anything that's considered untested tea, so you can't divorce her because you don't get along. Right. It has to be untested, some some kind of a sexual violation of some kind. And then the house of hills response, their debate says, even if she spoiled his dish, since it is said because he's found in her indecency in anything now in English, you might not notice this right but what they're saying is Hillel Shem is saying it's in decency. That's the cause, and, and Hillel saying in decency and anything, so she burns your food, you can divorce her, that's fine, you ruin his food, you can kick her out. Now then there was of course one last and oftentimes in the in the mission and stuff when you Hear the last commentator, the last person in the debate is like the winner.

Speaker 1  20:03
Well, Rabbi occupa said, even if he found someone else prettier than she, since it is said, if it shall be she find no favor in his eyes going to the earlier part of Deuteronomy, which I'll put on your screen here in a sec. Right there if she finds no favor in his eyes. So the debate we actually see discussed by Jesus is this debate. They're asking Jesus, what are the grounds for divorce here we've got Shema, who says only in decency, or in chastity and chastity, which is their understanding of indecency and Deuteronomy 24. We have Hillel, who says, whatever you want, like even if you burn her ditch, or she burns his dish, you can you can get a divorce, that's fine. And then we have occupa, who comes and even makes it stronger. And he's like, yeah, you find someone who's prettier, that's fine too, which is clearly adulterous behavior. Jesus is commenting on this, he's commenting on this. So here are some points I want you to have going forward into into our discussion of the Gospels. The the debate of Jesus's day is not just debate about a debate about marriage and divorce. It's a debate about Deuteronomy 24. It assumes that Deuteronomy 24 shows when divorces Okay, and the Hillel school says any any issue in fact, their quota saying any matter any matter, so any issue at all. And shehnai says his school says only uncheck study, but they interpreted this very broadly Shem I interpret this very broadly. So if a woman went around with her arms bear or her hair disheveled, then they would consider this like behavior leaning toward adultery, therefore, it's adulterous, therefore, you can get a divorce. So they would have a really liberal interpretation of chastity. Now, they may have seen other exceptions in Exodus 21. That's true, but we're gonna come back to that later. That'll be like the very end, I'm going to cover that topic. But this backdrop has to be understood. If you want to know what Jesus meant in the Gospels. This is the missing backdrop why people think Jesus is looking like he's disagreeing with himself or contradicting when he as an exception in Matthew, but it's not in Mark and Luke, Jesus, in short, by putting this into the context of Jesus, when he wades into this discussion, we can see that Jesus is especially commenting with his words on the hill alight versus shimmy ight debate. He's he's not so much siding with him. I there's an element of that. But more he's really disagreeing with the hilight marriage discussion, that he's saying to them can't just divorce for any matter or any reason that is wrong, that is that is sinful, and it's ultimately leads to adultery. Matthew, when Matthew adds an exception, that's not a Mark and Luke, he's just helping us see that everything Jesus says and Mark and Luke is in the context of that any matter discussion? We can actually see this. When we look at Matthew 19, three, let's look at that together. Matthew 19 three it says in Pharisees came up to him and tested him by asking him Is it lawful to divorce one's wife for any cars? That is the hill alight position right the hill alights that that school they thought, any reason any cause you can get a divorce. And so they're asking him to comment on that view. Jesus utterly rejects it right. And he gives good reasons for it, we'll get into very shortly here. So this is why in Matthew, we have more commentary or an exception on, you know, embedded into Jesus's statements on the topic of marriage and divorce. When we get to the passage I shared with you earlier, which is Matthew 532. He says, But I say to you that everyone who divorces his wife, except on the ground of sexual immorality, makes her commit adultery. So he's doing a couple of things. He's similar to shame I but he's, he's stronger than me. And I'll explain that later. So he's not just saying to share my two right now. He's, he's not, but he's definitely refuting the hilight view that you can get divorced for any reason you want, or what we call in our modern times a no fault divorce, like, Hey, man, you know, we just don't get along anymore. Like, we're just disagreements. We don't we don't like each other. Right? When you get a divorce, I found someone else maybe, and they make me happy, irrelevant. Jesus rejects that completely. We send Matthew 19 nine as well.

Speaker 1  24:14
And he said whoever divorces his his wife, except for sexual immorality, and marries another commits adultery. Now, the termites would never have added this later phrase and marries another commits adultery. But they would have agreed with him that sexual immorality is is is the only proper cause or is the proper cause and relating to Deuteronomy 24. So this is a pivotal issue. What do I say that Matthew and Luke properly allow for exceptions or not? This is huge issue. I mean, this is this is half the debate that goes on on this topic within the Christian church. Do we say that Matthew, Mark and Luke, rather Mark and Luke with their strict, you get a divorce, you get remarried? That's adultery with that formula? Do we say that there's still the possibility to get exceptions into Jesus's ideas and thoughts in those passages? The nope to people who say no, they always build their case about remarriage and divorce by quoting Mark, Luke, Romans, First Corinthians seven, just those verses I mentioned earlier. And then they use Mark and Luke and and those other passages to refute the idea that there are really exceptions in Matthew, and the yes people, the people who say, yes, there's exceptions, they tend to start with Matthew, I've done something a little different. I started with the background, the biblical historical background that goes on Jesus is in a debate. And he answers their debate with his own position, not just with the Shema view, that's important. And so we're going to see it that way. I think it absolutely gives room for thinking that even in Mark and Luke, when Jesus made those statements, it was just own to the audience, that he was rejecting the hilight view, and establishing his own. Not that there were no exceptions under any conditions. So I need to I need to labor this point a little more. So here's, here's the second section of today's video, which is this, why should you be open to exceptions to Jesus's rule about not divorcing? Why should you be open to exceptions to Jesus's rule in Mark and Luke about not getting divorce, I'm going to give you six reasons why you should be open to exceptions. Here they are. Number one, Jesus's other unqualified statements had exceptions. And I'm going to put a few of them on the screen here so you can understand we're interpreting Jesus, the way he normally talks. It's nothing, nothing weird here. Matthew 522. Here's an example of Jesus giving a rule that has exceptions, even though he doesn't give them when he gives the rule. Matthew 522. But I say to you that everyone who's angry with his brother will be liable to judgment, whoever insults his brother will be liable to counsel. And whoever says, You fool, will be liable to the hell of fire. So don't ever call anybody fool, right? Don't call people fool. Now, you could say, well, you know, his audience would have known that he didn't mean under all circumstances. But how do you prove that? Well, you prove it by saying, you know, Matthew 2317. Jesus says, of the Pharisees, you blind fools. I don't know what's worse, calling someone a fool or a blind fool, I imagined a blind fool is worse. You know, this is this is where Jesus Himself calls somebody, a fool. A group of guys calls them fools. And it's totally appropriate. So we go back to Matthew five, and we say, Oh, he meant, like, unjustifiably, you don't call him four out of your anger out of your rage out of your carnality. You don't say that? Someone's a fool. But But Jesus then goes on to call the Pharisees a fool. And he's right to do it. So there's obviously exceptions to Jesus, his statement about a fool. What about this one? Matthew 528. But I say to you that everyone who looks at a woman with lustful intent has already committed adultery with her in his heart. There's no exception given here, right? There's no exception. What if What if it's your your fiance, and you're engaged? And you look over her? And you're like, she looks good, you know? And you're like, Oh, no, I've committed adultery in my heart. Like, I don't think this would apply the same in that situation. I don't, I mean, engaged couples shouldn't be sitting. You know, they should guard their hearts and not sit there and obsess over each other's looks as hard as that might be. It might not be healthy yet, but I wouldn't call it an inherently sinful act. No, and more more carefully. more clearly, this can't apply in marriage. Marriage is the obvious exception, even though it's not stated, right? It's good husbands, it is good for you to lust after your wife, wives, it is good for you to lust after your husband is not even a carnal lust, a wicked lust. It's a proper and appropriate desire. It's healthy, it's good. We encourage this sort of thing. Scripture tells us that the marriage bed is undefiled. There's nothing sinful about about the marriage bed. Now it also in First Corinthians seven Paul, he requires for husbands and wives to physically be together, he considers this part of the marriage obligation. This is a positive thing, the Song of Solomon, I mean, if, if if desiring your spouse is wrong, and the Song of Solomon needs to be taken out of the Bible. So both of these statements, Matthew 522, don't call anyone a fool. And you know, don't look with less. Both of these statements are in the same context of Jesus's statements about marriage. It's in Matthew five. It's just a few verses down. Boom,

Speaker 1  29:04
here he is, he says, you divorce and remarriage except for the round of sexual immorality, it's adultery. Can I guess that there's at least some kind of exception, I think that we have at least one piece in a case building towards exceptions. The second piece I'll give is this. Jesus gave exceptions to other rules. Jesus gave exceptions to other rules. And that's Matthew 12, verse five. So he gave exceptions to his own rules. He has his own rules, and then there's exceptions that are implied in them. And Matthew 25, he gives exceptions to other rules, rules that come from Scripture, that would be considered law. He says, or have you not read in the law? How on the Sabbath, the priests in the temple profane the Sabbath and are guiltless? What does he mean? He means the priests are working, they're like laboring physically in the temple, and they had a lot to do on the Sabbath. The priests were on duty on the Sabbath, right? They they're working, but it's okay because it's an exception to the rule that you can't work on the Sabbath and Jesus playing That out. This is an exception to the rule. This is just how things work. The next exception is in Luke eight teen 20 where Jesus says, Honor your father and mother. He's Of course quoting the commandments, Honor your father and mother. Right? But then look at what he says also, same book in Luke chapter 14, verse 26, and Luke 1426. He says, If anyone comes to me and does not hate his own father and mother, and wife and children and brothers and sisters, yes, and even his own life cannot be my disciple. Now, you know, if you're going to take this foolishly, you can think Jesus like once you to just be hating people and yourself, this is not the case. He's talking about choosing him over them that if they say, you know, you stop following Jesus, or, or, or I reject, you will, then you say, I will suffer your rejection. And so you choose him over them. That's the context. But in some sense, you know, when my father mother tells me stop going to church, stop reading your Bible, stop preaching Christ. There's some sense in which I'm not honoring them when I tell them no, right. But that's the exception to the rule. And I think that wise people get this and think Jesus wants us to be wise people. We'll talk more about this a little bit later. But it's an important issue. If you refuse to allow the Matthew exception, because you claim that that would be a contradiction to Mark and Luke, then you must refuse the full exception or the desiring a girl exception. You have to refuse these other exceptions to the third reason why we should look for exceptions in market for Mark and Luke. Those statements just by themselves, we should look for exceptions. Proper ones not going crazy with it. But Jeremiah chapter three, verse eight,

Speaker 1  31:34
God divorces Israel. She saw that for all the adultery is of that faithless one Israel, I had sent her away with a decree of divorce. There were numerous adulteries, spiritual adultery of Israel against God over and over again to the northern the northern kingdom, and God issues a divorce certificate to them. The fact that God divorced Israel is a really big deal if you want to say that no divorce under any circumstances is okay, which is the view of some of the proponents that I'm dealing with in today's video. So that's a third reason. Now, it's important to know why, why this is an exception. And it's because persistent adultery and a refusal to return when asked, so God representing really, I think the heart a Christian should have in their marriage and divorce situations, you know, the spouse committed adultery can persistently and wouldn't repent would not turn so the door was still open. And finally it ends up in divorce. And you might say, but Mike, that's the law. We don't we're not under the law. Well, it's true that we're not under the law, and that Jesus calls us to the highest possible standard. But this isn't the law. Right? This is what God did with Israel, in his illustration of a marriage relationship with them. And so I don't think he did something that was a sinful act in that, and that does factor in the fourth reason why you should look for exceptions is this. The culture of the time of Jesus may have simply assumed that there were exceptions. And he seems to have expected them to assume it. So no, this that, right, the Jewish debate of the time, we can see can give us an example of how they would have assumed it, you know, they would say, okay, the Shema and hilights, they would talk about this issue, and discuss it, and it was sort of a known discussion going on. And so when they hear the phrases of Jesus, you know, no, I reject that view of divorce, they would have been like, obviously, though, you know, the most strict among us are viewing adultery as certainly a cause for divorce. That's just simply how they would understand any rule that was given in the law, they were familiar with understanding the legal requirements and exceptions that were not explicit in those requirements. So this reverses the rule from divorces, by general principle permitted that was the hilight view, two divorces by general principle prohibited, you can in general, not get a divorce morally, you just don't do it. That's the general rule. And this is the rule that applies to most marriages. That's all you really need to know most of you. But there's a lot more we should get into. The fifth reason we should look for exceptions is that Matthew specifically gives us exceptions in the verses I covered Matthew 532. Matthew 99. We'll get there in we'll talk about the debate about the Greek. But there's two passages where Jesus Himself gives us exceptions. And there's good reason to think they would have read that into Jesus's words in Mark and Luke anyways, so it's consistent. Another one is that first Corinthians 715 gives us another exception does number 6/6 reason. I know giving you guys a lot.

Speaker 1  34:31
But this is the long video. First Corinthians 715, which says, but if the unbelieving partner separates, let it be so in such cases, the brother or sister is not enslaved, God has called you to peace. So in the situation where you have a believing partner and an unbelieving partner, and this guy just orderable just once out of the marriage, you can let them go, and you're allowed to be separated and divorced from them. The marriage is over, is over. We'll talk more about that when we get there. There's obviously more debates on that issue. The context of Matthew 528 Number seven. The last reason the context of Matthew 528 shows us that we should take Jesus's teachings with some wisdom. Overall, not only are there some exceptions that Jesus has with even the rules he gives, and they need to be taken with wisdom as principles. But Matthew five in particular, goes on to say, a lot of other things that, you know, you can't just take, you know, as a wooden hard, exception, less rule. So Matthew five, he says, is a harsh black and white, right? If you lust after a woman, you've committed adultery with her in your heart, but but nobody takes this as strictly as they take the marriage passage in Matthew five. Because if so, every spouse has lusted after someone they're not married to, and therefore every divorce is now justified. We can't consistently take Jesus's words that way, we take it with some wisdom. So these points are really important. All these seven points I've brought up, and they really impact my understanding of Jesus's words and Mark and Luke. It's not a reckless, hey, we have exceptions, let's just do what we want, but rather to careful trying to follow the text trying to understand Jesus in context. So the conclusion is this, Luke and Mark give the general rule or principle, the principle doesn't rule out all possible exceptions, but it's still the general rule and applies to most situations. Given the nature of Jesus's sayings in the gospels, that is exactly how we should take it. Further exceptions are going to be supplied by both Jesus and Paul and God's actions with Israel in the Old Testament. And Jesus is more concerned with the rule than the principal or the exceptions. And here's a major issue. We should be too though this video will do a lot with exceptions, because it's a complicated issue. My concern, whenever I encounter any marriage, or in my own marriage, is to be more concerned with the rule. Love your spouse, self sacrificially, unilaterally honor Christ in that relationship, whether they are or not, and seek to keep that marriage together, if possible. That's the general rule. And I wouldn't obsess over that issue. I'll add other exceptions later. And other reasons for exceptions. As I talk about things like should second marriages be broken up? We'll get into that. But before we get into a verse by verse treatment, on the relevant passages, starting with Mark, I want to just offer this overview of all four gospels, they all have one thing in common that I think is important, they all account, not just divorce as adultery but divorce coupled with remarriage as adultery. And I think this emphasis is deliberate, because there are countless marriages, where the reason why the divorce went through, in all reality, right, not the cause of why they were thinking about it. But the reason why they pulled the trigger, I'm going to get a divorce is because they found someone else, a co worker, a friend, they started giving me they would become a confidant, they start talking to them, they start really leaning on them, and then they no longer feel their need for their spouse. And whether they get married to that person or they just try to keep them in that little emotional place in their life. That really is a cause of a lot of divorces, a cause of people just finally giving up because they have somebody else to fill the gap. And that is something I think Jesus is specifically saying that's adulterous, when you get out of your marriage, because somebody else is fulfilling the spouse role for you. That is a cause so many issues. So many marriages, so many marriages fall apart, that we need to be very aware of that. It just seems common to me that women and men, they're finally ready to pull the trigger on divorce when they find at least a potential mate in someone else. And that means that that kind of divorce is driven by adulterous motives. And the first step in marriage recovery is going to be maybe pastoral here is going to be this cut off. Anybody who's replacing the love that your spouse is supposed to give you. You need to cut them out of your life, or you won't even think clearly about the issue of your own marriage. No flirtations, none of it, you have to forsake all others. And that doesn't mean there aren't exceptions where you're going to still need to get a divorce. But that's the starting point. You won't even think clearly right now. Now, let's go verse by verse. next section is this, we're going to deal with Jesus's teaching on divorce in Mark chapter 10. And since technically, this is like part 34 of my mark series, although it's the most long and in depth part ever, I'm happy to do Mark chapter 10, which is where we're gonna pick up where we left off. So here we are Mark chapter 10. And we'll dig through Jesus's teaching on mark in mark on divorce.

Speaker 1  39:27
He says he left there and went to the region of Judah beyond the Jordan and crowds gathered him again and again, as was his custom he taught them and Pharisees came up. And in order to test him asked, Is it lawful for a man to divorce his wife? Now? This is where I'm going to take the stuff I've done in Deuteronomy and bring it into the understanding of Mark why I say they would just assume that there were other reasons Jesus wasn't mentioning to divorce. And that's because the debate of the Jews wasn't whether or not anyone could ever get divorced. The debate was when was it appropriate To get a divorce, and there was the any matter, get a divorce for any reason you want school Hillel. And then there was the semi school who said only for an chastity. So did the Jews think was a question here as it sounds in English to us? Is the question really like, Is it ever okay to get a divorce? That's not really what they're asking the what they're asking from their perspective as they would think about this question is, which divorces are okay? Like when is it okay to get a divorce? And Jesus is going to reject the any matter of view, which Matthew supplies in Matthew 19. Three, as the context when he says is a lawful divorce once why for any cause, he adds a phrase any cause into the question of the Pharisees. And there's a parallel passage in Matthew. So they're asking Jesus to weigh out on the current debate to test him and maybe get him in trouble with some crowds because it's a it's a controversial topic. And we also will see, to give you another piece of another reason piece of evidence in the case that they're arguing from the debate between the hilights and shimmy. And I'm not by the way, I'm not out on a limb on this. Everybody agrees on this, okay. You know, all the people who study it deeply agree that the Hillel and shamai discussion, that's the backdrop for this question. But to give another clear reason why they're about to quote from Deuteronomy 24 in verse four. So Jesus says, Why did Moses command you? And they said, Moses allowed Amanda writers Certificate of divorce in to send her away. So they're quoting from Deuteronomy 24. They're asking him to comment on the Hillel

Unknown Speaker  41:23
Shema

Speaker 1  41:24
discussion. So this gives weight to hearing Jesus's restriction as commenting on this debate. But Jesus' response will not just be to agree with the semi. Let's look at what he says in verse five. And Jesus said to them, because of your hardness of heart, he wrote you this commandment, but from the beginning of creation, God made them male and female, therefore a man shall leave his father and mother and hold fast to his wife, and the two shall become one flesh. So they are no longer two but one flesh. What therefore God has joined together, let not man separate. So Jesus is like, what did Moses tell you? They go Deuteronomy 24. And he's like, yeah, you kind of missed the whole Genesis one stuff, right? He refers to Genesis 127, Genesis five, two in Genesis 224, to get to the heart of the issue. And the heart of the issue is this. Marriage is God's designed. It's, it's, it's a divine designed by God, about the nature of man and woman, one man, one woman coming together and being married, the two become one flesh, and it's a oneness created by God. Mark 10, nine, he says, right there on your screen, what therefore God has joined together, let not man separate. Now Paul takes this even to another level, when he reveals to us in Ephesians, five, that this is a picture of Christ in the church, that husband and wife is Jesus in the church. So to recklessly think like, Yeah, well, we can you get a divorce, you know, whenever you want, is to just not fundamentally understand what marriage is. We don't appreciate this enough. We often in our struggles in marriage, when we go through them, we think, I'm not happy. Instead of what is this marriage, it's about me being happy, instead of about preserving this incredible, glorious thing that God has given me that he has created and seeing the the holiness of it, and seeing how it pictures Christ in the church, and how it's part of our very nature. It's hard to see this, when we're looking at how someone's acting instead of being reminded of the very nature of marriage, just the nature of your marriage should inspire a change in your behavior towards your spouse, you're not just dealing with their bad attitude, you're dealing with one who you are one with. And you should honor God in that. So I'm going to offer now three principles that we can get so far from what we've done in Mark, here's the principles and I'm gonna be putting principles on screen as we go here. First principle, marriage is a union that God created, therefore, we should keep it together. This is a general rule. second principle, divorce is wrong and shouldn't be done. I mean, that's from Mark, right. We're just we're just getting the data from Mark divorces wrong and shouldn't be done. third principle, divorce coupled with remarriage, is actually adultery. This is this is pretty heavy stuff. And it comes right from the next verse, we get verses we get in Mark. So here we are, verse 10. And in the house, the disciples asked him again about this matter. And he said to them, whoever divorces his wife, and marries another, commits adultery against her, and if she divorces her husband and marries another, commits adultery. So hence, we have our third principle, right? Divorce coupled with remarriage is adultery. Now, I say principle, I don't mean, as you already know, I don't mean like this is a law that must apply to every scenario and situation. But we but it is a principle and we must absorb it as true. We need to allow the weight of this to hit us. These are really big things, these three principles that we've gotten so far. Now, there's not much different in this section here than what we have in say, the Matthew text. That answers the question though, here's something to note. It Some people think Jesus is only talking about protecting women, right? He only wants to say that women. If a man divorces a woman and gets remarried is adultery but he has no comment on a woman getting divorced or the woman divorcing the man. There are some people who tried to point that out. But that's not that doesn't work with the text because in verse 12, it says if she divorces her husband and marries another she commits adultery. So the it applies to both people, it goes both ways women divorcing men was rare. That's true back then. But it could be done. Either if they did the Greek version of divorce, where they just leave. And under Roman law, that's endings into the marriage unilaterally, you don't need permission or anything, or the Jewish version, where a woman could push to try to get her husband, even by the courts to be forced to writing a certificate. So there was a way to do it, it wasn't the easiest thing in the world. So my conclusion so far is about mark, there's a rule or principle that marriage is a union from God, and therefore you should stay married. And that is most

Speaker 1  45:34
that is all that most of us need. Most of us don't need any more information than that. I think you should go back to Scripture. Right now, if you're contemplating divorce, and you start by radically following the Lord's commands to you as a husband, or as a wife, I have a teaching for husbands and wives in the video description that I think you should check out, whichever one applies to you. That's the starting point. That's the beginning place, right value of marriage honoring that seeking to follow Christ unilaterally. But we get a principle Principle number four, that I'll put up divorce. And this is a big deal. This is where Jesus disagrees with the Shema knights, right, this is where he's putting his own thing out there. Divorce does not end the moral obligation of the marriage. This is heavy. Now, I think it's a real divorce. And I'll talk more about that later. But as a general rule, it just doesn't end the moral obligation of the marriage. So reconciliation is to be sought, even after divorce. Even if you're divorced, you should be seeking to reconcile with your spouse if you want to follow the teaching of Jesus. This, again, is where Jesus goes much further than the Shem eitz. And so I don't think he's just siding with them. I think he's providing his own teaching. Divorce doesn't in the moral obligation of the marriage. I think it doesn't the it does in the marriage, but not the moral obligation. That's my how I put all that together. More on that later. Okay, let's let's talk about Luke, let's move over to the section on Luke. This will be shorter Jesus's teaching on divorce in the Gospel of Luke, chapter 16. In Luke 16, verse 18, we read Jesus's words, in the Gospel of Luke, on this topic, and there's very little in Luke, it's just this pretty much this one verse. It says, everyone who divorces his wife, and marries another commits adultery, and he who marries a woman divorced from her husband commits adultery. This seems like a clear cut and dry fact of reality. This is not where our culture would agree. Generally speaking, when a woman or man says I'm getting divorced, everyone rallies around them, they're like you do what you need to do to keep you healthy and strong. And very few people are, are willing to say something like this, Jesus's words would not be welcomed in our culture, but they need to be welcomed in the hearts of Christians, for sure. It's the same principle we talked about earlier, that you get married to stay married. divorce and remarriage in general, is an adulterous thing. Now, they would likely assume some exceptions, Jesus makes an exception clear, and Paul makes another one clear, but the rule is what we need the most, we have to apply the exceptions very carefully. And not too broadly. This is again, I feel especially obligated since I'm teaching you that and we'll teach there's several reasons for divorce. That I must remind you, that most of them won't apply to most of the people watching this video. We ignore the value in nature of marriage, we become callous to our calling as husbands and wives, we rack up excuses, we play the victim, we become blind to our issues, we make their issues as big as possible, we blow them out of proportion.

Speaker 1  48:27
We would rather quit the marriage before ever obeying the radical call of Jesus in some time, in some cases, and this is what we need to get into our hearts. That divorce coupled with remarriage most of the time is adultery a big deal. Let's talk about Matthew five Jesus's teaching on divorce in Matthew chapter five. And here we get the first time where Jesus offers a clear, specific exception to the rule about no divorce and remarriage. Just But I say to you that everyone who divorces his wife, except on the ground of sexual immorality, makes her commit adultery and Whoever marries a divorced woman commits adultery. And now we're gonna get into some of our debates on Does this mean that divorce in and of itself is adultery because the way it's written here? Right, he who divorces her makes her commit adultery? I think not. I mean, you can make a case for this by saying hey, look, the context says everyone who divorces his wife that makes her commit adultery, therefore divorce itself is adulterous. But against this would be a few things. The rest of the context shows that Jesus is thinking of remarriage in view, right, whoever divorces and then Whoever marries a divorced woman commits adultery. So there's remarriage is just assumed and it would be happening in that culture, you get a divorce you you're gonna re marry somebody, you everybody gets married. That's kind of what happens. That's how it works. And there's lots of reasons for that, but their culture, they would all get married, you would have we have way more single people now than they ever had back then. So I think that we should, we should consider this part of a divorce and remarriage coupling. That's the that's the hypothetical. And the result of the of the pro side of the side that says that divorce itself is adultery is that the woman is now guilty of committing adultery even if she's merely the unwilling victim of a divorce. Think about that. That That seems really wacky. So here's another question does this passage Does this mean that divorce doesn't actually work. And now I'll deal with the debate on his divorce ontologically, indissoluble, which means that once you're married, literally nothing can break the marriage, not even a proper divorce, not even a justified divorce, like nothing will break this marriage so that if this person is still alive, for the rest of your life, we're still married to them, no matter what happens next. I think that this is wrong. But I'll offer the case for it. Here's the case for it. The case of for the unbreakable ality of marriage, or the idea that marriage can never end is one of the I mean, this is this is a big deal to some people, the Catholic Church says so that is probably the strongest thing if you if you're Catholic in particular, then you'd think this is a really big deal. Or another way to put it would be Hey, well, that's what a lot of the Church Fathers thought I'll cover the Church Fathers later. But it does seem that this was a progressive development historically, and a mistranslation may have may have contributed to this. In Ephesians, 532. Jerome translates a discussion about marriage, Paul talks about marriage, and it's a profound mystery in Ephesians 532. But Jerome translates this as a sacrament, in not a not a mystery, but a sacrament and so that he starts to change the understanding. Slowly, it progressed over years, to the idea that marriage is the sort of unbreakable thing, it just can't end except by death. And I'm not sure what other reasons there are, it seems to me that most of the reasons for thinking marriage is utterly unbreakable. Like even even with a divorce, even with a justified divorce, you're still married to the other person. I don't see any good biblical reasons for it. It's all historical analysis. Now, here's some reasons not to think that Jesus did not say, you cannot what God has joined together, you cannot separate he says, what God has joined together, let not man separate. I mean, this implies that men can separate it. Jesus also affirmed in his discussion in john four with the woman at the well, that she had had five husbands. He says, You have five have had five husbands and the man you have now is not your husband, which means a couple things for one.

Speaker 1  52:21
The guy she's with now, even though they're sleeping together, they're not married. So sleeping doesn't make marriage, you know, sex doesn't make marriage, but also that she'd had five husbands he seems to affirm that she had five husbands that he doesn't say you you've had one husband and for adultery, adulterous pretend marriages. Also God divorcing Israel implies that it can really happen God divorced Israel in the Old Testament. So the implication is that that's like an ontological reality, like this thing can actually happen in First Corinthians seven, where Paul says that the believing spouses is not bound. In such cases where the unbeliever wants to leave, this makes a lot more sense, marriage can actually be ended. Otherwise, of course, they're still bound, doesn't matter if they leave doesn't matter what happens. It's unbreakable. The exception in Matthew right where we are now Matthew 532, except on the ground of sexual immorality. Well, the fact that there's an exception means that there that a justified divorce must actually break the marriage, if nothing else, then the affirmation in Deuteronomy that we read earlier, Deuteronomy 24, that a woman cannot return to her first husband after re marrying a second husband. But if the second marriage was invalid, and the first husband is still her husband, why on earth can she come back to her husband? It wouldn't make sense. I'm not saying that we're under the law of Deuteronomy. I'm saying that. Deuteronomy doesn't make any sense. On that theory, like even in the context of ancient Israel, it makes no sense if marriage can't be broken. So what does it mean? It means then that divorce does actually work. It separates you from your spouse, like every I think every divorce works, every divorce is real divorce. But this is this is this was our What was it? principle? Three. Back there, it is principle for divorce doesn't in the moral obligation of the marriage. And that's why I worded that way. It's not just me, Jay Adams, in his book on this topic, he says the same thing. And I think that I think it's accurate, I think it's a good way to harmonize and understand what's going on here in the different texts. Divorce is real, it actually ends the marriage, but it doesn't in the moral obligation to reunite the marriage because of the nature of of what God has done. So I think that that gives us a better understanding. Let's talk now about a topic that comes in Matthew five and in Matthew 19, about Jesus's exception to the rule. Jesus has specific exception here is except on the ground of sexual immorality, and there's a whole debate amongst scholars and theologians on what did Jesus mean by sexual immorality? Now, the Greek word here is pornea. And that may sound familiar. You may be like, wait a minute, we get our English word pornography from that porn from that, and that's absolutely true. We do. But the Greek word doesn't mean what the English word means. Don't think that 2000 years later, we have an English word that sounds similar that they mean the same thing. The question we have to ask here is, what on earth did Jesus mean for except on the ground of sexual immorality? What did he mean? And there are five options, five options that are given for what this word means. And I'm gonna go through all five of them. First, I'll just overview them, okay, I'm just gonna talk you through all five real quick so you can get a good like survey of the landscape. And then I'm gonna go through them one at a time to try to help us understand what the exception is because hey, this is important. Maybe you're thinking, I think I have a legitimate grounds for divorce. But what does Jesus mean by sexual immorality? So one option is thinking that it's only during engagement, that sexual immorality refers to premarital sex that that couples engaged and let's say the guy, he goes out, and he sleeps with somebody, the girl goes out and sleeps with somebody before they get married. They then you find out about this, you cut off the engagement. That's one argument.

Speaker 1  55:49
Another option number two is that it's incest that pornea specifically refers to incest, in which case, Jesus isn't really saying, you can get a divorce if you've married a relative, he's just effectively saying like that marriage never should have been anyways, you're kind of annoying the marriage, it's an invalid marriage to start with. So that's some people's view. pornea means incest. A third view is that sexual immorality or pornea? It refers to specifically adultery, in the sense of natural physical intercourse with someone of the opposite sex while you're married to someone else at the opposite sex, right? So I've got, you know, if I cheated on my wife, and I actually slept with some woman, God forbid, then that would be considered adultery very strict, very, like, full scope of the term adultery. Fourth view is that it's spiritual adultery, or apostasy. There are people who put this view forward. I know it sounds wacky to most of us, so that like if you have like an ungodly partner, then you can divorce them. It's spiritual adultery. And there's, you know, the Old Testament talks about adultery in that sense. And then five, the fifth one is that pornea and this is my view, of course, is that a pornea is an umbrella view for sexual sin. It's a term that refers to all kinds of sexual sin. It's a very generic term. If it's done in the context of marriage, it's adultery, if it's done in the context of singleness, it's, it's it's not adulterous, but it's still sexual immorality. So that adultery is one of the things that fits under the term cornea. But it's only one of them. All right, now we're going to go through the debate. Okay, definition one, let's, let's imagine, you want to make this case, how would you make the case? And then how would we refute it? So definition, one is that pornea, Jesus is an exception for divorce only refers to sexual violation of an engagement, such as sleeping with someone other than the person you're engaged to. And it's mutually exclusive to adultery while in marriage so that even if your spouse sleeps around, you can't divorce them, that would be this view. Now, how do people make a case for this view? They say, oh, Matthew, Matthew has the exception. And we don't seem to Mark and Luke is because Matthew is trying to give us justification for why Joseph was going to divorce Mary.

Speaker 1  57:54
So in Jewish context, the Jews did require a divorce to stop an engagement, you actually had to get a divorce to stop an engagement. But they would say this is this is what Matthew is doing. He's saying, look, this is why you know, it was okay for Joseph to divorce marry, or at least he planned on it. And that was a righteous thing, according to the text. And that's okay, because it was pornea. She had in his mind, he thought she had committed sexual immorality. Now, this depends on isolating the meaning of pornea to this, but this is totally unsustainable. I mean, this just utterly falls apart when you actually look at the usage of the term pornea. In various texts in the Bible, and out of the Bible at the time, it completely fails. Now, the view that this is referring to, you know, premarital sex during engagement, that view is utterly refuted by a number of things in the Scripture, number one pornea. The term is used in a variety of ways in the Bible. in First Corinthians five one, it's talking about incest. You know, in Jude, verse seven is talking about homosexuality. And I know there's a debate on that, but it is that's what it's talking about. pornea is talking about adultery in the Septuagint, or the Greek translation of the Old Testament that many of the gospel authors were familiar with. In Jeremiah 32. It talks about adultery and calls it pornea in Jeremiah 36, talks about adultery and calls it pornea. Also, in Ezekiel 1623, Hosea two three and verse five, Amos 717, is not referring to pre marital fornication is referring to adultery in those places. A third reason to reject the, the the engagement view would be that Jesus uses the term in the context of a question about marriage and divorce, not engagement and breaking off engagement with a divorce. It relates to two Old Testament texts that he even is referring to, and they're referring to that are about divorce after marriage, not anything that happens during an engagement period. And so, there's the Old Testament context of the verses that are being quoted. Also, third reason to reject that view. The debate of the day wasn't about engagement. It was about marriage. So not only there the Old Testament texts about marriage and divorce, the debate And the question Jesus weighs in on is about marriage and divorce, not engagement and divorce. And number four, God divorced Israel for fornication. So this view would say that God did something wrong. In Jeremiah three, when he divorces Israel for fornication. They weren't just be tros, there was a marriage there. In the analogy of Scripture, a fifth and final reason to reject this engagement hypothesis comes from a non canonical book called C rack. And it's in chapter two verses 22 and 23, where it accuses someone of committing adultery by fornication. Now, the terminology there in the Greek is really interesting, because it, it calls, it says committed adultery by pornea. So that pornea is a umbrella sexual sin that causes adultery. Why? Because you were married when you did it. And that's, of course, my view on on it, which I'll get to in a minute. So the second definition we'll cover is this, we've ruled out the engagement hypothesis, it's that pornea is just incest. And so it basically means and this is, by the way, this is the position taken by Roman Catholic scholars, this is the, the position they're going to defend is the most common amongst them. And they're going to say that, basically, look, if you marry your sister, then the marriage is invalid, and they get a normant, an invalid marriage. So that's the only time you can separate from someone you've married, is you find out that you're your close relatives. And so then you have to separate Of course, now, to try to build a case for this, they'll say that Leviticus 18 in the Jewish context, Leviticus 18, in the law, it specifically restricts marriage from happening between relatives, you can't draw near to your, your, your father's daughter, your sister, your mother, your mother's sister, that kind of thing. It's relatives can't get married together. That's the idea. And they're like this connects Jesus is exception to a specific Old Testament rule. And that is kind of one of the reasons that they build this case. Another one is they say first Corinthians chapter five, verse one, refers to this as pornea incest. It's actually reported that there is sexual immorality porneia among you, and other kind that is not tolerated even among the pagans, for a man has his father's wife. So they say, Look, pornea is incest. And I'll will argue against that in just a minute. But I'll leave it up for you guys to kind of ponder on. Now in Leviticus 18. Against this view, there's several things Leviticus 18 it never uses the word porneia. And that's the whole point. The whole argument here is that that's what pornea means. Not just that that's something you can't do. So ancient and modern audience, audiences would, well, ancient audiences would never make this connection. Modern audiences should never make this connection. And this is just ignored by people who hold this view, at least the ones I've read. They they point out Leviticus 18, but they don't even acknowledge the Greek for pornea is never there in the text. So the connection is completely broken. The first Corinthians five passage, it doesn't say that all pornea or sexual immorality, incest, it rather refers to insist as a kind of pornea. Right? Yeah, this is this sexual immorality among you is of a kind that's not even tolerated among the pagans, for a man has his father's wife. So this is this is just an umbrella term. It's a kind of sexual immorality. porn is also in the in the text I've shared with you already. But there's more. It's often used of other issues unrelated to incest, not only in the New Testament, but in the Old Testament as well, in the Greek translation of the Old Testament that was around the first century. They, they use the word pornea, to refer to all sorts of things other than incest. So there's just no real grounding for this view. It's unlikely, actually, that a Jew like Paul or or Jesus would even consider an incestuous relationship as a proper marriage, meaning that the divorce certificate wasn't even needed, in this case, so much as like a kind of annulment. So none of it fits. It's a very forced theory, because the Catholic Church has a particular doctrine of divorce and remarriage. And so they're coming up with theories to support it. The third definition for pornea that I also disagree with is that it just means adultery, no more and no less than full adultery. And the pro for this the reason to support this view is that it can mean that like that's a possible meaning for the term pornea could mean adultery, against this view, are several things. In the Greek there is a word for that. There's a word that simply in always means adultery. And that is the word micaiah micaiah. And that's not the word Jesus used. He used the word if you know pornea, except for sexual immorality. And when he talks about adultery, later, he uses the word more micaiah. Matthew already actually in Matthew 515 19. He uses both words together.

Speaker 1  1:04:27
Why is this significant? Because if pornea just means adultery, then you wouldn't use both words together like this. Four out of the heart Come evil thoughts, murder, adultery, and sexual immorality, theft fault, false witness slander, but if if porneia sexual immorality here if that means adultery, why does it also say adultery, so they're not just synonyms or so it seems to me then we get to the fourth definition. This one I think is probably the worst one, as far as it just not having any grounding, and that is that you can divorce someone for spiritual adultery or apostasy See, you're backsliding, that kind of thing. And this is not only is there nothing to support this view, except for saying, well, adult really is used symbolically in the Old Testament. That's That's it. It's not that it's you symbolically with Jesus in the gospels, it's just you symbolically somewhere else. But against this view, against this view is the idea that Paul actually teaches in First Corinthians seven to remain with an unbeliever and make the marriage work not to divorce them. So the original audience, they never would have thought this, they never would have thought spiritual adultery was a cause for divorce. So we're left with our fifth definition, which I think is the accurate one, that pornea is an umbrella term for sexual immorality, which could refer to any kind of sin during marriage that is of a sexual nature. It can also refer to those same sins while you're not married. It's an umbrella term. So it can refer to any of those kinds of things. Now, I think that this seems like the correct view. I think it harmonizes all the uses of the word. And most interestingly, the sirak verse I quoted earlier that says committed adultery by pornea, by fornication, and it also allows us to ask a new question. Why did Jesus say pornea? Instead of my qL? Or my Qa? Why did he say, you know, sexual immorality instead of adultery? And I think it's because of this. If he said, adultery and not porn, it then it would be difficult to know what to do with beasty reality, or if a husband had raped his wife violently. I mean, all rape is, so if your husband had raped his wife, or someone cheats with homosexual or lesbian encounters outside of their marriage, and or does things that are adulterous, but less than intercourse, right, their sexual immoral, but they're not exactly intercourse with somebody else. But by giving us pornea as the excuse instead of adultery. Jesus is opening up bestiality, rape, homosexual encounters less than intercourse, but truly sexual immoral behavior. It's a little bit more broad than the term adultery. Now, if you want more on this, which you probably don't, but if you do, da Carson has a commentary on Matthew, where he goes through a lot of these in detail more detail than I've given you. He concludes, and I'll quote him now, it seems best then to permit both pornea and the exception clause to retain their normal force. Jesus is then saying that divorce and remarriage always involves evil, but as Moses permitted it, because of the hardness of men's hearts, so also does he but now on the sole grounds of pornea, or sexual sin of any sort of any sort. Now I'm going to talk briefly before we gather our principles that we've just got from this extensive survey here, debate of the debate on Matthew five. I want to talk about john Piper's view, because john Piper is a very influential pastor, Pastor I love and I love so much of the stuff he shares. This is done with respect, but I think he's incorrect. Now, I have linked his his paper where he talks about his position paper, his position on the topic of divorce and remarriage. And in that paper, he gives his opinion of Matthew 532. So I'll bring it up again. Just to make sure we're all on the same page here in Matthew 532. But I say to you that everyone who divorces his wife, except on the ground of sexual morality makes her commit adultery and Whoever marries a divorced woman commits adultery. Now, this is taken to mean that she's made to commit adultery, only if she hasn't already been doing it. That's john Piper's view. So then it's no exception at all. It's merely an observation. Hey, like, if you divorce her, and she's already been committing sexual immorality, well, then you don't make her commit adultery.

Speaker 1  1:08:27
Right? I mean, and now that's neat, like, neat as it fits, you can take Jesus a statement that way, there's a few problems with this view. One of them is going to be that it doesn't work with Matthew 19. Like once you get to Matthew 19. And you see how Jesus says the same kind of thing in a totally different way, you realize that you can't carry this view thoroughly through. And this kind of shows you that that's not what Jesus meant. But I want to quote to you what Craig keener says about, he doesn't refer to john Piper, but about that view that john Piper holds, and the view that others also share. He says some interpretations of the passage argue that this exception is not actually an exception at all. One writer proposes that the clause just means that a woman is not being caused to commit adultery by being remarried in the case of immorality, because she's already committed adultery. The problem with this proposal is that it is simply too ingenious. Where it correct, there would be little reason to state the exception clause to begin with, since it would not add anything to the statement. And if one wish to make such a point, it's peculiar, that the point would be stated in such a manner that so few other interpreters throughout history could have caught it. And that's from Craig keeners book and Mary's another, which is linked below as well, just as john Piper's article is, so not to mention, this is the original audience in the context of the debate and the question that was asked would never take Jesus's exception clause to mean, you know, you know, she's not an adulterous, she's not he doesn't make her an adulterer, because she's already committed adultery like that just would never be taken this way. And like I said before, you can't take Matthew 19 nine that way, which is why when Piper gets to Matthew 99 he just, he never tries to harmonize his understanding of 532 with my 399, in my opinion, it just doesn't work together. So Matthew 532 is, is giving us an exception, which now we can say as a principle, sexual sin can justify divorce. And because of the way the exception clause is written, which we'll come to later, more sexual sin can justify a remarriage. Now, here's what this does. This makes me want to go back and change our principles that we have had before. I want to change them in accord with Jesus with the full teaching of Jesus. So principles two, three, and four can be qualified slightly. Divorce as a general rule is wrong and shouldn't be done. Divorce, that is unjustified, coupled with remarriage is actually adultery and divorce that is unjustified doesn't end the moral obligation of the marriage. So now we've got that, that qualification from Jesus's own lips, that, you know, a justified marriage does allow for divorce does allow for remarriage. The next passage though Matthew 19 is of the Gospels, the most important one, I think it's the most extensive passage, and it is Jesus's teaching in divorce, on divorce in Matthew chapter 19. So here in verse three, it says, The Pharisees came up to him and tested him, I'll put it on your screen as well tested him by asking Is it lawful for a man of his lawful to divorce one's wife for any cause? And of course, that phrase, any cause is a trigger word, we know what that means is the hilight position that you can do worse for any reason you want. That's the fuller context, helps us see what the original audience saw. It's a question about divorce for any reason, and Jesus utterly rejects it. And it is, of course, the majority of modern divorces. They fit that bill. The point here is, there's strong confirmation already, in the Matthew 19 passage, that all of Jesus's statements of divorce have the backdrop of the debate on Deuteronomy 24. And it's about it's about the exception of when divorce is okay, not just whether any divorce can ever happen under any conditions. It's really a rejection of any matter divorces or divorces,

Speaker 1  1:12:11
without justification. Verse four says any answered, have you not read, that he who created them from the beginning made them male and female and said, therefore a man shall leave his father and his mother and hold fast to his wife, and the two shall become one flesh? So they are no longer two, but one flesh? What therefore God has joined together, let not man separate, same thing that we get from the Gospel of Mark. They said to him, Why then, did did Moses command want to give a certificate of divorce and send her away? And this is great, because this is the question we asked to write well, the way if the worst is just generally wrong, why? Why is the law written like that? And verse eight, he says, because of the hardness of your heart, Moses allowed you to divorce your wives, but from the beginning was not so and I say to you, whoever divorces his wife, except for sexual immorality, and marries another commits adultery. So don't get divorced. Right, what what God has joined together, let not man separate. That's the general rule. That's the overarching concern of Jesus. And that not the exception should be our main focus. I should obsess over the nature of marriage, not the reasons for divorce, although today's study is going to be doing that as well, because at some point, you got to talk about it. So the natural question they asked, Why did Moses allow it he says, because you have hard hearts, you were permitted to divorce, it was regulating a bad thing. But it wasn't the ideal. It wasn't giving you here's your ideal that you could just divorce because of whatever reasons you come up with. The point is this, the permission of the law of Moses to divorce doesn't imply the rightness of divorce. This takes the whole discussion away from Deuteronomy 24. And this is the second place where I'll say Jesus is not siding with the shimming Heights or with hardly anybody of his time. He's not offering sexual immorality of it as his interpretation, I think of Deuteronomy 24. Instead, what he's doing is he's saying that he wants to go above their debate. He wants to go to the heart of marriage. He wants to go to Genesis and understanding the very concept of the oneness of man and woman and say, Hey, don't get a divorce, general rule, and if you do and remarry, another is generally adultery. He does offer the exceptions and it's important that we have those but that's the point. That's where he differs from the shimmy. Okay, then in verse nine, Jesus says the hotly debated and contested thing here, which is, I say to you, whoever divorces his wife, except for sexual immorality, and marries another commits adultery. This exception here's the important thing that we all need to swallow is the exception not only allows for divorce, it allows for remarriage. And there is a lot of debate and discussion on that topic. What I will say is da Carson's commentary, which I've linked below, on Matthew is helpful here. it evaluates various interpretations, and I think it shows why they fail.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:50
Why

Speaker 1  1:14:51
other options where they go, it's not really an exception for this reason, or the exception applies to divorce, but not remarriage. I think that they fail. The short version is this. It fits Greek Well, the Greek when you combine Matthew five and Matthew 19, the two ways Jesus says it differently in both passages, there's really, you know, it's a lot easier to just take the Greek as it is. The exception applies to both the marriage and divorce and the remarriage that they're both permitted. remarriage is permitted in the case of a justified divorce is the point is that this is definitely the majority position. among scholars, the exception applies to the divorce and the new marriage, that's the majority position, it also fits the culture, this is what all the Jews would have thought, any valid divorce allowed for remarriage. So if you were going to say that divorce is valid, then you're going to say the remarriage is also valid, they all would have assumed that unless they were very specifically told otherwise. So I did, like I said, I'll link that below if you want more information from da Carson's work. So what's implied in this, though, is that any divorce for an unjustified reason or any other reason, is not allowing remarriage. And this is the general rule. And this is, of course, what would disagree with even the shimming if they even if they thought you shouldn't got divorced, they never would have said, it's immoral for you to marry someone else. Now, like, that's not the way they would have reacted. The disciples they flip out a bit, and it helps us see how harsh this hits them and their culture. The disciples said to him, If such is the case of a man with his wife, it is better not to marry. But he said to them, not everyone can receive the same but only those to whom it is given. So they're like, Look, I always shouldn't even get married. And Jesus is like, if you don't wanna get married, don't get married, go ahead. Then he says, For there are eunuchs who have been so from birth. I'll put this on the screen for you. There are Unix who've been so from birth, and there are Unix who have been made Unix by men and there are Unix who made themselves Unix for the sake of the kingdom of heaven. That's a person who chooses singleness deliberately, we're not talking about castrating themselves. He's talking about just being single, let the one who is able to receive this receive it. This, these are like strong words from Jesus. He's showing a few things. For one in their culture. Did you know this that infertility was grounds for divorce, even amongst the Shema, guys, it is that if you were married to someone, and after a period of up to 10 years, you still couldn't have kids, they expected you to actually get a divorce and marry someone else. So you can procreate because they viewed this be fruitful and multiply as an obligation for every single human. Jesus is here showing us that the command to be fruitful and multiply, it doesn't apply to every individual in that sense. It's probably applied to humankind in general. And, hey, we've done a pretty good job at being fruitful and multiplying. But if having kids isn't such a binding command, because you can voluntarily stay single for the kingdom of heaven, then you can't get divorced for infertility. So that takes off another thing that they would have thought of as an appropriate cause for divorce. So, conclusion here might give us some conclusions. You can only divorce for sexual sin. That's the general rule and one exception given to it. The nature of marriage is a bond created by God, which man ought not to separate. And if you don't like it, don't get married. That's a real option. You think you know what I don't be stuck in a bad marriage I'm not happy with well then don't get married. You're maybe you shouldn't anyway. So you know, if that's your situation Jesus is that's perfectly fine. which gives us Principle number seven. Staying single to better serve the Lord is a good option. It's a good option. Now I want to talk about Matthew 19. And how I disagree with some, some others. Some other interpreters on this passage, again, john Piper, who I mentioned, because I respect him, and because he influences a lot of people. His position paper, he says, Matthew 19, verses 10 through 12. And I'm quoting Piper now teaches that special grace is given by God to Christ disciples to sustain them in singleness when they renounce a marriage according to the law of Christ. Because john Piper teaches that you can't get remarried, even after a divorce, even if they're even if they committed adultery, you can't get remarried, you're going to be single the rest of your life. And he takes Matthews, verses night, Chapter 19, verses 10 through 12 as evidence for this, so, right, hey, it's better for men not to get married. And Jesus says, well, not only not everyone can can accept it, but only to those to whom it has given.

Speaker 1  1:19:03
He takes this to mean if you get divorced and have to stay single, because you're not allowed to remarry anybody else, then special is given to you. But this is complete. This is again, it's where in all honesty, I'm just disappointed in the exegetical treatment of the texts like the Bible study tactics or techniques. Because this is just being forced to fit with his current view about marriage and divorce. It's clear that this is about staying single all of your life it's not about getting divorced and then staying single afterwards. This is why if such is the case, it's better to not marry. The disciples are not complaining about getting divorced and then staying that way. They're worried about being stuck in a bad marriage. That's their concern. So singleness is isn't the complaint here. It's the solution to the problem of being stuck in their idea of an unhappy marriage. They They not only fear, they fear a bad marriage. Excuse me, not singleness. They're not scared of just being single. So what loss is there if one can divorce but not remarried compared to singleness like this is this isn't even a risk Oh, go ahead and get married and then you know if they come adultery Alicia get divorced and then you just stay single, seamless would be the solution. So I think the jump Piper's position. This is one of the areas where you see if you follow Him, you see where his exegesis of the passage of those three verses is just it just doesn't fit the text at all. Another scholar, Gordon win him who's a very well respected and he's written a book I've linked below as well as contributed to another book I linked below the three views book. He says that one of the reasons why I would be wrong in my understanding that the exception allows for a remarriage in the case of a justified divorce, he would say I'm wrong on that, is because the exception is only found in the Gospel of Matthew. And I'm not kidding. This is like one of his strong arguments against interpreting it that way is, hey, it's only a Matthew. So now, Matthew is being made to conflict with Mark and Luke. But when you understand the background debate of the of the Hillel and shaming these different groups, then it makes a lot more sense to see how they would have naturally understood that there were that it was a rejection of the any matter of position of the hilights School, it wasn't necessarily a rejection of every possible reason for divorce. And so once you realize that you go, Okay, hold on. Matthew and Luke aren't contradictory to the original audience, they would have, they would have married perfectly well, Mark, Luke, Matthew, all of them. Now, we're going to go on now to Romans seven, because Romans seven is one of the key passages to people, I've had people in me just telling people that I was going to do this study this extensive exhaustive study on this topic, I was rebuked by one person who was I don't know, don't care, but review by one person, because they said that on the fact that I was going to study it so much with just like proof that I wasn't letting scripture speak. And the reason was Romans seven, Romans seven clearly makes it just makes it so obvious that if your spouse is alive, you cannot get a divorce, get remarried, nothing like as long as they're alive. You must stay faithful to them. And I would I will echo now the words of one of my old teachers, Carl westerlund, who said, It shocked me when he said it. Romans seven isn't about divorce at all. And I was like, What? robots? But it seems so clear. And the truth is, I was reading it with my preconceived notions, instead of looking at it in context, which is what we're going to do now. Romans seven, he says, or do you not know brothers, for I'm speaking to those who know the law, that the law is binding on a person only as long as he lives. Now, the context Paul is giving us is this, that, that, under under the law, we all sin, we all fall short, we're all going to die and be judged. But there's a limit to the law, and it's when you die is no longer applies to you. And now verse two, he explains, for a woman, a married woman is bound by law to her husband while he lives but if her husband dies, she's released from the law of marriage. Accordingly, she will be called an adulterous if she lives with another man, while her husband is alive. But if her husband dies, she's free from that law. And if she marries another man, she's not an adulterous. So this seems clear, right? Like her husband, if he's alive. She goes with another man, it's verse four. Likewise, my brothers, you also have died to the law through the body of Christ, so that you may belong to another team who has been raised from the dead in order that we may bear fruit for God, for while we were living in our flesh, our sinful passions, aroused by the law, we're at work in our members to bear fruit for death. And then he goes on. We're released from the law now. And so we live, we live according to Christ. Now I'm dead to the law, and I'm alive under Christ. And just like the law, the death of a spouse breaks the marriage.

Speaker 1  1:23:31
So my death in Christ to the law, break my connection to the law, I'm now justify walking in the grace that he's given me and all that cool stuff. Now, here's the thing. This is if you look carefully at Romans, this is not a teaching on marriage. He's not even addressing any marriage questions like he is in First Corinthians seven. It's an analogy. The analogy Paul gives in Romans seven is that marriage ends at death. And so you're dead to the law. And marriage to another is allowed if your spouse dies. And so you are now married to Christ. And so that's that's the the context of Romans six. Paul's not at all dealing with divorce. He's not intending to comment on divorce. It's an analogy. Now, being a teacher, I give analogies all the time. And sometimes people want to, like focus on the analogy and blow it out of proportion as though I'm teaching about the analogy. Instead of using the analogy to teach about something else. If you're a teacher, you know what I mean, right? You give an illustration, they're not meant to be analyzed, like a nitpick at, that's just not the intention. You often state things very, very broadly and with with with little detail in the case of an analogy, because you're making a very specific point. So this works well with the idea that a divorce can still into marriage and allow for remarriage if it's justified if it's proper, it works perfectly well that way and it's good. Paul seems to teach in First Corinthians seven and it's clearly what Jesus says to Jesus teaches in Matthew five and Matthew 19. So the phrase While his husband still lives in Romans seven, it just assumes that no divorce has happened. It's her husband that still living but if they're divorced, is he her husband? No. But divorce is not in question here. It's assuming that they're married, and that her husband, still her husband is still alive. So just a successful or legitimate divorce just has no place in Romans seven. I'll give you some more proof. If this is a teaching on marriage being unbreakable under any circumstances, it's odd. Because Paul is not talking about divorce here, but an unhindered marriage. It just doesn't fit the context for what people are using it for the divorce can't be broken. That disagrees with lots of other things in Scripture that I've already mentioned. And because of Paul appeals to the law, and the law offers, think of this is his illustration is the law. And the law of the Old Testament actually offers legitimate divorce as grounds for re marrying somebody else. So what is Paul talking about them, they're actually making Paul disagree with the law, and saying that he's doing it in the name of the law. And that means you must be interpreting Paul wrong. Paul's just giving an analogy. The this terminology was used in marriage certificates, too. So we can actually go to ancient history stuff, and we can get help with this. in marriage certificates, they would say that you you can't marry another while your husband lives. But they didn't think it meant. Even if you get divorced, they never thought it meant that. So let me give you some examples. This is a marriage certificate that David has done Brewer talks about in his first Corinthians seven article dealing with marriage pyaare. It says, and it shall not be lawful for for liscus to bring in any other wife, but apollonia, nor to keep a concubine or boy nor to have children by any other woman while apollonia lives. Now, if you took it out of context, you would think that this marriage certificate means that divorce is impossible. It's just how they talked about marriage. If your husband's alive, you don't get remarried to anybody else, these things are still binding. But divorce was considered a way of ending that contract. There's more, and I'll link that below as well in the Tyndale archive comm website. Also, there's a Damascus document, really interesting document and in column 421, it mentions that it's wrong to take two wives in their lifetimes. Now this again, ignores divorce. It's just speaking of polygamy. And that is the understanding of the Damascus document. Now it's in I'll link that below as well. And it's talking about simply polygamy issues. You can't take two wives in the life of their other. And all these examples, assume that divorce hasn't happened. And that's all that Romans seven is doing. The examples of ignoring the possibility of divorce, rather than ruling it out, is what we're seeing. Ignoring the possibility of divorce, ignoring the consideration of divorce is not ruling out divorce as a possibility. And that's important, because as we get to First Corinthians later on, it's going to become even more obvious. So the conclusion is this Romans seven has no bearing on divorce, but it does give us a principle about marriage. And the principle is, if your spouse dies, you're free to marry and other. If your spouse dies, you're free to marry another. It also seems to rule out polygamy since it doesn't make any sense if polygamy is like an actual thing. But we're focused on on other issues today. So we'll talk about

Speaker 1  1:28:16
that. Paul's teaching in First Corinthians seven. Now we're going to dig into a new section Paul's teaching on First Corinthians chapter seven. This is a hotly debated chapter. And it gets it's long and it gets a little bit complicated. I'm going to try to make it as succinct as I can, which will be not terribly succinct, because this video is meant to be the exhaustive teaching, if you want to short teaching, there'll be another video in the description. That'll be the short one. For Corinthians seven, verses 10 through 16. In particular, that's what we're going to cruise through right now. He says to the married I give this charge, not I but the Lord. That means he's talking he's he's quoting Jesus are referring to Jesus's teaching. The wife should not separate from her husband, but if she does, she should remain unmarried, or else be reconciled to her husband and the husband should not divorce his wife. Now, when we say these words separate, and then divorce down here, what are we talking about? Well, in the Roman world, it was the same thing in their Roman Greek context. If you separated like if you physically left your spouse, that was a divorce, you could divorce without a certificate, you could divorce unilaterally one man or woman, either one could just leave or, or if you own the house, you kick them out. And that's the end of the marriage. So when when Paul says he shouldn't separate from your husband, he's saying divorce. He's saying, You leave you in the marriage by leaving and he says you shouldn't do this. It actually seems like this might have been fairly common at the time. And here's here's one quote from the time from the first century at a funeral inscription which said uncommon, our marriages which lasts so long brought to an end by death, not broken apart by divorce for it was at our happy lot that it should be prolonged to the 41st year without estrangement. So they're they're rejoicing in how long their marriage lasted. Seneca, who was a first century philosopher, he complained that in his Greek world, that Greek and Roman I mean their Greek culture with their Romans. He complained that there are women who do not number their years by console's by husbands, they divorce to marry, and they married to divorce. So we don't know exactly how common it was. But it's a complaint. And it comes from different sources in the first century, that it seems like it was a pretty common thing. And when Paul writes, to the Corinthians in particular, they're in a situation where it seems like they're divorcing because they think it's more spiritual to be single, and so and to not have any kind of relations physically. And this is asceticism, creeping its way into the church and Paul's like, No, no, don't do that. You're married, stay married, like, Don't separate from your husband. And if you do, you know, get reconciled. And the same goes for the husband. So verses 10 through 11. This is about a theoretical marriage, where both are Christians. Let me be clear, Paul's giving advice to Christians, he's saying Christians, here's your rule, don't cause divorce. That's the rule. It's, it's active. In both cases, the wife is the one causing, it should not separate. And then the husband's the one causing it should not divorce his wife. So don't cause divorce. It's no mention here of what to do with the other spouse leaves you. There's no advice to what what if you were the one that was left? Paul doesn't mention that he will come to that later. In a Christian marriage, you just want to keep it together? I mean, that's the bottom line. So it seems to us to assume that they're going to listen, Paul, just as soon as the Christians are going to hear him and hear Jesus on this topic, that they're going to follow through that they're going to come back to their spouse, there's an assumption there. Now, what if they don't want listen? What if your spouse left you? And the instruction is for them to come back? But they don't listen? What do you do, then we'll come out, come to that later. This is based on Jesus's teaching in the gospels, as we can see. And because of that, I would say obviously, divorce still can occur if there's adultery, at least in the case of you know, sexual immorality. But it's not required in that case, and restoration can still happen. But here we go, here's Principle number nine and put it up on the screen, are you the cause of an unjustified divorce, stay single, or be reconciled? Many of you may be watching or in this situation, you divorced and it wasn't justified. And your options are stay single, which means you can't start relationship with somebody else. And or be reconciled. In fact, that's the preference go be reconciled. Is it possible to be reconciled? There will be other exceptions. But that's the general rule.

Speaker 1  1:32:29
That's not to say that if you didn't cause the divorce, you're automatically free. But that's the instruction to the one who caused it. in First Corinthians chapter seven, verses 12 through 16. Paul offers an exception Jesus never talked about, and it is very influential on my understanding of when someone can get a divorce. And how do we expand those exceptions to appropriate situations? Verse 12, let's look at it now. Verse 12, it says here, to the rest, I say, Now, he talked to Christian husbands married to Christian wives and all that. But now he says, to the rest, I say I not the Lord. And all that means is that he has no teaching from Jesus directly on this, but he still feels he can weigh in on it as an anointed apostle. And he says that if any brother has a wife, who has an unbeliever, and she consents to live with him, he should not divorce her. If any woman has a husband, who's an unbeliever, and he consents to live with her, she should not divorce him, for the unbelieving husband is made holy because of his wife. And the unbelieving wife is made holy because of her husband, otherwise, your children would be unclean, but as it is, they are holy. But if the unbelieving partner separates, look at this, if the unbelieving partner separates, let it be so in such cases, the brother or sister is not enslaved, God has called you to peace, or for how do you know, wife? Whether you will save your husband? Or how do you know husband, whether you will save your wife? Let's walk through this now. And as we understand this exception, I think it gives us a much fuller understanding of the topic. And it is my personal view that when you look at all of what Scripture says about any topic, you get this really full orb teaching that applies to the complexity of life. And here, this is part of that orb, or being the full or bifurcation that we need when we approach the topic of marriage and divorce. So verses 12 through 16. It basically says like, you're in a marriage where one of us an unbeliever, the Christian, in principle is to stay committed, unless the unbelieving spouse gets a divorce, or is, you know, wanting that divorce, they're choosing to divorce. It was possible back in the day, as I said earlier, for one spouse to just unilaterally just leave without the consent of the other or to kick them out. That was possible. I'm sure they could try to argue against it and all that stuff, but it could happen. So which means this is about what to do, generally, just when one spouse is like I'm out of here. I'm out. The question I want to ask though, is this. Why is everything different when it's an unbeliever, who's not willing? To stay with you. I mean, if you took Jesus's word as a strict, hard rule, and you didn't think there were any exceptions, even if you thought the Matthew sexual immorality exception was there, but there were no other exceptions that you can't even think of a situation in life where, okay, that's an exception, then, then Paul can't say what he's saying here. But, but for some reason, he says, if it's an unbeliever, and they want to leave you, that's an exception to the general rule of keeping marriages together. And the question is, why an unbeliever? What's unique about an unbeliever? How does this make sense? And there are a couple options, possible principles. And I'm going to go with the second one, but I'll share the first one with you. One is, and some people think this, that a marriage to an unbeliever is just like inherently, less binding than a marriage to a Christian. This problematic for a couple reasons. For one, Jesus shows that marriage starts in the garden, right? And it's part of God's creation. And it's a it's a thing with mankind. It's not a thing with believers. It's just something about humans that God has made us to become one flesh. And no, in no place, do we see that non believers being married to non believers is less binding or the you know, like kin to non believers get divorced more easily is that the rule? No, this is definitely not the case. This just doesn't work. And the second possible principle that we're getting is that a person who's beyond the influence of the gospel or church discipline, who is unwilling to continue in a marriage with a believer, that's an exception. And this principle to me, this seems to be the rule that Paul is actually laying out. He's like, hey, earlier on, if you're a Christian, stay married, if you separate get back together, you know, this is the general rule. There's an exception. Jesus talked about sexual immorality. But what if one of the spouses one of them leaves, and they won't listen to Jesus, and they won't listen to Paul, and they won't listen to the church? Well, they're an unbeliever. And so if they're leaving, and they want, there's no hope of recovery, because of the situation of them not listening to Christ or the church, then it's an exception, you're not you're not bound in that to that marriage anymore. So if they do get a divorce, here's a new question. Can they get married to someone else? If you're in this situation does does this not enslaved? I'll put it up again here for you. Does this phrase by Paul, this brothers sisters not enslaved? Does that mean that they can marry a new person that can marry someone other than their original spouse? So is it allowing not only divorce, but also remarriage?

Speaker 1  1:37:25
Is the question. Now some people are against this, they're against this. And it has to do with the phrase not enslaved? What does it mean? And so let me make the case against remarriage here. And then I'll build a case for it. So I can bring you along in the debate. Again, this is the exhausting long video, I know. The short video will come eventually. And maybe that's what you want to wait for. But I think that some of us need to know these debates. And we need to know the right answers and hear them thoughtfully. So again, there's a video out there so you can bounce around below. below the screen here, there's a in the description. So you can bounce around to the spots you need the most. But here's the debate on what not enslaved means in First Corinthians 715. And does it allow you to get remarried, if your unbelieving partner wants to leave. So those against my view that it lets you get remarried, they say the phrase not in bondage or not enslaved, that phrase could just be referring to not being bound to the spouse, and therefore being able to divorce but not permission to marry someone else. So it's like a, it's a very specialized use of not bound. But this is unlikely, right? If unilateral divorce is the thing, then that means in which it was in Rome, in Roman times. So what that means is that it's they're being given permission to let the person leave. But you can't stop them anyways, like if your spouse left you in ancient Rome, you couldn't stop them. It wasn't like, with the Jewish man in Palestine, you know, in ancient Israel, where the guy could say, I refuse to give you a divorce certificate, and the wife's like, but I just want to leave and he's like, no, I refuse a woman, you know, when the Roman culture could just leave, and he had no control over it. So then it means that you're not in bondage means like, you have permission to not keep them there when you couldn't keep them there anyways, it just doesn't make any sense. It actually turns the phrase not enslaved into like a nonsense thing that has no impact on the people. Another argument that when Paul says the believer is not enslaved, or not bound, that that this does not free them for remarriage is a Greek argument. So it has to do with the word Paul uses here in this text, he says not enslaved. And that is doula Oh is the root, the root, the lexical form of the word doula, which is which is to be enslaved? That's always that strong word enslaved here, like in the ESV. But Paul, usually when he's talking about marriage and separation, or divorce and remarriage, he uses the word daioh are the root word daio and different different uses of that word. So this is this at first caught me off, right, because I went home and I check and I go, yeah, yeah, you know, Paul, Does usually say do for marriage and divorce. He uses that in that context. And but here he says doula, which is a much stronger word. And he says they're not enslaved. So the problem is, that's a neat observation, but the application of the observation is unjustified. The application is what what does it mean, then? It just means they're not enslaved to what pursue restoration of the marriage. They're not enslaved to they can't keep them there because they can unilaterally divorce. So that's not even the thing. So all of a sudden, Paul's phrase, not enslaved means almost nothing. It means almost nothing. So here's some things against that view reasons why I think when Paul says the brothers, brothers, sisters, not enslaved, it means that they can get married to whoever else they want, as long as they're believers. That's the rule for Christians, right? doula Oh, is used according to Wayne grudem. And I have his word link below as well. Do a lot Oh is used in some extra biblical text to refer to divorce. So you can't just say that doula doesn't have in its range of use the issue of divorce because it does, at least in some texts, in ancient Greek, though, it's not in Scripture in that way, but they're still speaking Greek. They're not screaming speaking scripture Greek like they can only use the words the way they're used, you know, in the Old Testament, or something. Also, against that view, is the strangeness of the view, right. So now you're allowed to violate your vows and your obligations, to take care of and love and provide for that person. You're continually allowed to violate those that you're allowed to do. But you're still obligated to the marriage. I don't understand this category of it's okay to be divorced. But But you don't have to get back together. It's like not necessary to even try. That doesn't really make sense. This category is unheard of into Jews and Romans, they never would have thought something like this existed. So yeah, that's another strike against the no remarriage view in First Corinthians 715. Is that the ruling means nothing, because saying you're not enslaved under that terminology with that interpretation. It doesn't change anything because it was unilateral divorce. Another strike against this is the meaning doula Okay, dado is what you would maybe you'd expect Paul to write the believer is not do they're not bound to the marriage anymore. Now they're free to remarry. That's what Paul talks about in Romans and later on in First Corinthians seven when he says that if a woman's husband dies, she's not bound. She's not dayo.

Speaker 1  1:42:27
Okay, that's true. But, but here's the thing. doula Oh, is a stronger version of binding. Right? They always like you're bound. You're attached to one another, like, contractually. But doula Oh, is an even stronger thing. He's not only saying you're not dayo, he's saying you're not doula. Oh, you're not enslaved. In other words, the proponents of the no remarriage view in First Corinthians 715 are effectively saying, You're not enslaved, but you're still bound. And that's their understanding their handling of the Greek. I don't think this fits with just a common sense view of First Corinthians seven. If you're not enslaved, what are you bound? Hey, Mom, good news. I'm not enslaved anymore. Oh, that's great. So you're still bound? Right? Like, nobody would think this. It's natural to say if you're not enslaved, what are you, you know it free, you are free. If you're not if the brothers not enslaved, if the sisters not enslaved, then she's free. From what from the marriage, that's what she's free from, and therefore free to marry another in Jewish and Roman divorce certificates. The concept of being free from your spouse, freedom from them, means that you're free to marry another. It always means that in Paul, it means that as well here in the US and Romans seven, he uses the concept of free from your spouse, meaning that you're free to marry another. I think that any ambiguity about doula o and de o should be solved by how the original audience would hear it. And I don't think any original audience would hear and go, well, you're not enslaved, but you're still bound. Like I don't think anybody would would think that. Craig keener points out that Jewish and Roman divorce certificates actually use the phrase free that's to simply mean free to marry another in his book, which is linked below. keener says the following. I'll quote it to you. The ancient Jewish marriage contracts we have found agree, in the context of divorce free meant precisely that a woman was free to remarry and meant nothing else than this. If Paul meant that remarriage was not permitted. He said precisely the opposite of what he meant. No first century reader would have derived the meaning that some modern scholars have read into Paul's words, perhaps, because no first century reader felt that Jesus's general teaching was meant to apply to every specific case. That's page 61 in his book and marries another, and I think that that's a really strong point against the no remarriage view. There's also no mention of staying unmarried. Right in verse 11. He says, Hey, if you're a Christian and you leave your spouse, just stay on married or get remarried. But here, he doesn't qualify in his instructions to the believer. Who has an unbeliever who wants to depart? He doesn't say and stay unmarried. So I think that unless he says it, then we would assume the other is true. In some Jewish texts, actually, divorce was likened to emancipation from slavery, because of the similar wording and procedure for both. And the this is important because the argument against remarriage is like saying, hey, the word enslaved, doesn't relate to marriage. So this isn't really about, you know, being separated from your marriage obligations from that person. But in Jewish thinking, marriage and slavery, were conceptually related. Now, this doesn't mean they thought marriage was slavery, okay? That's not what they're saying. They didn't have, like, we get triggered by all these types of terms in our culture. So we don't really think sometimes even clearly about them. They felt fine, connecting the two. And you can read about that Indian stone brewers book, he has tons of really interesting insights about that kind of thing. So not under bondage in the context of chapter seven are not enslaved, it seems to refer to not being bound to the marriage. This this we see in other places in chapter seven, verse 27. Are you bound to a wife do not seek to be free? Are you free from a wife do not seek a wife so bound and free that the concept of bound and free though the words are not necessarily do Lola, doula doula Oh, is do there. But the idea of freedom is connected to remarriage or being able to be at least able to marry another. In verse 39, we get the same thing a wife is bound her husband as long as he lives, but if her husband dies, she's free to be married to whom she wishes only in the Lord. That's actually the way it was written in the in the certificates, the Jewish ones, they said, You're free to marry whoever you want, as long as they're Jewish. That's what they would say. And so contextually it fits what Paul is saying. And then it leaves us with one question. I meant to put them on the screen for you guys. There it is. Now you've been able to read it very carefully. Sorry, you got a Bible?

Unknown Speaker  1:46:54
You can look it up.

Speaker 1  1:46:56
Why does Paul then use the more extreme word doula Oh, instead of the more common for marriage and divorce do? Why does it use doula Oh, and I think this gets to the heart of the issue. Maybe because being bound to a marriage, where somebody wants to reject you, wants to separate from you, and wants to cut off the marriage as somebody who will not listen to the church who will not listen to Jesus, and who will not heed the instructions of God, being bound to that kind of marriage is more like slavery than the normal marriage relationship. And Paul's like, I'm not calling you to that situation. God's not calling you to that situation where you are enslaved ultimately to your spouse. That is not the calling. That I think is why he's using a lot of the stronger word enslaved as opposed to do. So there's a major point here, I'm saying remarriage for a second exception that Jesus never mentioned, is morally permissible, based on the interpretation I've just given in First Corinthians seven. You can remarry when you have this obstinate person who doesn't want to be with you, and they're not subject to Jesus in the church. So let's talk a little bit about this additional exception. Additional exception, because this affects us in a lot of ways. First off, we'll just point out that in verse 12, First Corinthians seven, I mentioned this briefly earlier, but Paul introduced this as not the Lord but I,

Unknown Speaker  1:48:24
verse 12, there it is. to the rest, I say not not AI, or AI, not the Lord.

Speaker 1  1:48:32
You know, then he goes on to say, like, yeah, you can have a divorce, and you're free to remarry in this scenario. Now, here's what's really interesting, this is important, right? Paul offers an instruction to apply to the lives of Christians. But it's a scenario Jesus never dealt with at all. And Paul felt like he had the ability to read an additional exception, because he it seems assumed that Jesus is strict rule wasn't meant to apply to every conceivable scenario. That is huge. He did not see Jesus's teaching as applicable directly to the scenario in hand, it required another decision from another source. This means guys, that the strict view of Jesus on marriage doesn't actually work. the strictest view applies Jesus's comments on marriage to any and all circumstances with no qualifications, right. But Paul doesn't even do this. He saw a circumstance that was unique, and it was not addressed by the general rule Jesus gave. And so he brings an instruction under the inspiration of the spirit for the church. Here's the point. Here's the point here, me here because this is a big deal. And it took me a long time to get to this point. I mean, in my own studies, and my own research and thought and prayer on this stuff, if there's a situation that is unique, that is just unique, it's just strange and weird like this one, we can have an implicit permission to approach it without the strictest view on marriage that some take, we can say. Jesus's rule is the general rule, but this situation seems different. So we need to consider it individually. I think this gives us real space for divorce, not only with for the opposite unbeliever who doesn't want to be married, but for things like abuse or other extreme and you know life we get weird, crazy situations that people are in that you're like, man, I don't think Jesus had that in mind when he was giving this rule. And and I think this gives us space for those types of things. Okay, so here's some principles, principles that we've gathered. Now, if an unbeliever Principle number 10, if an unbeliever wants, I don't know why I wrote that way, if the unbeliever wants to leave the believer or just leaves them, the believer may allow it and be free to remarry. If they want to leave or just just leaves them, they can allow it and be free to remarry. Can we assume that attempts at reconciliation are made? Of course we can't because you're Christian? Can we assume that that you're you're trying to pick up your cross and follow Jesus that you're turning the cheek? You're forgiving? You're doing all those things? Yes. Right. But if they want to leave, then you can come to this point, then principle 11. Jesus's rule has exceptions not explicitly mentioned, therefore we can be open to new circumstances. That's huge. That is a really big deal. And I think that it's the whole teaching of Scripture on the topic. So let's ask a new question. The new question is this. Let's say that I'm a Christian, and I'm married to a Christian. Is there any scenario where I can treat that Christian, as a non Christian? Or put it this way? When can a Christian spouse be treated like a non Christian and then covered by first Corinthians 715. And I think it can happen, and I'm gonna build a case for it now. So can the unbeliever situation be properly applied to other situations like a believer who abandons their spouse, or is unwilling to stay married. And there's a few things I'll point out here one is going to be Dr. Wayne grudem. Wayne grudem, recently changed his stance on divorce and remarriage. And he wrote about it in a paper called tremor, the name of the paper I haven't linked below, but it's something like exceptions, why I now believe there's more than two about marriage and divorce. It's something like that, man. Anyway, it's a link below, you guys can check it, the exact title escapes me. But it gets into a lot of Greek stuff. And I'll let you read his paper, I'll say this, that summaries of his paper can actually miss some of the nuance he's actually trying to get at. And when I first heard summaries of it, I thought, No, that sounds kind of weak. But as you read the paper more carefully, and thoughtfully, you realize he's, it's more careful and thoughtful. Basically, it goes like this, the phrase in First Corinthians 715, and I'm gonna put it on the screen for you.

Speaker 1  1:52:41
In such cases, this is a Greek phrase. And, and this might sound like a little deal to people, but it it's, it's, it's made thoughtfully is that last word cases is plural, in such cases. And basically, I'm going to try to summarize as best I can Dr. Graham's work here. He says, if if Paul wrote, in such a case, it would mean only in this exact circumstances, the brother is not enslaved in the exact circumstance of an unbeliever, who's going to separate, then you're not enslaved, you can get remarried, whatever. But Paul wrote in such cases, and that is a different Greek phrase that has specific meaning when you would use the plural there. And what it means is that Paul is gonna he's open to extending these, this instruction to things that are like this other situations that you say, yeah, this is kind of like that. Right? These are exception, exceptional circumstances. Now, he builds this case pretty strongly, he surveys hundreds of years of literature to find every time that this exact phrase in such cases is used and the Greek and he shows you know that it's a category, it's not just an instance, it's not just when an unbeliever leaves, it's rather or things like that. So my conservative view of it is this, I would not use when grooms case, to allow for more exceptions by itself. I think it's not enough information by itself. I do, however, think that I have several reasons I'm about to share with you on why you can extend other exceptions into, you know, proper justification for divorce. And I think that when groom's case helps strengthen that it adds weight to this case, because well, because what I'm about to share with you right now, and that is that there are clear teachings in the Scripture, that sometimes believers are to be treated as unbelievers, whether they're genuine believers or not is irrelevant. They're at least proclaiming they're believers, and they're to be treated as if they're unbelievers. And if that's the case, then the first Corinthians seven passage can be applied to a situation where both parties claim to be Christian, but one of them wants to depart and the innocent party can be free from that marriage. And here's the circumstance where that's the case. Matthew chapter eight, Now in Matthew 18, Jesus talks about a circumstance where a believer can be treated as an unbeliever. And we'll actually start in verse 15. He says, if your brother sins against you, go and tell him his fault between you and him alone. Step one. If he listens to you, you've gained your brother. So seek reconciliation, you confront them. But if he does not, listen, take one or two others along with you that every charge may be established by the evidence of two or three witnesses. So that now you bring others with you, you bring a friend, you bring your dad, your brother, your sister, you bring their dad or something, you know, you bring other people now use wisdom, to try to confront them about the sin issues. These are obviously major sin issues. This isn't like they just hurt your feelings. Then verse 17, if you refuses to listen to them, tell it to the church. So then we get like, local body discipline, confronting going on, hey, you've been abusing your wife, and we're confronting you. And we're going to bring this to you. Now. In that case, I've actually called the police In addition, but if he refuses to listen to them, tell it to the church. And if he refuses to listen, even to the church, let him be to you as a Gentile and a tax collector.

Unknown Speaker  1:56:07
So

Speaker 1  1:56:08
this is a situation of church discipline, where a person who is proclaiming they're a Christian, because they won't listen to Jesus, and they won't listen to the church, they're to be treated as a non Christian. Paul talks about this as well. In an effort to keep this video from becoming 18 hours long, I won't cover it in detail. But in First Corinthians chapter five, the entire chapter is about church discipline, and treating a sinning unbeliever, who will not repent, whose it's gross in its serious sin and he will not repent, you will now treat him as a non believer. Let me give you one more verse that strengthens this case, and it ties it directly to marriage, First Timothy five, eight.

Speaker 1  1:56:49
But if anyone does not provide for his relatives, and especially for the members of his house, he has denied the faith. And he's what He's worse than an unbeliever. So here we have, I mean, if a guy's doing this, and he won't say that, the husband's starving you want to provide for his own family, and then the wife's like, going to the church and like, hey, help me help me here. If he keeps if you won't listen to her to the body. He's to be treated as an unbeliever. That's the bottom line. So let me let me break this down how this actually works in real life. Like what do you do? Step by step. Okay. It goes like this step one, you have a you have a Christian spouse who wants to divorce the claim they're Christian and they want to divorce you. Step one, you deal with your own issues. First, you get the plank out of your eye, you do Galatians six, one. You know, if anyone's caught in a transgression, you who are spiritual, restore such a one in the spirit of gentleness, keeping watch on yourselves, lest you to be tempted. So you deal with yourself first. First thing you do is you use it with bitterness, anger, resentment, desire for harm, or malice towards the other person, use it with all that stuff between you and the Lord. And you can come, you're open and honest and repentant. If you've been contributing sin into the situation. That's your first step, step two, you work with your spouse, you go to them, hey, let's work on this, hey, let's, I want to offer forgiveness for this. But I need to see, I need to see you making differences, making changes, you know, I want to stay married, I want to stay together, and you try to work with your spouse. And step three, it won't work you bring in one or two others Christians to try to help bring the pressure of Christian Christian commitment to them. If that doesn't work, you involve the local church. Step Four. If that doesn't work, leaders agree he has to be or she is to be treated as an unbeliever. And now first Corinthians 715 applies there beyond Jesus's lordship beyond the church's influence, major attempts at reconciliation have been made, they want to divorce, they can divorce you, and you are now free to marry another. I think that's a consistent interpretation of Scripture. Does this conflict with First Corinthians seven verses 1011? If we look at those before, some would say there's a conflict I'm creating here. He says to the married I give this charge, not I but the Lord the wife should not separate from her husband. But if she does she should remain unmarried or else be reconciled her husband and the husband should not divorce his wife. No, actually here in First Corinthians 710 and 11. It's the husband and the wife who are being given instructions. But what if they don't listen? What if the wife who's separated won't listen to husband who's leaving his wife won't listen? Well, then they can eventually be treated as an unbeliever and be covered by 715. What do you do? If the local church won't help you? You can't they won't do church discipline they won't get involved or they won't listen. I think you do the best you can you try to take those steps and do the best you can you walk with wisdom get counsel, and you may still end up having to treat them as an unbeliever depending on the scenario. How much time has to go by? I'm not gonna answer that question. How much time has to go by before you could look at getting remarried? Or look at building another relationship? I don't know how to answer that question. Every situation is so different. So God give you wisdom. And what if you want to wait, but if they've left you, but you're like, I just want to stay single and wait and I'm hoping for restoration that God bless you. That's a great thing. Go for it. You're not enslaved though. That's your choice. You're not enslaved, it's a choice you're making. It's not being forced upon you. I just wouldn't put it as a requirement. So this leads us to principle 12. In our long list of principles, biblical principles, the rule for unbelievers can be applied to proclaimed believers, if they can be biblically treated as unbelievers, doesn't mean they are unbelievers, it means that we are allowed to treat them as such. I think this is good Bible study my opinion. So let me go to the next question. Next question is this and we're gonna hit the What about now? Okay, I've, I've still more in First Corinthians seven. But we're going to start to really, nuts and bolts. Now we've heard so much theology and so much scripture and historical insights and Greek stuff. Now we're going to ask about life, right? practical life application. What about abuse or extreme situations?

Speaker 1  2:00:53
First, let me say this, the answer I'm getting right now does not apply in most situations. It doesn't apply to most marriages, please guard your heart, it's easy to fake that you're abused or to get a victim mentality where you after you decided you want to divorce, all of a sudden, you have this radically distorted, you know, retelling of the story. And we don't want to do that right. And but I can't control that. And I also don't want to victimize the abused to avoid people doing that. So I'm not going to do that. We are called as Christians to turn the other cheek to forgive 70 times seven to to be gracious and, and loving and kind and to just go the extra mile. But we are not called to just sit there and stay in a marriage of abuse, my 13th principle, and I'm going to tell you the principle first this time, and then I'll give you biblical reasons for it. Radical danger or harm, justifies separation and divorce, radical danger, or harm. it justifies not only separation, but also divorce. Now, I'm going to give you a number of examples in the Scripture, and then show you how to apply that to divorce examples where any kind of radical harm or danger it justifies, generally speaking, breaking rules. So I know it sounds this is this is potentially abused what I'm about to tell you, but I think it's very true. Let's go to Matthew 12, verse three, Jesus, you know, we know the rule, the Old Testament, like you, maybe you know this, right? You don't need to show bread, the show bread is for the temple, and it's for the priests only that only they can eat it. But in Matthew 12, three, Jesus says something where there was an exception to that rule. And he says, Have you not read when David what David did when he was hungry, and those who were with him, how he entered the house of God, and He ate the bread of the presence, which is not lawful for him to eat, nor for those who are with him, but only for the priests. So the principle seems to be, well, David's life is in danger. He's being chased by Saul, he needs food to continue on his journey and save his own life. And Jesus seems to be approving of his eating of the showbread. But there's a law against it, because this is an exception to that law. There's a lot of other examples of these types of things. Matthew 12, verses five through seven, we'll just scroll down a bit. Jesus talks about this in the Sabbath. Or have you not read in the law how on the Sabbath, the priests of the temple profane the Sabbath and are guiltless, right because they're laboring in the temple on the Sabbath. This is interesting, isn't it way, the profane, but they're guiltless. And then he goes on to explain that the principle they didn't understand. He says, I tell you something greater than the temple is here. And if you had known what this means, I desire mercy and not sacrifice, you would not have condemned the guiltless. For the Son of Man is Lord of the Sabbath. When a woman or or husband it does, it's not as often common, but it does happen when a woman leaves or flees, or guy because of abuse of themselves or of the children. And they have to get out of Dodge, to tell them that they are required to stay faithful to that marriage and to not divorce and to stick with that person. I think it condemns the guiltless. And I think that it's violating the God desires, mercy, not sacrifice principle. So if you're saving someone or your healing life, like when you're gonna give another example here, same chapter, Matthew 12, verses 11 and 12. violating the Sabbath, so to speak, and in us at least their view of the Sabbath. They're overly strict view of the Sabbath, just like some people's view of marriage. Matthew 1211, it says, which one of you has a sheep? If it falls into a pit on the Sabbath, we'll take hold of it and lift it out. And of course, they would they would all have done that. Then he goes on to say, of how much more value is the man than the sheep? So is it is lawful to do good on the Sabbath? Yeah, yeah. Don't work on the Sabbath, but you can do good on the Sabbath. There's some great good deed that needs to be done. Well, it is good to encourage a woman to depart from a seriously abusive situation or man or or kids for that matter. That General good.

Speaker 1  2:05:02
So unless you're saving or healing life, right, then you can then you have a new exception. The exception here is about human life and human health. And that's what the abuse issue is all about. Can someone depart a marriage? When there's abuse like that going on? There's more examples. We've already talked about some of these, right? But in Luke 18, Jesus is like, hey, Honor your father and mother. But in Luke 14, he's like, you have to hate your father, your mother? Well, he doesn't mean actually hate, but he's like saying, yeah, it would be perceived as dishonouring them, but the greater rule is following me, not them. Were to obey government. But in Acts they disobey the government, and they keep preaching Jesus anyways, because there's a there's a general rule obey the government, but there are exceptions to that rule that are appropriate. You're not to eat unclean food in the Scripture, but Ezekiel, he was directly told to eat unclean food by God. So if you have a direct instruction, you follow that you're not to fail gavel gathering on the Sabbath in the Old Testament, but if you're ceremonially unclean, you can't gather on the Sabbath. So there's an exception to a rule, your respect your husband, right, except if you know, if your husband's plotting to murder somebody you would, you would naturally go against that. Abigail, the story of Nepal, she seems to disrespect and go behind her husband's back. But she's, she's lauded for it, she actually saves his life and the lives of her servants by doing it. And so saving life seems to be a general exception to lots of rules. There's all kinds of other stuff we could look at. Yes, all kinds of other examples I could give your to turn the other cheek and take up the cross. But Jesus also says in Matthew 23, if they persecute you flee. Well, that's not exactly turning the other cheek. Yeah. But that's because you got to have some wisdom here. That's why. And again, finally, to get to where we are today, you're not to divorce except for adultery, I would say, unless essential health is at risk. After all. This is the commonality among so many examples of exceptions to the rule in the Bible, and from the mouth of Jesus. It alone doesn't answer all the questions. But there's a principle that we can say, we can obey this principle with wisdom. When life is at stake, when when serious health concerns are at stake. Yes, you can get out of Dodge, you could flee, you could hide you could do whatever you need to do. Jesus's instruction in the Scripture is based on getting the heart of marriage. Therefore, we can evaluate his instruction as a principle about the heart of marriage, not an unbending law that doesn't allow for exceptions. Jesus does this with other issues like the Sabbath. And Paul offers an exception, Jesus offers multiple exceptions, we can extend that to abuse, I think easily. So just put it another way, Jesus has similar understanding of exceptions for life or health when understanding the heart of the Sabbath or other laws, it seems to indicate that there's at least room for considering that the same kind of exceptions would exist in Jesus's teaching on the topic of marriage. It's consistent with Jesus, it's consistent with the Old Testament, it's how Jews at the time would have applied it. Right. According to Instone, Brewer and Craig Keener, the Jews of the time would have assumed there were exceptions to any rule that Jesus had given, they would just assume there's other exceptions. And it's consistent with compassion. And probably, perhaps that's what Paul meant when he says, We're not enslaved. We're not talking about making marriage a slavery situation. It's not meant to be that. And so in such cases, where marriage is becoming slavery, we are not enslaved. So if you new question, if you divorce for abuse or extreme situations, can you get remarried? Can you get remarried to someone else? Can we extend from separation to remarriage? And I think there are several possibilities for this, so I'm going to offer them to you three, one, we could say that abuse destroys the relationship just like sexual immorality does. And there is I think there's legitimacy to that, especially if it's sexual abuse. You know, adultery has ruined the marriage has destroyed it fundamentally. And so abuse can fundamentally destroys that may perhaps be one way to validate that. Another thing is that

Speaker 1  2:09:03
if we just get the principle that a justified divorce always allows for remarriage, which seems to be the case in First Corinthians 715. And even with the words of Jesus, he was arguing against unjustified divorce. And I would say any justified divorce properly justified would allow for remarriage. And I think that that alone is a strong, a strong case. Another thing we could say to allow people who separated a divorce, for abuse, to remarry under biblical principles with Christian truth is to say that the abuse of the spouse is the equivalent of the first Corinthians 715 situation. So reminding you now first Corinthians 715. If the unbeliever is not willing to stay with you, then you're not enslaved. You're not bound to the marriage, you're free. How is abuse like that? Well, let me offer you and it should be obvious, I think, but basically this the separation that's caused by the abuse is a separation of the marriage. It isn't the fault of the abuser. In that sense, it's the same as First Corinthians 715. If this person departs from you, it's on them, they've departed, then you're not enslaved. Well, if they drive you away with abusive behavior, and you have to flee, then it's on them. And if they are then unwilling to submit to Christ and repent, submit to the church, then they can be treated as an unbeliever. So they're an unbeliever who's caused the separation between you. To me it's a similar situation is first Corinthians 715. So we get principle 14. Any behavior, causing proper separation? Can if reconciliations refused by the offenders continue to act properly lead to divorce, because this is in effect, the same as First, the first Corinthians 715 scenario, and it's a long one. This means it would lead to divorce and remarriage. That's the bottom line. That's the bottom line. Right now, I'm just going to plow through the rest of the teaching in First Corinthians seven on this topic. And if you're watching this video straight through, then I'm amazed at you and wonder if you're even able to still retain information. It's not meant to be viewed in one sitting. But at any rate, here we go. Other quick insights from First Corinthians chapter seven, let's go to the passage. And don't Don't worry, I will summarize all these principles again at the end of the video to just bring us all back onto the same page. But I'm going to do full diligence here. So first Corinthians 717. Here it says, only let each person lead the life that the Lord has assigned him to and to which God has called him. This is my rule in all the churches, was anyone at the time of his call already circumcised? This is about when you get saved, were you already circumcised? You're living like a Jew, let him not seek to remove the marks of circumcision? Was anyone at the time of his call uncircumcised, let him not seek circumcision. Like just live it out, you want to your fault, you were under the law before keep following it fine. You weren't don't. For neither circumcision counts for anything, nor uncircumcision. But keeping the commandments of God. Each one should remain in the condition in which he was called, where you called, where you bond, serve Him and called, don't be concerned about it. But if you can gain your freedom, avail yourself of the opportunity, for he who is called in the Lord as a bondservant is a freed man of the Lord. Likewise, He who is free when he is called, is a bondservant of Christ, you were bought with the price do not become Vaughn servants of men. So brothers, and this is his big his point. He's named a bunch of examples. Then he says, look, whatever condition each was called, let him remain there, let him remain with God. Now he applies that to marriage. Now concerning the botros, or the unmarried people, he says, I have no command from the Lord, but I give my judgment as one who by the Lord's mercy is trustworthy. He's the question here is should single people get married or not? And that's kind of the thing that Paul's addressing, and of course, they're leaning towards No, Paul's gonna get a careful answer. And he says, Now, concerning the botros, I've no command from the Lord, but I give judgment as one who by the Lord's mercy is trustworthy. When he speaks of the Lord's mercy. Paul means his apostolic calling. So this is still authoritative scripture, verse 26, I think that in view of the present distress, it is good for a person to remain as he is, are you bound to a wife, don't seek to be free, are you free from a wife, do not seek a wife. And this is a verse we're going to talk about in a little more detail. But if you do marry, you have not sinned. And if a botros woman marries, she has not sent those who, who marry will have worldly troubles. And I would spare you that. What is meant by free from a wife, this is he mean, if you're divorced, you can just you can get married to somebody else. So there's three options of what he means here, and I'm gonna labor this because my interpretations don't actually depend on it. But when he could mean free means never married or free means you know, are you free from wife, meaning you're single, you're never married, that fits the context. He's talking about the truth or are unmarried people.

Speaker 1  2:13:55
So that that kind of work. But free is actually in the Greek the word free there is loosed. Loose has to do with being released from something and so it's a little bit weird. To translate it free actually. second possibility is that free means any divorce. This fits the word loose, like are you divorced from a wife? Don't don't don't seek a wife, you know, but if you're married, you haven't said is that what Paul's saying? Well against this is that actually violates the command of Jesus, that you're not free. If you're divorced, you're not always free to go marry somebody else. Divorce doesn't inherently for you. So I think violates Jesus and it violates what Paul was saying earlier in First Corinthians seven. So there's a third option and I lean this way is that when he says, Are you free from a wife, don't seek a wife, but if you do marry, you have not sin. Is it It could be that it means anybody who's actually free from a previous relationship by valid divorce, not invalid divorce or immoral divorce, but by valid divorce. or a person who's never been married, it could refer to that, that would fit the word if it's the overall teaching of Jesus. And Paul, it doesn't change anything about our theology, I wouldn't be basing my teaching off that interpretation. But yeah, so I leaned towards three, the strike against that was, you know, the next verse, but if you do marry, you've not seen an ephah botros woman marries, she's not sinned. That implies that the first person, if you marry is a botros, there's someone who's engaged. And almost every young person was already engaged at that point, they get engaged very, very young, and years later would get married, their parents were arranging marriages. But some interpreters say that the phrase botros woman shouldn't actually be botros woman, it should just say, botros. So then they interpreted as verse 28, Paul saying, if you are divorced, rightly, and you get married, it's okay. But if you are, and if you are patrolled or engaged, and you get married, it's also okay, you can do it. Anyway, that's a whole nother debate. The principle here though, is is is this if if you take my interpretation of Paul there, anyone properly free from a marriage is also free to remarry if they choose. But this is already true from the principles we've gathered earlier. So with or without first Corinthians seven, this is true, it follows from Jesus's teaching and Paul's. So yeah, but it is a principle I'm gonna hold to, with or without my interpretation of First Corinthians seven. Alright, let's plow through the rest of First Corinthians seven, we really just want to get to the very end of it. For what it says about death of a spouse. This is what I mean brothers, that the appointed time is very short. From now on, let those who have wives live as though they had none. And those who mourn as though they were not mourning and those who rejoice as though they were not rejoicing, and those who buy as though they had no goods, and those who deal with the world as though they had no dealings with it. For the present form of this world is passing away. I want you to be free from anxieties, the unmarried man is anxious about the things of the Lord how to pleases how to please the Lord, but the married man is anxious about worldly things, how to please his wife, and his interest are divided. And the unmarried or botros woman is anxious about how the about the things of the Lord, how to be holy and body and spirit, but the married woman is anxious about worldly things, how to please her husband, I say this for your own benefit not to lay any restraint upon you, but to promote good order, and to secure your undivided devotion to the Lord, if anyone thinks and basically he's saying, Let me summarize he saying they were they were going through famine at the time, it seems in First Corinthians, or when first Corinthians was written in Corinth, and he's like, Look, things are hard right now. And it's gonna be difficult for you to right now in the present time to get married. But also there's there's a spiritual concern that the single person has more time to serve the Lord and the married person has less. So then he goes on says, but if anyone thinks he's not behaving properly towards botros, if his passions are strong, and it has to be let him do as he wishes, let them marry, it is no sin. It's not. Marriage is never sin, unless there's something sinful about it, right? It's never been a sin. But whoever is firmly established in his heart, being under no necessity, but having his desire under control and is determined this in his heart to keep her as as botros, he will do well, so that he who marries a Detroit does well, and he refrains from marriage will do even better. Marriages, good. singleness is even better when it comes to serving the king. That's not meant to apply to everybody's life to make them single. It's just meant to give us a good way to evaluate our options. Verse 39, a wife is bound to her husband as long as he lives. But if her husband dies, she is free to be married to whom she wishes only in the Lord. Yet, in my judgment, she's happier she remains as she is. And I think that I do have the Spirit of God. So there's some compelling reasons for her to stay single. But she's free to marry this is the clear teaching of Paul, your husband dies, you're free to marry someone else. Usually, the husband would die first in that culture, even in our, in our day, that's also true.

Speaker 1  2:18:53
So what's interesting here, though, is this. It's just the idea of being bound and free, bound and free. And that gives us again, it gives us wait, the first Corinthians 715 not enslaved, it means she's in the same situation as if her husband was that it's the same principle though in Romans death into marriage and allows for remarriage. All right, now it begins. We're gonna get into the topical section of this video. I've covered some topics earlier, but this is just topic after topic. We're going to do all the What about what about this? What about that? The first one, using the scriptures we covered already, and then adding some more were helpful. We're gonna ask this question, who is Mike winger to disagree with the Church Fathers? This is actually a pretty profound question. It's basically said that the early church fathers better understood the New Testament and the words of Jesus, and that they unanimously agreed that one could only remarry after the death of a spouse. In other words, adultery does not allow free marriage and if unbeliever leaves you or abuse you're driven away because of abuse, and they won't repent that you still can't remarry. Now, Gordon when him who is a huge proponent of the no remarriage view, He depends heavily on the Church Fathers very heavily on the church fathers. To some guys like me is really interesting. I care but they're not scripture, right? These are guys that came later. And anyway, I wouldn't find myself leaning on this. I like the john Piper, who has basically the same view as Gordon when him I think, maybe not in every particular, but he doesn't depend on the Church Fathers at all. But Gordon when him it's a big, big deal to him. And that's, of course, because john Piper's reformed views. Now, first, the question we have to ask is this. Is it really true that that the church fathers were unanimous in saying that only in the case of the death of a spouse Could someone marry another person? Well, origin in the third century, he said the following quote, some even of the rulers of the church have permitted a woman to remarry even while her husband was still living. Now origin was opposed to this view. So he writes like you'd expect he ridicules that perspective, but it may show at least a break in unanimity. Origen was aware of a number of rulers in the church leaders that allowed a woman to remarry while her husband was still living he doesn't say when or under what conditions but apparently it wasn't totally unanimous ambrozy Astra in the fourth century, he taught that desertion by an unbeliever was grounds for not only divorce but for remarriage. Let me read that, quote, marriage. This is from Ambrose yesterday. Marriage which is without devotion towards God is not valid. And therefore it is not a sin for a person who's divorced on account of God to marry someone else. For the unbeliever in departing. Remember, they're the unbelievers, one who left is seen to sin both against God and against the marriage because he's not been willing to have a marriage ruled by the reverence by reverence for God. Therefore, marital fidelity need not be maintained in the case of someone who has departed so as not to accept that the God of the Christians is the author of marriage. So he also went on to say that a man could remarry after divorcing a wife for adultery. But and Rosie Astor said, a woman if she divorced her husband for adultery, she couldn't remarry. Why? Because he wasn't basing his actual teachings exactly of Scripture. Jesus and Paul both applied all the rules equally to men and women. So that's weird, right? And I'm not suggesting we follow Ambrose Gaster we're just saying, look, here's here's a guy. In fact, here's David Instone Brewer, who has a lot of interesting insights says this. Although ambrozy Astra was expressing a view that was not preserved earlier, he did not defend himself against detractors. He appeared to believe that this was a perfectly normal exegesis that the reader would accept without much persuasion, perhaps he represented a sizable minority. So we're not saying that there's there is no magic majority of church fathers views but rather is not necessarily unanimous. epiphany, epiphanies, epiphanies in the early fifth century, he allowed for remarriage after divorce for fornication, let me read a quote from him. He who cannot keep consonants after the death of his first wife, or who has separated from his wife for a valid motive as fornication, or some other misdeed. If he takes another wife, or The wife takes another husband, the Divine Word does not condemn him, nor exclude him from the church or the life, but she tolerates it rather on account of his weakness, so he consider it like an Incan concession. But it was something that he allowed, and he seems to be closer to modern views of epiphanius. In that perspective, Augustine in the early fifth century he wrote the following. Nor is it clear from scripture whether a man who has left his wife because of adultery, which he is certainly permitted to do so is himself an adulterer, if he marries again. So Augustine at least says, hey, it's not clear to me that a guy who gets remarried or probably would apply to a woman is an adulterer.

Speaker 1  2:23:52
After if the divorce was caused by adultery itself, so he at least leaves it open for that. David Instone Brewer summarizes some of the Church Fathers on this by saying this. Some fathers even discussed the possibility of other grounds for divorce. Origen pointed out that there were other offenses that were more serious than adultery such as the attempted poisoning of a partner or killing of a child while the partner was absent. He also pointed out that man may causative worse by sexual neglect of his wife, he did not, however, suggest that these should be additional grounds for divorce, he made the surprising decision to leave it to the individuals conscience. Interesting thing on origin there. So I'm not saying there's no majority there is a majority of views, although they they're not. They don't come to their conclusions the same way. They don't state them the same way. But generally they're opposed to remarriage after divorce. That's generally true of the church fathers. But it's overstated by people like Gordon when him in their works. Here's the next question we're gonna ask about the church fathers. Was the Church Fathers view, at least the majority view? Was it the result of a proper understanding of the New Testament and Jesus And you know, Jesus and the apostles, or is it a result of growing asceticism and other unbiblical influences in these men? And I think it's the ladder. We do see, for instance, early on in the first in the first century before the Church Fathers ever show up, because they're not really Fathers of the Church, right? They're there. You're 200 years after Jesus, you're not like a father of the church. Not really. That's just what we call you for some weird, traditional reason. But we do see ungodly attitudes in the first century before these guys ever show up right? in First Corinthians seven. We see it in three verses, verse one, verse 28, verse 36, where it was, Paul was fighting against attitudes of restricting marriage, or even abstaining from sexual relations. Relations within marriage. This was a bad thing. Paul's like don't do that. That's not what you're called to do. And so Paul fights against that. in First Corinthians six, he's fighting against blatant sexual immorality in First Corinthians seven. He's fighting against a low view of marriage and a low view of the goodness of sexual relations within marriage. First Timothy four three, Paul warns about a false teaching that will come from those who quote, forbid marriage that this is a doctrine of demons to be forbidding people to get married. In Colossians, two, verse 21 through 23, Paul also warns about ascetic specifically calls them ascetic ascetic teachings, which would be these kinds of things like where you devalue marriage, or you make singleness not just spiritually more useful, but you make marriage, like bad, right, and that's what was happening. William hath said the following, responding to Gordon with him on this topic of the church fathers, William had said, most of these writers also took a very dim view of sexual relations within marriage, the church fathers, much like the ascetics, Paul confronted in Corinth, in effect, most Church Fathers said marital marital relations are only for beginning children, and even then you'd better not enjoy it. This was hardly the teaching of Paul. What we're saying is that there seems to have been a beginning point in the first century weird teachings that we see affecting the Church Fathers later on. Augustine in the fourth and fifth century writing in the late fourth, early fifth century, he actually supported chastity during marriage, which Paul clearly refutes in First Corinthians seven. Let me read to you what Augustine said, and why I don't want to take his advice on when divorces Okay, and remarriage. He says, At any rate, husbands and wives are to be regarded as more truly happy if by mutual consent, they are able to abstain from all carnal intercourse with each other. Whether they do this only after they've procreated children or whether they are foregoing the joy of earthly offspring, they are not disobeying that pre which forbids the dismissal of a wife, for a husband does not put away his wife if he lives with her according to the Spirit, but not according to the flesh. Except that marriage is a flesh union, like you take away all of that you've you've you've cut out a really important part of what marriage actually is. Augustine, he actually took Matthew 532, where Jesus has this exception clause to be permission to divorce but not permission to remarry under any condition except death. And I think that's unsustainable.

Speaker 1  2:28:13
Now, we see, let me summarize, right? We see in the first century, when the letters of the epistles of Paul are written, there's already asceticism that he's fighting against, and this sort of low view of marriage, and then we see it developing in the church fathers when they say things that clearly contradict what Scripture teaches on the topic of marriage. We also see the trajectory later on, go down the road a few 100 years. And we see the results of that trajectory in the Roman Catholic Church requiring celibacy among spiritual leaders are priests can't even get married. And I know there's different rights and all that kind of thing. But there is a rule in the Roman Catholic Church about priests having to be single. And that's a pretty big deal. And completely unbiblical. So, we even go further than that. Let me give you an example of some writers in the church fathers. This is again, this is why I'm not gonna let the Church Fathers telling me what to think on this topic. I care about what they say. But they clearly conflict with Scripture on the very issue that we're talking about. So I don't have to take them over what seems to be the clear teaching of the text. So some of the church fathers, they actually refused to allow remarriage even if your spouse died, which, how can you? How can you argue that right, Romans seven, First Corinthians seven, how can you argue that you're not free if they die? I think Horace Tertullian and Clement of Alexandria did this. I'll quote a couple of them here. athenagoras in 177 ad that's really early. He said the following for you deprives himself of his first wife, even though she be dead. is a cloaked adulterer, resisting the hand of God and dissolving the strictest union of flesh with flesh. athenagoras taught that even if your spouse died, you couldn't get remarried. This is completely contradicts the Bible and it was second century. This is very early Tertullian in the third century, early third century, writing around to 11, to 15. Now he conflicts themselves utterly Tertullian. Early on, he discourages remarriage after the death of a spouse, but he allows it. But later on, he goes more strict. And he says this, therefore, if those whom God has conjoined man shall not separate by divorce, it is equally congruous, that those whom God is separated by death, man is not to come join by marriage, the joining of the separation will be just as contrary to God's will, as would have been the separation of the conjunction. In other words, he would take it as a sign if your spouse died as a sign that God was, was purposely making you single and wanted you to stay single forever. Now, Paul, when he writes, in in the pastoral epistles, he actually says, If widows are young, they ought to get married, like this is, did Tertullian care that Paul says, I don't know I don't have to figure out what's going on with Tertullian. In his wacky head in this particular situation, I can just say he's not representing a clear understanding of Scripture. He's got other influences. And those are influences I don't want. Finally, the church fathers, by and large, seem ignorant of the Jewish debate that was going on between the hilights and the shimmy Knights. And that, that gives us the backdrop of Jesus is saying, and helps us understand why there are more exceptions than what they realize. Everybody pretty much agrees with with that. So that's why the early church fathers, having a unanimity on the topic is not that impressive to me, the Unity isn't isn't quite as strong as people people pointed out to be. But also their actual teachings, not based on scripture, in many cases is based upon other things, and disagrees with clear teachings of Scripture. Let's do another What about what about this? malikai to 16? God says, I hate divorce. Doesn't that mean? You can't get divorced? Like, isn't that all the information you need?

Speaker 1  2:31:57
Malika to 16. Since I didn't cover this passage, I thought I should talk about it here. For the man who does not love his wife, but divorces her says the LORD, the God of Israel covers his garment with violence, says the Lord of hosts, so guard yourselves in your spirit and do not be faithless. Now, what you'll notice here is that this is the verse that says, you know, God hates divorce, but it doesn't have the phrase God hates divorce. Well, here's the New King James Version. And many versions put it this way. Right. God hates divorce. The problem is that in the Hebrew the phrase, hate isn't, God hates divorce. But it doesn't seem like God is the one who's doing the hating. And this just so you know, one scholar said, this is literally the hardest verse in the Bible to to translate, because the Hebrew construction is just really difficult to deal with. The ESV translates in a way that no I'm not, I shouldn't be the one deciding how to be translated, but at least from what I've read and studied, and I've spent hours and hours on just malikai to 16. I'm inclined to think the ESV got it right. The hate is being done by the husband. Right, the man who does not love his wife, but divorces her. The idea of hate and divorce are coupled a lot in Ancient Near Eastern texts, the man he hated and divorced, he hated and divorced, even in Deuteronomy 24, the man hated and divorced. And so hate seems to mean, unjustified divorce. And that may be exactly what malikai to 16 saying that you divorced her because you didn't love her lack of love on your part was the reason for your divorce. And that may be actually what God's speaking about. But at any rate, even if you take the more common understanding of Matthew 16, that God hates divorce, I would say that I agree God does hate divorce. Does that mean that all divorce under all circumstances is invalid? Well, then how did God divorce Israel that we've lots of reasons we've already given to reject that it would just be a general truth. God hates divorce, it would not necessarily mean all divorces are therefore wrong. Nor could it mean that if you're going to take all of Scripture, what about those who will abuse the exceptions that I'm giving and wrongly divorce? What about those who will be used those exceptions and wrongly divorce? I'll be really frank with you. I totally am worried about this myself, as I teach on this topic. I'm thinking probably more people will take this data and abuse it, misuse it to justify their own desire for a divorce, then the number of people that will take it and use it properly because they ought to get a divorce. And it's right. That grieves my heart. The truth is, there is no way for me to teach this in a way that it won't be abused by people who will follow their hearts wherever they want. There's just no way to do it. But I'm not going to victimize everyone else in order to prevent those people from doing what they're going to do anyways. They're going to do it with or without justification. They're going to find the teacher and the leader and the pastor and the thing to tell them the thing they want to hear so they can do the thing they want to do. And, and that's on them not me. You should ask yourself this, how I truly done everything I can to restore this marriage. Have I truly dealt with my own issues. First, and I say please see my videos specifically to the husband and specifically to the wife in the video description and consider that this is really big. If you're blind to your own issues and you magnify their issues, of course you think everything's you do is justified. Do you want to weigh out? Or would you prefer to have restoration? We'll help you see if you're judging carefully if you're if you're abusing this rule, or if you're, if you have a really justified divorce right now, do you want a way out? Or if you have the option to restore, boy, they repent and you guys restore the relationship? Would you be like, Yes, I want that. If your answer is no, no, I hope they don't. There's a hard issue to pray through before you make a decision. It's likely that most people who think they're an exception or not, it's quite possible. It's just my opinion. But I do think it's true. I've talked to women who divorced a husband, and said, God told me to divorce them. And I look at the situation I go, I really don't believe that. But they say I'm at peace. I'm at peace. And but you look at their life and you go off, you're obviously not like, I'm sorry. That happens a lot. That happens a lot. But I've also seen other things I've seen restoration. I've seen people have their lives restored. And I've seen there's some women who especially women, to be honest, but men too, who get freed from an enslaved relationship, because of the freedoms that we get in these principles that we're learning here today. So yeah, I'm worried about abuses too. What about alcoholism, gambling, drug use? How do we apply these principles to that alcoholism, gambling, drug use? I think the question is, How bad is it? It's honestly, your your husband's an alcoholic? That doesn't mean you can divorce him automatically? Is it dangerous to life or health? Is there significant? You no scenario going on? It would have to be kind of extreme. But I just want to say

Speaker 1  2:36:54
How bad is it? What's really going on? The gambling is it's costing us our livelihood, we're losing our home. Okay, well, this is a health and safety concern, right? And so there may be a reason to be separating from him, get your own bank account, that kind of thing. These things, every situation is unique drug use, the question is, you know, How bad is it? And how, what impact is that having on our lives? And I think that you should go through that process, check yourself first seek restoration review, bring other believers, if you have to separate and then they still will not repent, and you can treat them as an unbeliever than a divorce can be justified. What about a marriage that was entered? sinfully? Should you break up a marriage? If you if you're in a marriage right now and you're like, I shouldn't have got married to that person? That was an immoral act? I think your answer is no, you should not stop that marriage, you shouldn't break it up. It might have been wrong to do but guess what it is? It's a marriage. It's a marriage into divorce. Now, in the name of the holiness of your first marriage to divorce the second one. It's contradictory. And I'll give you a few of the reasons for this. Jesus, and with the woman at the well he affirmed that her her five previous husbands were in fact, husbands, she's had five husbands. So he seems to affirm again, I mentioned this before, the legitimacy of second, third, fourth, and even fifth marriages, he seems to affirm that Jesus again, when he talked about not getting divorced, he says let not man, you know, take apart separate what God has joined together. He didn't say cannot it cannot happen. He acknowledged that marrying another was an actual possibility. If you marry another, you committed adultery. Like it's actually marriage, though. Like that's the word he used for it. Everybody would assume that it was a real marriage. Another point I want to mention, I think this is actually pretty significant is that we would actually expect the Bible to have to break up lots of marriages. If this was the if this was the teaching, right? When Paul's bringing his radical teachings about marriage into First Corinthians seven, why doesn't he say, if you're in the middle of a second marriage, and your first spouse is still alive, separate and go be reconciled with him. He never says that his instruction to whoever you're married to, is to just stay married. So where we would expect Paul to mention it, he doesn't. And his instructions on face value would tell you and your second, third, fourth, fifth marriage to just stay married. I think silence in Paul gives weight to accepting those marriages. In the Old Testament. Second marriages were seen as legitimate Deuteronomy 24 wrongful O's were still binding. This is an interesting point, john Piper actually brings us up. Joshua made a wrongful treaty with the Givi Knights but God still called him to honor the treaty. This is in Joshua at nine. The bottom line is this. It's a covenant God said not to make but God required them to keep it after they made it. That is a wrongful marriage. It was wrong for you to do that. That was even an adulterous act when you got married, but guess what? You're married. Now honor that covenant. And now, now, redeem it in the Lord. Now David pawson I want to mention by name because his teaching is both in video form and in book form, and I've checked out both of them, read his book and everything. He teaches that if you have divorced and remarried, and you are still in the second marriage and your first spouse is still alive, you are not only existing in a marriage You shouldn't have. You are in active constant adultery every day of your life. And you are not going to heaven when you die. Like you will go to hell because of this, this rebellion against God. This is David Paulson's teaching. It's extreme, and I was like shocked when I heard it. So he argues in marriage is not only an adulterous act initially, but it remains continual adultery for the duration of the marriage. How does he do this? He bases it off of a verb tense in Luke 1618. Let's walk through it. Here it says everyone who divorces his wife and marries another commits adultery and he who marries a woman divorced from her husband commits adultery. Now, according to David pawson, according to him, I'll just read it to you this is on page 43 of his book, remarriage is adultery and last, and he says, Furthermore, the tense of the verb for committing adultery is the present continuous, which means to go on doing something, some have tried to say that the only the initial act of remarriage and its first physical union is adultery. But Jesus is including all subsequent intercourse. To put it bluntly, remarriage after divorce is bigamy in God's eyes. This is the strongest possible terms. David pastan talks about a man he met who was in a second marriage and asked him about it. And he told the man he had to pick between heaven and that second marriage because he couldn't have both. This to me is his I love his piety is his commitment to the Lord. But it's just, it's just wrong. And I think God, it's wrong.

Speaker 1  2:41:46
But at any rate, let's talk about this person says that the Greek word for commits adultery is in the present continuous Greek. Now this is I don't know how well David pasta knows Greek. But Present Continuous is probably the wrong description. a better description is president we all agree with President right. But it's the mood of the of the term when you're when you're parsing out a Greek verb, the mood of the term is indicative, not continuous indicative is not the same as continuous. And I'll give you some reasons to think why that's the case. Generally speaking, when a Greek verb is used in the present indicative sense, as it is here in Luke 1618, it does not mean that the action is going on into the future Forever and always as not the case. Robertson who, in fact, I have an article in the description below, you can read on this whole topic, I'm just gonna give you one quote, and then we'll move on. But Robertson notes that the most frequent use of the present indicative is in the descriptive present, the simple statement of fact, with no specific reference to continuity, the iterative present, which is what pasta wants to suggest it is involving repetition is not so frequent. There's an article get gets into detail on this. It's actually way too complicated for this 1213 hour long video I'm doing to add that as well. But the articles down there, the reality is that present indicative is not enough to say that the future marriage is a continual act of adultery, you need additional arguments for that in the text. And they give examples of texts that don't even make sense when you think that's what the present indicative means. So I anyway, I encourage you to check that out. David pawson, is way out on a limb in his declaration that people are not saved if they have a second marriage. Here's my view. For what it's worth the second marriage, if it was an unjustified remarriage, if it was an adulterous act, then it breaks the first marriage. Finally, this is actually consistent with Deuteronomy 24. The woman couldn't go back to the first husband after the second one, right? That there's a breaking of that marriage, you have divorced with adultery now. And so now, the new marriage takes precedence. It is a marriage, even if it started wrong, it's a marriage and it should be preserved. I thought that would actually be pretty important for me to cover David and stone brewers work by itself in this survey, since I'm not actually agreeing with his case and using it. But it is a very impactful work, his book divorce and remarriage in the Bible, the socio social and literary context. That's the name of his book. It came out in 2002. And it's having a huge impact. There's a lot of people that are on board with David and stone brewers view. I spent a lot of time I mean, so many hours looking at his work, and reading reviews and scholarly papers and all this kind of stuff to try to figure out if I shared that view or not. In the end, I find that he has tons of great insights, and I did use many of his insights. And his access to primary sources that he gives you is really good, but I don't agree with his central argument. And so for that reason, you may just want to skip this section. That's fine. There's a video map down below as I've mentioned several times, but this is my response to David stone brewers work in particular Please forgive me if I don't give it the rigor that it deserves. I'm certainly trying. And the thing is, is cases long and drawn out, and I'm trying to summarize it, which is always a challenge. But basically, David Instone Brewer. His case is like a five link chain. And if every link in the chain is intact, then his conclusion works. But if any of the links aren't intact, if any one of the links fails, then his conclusion also fails. And we can still find exceptions, but we don't find him the way he does. And that would be that would be my view. So let me give you the five links, and then we'll talk about after that after I make his case, so you can understand that they will talk about issues with those links. It's based on Exodus chapter 21. Verses 10 and 11. Instone Brewer his actual argument goes something like this, that Exodus 21 verses 10 and 11. It gives three additional grounds for divorce beyond sexual immorality. Now I've argued for grounds like extreme abuse driving your spouse away, those are all grounds for for divorce, but David Instone Brewer is going to use these two verses to establish additional grounds. So he says if the scripture says here, if he takes another wife to himself, he shall not diminish her food, her clothing or her marital rights, those three things food, clothing, and marital rights. And if he does not do these three things for her, she shall go out

Speaker 1  2:46:23
for nothing without payment of money. This is speaking here about a servant, a woman who is a servant who's a hired servant. And but she's been married to the man so she's elevated to the role of wife while he marries a second wife. If he diminishes, she has a she has a case for divorce, if he gets rid of her food, clothing or marital rights, David makes a case for this being material needs food and clothing and marital rights referring to emotional neglect, including sexual neglect. So that's his first link. He's going to say that, then the Jews of Jesus's time, they would take this Exodus 21. And they would interpret it this way, hey, if the slave woman can go free for those three reasons, then certainly the free woman can, hey, if a free woman can go three, then certainly a man can go free. And this is what David calls a doctor is number two recalls that the argument from the lesser to the greater. And he says the rabbi's would have all viewed it this way. And it's like when Paul says you don't muscle if you don't want to Linux, then you don't starve the minister of the gospel. It's like our infant, the lesser of the greater Hey, if it's true of a slave woman if she has these rights, and certainly everybody does. Now he's going to say that all the Jews his second link in the chain, all the Jews believe this, especially in particularly, and most importantly, the school of Shem II, the shiming is in the debate with the hilights, they thought that not only sexual immorality, or uncheck study was grounds for divorce, but so was lack of material or emotional, sexual treatment of your spouse. His third link in the chain is this and all these links are I think are essential for his case to get through his third link is that in the recorded debate, and the mission of the debate I put up earlier for you between the halo lights and the shimmy knights, I'm gonna go and bring it up again. That's not it. They don't talk about these other these other reasons for divorce, they don't even mention them. And the reason why, you know those three things, basically material or emotional neglect, marital neglect, that those things are not included in this debate is because they always assume the Shemitah pseudonym, the hilights. Assume to them and because and then this is they're just debating do i mean 24? Right, they're not talking about what they already agree on. Then the fourth link in the chain number four is that it's a school of shim I allowed her divorce for Exodus 21, then Jesus, who sounds a lot like them, probably did, too. So then we have Jesus, it's just assumed because of his culture and time that he also held those views, then, the fifth link in the chain, the final chain, which it does have to have every link is that installer is going to go through all the different texts in the New Testament, to try to read them, and to confirm them with the idea that everyone reading and writing these texts is assuming that material or emotional neglect is grounds for divorce. So as far as my analysis to the best of my ability, having spent a lot of time on the topic, I think that there are problems with link number two, link number four, and link number five with evidence from brewers case. Let me just walk through them real quick. link number two is the question. Do the shimming really hold the school to shame I do they really hold on to these to Exodus 21 based exceptions. And I think here the problem with the link here is that there's just insufficient data. On my reading of David's home brewers book, it seems like we have enough reason to question this. I'll give you three points on that. One, though, it's, though it seems that many Jews did use those things from Exodus 21 they Use those kinds of types of things as justification for divorce, it isn't clear that the school of Sham I held that view, we number two info from the missioner that we do have about marriage and divorce is often hard to trace back to the early first century, and even harder to put into the opinions of the School of shimmy much of the stuff in the mission that comes from after 70 ad. And according to Instone Brewer, by that time, the school of Shem I was, quote, all but wiped out. So it's not enough to say in the mission of they use Exodus 21 exceptions for divorce, and therefore the School of Shem. I held that view in reality in the mission of the them saying that doesn't put it on the lips of the School of PMI unless in the mission it says the School of Shem it says dot dot dot. And that leads to the third problem with Lincoln number two, which is this the actual quotes from the School of semi in stone brewers book and in the Talmud, and I read big chunks of the Talmud that kind of helped me come to this conclusion. They don't give us reason to think that they actually held to Exodus 21 based exceptions, I'm not saying they absolutely didn't, but it doesn't give us grounds for saying they did hold those views when you read about Shem II, specifically his school I don't get that and I'm not the only one who said this one of the scholars who was reviewing dividends homebrewers

Speaker 1  2:51:15
work actually pointed this out and and I made the mistake of not I'd read so many reviews of his stuff I made the mistake of not saving that one in particular. But they pointed the same thing. They said look, you know, you're reading too much into the school of shehnai we can't affirm the link to very competently that the termites really held to these Exodus 21 based exceptions. Now that maybe I'm wrong there that's my current position on that view. If I'm wrong this doesn't change my case against them so beware that much against his case not him personally seems like a great guy the fourth link and one that I have an exception with his does Jesus really side with the shimmy Knights in such a way as to make us think he agrees with their other views that he's not talking about? So let's suppose the Knights did think these Exodus 21 exceptions were thing does Jesus side with him in such a way to think Jesus agrees with that too? And here I'm going to say I don't think so. I think the answer is no. Jesus actually disagrees the schema in some important areas for one he doesn't think any matter divorces the hell alight any matter of divorce that those are valid even if achieved by a court this is not a shimmy I view at all he's like look you know the Shema Knights according to install Brewer would marry someone who is divorced through hell alight school or Hello like court. But this is not the case with Jesus. He's like, Hey, you know you're you were divorced, wrongly, your remarriage is adultery. That's not something that the Shema would have agreed with, it seems to. Jesus doesn't appeal to Deuteronomy or Exodus two establishes principle, what we're doing is we're saying that, hey, in another passage in the law of Moses, there's more justifications for adultery. So then Jesus would have affirmed that, or adultery for divorce and remarriage Excuse me. But Jesus actually sidesteps the issue of what Moses permitted. And he gives us a priority of Genesis one and two, showing that the permission in Deuteronomy 24 was not a justification. I think that we can project Jesus's statement about Deuteronomy to Exodus 21. It seems that it was even if it was permission in Exodus 21. It doesn't mean it's justification. So it seems wrong to base exceptions on rabbinic use of Exodus passages. When Jesus comes against using the law of Moses, as justification for divorce in the first place. If we assume Jesus is consistent, he might respond to Exodus 21. The same way he responded to Deuteronomy 24. if, if, in my as in my view, he's not interpreting Deuteronomy 24 he's just offering a ruling of his own, that is based upon maybe God having divorced Israel for adultery. If that's the case, then he's it's not based upon how we interpret Exodus 21 or Deuteronomy 24. That's, that's not to say that Jesus's rule can't have any exceptions at all. That's not what I'm saying. Obviously, I've given several, it's just that we don't get them by importing Exodus 21, into the background of Jesus's statements and opinions. And then finally, the last link that I would disagree with dividends from Brewer on is link five, the link five, the idea that take this view, and read it consistently with the statements of the New Testament by saying, oh, in the background, they're affirming, you know, extra, three more reasons for divorce that they're not mentioning, and their specific reasons. I don't think that that's the case. So this is the same reason, by the way, I reject the no remarriage view. I don't think you can marry it with Scripture very well. Let me give you one example from Instone Brewer's book. So his treatment of First Corinthians chapter seven, verse three, I'm going to read it to you now Hold on, I'll put the verse up for you first. Keep in mind for his final link to work he has to take this all this theory about Jesus and then say, and when you read the New Testament texts, you know, even if it's not explicit in there At least it won't conflict with what I'm saying? Well, I think unfortunately, I think it does. But first Corinthians seven three shows that there's just not a very good handling. I think of the text in this case, at this later stage of him developing his argument. First Corinthians seven three says the husband should give to his wife for conjugal rights, and likewise the wife to her husband. Now, let me quote David, his number from his book, he says, this present study and a few others have also pointed out the affirmation of the grounds for divorce and Exodus 2110 through 11, by the use of that text in First Corinthians seven, three. Now, here's where I get lost. I don't think that Paul is using Exodus 21. in First Corinthians seven, three, it does say the wife should give, you know we should give each other our conjugal rights. It does say that. And that's and that concept is in Exodus 21. That's true. But is it using Exodus 21. Not only that. David has number doesn't just say there's a connection between First Corinthians seven, three in Exodus 21. He says that he's pointing out, quote, the affirmation of the grounds for divorce in Exodus 21.

Speaker 1  2:56:10
So he's taking First Corinthians seven, three as kind of like a way of saying, see, and you can divorce if they don't give you your conjugal rights. And I don't think that that fits First Corinthians seven at all, it seems like total ice Jesus to me. So this is a really crucial point. And it's under supported in David's homebrewers case, I think that the fifth link doesn't, doesn't actually work. Yeah, now, let me offer a caveat. I do think it's dangerous, that dangerous neglect of material needs or extreme emotional abuse can be grounds for divorce. I just don't use David and stone brewers theory to get there. That's not my way of getting there. And when he gets there, he gets there with a lot more flexibility in when you can divorce than than I would. So there's my quick, I mean, that took a little bit, but it's actually my very quick analysis of his stuff. There's so much more in every issue, and it's actually a fascinating book, and I've linked it below. And you guys can check it out if you'd like. Next question, should a pastor marry someone who's wrongly divorced? As a pastor? I think that the right answer is no. I think you should not marry someone who is who is wrongly divorced. Now. Maybe they were wrongly divorced. And then subsequent things have happened in the intermediate period where now the divorce is like legitimate, morally legitimate. That's one thing. But I mean, who's currently wrongly divorced? I think the answer is absolutely not. I think that our calling for them is that they get rid of any other relationships, they get their life right with the Lord in every way. And then they try to seek for restoration, if possible. If it was an invalid divorce reason, they're still morally obligated to their spouse. That was one of our first principles. Also, there's a huge danger Christian, you're thinking about marrying somebody who was unjustifiably divorced and choosing now to marry another person, like you're probably going to divorce them to, or they'll divorce you. The same unresolved issues that have them rooted in bitterness and unforgiveness with their previous spouse are going to crop up in your marriage almost guaranteed. This is a real dangerous situation. If there's been repentance and honest attempts to restore, and the other person will not allow for restoration, then they're in the first Corinthians 715 situation, then Okay, they may now they're free, and they may now get married. And of course, as a pastor, there's concern that someone is lying to me, what if they're tricking me and they don't have justified divorce. I mean, I'm not a cop. I'm not just gonna assume everyone's guilty to prove their guilt, like that's an interrogation technique. Like, as a pastor, that's not really the right direction to go. That deceit is on them, not on you as a pastor. So if you have reason to think that, you know, the divorce is legitimate, then you can do the marriage, in my opinion, for what it's worth. Now, what I want to do is a quick summary of all of the 15 biblical principles and then I want to add principle 16 to it. So here are all of them. On the screen, I'm just gonna read through them because, boy, oh boy, in the 75 hour long video that you are currently watching, it's easy to get lost in the mix. These are the principles modified appropriately. Marriage is a union that God created therefore, we should keep it together. Number two, divorce as a general rule is wrong and should not be done. Three divorce that is unjustified coupled with remarriage is adultery. Divorce number four, divorce that is unjustified, doesn't involve the moral obligation of the marriage. That means that you need to you need to go back and seek reconciliation. Number five sexual sin can justify a divorce. Number six sexual sin can also justify a remarriage. Number seven staying single to better serve the Lord is a good option. Number eight, if your spouse dies, you are free to marry another something a lot of church fathers Actually rejected. Number nine Are you the cause of unjustified divorce, stay single or be reconciled? That's First Corinthians seven. Number 10. If an unbeliever wants to depart than the believer is free from the marriage and free to remarry 11 Jesus's rule may have exceptions not explicitly mentioned. Therefore, we can be open to unique circumstances. And this includes all the weirdness of life and stuff that you never thought of and didn't even know could happen until you heard a story. Number 12 the rule for unbelievers from First Corinthians seven Principle number 10. The rule for unbelievers can be applied to proclaim believers if they can be biblically treated as unbelievers, meaning they won't listen to Jesus or the church. 13 radical danger or harm justifies separation and possibly divorce. I think it's a process but yeah, it would eventually justify divorce. And it would be on the person because they are the one who drove you out. So the separation is on them, not you. 14 any behavior, causing proper separation can

Speaker 1  3:01:05
if reconciliations refused by the offenders continue to act properly lead to divorce, because this is in effect, the same as the first Corinthians 715. scenario. Number 15. Anyone properly free from a marriage is also free to remarry if they choose. And number 16. Christians should unilaterally fulfill this is my last principle for us. And it's my final thought I want to give you Christian should unilaterally fulfill our calling to serve Christ through fully obeying God's commands to husbands and or wives. unilateral you know what that means. You do it when they don't. That's your calling. That is your calling as a Christian. Exceptions exist, but they are abused. That's true. Jesus's extreme statements get to the heart of the issue, what God has joined together, man should not separate, you should seek to follow Christ. And I again point you to my teaching on to husbands and wives individually, I really recommend I had a couple telling me that it saved their marriage when they when they watched those videos, and I hope that it would bless yours. But this last principle, that Christians should unilaterally, I'll put it up here, unilaterally fulfill our calling to serve Christ through obeying God's commands to husbands or wives, it means you change first, breaking the cardinal rule of American marriages, you change first, you do not require them to be good for you to be right with God. No Christian will think clearly, no Christian will think clearly about divorce until they've given over to the Lordship of Christ in their marriage. That's where you start right now, I encourage you to pray to seek the Lord to honor Christ with that marriage so that if you have a divorce, it is it is truly appropriate and proper. There are bad reasons for divorce. And I'm gonna kind of add this at the end here. Here's some bad reasons to get a divorce. I'm not happy. I hate them. We've grown apart, I'm bitter. I'm just over them. And I won't change. They have repented, but I will not forgive them. Or God told me it's okay. Even though it doesn't seem like it's okay. to anybody who knows the Bible. God is not going to contradict himself. I'll take scripture over your impressions. And you should too. Those are obviously bad reasons for divorce. So my conviction is that the fullness of the teaching of Scripture on this topic gives us a fuller understanding that gives us the rule as well as the ability to have exceptions that are legitimate with compassion, and to pick up the messy pieces of our lives and follow Christ. Moving forward. I think all of Scripture speaks to it, which is why I've made a 300 hour video to talk about all the scripture on it. You have questions, I get it. There's things I didn't cover, there's things maybe I got wrong or didn't explain well enough. Ask your questions. Again, I remind you put them in the comments, vote up the ones that you agree with that you're like, yes, answer that. And I will make a follow up video, just answering your questions and pushback, I will do that. And if I'm wrong, I will live on something that I discovered. I'll admit it in that video very happily. After that, I'm going to do a final third video on marriage and divorce and remarriage. And it's going to be a short video, the video you wish I would have made just now, right? Whereas just real short, boom, boom, boom, simple teaching. I'm not going to do a debate, just a straightforward teaching. As quick as I can handle it. Going through the topic. I think that those between those three videos I should answer this question well enough that at least no one can see I wasn't thorough. So that's about it. We hope you've enjoyed this 7000 hour long video and I hope that it's been a blessing to you and that it's helped equip you for your own life and to help others through the struggles that they're dealing with. God bless you


Transcribed by https://otter.ai