Unknown Speaker  00:12
Hello, hello.

Matthias Miller  00:14
Hello, hello.

Speaker 1  00:16
All right. So I love this. This is a totally genius move. First of all, I'm a real fan of doing something useful with thank you pages other than just thanks. See you later. So that that alone is good. But I love the tone of this the angle everything super good on y'all only thing that bothers me is the part in the middle where you start quoting prices? Like is this dynamic based on? Will it always be dynamic? The pricing itself based on what they just chose in the form? Yes. Oh, it will be okay. And then fine. That's all.

Matthias Miller  01:02
We'll come up with rules for that. And the other thing we're going to do is we're going to inject pictures, one more step in the type form. And we're going to inject pictures of choose the exact model and get them a literally exact price.

Speaker 1  01:17
Love it. Yep. Is this part of your long term venture to create a coding system and all that?

Matthias Miller  01:25
Yeah, I love it. They also would take the visualizer online, but I mean, this is if this thing if we break this thing, we just broken the yoke dude. Like they they have had their hands in a hand job, not being able to sell him value for 20 years. Yep. And we've been helping them break free from that. And if this gets people to convert without discounts, we'd like and if if we can fix that, if we can fix the continue to hone in the sales, sales process and get rid of all the air kickers and only have people talking to people who are interested. That's that's going to be such a wildland and reasonable.

Speaker 1  02:20
I love it. Have you considered using an appointment setter? So that that is a middleman between first contact and talking to a real salesperson? It's like it's part of the creating a qualified leads so that salespeople are only talking to qualified leads process.

Matthias Miller  02:37
Not yet. I like to try it on the back end as yet another tasks. We've had trouble with people not responding to them. But maybe if we if we weed out 80% of them. You know, only only a handful of people who get through that whole interaction and set an appointment. Yep. And I mean, how many people I guess we can do this. I mean, we can also test we can give them the opportunity to and then see if we can get a hold of who hasn't booked an appointment.

Unknown Speaker  03:18
Say that last part again.

Matthias Miller  03:20
We can also see we can let people set appointments. But also see how many people were able to contact even if they don't book an appointment?

Speaker 1  03:30
Oh, yeah. Yep, for sure. Yeah. Do you track all that kind of stuff, by the way, like, you know, all the fall off between lead and first contact and quote and all that?

Matthias Miller  03:40
Yeah, I mean, I have most of that. I only periodically pull it up to dig into it. It's not like

Speaker 1  03:49
Are you familiar with Robert cozy? Do you know who he is? Okay, so he's a sales guy. He is. He mostly does sales and sets of sales teams. He also does a bit of training. I talked with him once I looked at hiring him or his team as a as a while as a sales team. But it was too expensive and all that. He's a pretty straight up guy. I was working with a business coach who had a mastermind. And Robert was literally the only salesperson that he would let in his group at all because he considered pretty much all salespeople to be sleazy. Except for Robert, I'm just telling you that try to codify a little bit. So But Robert is super big on knowing your numbers and tracking them and like really working with those numbers to see is your performance actually going up month over month? And if not where the weak spots and where do we need to focus on improvement? Yeah, I can probably find it at one point I had his templates. It's just a spreadsheet. And I know it's more busy work and more data and tracking all that but I think there could be value if you're really trying to grow your sales team and improve their performance, think it's almost essential to track all those points along the way. And it's basic, you know, start with leads per day, emails per day, phone calls per day, so on and so forth.

Matthias Miller  05:13
So it's only busy work, if you can't translate it into action. I mean, that's yeah. If you have any information about him numbers and tracks how he tracks how he analyzes any of that stuff, I would really value that. Yep, I'll see if I can find it. Cool. Like, I can't move fast enough. On this side note, my brother moved back from Bangladesh last year. And he's finally getting into marketing for the software side of the business and rearranging a bunch of work to get me back into doing more of what I want to do on that and trying to hire an assistant and arguing with Tim Francis's team about what I need in one. And anyway, all that to say, there's a lot of stuff going on, can't move fast enough that what we're doing here is so you hit plateaus, exciting, exciting parts, and then you hit a plateau. And then you start pushing to the next one. And I'm just optimistic about where we could go with this.

Speaker 1  06:33
A lot of it, and I'm really happy about it. And I'm still hoping we can create a killer system and then take it on to other companies in areas.

Matthias Miller  06:43
Yeah. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  06:52
Good, good more entry point.

Speaker 1  06:58
Um, I'm now I really don't I mean, I'm sure we've got I know for a fact that we've chatted about things here and signal that I've lost track of, but in general, it's, it's going better. Now. The after the little episode, we're tracking broke and was fixed. I think the especially on Facebook, I think the algorithm is kind of dialing itself back in. And that's probably what matters the most there. So on. Are you waiting on me for anything specific that you can think of any other bottlenecks on anything or?

Matthias Miller  07:27
More? I don't think so.

Unknown Speaker  07:28
How did all that report turn out for you? Is that okay?

Matthias Miller  07:32
Yeah, once I plotted the combined Google Sheet, that was exactly what I needed. Okay. It's like, anyone want to mess up what you're doing? And but I wanted to get it done and want to get it automated. And so that import from the import from the other sheet. And the reason I'm doing that summary page, that was works awesome. Not pretty, but it's given the rest of the week.

Unknown Speaker  08:03
Okay. All right. That's good.

Matthias Miller  08:08
But the way I've started doing this, there's a million in one thing that we should always be doing, and just trying to take the agile approach. What's the top three years of bottleneck? What's the top three and go focus on that? And there's always going to be stuff that's breaking and needs to be done. And I used to be. And I don't know if there's always stuff, you just have to pick the top and then everything else will?

Speaker 1  08:42
Totally Yeah, yeah. All right. Well, you think that something else, let me know you get an idea of time and tell me what you were talking about the other day when you said you had an idea for my business business structure?

Matthias Miller  08:57
Yeah. I did. So Roundtable, the big talk was laser coaching. I don't know that there's a guy on his webinar who has this business model where the 1000 bucks, you get a you get unlimited 15 minute sessions. And at the end of each session, before you wrap the session, there's a homework assignment you can't book The next column to get it done. And and average number of appointments is seven. Now before you think I'm about to suggest you start doing this, here's the variation. Within the PCB II where we're advertising now, there are hundreds, if not 1000s of advertisers who are already spending anywhere from two to two grand 15 grand in advertising a year? And why wouldn't you offer a similar thing? Like, this is the type of visit? Okay, sorry about that one other time, you're asking about a about an assistant. And I said, change your business model is probably an easier 8020 leverage point than that. But imagine if you had, you could do that same thing, except that would be by email. And so you'd have an intake form an audit of some kind, and you audit, it's like, kind of what John's been through post does this is tactical triangle review, that you do these do that they have to pull it out? And then you perhaps go back and forth with them and a few emails and nail down on what the next step next step is. And they go implement, and then they can come back to you with another. It's the same thing. It's just an email instead of by phone.

Unknown Speaker  11:07
Sound Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  11:10
So I don't know if it's the kind of so then what do you need to actually roll it out? I mean, really, the big question marks in my mind. Number one is, if people if you can prove to people the value, then it seems, seems to me it can be something that you're selling. You're selling dollars to people? Will they actually engage I don't know. And then we also need a salesperson on the front end, you've got your list of leads that salesperson on the front end that can dominate and then you just actually got to handle it and get them to agree recent scribe every year.

Speaker 1  11:53
I think that's all very workable, and just need an audience or a place to get to leads from the God has specific idea on that, or,

Matthias Miller  12:00
yeah, the PCB II will be advertising our current ads. Okay. So print magazine, why not just straight up go from there.

Unknown Speaker  12:11
So I would run an ad, they're

Matthias Miller  12:14
either running either or have an assistant, send emails out, come get get your own separate domain, to cold email, you're not likely to get blocked, that's likely to get blocked, expand on on that one as you are somewhere else. But here's the cold email, there's all kinds of resources and warming up a cold email domain anyway, but just get a domain and just start directly reaching out and saying, Hey, look, I'd like to

Matthias Miller  12:51
well, maybe it is, maybe it's my email. Maybe it's by phone? I don't know. But that's that's your audience? Or maybe you just don't know.

Speaker 1  13:06
And you're saying to reach out like to the people who are already advertising and PCB?

Matthias Miller  13:10
Oh, yeah. They're already spending money. You know, you know, you could look at any of those ads. And you can give them a suggestion of how to make it better.

Speaker 1  13:22
No, yep. Yep. No,

Matthias Miller  13:26
unless you disagree. It could be as simple as, Hey, I saw your ad in the PCP. I've got a few ideas to make it better. Would you be open to that?

Unknown Speaker  13:35
Yeah. Yep.

Matthias Miller  13:37
You got conversations or he's gonna say no, you have people some people will. But

Speaker 1  13:47
just saying what what Tell me again planes its planes community business. What what is the stand for exchange exchange or that desire website for that? I'm just look this up. Yeah. Yeah. And he just subscribed. Yeah, here it is playing swings. I need to subscribe or something. Get a look at it.

Matthias Miller  14:08
Hopefully we'll see here to get the whole whole thing.

Unknown Speaker  14:13
I think they I

Matthias Miller  14:15
send you periodic for your sheets.

Speaker 1  14:19
I think that yeah. Let's think that through. I'm not trying to get too far away from the main Google business just because area of expertise and all that. Yeah. Let me think that that's a good idea. Let me think this through a little further and wonder.

Unknown Speaker  14:44
Yeah, well, let me chew on that.

Matthias Miller  14:48
There may be other very instance or hybrids and that idea that might, might work well, but I think going to, you're playing in a really sophisticated market right now.

Unknown Speaker  15:00
Even with the folks that I normally work with

Matthias Miller  15:03
YES YES or NO

Unknown Speaker  15:09
NO make sense

Matthias Miller  15:15
Go ahead if needed if you're not local you can make your life easy by becoming the The one advantage man in the land of the ball

Speaker 1  15:32
Yep, exactly. Yep. Now what does it cost to run an ad? Like what what's the smallest thing you can put as an ad in the PCB

Matthias Miller  15:42
there's a media kit on there it's like 300 bucks

Matthias Miller  15:51
the more that's ask you for your religious affiliation that you might qualify anyway.

Speaker 1  16:02
Yeah, I could probably pass maybe not.

Matthias Miller  16:07
Switch Yep.

Matthias Miller  16:18
$90 for one sixteenths of a page ad that's not bad. And then pay for premium placement and the limit as far as parts of the phone does you want 50 bucks as far as they can, at least I don't know what they could do on that but I think it's we do those full page ads and it's ridiculous how I mean 50 bucks to get you on page 14 or something that's crazy. Yeah. Just disproportionately high for the small ones which might be worth doing. And then offer you know, I think usually giving people giving people an offer I don't know what it is you want to offer what you feel comfortable offering and how much time you're willing to put into it but

Matthias Miller  17:23
most most more looking for more calls or emails or more orders from your, from your ad. Yeah, same ad. I don't know what it is. That kind of thing. Getting them to offer and reach out for an audit lessons more. Love it. Yep. Okay. All right.

Speaker 1  17:48
Well, it gives me something to work with. I will. I'll check. Check into that. So

Matthias Miller  17:58
good. Anything else? Nope. Nothing else comes to mind at the moment. So good. All righty. Catch you again sometime soon. Thanks. Bye for now.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai