Unknown Speaker  03:24
Mr. Miller wants to go on.

Matthias Miller  03:29
Yay. Good

Unknown Speaker  03:34
Yep. For what am I? What are the things we should be thinking about today?

Matthias Miller  03:44
Only thing I put on the list I think was newsletter stuff. And

Unknown Speaker  03:52
yeah, yep. Yep. Are you in the middle of any design projects right now?

Matthias Miller  03:58
We're not No, not really great. Okay. Yep. So working I mean,

Unknown Speaker  04:06
what's Tim busy with

Matthias Miller  04:11
I'm not even sure he said he meant he mentioned he's had a bit of a role so

Speaker 1  04:15
okay. He's got any capacity working on designed for poor of faith builders portal stuff could be a possibility if he's bored, so. Oh, exciting stuff, I guess exciting. So Scott Hoover. Scott. Hoover. Yeah. Anyways, Scott. He referred us to someone for Section 174 and tax rebate stuff. We talked to them. They are, oh, it's so nice to talk to people that are very competent, but that they feel like you might meet them at a homeschool convention or local church or something rather than the You know, New York City lawyers style to middle aged ladies and one was I think, a secretary the other, or, or was certainly not the spokesman, person, the other one was a spokesperson, but very competent, and they're gonna send us stuff and help us work through our things. And I don't know what's gonna cost us, but they'll do the initial consultation, they'll track their hours, but do it, I haven't had no obligation. So the pieces that we've learned so far, tax rebates require, require risk on your part, particularly. So, so for example, on your software design, I think, because you don't, you're giving a design at a specific price, then I think you could call that risk on your part, your, quote, a fixed price. I will be asking them more specific questions about everything, and we can just hand that information over to you then. In the long term, we may end up needing to, if we could, we may end up having our I don't know how we would do it, but we may want to restructure, you know, how I pay you for, for software design so that it falls into the requirements so that, you know, so that we take the 174 and the tax rebate. But we'll figure out those details, code, crafters, internationals, a mess, rebates only work for us stuff. And first, and secondly, because it's a code crafters, because it has ownership overlap. It's it's not a long distance company is not a you know, it's not a arm's length relationship. It's a sibling company. And so that minimize the stuff even more. So, anyway. So we're going to be kind of getting to the bottom of all that, but it is what it is the I, I think we're just going to be well, I think we don't we could we could put our clients on the if we would do everything time and materials, then our clients would be on the hook instead of us. But I've just determined not to do that. I mean, except for affordable barns. I don't mind having them be on the hook. But no, I mean, you don't want faith builders to I actually want if I'm going to stop doing time and materials, so that faith, so they're not on the hook for maintenance. But I need to ask those questions. To understand more. Because I don't want to I mean, you know, even if I don't tell the clients, if I know, I'm intent on doing something that puts them on the hook, I do feel some obligation because I know information that they don't know. Yeah. So I mean, it's one thing to say, hey, we're changing things. We're not doing time and materials anymore. Because we think that exposes our clients to tax risk. And, and without making a big fuss that, hey, you may have had tax liabilities last year. I mean, just kind of like let's keep going. So we, but but I think it means well, I wonder if we're going we'll do the math to see where we're at. But I wonder if I'm going to be asking them if we should switch code crafters from an S corp, or a C Corp to lock in the 20 20% corporate rates 21% tax rates. And because otherwise, it could in theory go up to 37%. And we just have to figure out how fast and the But then on top of that there's there will be a 5%. I mean, also, I want to see what they say Joel thinks that that all this was section 174 also will affect or be subject to state taxes as well, that you have to use the same amortization for both state and federal. If that's the case, then you take the 2021 or 37 or whatever percent and add another five or 6%. So for Kansas, but we're working with competent people. And the good news is last year, we we our two biggest clients were affordable barns all time and materials. And we've communicated to them I don't care about anything else. I mean, we that one there we should probably put into we should probably put into real writing a contract that says we're providing the services on time and materials. And so I'll talk to them about how to make sure that we've crossed crossed our t's on the on the affordable barn side of things. Then an investor tool so we did not have that much other work. Nothing huge. So thinking here and some maintenance stuff and and I need to also understand how much have you done research on 174?

Matthias Miller  10:07
I mean, that'd besides what we talked about about a year ago, yeah,

Speaker 1  10:10
I need to understand exactly what of code house is stuff of my time, Jolles time and code that code houses time is subject to 174. So, I mean, obviously, your marketing, consulting stuff is not. I kinda think that customer service is not, I'm not sure. But these are the questions they'll they'll be the ones to help me figure it out. So yeah. Anyway, so that, super excited to get that ball rolling. And that all happens with me, and they're just clearly very competent. And that all happened with him. Because of the AF stuff, so

Matthias Miller  11:01
anyway, good. Good. Um

Speaker 1  11:14
Oh, well, we can take a dive into newsletters. That's your first topic.

Matthias Miller  11:19
I don't have much on my list. So

Speaker 1  11:21
sure. Let me see if what if I what I have in my folder. I mean, we could talk about goods but don't feel like talking about goods so I can avoid that I will.

Matthias Miller  11:32
We also talked about at some point out under the SP now, that what we're doing for value establishment for truepoint and I think it correlates poorly to CCI quite marvelously.

Unknown Speaker  11:46
Now, what do you say about value establishment

Matthias Miller  11:51
of, of marketing? Sure. They've gotten killed in the race game and and I think they are still underpriced. But they're competitive in price with Miche quality. And they've done a horrible job of communicating everything that they do a lot of stuff in their buildings. Sure. And they've done a horrible job of communicating the value. So so we have the same thing. That's North Carolina. Got it? Okay. Yeah. Can play. Yep. Yep. Well, it's North Carolina, Indiana. And actually, so.

Speaker 1  12:25
Got it. Yeah. Well, I think two I think there's there's just a lot right right now for me on the marketing side of things. So faith builder, I just saw faith builders is doing a break rebranding, we need to do work for them. But I think that I think they're rebranding was done by? Well, it's done by someone who works for rosewood, although he put his personal website on the rebranding, so I don't know what that means if he donated it, or what happened there. But it was a interesting, it was a 30 page rebranding document, with very careful land it looks like I mean, it was Yeah, yeah, it looks like the kind of thing that comes out of corporate America. So it was nicely done. Um, so So talk to me about newsletters.

Matthias Miller  13:25
Okay, so I mean, part of this is a little bit of a personal audit to two reasons. Yeah. One is continuing to move more and more on the consulting route for myself personally. Yep. And so my target clients is, I mean, insights, investor tools, those are the size of clients that I enjoy working with. Yep. And so looking for and previously, when I did newsletters, it was all, you know, I don't know, I had people who were barely paying their mortgage and people sort of all the way up in the upper spectrum. Yep. And so what I'm wanting to do is get back into a cadence of doing newsletters, and what I'm, and with that narrowing down who should be getting these things. Yeah. And then in addition, there's this sub part of it is that maybe this is yeah, part of it is that and and part of it is, there's all of this perspective and but I mean, like how we do systems, how like all of this stuff, to find a way to extract some of that and communicate it in a way that's useful and applicable. So that's, it's a part of it is kind of a continual move on my part of I want to create a body of work in some form or fashion. And then so there's kind of a tie in with that as well. But, yeah. So

Unknown Speaker  15:07
then, okay, so So what kinds of articles are you writing?

Unknown Speaker  15:16
Okay. So

Matthias Miller  15:26
what I'm initially thinking of doing is one of the things that I've been rolling around in my brain has been the fact that all of the lessons that I've learned in software development, I have applied in some form or fashion to business. And, and so, broadly speaking, I could envision spending a year or 18 months, just on the topic of systems interacting with systems, and how each of these lessons translate into business in some form or fashion. So that's the direction I'm looking to start with. And there's other Yeah, I mean, I think on a personal interest basis, there's all kinds of other topics that could be short on into, but I don't think it makes sense to

Matthias Miller  16:27
integrate them into into a year. That's more for if I ever had a group of philosophical friends, then that would be the type of teacher than that. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  16:43
And you're thinking print, right?

Matthias Miller  16:46
That's what I'm thinking. And those people specifically request email. I mean, I'm not opposed to making it available by email, either. Sure.

Unknown Speaker  17:02
And you're thinking paid.

Matthias Miller  17:08
I'm thinking, I'm thinking, I haven't completely thought it through. I'm thinking assigning a value and gifting it to people within my target demographic. And then if there are folks like Greg or Kevin or I don't know, fill in the blank, who want to be on it. I let them pay to get on the list. But I basically pretend to be on subscribers, and they're just listening. Sure, sure.

Unknown Speaker  17:40
I have I've just thinking about this.

Speaker 1  17:50
Okay, well, okay, several thoughts. One of them would be that I don't know how you do this. You know, if you can, maybe there's a page on your website that says, I mean, maybe you let people pay for it. Yeah. And I was trying to find out how could you say if you're in, you know, this is free for businesses that are 10 to 50 million, or free for free for people, businesses that are 10 million up.

Matthias Miller  18:28
But then at the point of that, like, for them to pay? What does it matter what they pay at

Speaker 1  18:34
that point? Exactly, exactly. So here's another model that I was toying with, as you're talking is saying this, this is free. Oh, there's two ways to do it. This is free for people who have who have consulted with me, this is free for people that are a member of this online community that's paid. This is this is free if you do a, you know, one hour consultation, or this is so much per month, but then you get you can ask for a one hour consultation. For free time, go ahead.

Matthias Miller  19:24
Thank you. Not a bad idea. I mean, I don't so let me let me try to nail some of these things down more specifically that you're saying so they could be calm for existing clients. That makes sense. Or it could be I think the big question is

Matthias Miller  19:55
what is it

Unknown Speaker  20:11
Yeah.

Matthias Miller  20:17
Go ahead. Good.

Speaker 1  20:22
So if somebody does a one time to interview Dr. Consultation, do they get this newsletter for free for the rest of the lives?

Matthias Miller  20:30
No, you get when you are? Yeah, yeah. When you I mean, maybe, yeah. And

Speaker 1  20:36
now the other thing you might want to do is kind of have

Matthias Miller  20:43
a look at the subscription subscription is $250 a year? Yeah, whatever it is, and you get an optional. And the price of getting the optional is less than the value that you're getting. Sure, sure. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  21:03
Yeah, something like that. Yep. And the other thing you might want to do is, is two

Unknown Speaker  21:19
people can request a complimentary copy. I don't know if you want to allow that or not.

Matthias Miller  21:33
And

Speaker 1  21:33
then you've got their contact information. The other kind of thing you might want to do is have this list of people that you dribble, like one complimentary one to a year to kind of tantalize them with, you know, this is a complimentary coffee, if you'd like to subscribe data, yada, yada, et cetera.

Matthias Miller  22:03
You could do something like a a, for a company like a company subscription. I know Kenny, for example, can Gregor wanted one for himself, and then his team members, you know, how many team members that wanted? When it comes as well. So maybe it's 250 or whatever? The first and 100 for team members or something?

Unknown Speaker  22:27
Sure. Sure. Yep.

Speaker 1  22:39
So are you branding your consulting through code house or something else?

Matthias Miller  22:46
It's just personally branded for now. But I'm not sure. Sure. I have. I have not thought this through completely. Yeah. Sure. But my thought, by the way, is that these things are largely personally branded. And then it allows the opportunity to say, here's a flyer from code crafters, it's a freestanding insert with an ad for crafters, which we don't know with. Or fur coat house, which company for fill in the blank? What are your thinking? Yeah,

Speaker 1  23:30
I mean, that's, that seems that seems pretty reasonable. Yeah, it makes the the offer. I mean, it makes the freestanding insert does make it a lot easier. I mean, it makes it make more sense. And you may find other people that will wish to beyond the freestanding insert potentially.

Matthias Miller  23:51
If we like Scott, for example.

Unknown Speaker  23:54
Right. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  24:01
Those would, you know, yeah.

Speaker 1  24:10
And maybe what you do is you say, Well, you know, we will, you know, we we only allow X number of people, I mean, we only allow X number of inserts per time or whatever. And so, you know, we will, we'll put you all on a rotation basis, or I don't know why they're, you know, so to kind of increase the value.

Unknown Speaker  24:39
Yeah, yeah,

Matthias Miller  24:39
I think so. I mean, I don't think you do more than one. I think it's sure. I think it's so maybe it's you Yeah, I mean, we figure out how many people there are and what the value is to them and Right. Right. Now the supply demand question. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  25:06
Well, and

Matthias Miller  25:14
do you think you

Speaker 1  25:15
should have two questions? You probably don't want me asking these questions right now. Have you considered it? At one point? Do you want to change code houses? Web website?

Matthias Miller  25:31
To what exactly?

Speaker 1  25:34
Oh, it's probably just about a slick one. I mean, one of those slick one page pages thing knees, keep scrolling and see more stuff? I don't know. by who? That's the question, and how to do it so that it's, you know, it's 500 or 1000 instead of 20,000.

Matthias Miller  25:57
You're not looking to do 20?

Speaker 1  26:00
Yeah, it's not 20. I mean, I mean, and I don't really care. I mean. Okay, well, one comment I will make, I think there is a nonzero chance at Rosewood is saying, Alice, you're confusing your clients terribly with code house. Yeah, the code house should be carrier should be having to email each of them needs to have two email addresses. I'm not pushing for it hard. But I'm just saying it's a or we need to

Matthias Miller  26:37
give it if we're going that far. Then Austin and Tim and Ben are working almost exclusively for CCI. Sure. And so are we sure we don't. Okay, So problem number one with two emails, it would be really nice for us to both be on the same email platform to two places to log in. So does that mean? Yeah, we switch over to Office 365? I don't know.

Speaker 1  27:01
I don't love office 365. Investor tools is on it. And it gives us teams that code grafters. So the I'm not Oh, well, first of all, I I'm not pushing for it too hard. It has not felt like a huge pain point. For me. I actually think with your renamed to code house, we're the kind of two names kind of are just about the right level of similarity and difference. I'm not that worried. The see. And I've also sometimes toyed with the I mean, do you actually even like having these people working for you. But I also think there is a sense if I mean, there is a headache for you. But there's also a sense in which in your consulting gigs, kind of having a few people around sometimes that you can kind of like a steal from investor tools that you can sometimes steal a bit yourself. You may find interesting. I don't know.

Matthias Miller  28:09
Yeah, but I mean, maybe. But I haven't been able to do that for the last year and a half

Speaker 1  28:19
you just don't haven't had the right kinds of projects for that. Or other kinds of projects or not capacity.

Matthias Miller  28:26
We Jim's been slammed for how long?

Speaker 1  28:28
Yeah, he has been and maybe not Well, it's a bit of a church won't you know yourself better than I do. It's a bit of a trick because I busy work is is mind numbing for you. But you do still enjoy kind of having circles that you that I mean, people can actions certain level of people can actions that you are working with.

Matthias Miller  29:01
Correct? Yeah. Correct. But you know, truepoint sales team, it is an example where you're working involved in building a team, but they're not my team. So, you know, it doesn't mean that Yeah, I mean, it doesn't doesn't predicate me them needing to be employed by me. Sure. Fair. Fair. The, you know, the big question is Well, yeah. You know, isn't maybe the biggest hesitation is, is there an asset that I'm building? Right? Yep. Useful or is it possible to It is also possible to have a similar type of work of you actually owning the asset, but me capturing shared upside in what we're building as well.

Unknown Speaker  30:11
Sure. It's also fair all

Matthias Miller  30:15
depend on who writes the paycheck? Yep. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 1  30:23
Well, I'm, I'm open to discussions there. And I've just Well, I kind of feel like to keep puzzling over things a bit. And I'm, I'm pretty sure that Well, the next big pieces that I'm really structurally trying to arrange are the marketing process. Well, the sales process is on right now the marketing process with rosewood and the financial process with Joel. And but I am, I am totally open to further discussions. I mean, you know, beyond that. So

Matthias Miller  31:01
go ahead, I think, to your point, and we've talked about splitting the retail versus custom brand. Right. And I don't know exactly how we do this. Maybe Maybe there is no good way to do this. Maybe. Maybe it makes more sense for CCI to I don't know, I don't know, rosewood will have input on that. It's not a question in my mind. Ask the answer immediately.

Speaker 1  31:27
No, sure. Yeah. Oh, crud. Okay. Well, so on the newsletters? What are what are you waiting on wishing for from me? Either input or anything else?

Matthias Miller  31:47
And then CCI have any interest in sending it to their any of their clients or prospects or not particularly?

Matthias Miller  32:02
probably find it the answer? No.

Speaker 1  32:05
Well, I think the answer, okay, first of all, it'd be well, I like your writing. So I think the answer might be yes. The what would i What would I wish to do? You know.

Speaker 1  32:38
I mean, I could consider, you know, I don't even know what it would look like I would, but I could consider somehow using

Speaker 1  32:56
Well, I could consider giving it as complimentary to, to the existing clients, you know, that just as you know, this is a complimentary issue courtesy of code crafters. Talk to us, and there's ways that you'd like to apply this to your current system, you know, that kind of thing. The prospects that kind of feel like, I don't know, maybe how much money, it would probably be a high profile prospect that I'd actually want to keep, you know, keep bothering or spending money on. And sometimes, I mean, I could also see the kind of thing where, Oh, my word, that phone call, you know what this is, these are the articles these people this is an article they need to see. And so kind of having a way to do a reprint version or something I could see as part I mean, could be interesting.

Speaker 1  34:04
So maybe that's part of the question. What the clients we didn't land in the past three years. Which of them should I be spending? You know, whether it's $20 a year or 100 or $200 a year on on continuing to send them articles

Unknown Speaker  34:31
Merle her

Matthias Miller  34:35
Yep. Yeah. I mean, bald eagle. Surely, I don't know.

Matthias Miller  34:51
Some of them or some of these that I have done here, like Timberline would be better. Yep.

Matthias Miller  35:01
Not sure which other ones we have

Matthias Miller  35:12
those are some of the key ones that come to mind.

Unknown Speaker  35:18
Yeah, that makes sense.

Speaker 1  35:47
So well, and so probably the next question is, you know, what would? I mean? What would the financial deal look like? I mean, because it feels to me like at a certain point, I'd say, Well, I'm gonna, I'm gonna send them to anyone who's ever requested an article from me, which is, I don't actually think we want to do that. I think that's probably going to devalue it. The I could. I could certainly see, you know, sometimes if, if, if I have a sales call, and I think there's, hey, that one article will be great to send them, you know, paying for something like that. I could see paying potentially if at least, I don't know, if for every client that we've got, like, you know, some of our smallest clients. You know, do I really want to give up $250 A month a year for? But but certainly someone like faith builders, or we Berlin, definitely. You know, I could I could imagine that Triple D out. So, please, yeah, yeah, I mean, certainly, yeah, this is so that kind of thing. Could I could see as

Matthias Miller  37:12
I kind of think how that I'm thinking about it. Yeah, me charging charging you 250 is going to make sure that goes out to the people I want to go out to not wasted. It's more likely to land with my ideal as well. Or maybe it's the thing of where the effort is, you know, something closer to that versus like actual hard costs?

Speaker 1  37:43
Sure. Sure. Well, I'd say come up with your offer and then come up with a sample or two. And then Joel, and I can look at it and figure out what we want. Is that reasonable?

Speaker 2  37:55
Yep. Yep.

Speaker 1  37:59
So now, the other thing is, if you could ever sneak that thing into code, drafters marketing, marketing package that we send out with SIM, is that kind of cool.

Matthias Miller  38:20
I get straight off the bat, send it over to Delbert? And I think he would. Sure.

Speaker 1  38:28
Well, and I guess what you could do is, why not? Why couldn't you send it to Delbert? And then just say, hey, you know, would you be interested in me sending a complimentary copy to, to your people? So, once a year, right, if you want to pay for that, yeah, I mean, and you've kind of you kind of pick your one of your best ones or something and

Matthias Miller  38:54
yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  38:59
But actually, I mean, quite frankly, I kind of think too, I mean, basically the people that you and I both want to intersect with more than anything anyone else. I mean, it's great to find the you know, the EB sis male stuff too and that's not a bad thing. But actually finding the you know, the the Scott what's his face, Scott Hoover's, and the, you know, either gaming consultants, etc. The another interesting idea would be to reach out to Anabaptist financial, and say, you know, I've got this newsletter here. It's, I normally charge 250. A year for, would you I'd be willing to offer a complimentary to each of your 50 business coaches if you if you want to do that. I I mean, that's actually pretty clever.

Speaker 1  40:08
Anyway, I don't care if you do or not. But that's, that's pretty interesting actually.

Matthias Miller  40:15
In here's the thing that I've been thinking about, there's really two angles to this one is through the ideal clients, and who are basically referral partners. Exactly, exactly. Yep. And I've wondered, too, if there should be something special? You know, I don't know, like, what do you do in insert as they are? Is there anything more that you probably develop as far as the referral partner? Or do just classify them as such internally for your own list segmentation, and still write for your target audience?

Speaker 1  40:46
I think you're right for your target audience. I think you're totally right for your target target audience. Because those the referral partners will understand it.

Matthias Miller  40:58
Right. Yeah.

Speaker 1  41:02
And, yeah, and I totally think you do that. See, and I think there's two kinds of referral partners. One is someone like AF, where they really can't take any money from, from the referral, because of conflict of interest. And so they're you just provide it and you smile when they send people your way. And the other one is someone like Craig, where you say, hey, Craig, you know, here's a newsletter. If you send someone my way, then this is the, you know, this is what I'll give you. So

Matthias Miller  41:36
how would you turn those differences?

Matthias Miller  41:48
Instead of owes and conflict of interest, incentivize, or?

Speaker 1  41:57
I would call what I would call I would call Craig. The, I would call him a marketing partner. I think so. Or something like that. marketing partner or sales further, or sales partner? And then

Matthias Miller  42:29
unity partner?

Unknown Speaker  42:32
Sure. Oh, maybe.

Speaker 1  42:43
I mean, it's almost like an influence. I mean, and I'm not quite influencer. A and are you thinking just internally or when you're writing to them?

Matthias Miller  42:54
No, and well, it's, it's internally predominantly, but if somebody's not getting a referral fee, then if somebody has a potential getting a referral fee, it might be good to put in every single answer to say hey, do you can you think of anybody who might be you know, meet these categories? And so we'll give you your complimentary sure Yep.

Unknown Speaker  43:25
Yeah, I don't know offhand. I mean

Speaker 1  43:35
I mean, for the conflict of interest people do you ever even need do you even need a name for them? I mean, there's really just what is it it's

Matthias Miller  43:50
okay, well, I don't know that externally I need to do internally are you gonna have to clear my head but these are the people okay. These are the people who are writing to you. These are the people who are listening in Sure. separately in their minds, yeah.

Speaker 1  44:15
network connections, Community Connections. Influencer just sounds like makeup and smartphones but the

Unknown Speaker  44:37
movers and shakers. Connectors

Matthias Miller  45:00
super connectors

Unknown Speaker  45:02
sure sure

Matthias Miller  45:05
and then the the others are paid referrals that they're

Unknown Speaker  45:15
fine with me

Matthias Miller  45:18
I'm not sure what I'm asking you because I like your input

Speaker 1  45:22
yeah i mean i i don't care that is but Pedro is it paid referrals or paid refers

Matthias Miller  45:31
you for sure yeah it's true

Speaker 1  45:38
I kind of think that it sales partner or something or marketing partner is a little bit more delicate but I but that the other one is more Chris I don't care I don't mind if you

Matthias Miller  45:51
think those burdens fine yeah

Matthias Miller  46:07
and then I might want one for a

Matthias Miller  46:16
we call it let's say somebody just really wants it and as a paid subscriber but he's not really in my audience

Speaker 1  46:37
okay, you could have a Is there anyone I mean, you could have a hate target paid target subscriber and a paid

Unknown Speaker  46:58
other subscriber and you could have a complimentary target subscriber

Matthias Miller  47:07
Do you have an ideal client ideal prospect that's good and then sure

Matthias Miller  47:20
I mean non ideal subscriber is really kind of one

Unknown Speaker  47:32
non ideal friends puny small minded

Matthias Miller  47:59
let's just call it the scraper and then put in parentheses not ideal plan.

Speaker 1  48:04
Or what about just not as subscriber in parentheses non target Sure. That sounds I would really hate for one of these guys to see their name next to non ideal. But But and not, not target there is. There is no there is no value statement. It's just this is not who I'm targeting targeting.

Matthias Miller  48:31
Right. I like that.

Speaker 1  48:37
Yeah. And then you could also have something like a I don't know what you call it, but sponsored subscribers and like that for the ones that I provide.

Matthias Miller  48:50
But I would I would do a I'm gonna have CCI categories. Sure. Okay, sure. Receive CCI proclaim prospect. I flagged some that I'm gonna like it, but I want to include them in the mailing list and sure, yeah, that's actually sign off on it. Yeah. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  49:12
We take a look to see if I can use letters lists. Okay.

Matthias Miller  49:19
Um, CWA is the SP CTK.

Speaker 1  49:57
Yeah, like I probably would just It is good it's close to right though you know for if you want to use

Matthias Miller  50:10
we could we could split yours as CCI ideal client and CCI nontarget client and I think that might even be helpful. I could charge you different rates where I'd be comfortable with that. Sure, sure. What do you think of that? Yeah,

Speaker 1  50:28
I mean that sounds that's probably sounds fair and maybe come up with some way to figure out you know, how do you you know, how do you end up different I mean, yeah, anyway

Matthias Miller  50:48
differentiate. Yeah,

Speaker 1  50:49
I mean, maybe just some basic guidelines of how we kind of think of these things so yeah, well, I

Matthias Miller  50:57
think we can did DAG is probably the first one that we could.

Unknown Speaker  51:04
Yeah, good. I guess

Unknown Speaker  51:12
that's interesting. We've got a lot of good clients there

Speaker 1  51:21
and then the prospects are probably a little bit easier to weed out

Matthias Miller  51:26
one way or the other. Yeah, I'm gonna say I'm just saying actually and I think Larry otter should be on well actually, if anything Larry Otto might make sense from a third house perspective more than a I don't know if we should even take him out sure dropping in

Matthias Miller  51:58
anyway, once again, we can wait until then But let's actually do one other thing if I change the order this

Matthias Miller  52:16
better sort of ideal client PCI ideal prospect CCI?

Matthias Miller  52:35
CCI clients your prospects? Ah

Matthias Miller  52:51
there we go. That'll sort better

Matthias Miller  53:15
would you on the referral for the G tapas and switching as well and it could make sense to in some way or given a substantial discount? Or it's only do the ones that are actually seriously interested in it.

Unknown Speaker  53:38
Now say that again, the the

Matthias Miller  53:42
for the referral.

Unknown Speaker  53:46
And how many, how many refers Do you think you have actually

Matthias Miller  53:51
I have not gone through this very in depth and I don't actually know. Sure. Some of them are much higher quality and much higher likelihood of actually. How do you gauge the quality of them? For example, I don't want to just get through these letters because somebody says, Oh, hey, I mean, I could do this, right.

Unknown Speaker  54:31
Nobody's going to be

Speaker 1  55:11
By the way, I just want one guy on LinkedIn here. I have been starting to be much more aggressive about unfollowing people on LinkedIn, and it's wonderful.

Speaker 1  55:26
So I don't know for sure. I mean, I guess I'd have to go through I mean. Okay, and one thing you could consider doing is on your super connectors, like, I don't know, some of these, you may just decide to, okay, some of these are gonna say, Well, this is a high value enough person that I'm going to keep, they're gonna get it whether you want to or not,

Unknown Speaker  55:59
unless they, you know, unless they actively asked me not to. And, and other ones, you might say, Hi, I'm going to,

Speaker 1  56:13
um, you know, send them send it to them once a year, and say, let me know how I mean, you know? I don't know, I don't I'm not sure how you whether you actually offer them to be marketing partners, or, you know, how do they express enough interest that you're actually willing to send it to them?

Speaker 1  56:40
And some of you might just, you might send them a copy and say, Hey, let me know, if you would like to, I mean, if you'd like to be getting these regularly. So they have at least have to be that proactive to get them. So anyway, like Asher Whitmer, I don't, I don't think you're gonna get a lot of business out of him, unless he becomes a sales partner. And then he might be motivated to stir up contacts for you.

Matthias Miller  57:17
I mean, it could be that if you can produce five contacts, they're my ideal client. You can do a referral then you get a free annual subscription Sure. Yep, yep. If you're a lower end kind of person, again, we Yeah. Okay, good. I don't know that we need to belabor that I can keep

Speaker 1  57:47
trying. Yeah. And I really don't know I mean, yeah, at this point, I'd say yeah, next step for me is I think to see content to hear pricing and then we go from there so

Matthias Miller  58:01
yeah, yep. We'll see.

Speaker 1  58:06
Um, let's see. Do I have anything else let me check

Matthias Miller  58:14
out plenty to work on if you don't

Speaker 1  58:17
I totally understand. So the one sheet to share with business coaches Yes. We were going to try to finalize that last paragraph where he gave us said we do accounting inventory HR information collection other software needs

Matthias Miller  58:34
to do the back

Speaker 1  58:37
if I can put it in the Google back here just a second we started with this Okay, so and then he said.

Speaker 1  59:04
preciously be so hard to select text in a PDF copy

Matthias Miller  59:17
are my google doc go there we go.

Unknown Speaker  59:27
Okay, that's in the Google doc second to last. Oh, they also

Speaker 1  59:43
they changed the last paragraph a little bit but I'm not really care about that. Probably made it better actually. But what I'm concerned about is this line right here.

Matthias Miller  59:58
What don't you like about it?

Unknown Speaker  1:00:01
Let me think, well, do we really want to list accounting first? Is it to be likes? Do we like? Sales? I mean do we likes sales more than accounting? I mean, I do we do even like HR in there.

Matthias Miller  1:00:31
You haven't actually done any, you know, any active claims on HR. Exactly.

Speaker 1  1:00:36
So, and even on accounting, I, I'm just I am still not telling me I'm wrong. I'm still not pushing accounting right now. I mean, affordable barns great, but not that there's such a rare.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:31
Yeah?

Unknown Speaker  1:01:42
Do you want to say financial analysis or just skip it?

Unknown Speaker  1:01:51
Don't know if we want to or not, but

Matthias Miller  1:01:55
it actually gets close enough to counting.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:58
Yeah, I think so too.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:10
Okay, I think with that. So if we if I just say for other software needs. Otherwise, I think I'm ready to just accept what they've done and call it good. How's that?

Speaker 1  1:02:29
I might. Yeah, thank you. But that's fine. I needed your help. I do think I might add a proposal. They also include the code crafters call link. So

Matthias Miller  1:02:41
it sounds good. Yeah, I

Speaker 1  1:02:44
just had my first collision today, yesterday or whatever. So anyway, good. Um, I think that is let me double check my emails.

Matthias Miller  1:02:53
Did Michelle and get back to you?

Unknown Speaker  1:02:55
Not yet, but I'm not worried. So. Good. Good, good. Good. Good. Well, I think that's it. That's it for now. And

Speaker 1  1:03:11
Yepper, it's interesting. Sales has been a little bit quiet. Again, it has been we had kind of a rush there. And it's quiet again. And I do think, well, I'm going to be traveling for a month. I do think that you and I should be talking about? Is there more I shouldn't be doing on the sales process, then. I mean, I guess mostly backwards looking. Should I be combing through past leads and stuff and try to see if there's things that can scare out of there? Or

Matthias Miller  1:03:45
maybe I think you might want to get bent on a call. I mean, we've reassigned a bunch of incidents over the air would have been okay. For me. And, and I think it could be worth doing a recall. And like, even if it's an hour a week, you know, maybe one week you go find everybody you should try to call and the next week you just go call him up. Yep. And alternate that for a few weeks and see what comes out of it. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:04:13
That next thing is, well, once we've got these papers, then I'd like to start making some Do you think I do networking calls? before? Before I start the rosewood marketing? Probably I mean, yeah, yeah. So for example, I could send

Matthias Miller  1:04:37
Well, go ahead. I mean, it's a great opportunity to reach out you have this one pager and then yeah, four months from now you say, Okay, can you talk again, and he just put this together? Like, sure, sure. Yep. Unless you really think you're gonna botch the conversation somehow, which I don't think that in your future. Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:04:57
Yeah, and Um do? How do I get printed copies of the one pager to them? Is there? Is there an easy way to print them online and send it? Or should I have them? So I can write a handwritten note on them and send them?

Matthias Miller  1:05:17
I don't know how you want to do it. I have a quick send accounts is what I've been using it's basically the Twilio for Mail feature

Matthias Miller  1:05:40
it's a hassle to print your own place unless you print a bunch of copies and you have your all your supplies on hand. But I can see

Matthias Miller  1:05:53
I can also see value in that doesn't take that much.

Speaker 1  1:05:59
Yeah, cuz presumably. I mean, presumably, if I have a large pay down envelope with the right stamp on it, then I could just, I mean, it could be as simple as, you know, writing their address on writing a short note dropping, you know, sticking and, you know, 10 or 20 of these things, and

Matthias Miller  1:06:23
you might want to do next to be if you're giving them these to hand out, you might want to put it in a priority mail envelope or something like that.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:31
Sure. Yep. Yep. That makes sense. How many would you send someone typically?

Matthias Miller  1:06:45
Well, one of them getting physical copies? I say it again. Oh,

Speaker 1  1:06:55
right. That's fair. Well, and do you think they want physical copies? Or do they just want an E copy?

Matthias Miller  1:07:06
I was just thinking I had in mind you were just gonna send that one. So was that something that? Sure.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:11
I see. I see.

Matthias Miller  1:07:25
What if I mean, could you just feel like you don't really have good information to make the decision? I mean, could you just ask whenever you talk to them, and just start asking them or ask somebody like Steve, say, Hey, Steve, and I do this presentation, would it be helpful for them to have these physical papers? Or? I don't know. I feel will.

Speaker 1  1:07:57
Yeah. Okay. Well, I mean, yeah. See, I'm guessing if you ask most people, they'll just say, I'll just email it to me, where there may be some value in a physical copy, although I don't know for sure. I mean, because then they leave it lying around and stuff.

Matthias Miller  1:08:16
Yeah. So I mean, that is that is the advantage. I think I think maybe regardless, you Okay, so do that for me. Maybe regardless, it would make sense always in that one physical copy. Sure. And I mean, if you want to make it really hard for them to throw it away, go send them a laminated copy.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:40
Sure. Just click Send do that.

Matthias Miller  1:08:44
Like send it Sure. Sure. Yeah. Yeah, there you won't regret throwing away if you change it. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:08:57
sure. Okay, fair. Well, I'll see how soon I get I don't know if I'm gonna get into any of the marketing because I really need to push on Rosewood. Actually, myself. I need to put that on me. This month list the paperwork that they need for that.

Matthias Miller  1:09:18
So all good. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:20
Thank you, sir.

Matthias Miller  1:09:22
Awesome. Yep. Awesome.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai