Speaker 1  01:01
You are connected to computer audio what in the world?

Matthias Miller  01:06
Hey, would you looking at a computer audio?

Unknown Speaker  01:11
I have a new game to play the new game is guess where Matthias is

Matthias Miller  01:21
gonna never know.

Unknown Speaker  01:22
ineptitude. Where are you today? Home Office? Did you do that? Did you do the pine? Chip lab?

Matthias Miller  01:36
No, I did not. I had local should company do that. Nice. Yep.

Speaker 1  01:44
Well, it's more interesting than the walls. You're at your other office?

Matthias Miller  01:48
Yeah, I've had this thought of it'd be really cool to. I don't know. It's about at the bottom of my list of making it look pretty. My office. All right.

Speaker 1  01:59
Let's I want to dive in and knock something out really fast. Because I think you're gonna you're gonna figure it out fairly quickly. Let's see here. If I can share my screen, please.

Matthias Miller  02:14
Yes, sorry, go.

Speaker 1  02:17
I absolutely hate this. I every single time that I've done this, I get this rude awakening when I go off and create a brand new, restricted user profile. And then things don't work. And I have to message Josh and say, hey, whatever magic you do, can you please do it again? Yep, I don't. Did nobody knows seems to know what magic he does to make the restricted user suddenly work and whiskey.

Matthias Miller  02:44
No, nobody knows. You need to ask him.

Speaker 1  02:49
So maybe he needs I should send him some of this and that he'll let me they can tell me. Chick Fil A's. Oh, chick flicks. Okay, so you can see my, my CRM for window Burkholder.

Speaker 2  03:06
Yes, okay. Yep. Okay, so

Speaker 1  03:10
when I do the new contacts in anywhere else, but when I'm in restricted user, it does not autofill the assigned salesperson. If I do it on my regular profile, if I do it anywhere else at any time else, it will work just fine. But if I click New Contact No, no love just ignore it. I'm gonna call so I talked with Nick about this today. And he said the editable macro that assigns that that's supposed to punch that in there is by current something user does not seem to work for restricted users.

Matthias Miller  03:54
Okay, run this loop just one moment. Or when you're going from where to where? Sorry, space for a moment. All right,

Unknown Speaker  04:04
hold on a second. Let's do so this is the new contact. When you do a new contact. Let's go back where it's the

Matthias Miller  04:21
same Where are you doing it off of the roof or what? Oh,

Unknown Speaker  04:28
it's one it's the one you it's because

Matthias Miller  04:32
because what you want to use is actually that guy so if you go into settings in the button

Unknown Speaker  04:48
Okay, hold on a second.

Matthias Miller  04:50
So let's find out what you're doing. You made the button.

Unknown Speaker  04:56
Don't Don't lie me you made the button.

Matthias Miller  05:04
Hey, you're the one who asked for the button how dysfunctional can we get? Okay, I'm going to stop showing there's no limit, apparently.

Speaker 1  05:21
Okay, so where is this silly thing? It's on the opportunities report of

Matthias Miller  05:28
what just happened No, that's not it.

Speaker 1  05:31
It's an opportunity it's the opportunities report of online sales team. Nope, nope. Go to the online sales team.

Matthias Miller  05:41
You weren't running huh?

Speaker 1  05:44
Yeah, I am. It looks a little bit different because I made things look a little different but it's your it's still it's your opportunities one right there the button inside of this guy New Contact Yes.

Matthias Miller  06:05
Oh. Should be assigned to the current user or the selected salesperson

Speaker 1  06:25
that right there. The CRM cockpit that's exactly what I want.

Unknown Speaker  06:32
Let's see if this is no joy, reclaimed,

Unknown Speaker  06:40
still no joy? Why not?

Matthias Miller  06:47
Let's see what it does do that. Sign salesperson. Oh, because it's let me try this with this guy? Just my other, my alter ego.

Matthias Miller  07:25
Work. There you go. Wow, boom.

Speaker 1  07:30
All right, let's let me see how Bumi you are? Hold on one second.

Unknown Speaker  07:35
Hallelujah.

Speaker 1  07:36
Indeed, indeed. For who? Whatever. Whatever magic you assign. What's the what's the claim by current user checkbox for then?

Matthias Miller  07:50
It's for when you actually the current user actually works. We did some.

Matthias Miller  07:58
What is it? What does that even mean? I forget the details normally, in most systems,

Speaker 1  08:14
because if I go, if I go create a new contact, it's working now to drop me in. But if I click that the claim by current user, it takes my name out.

Matthias Miller  08:26
Like we're not using the the typical user ID linking here for some reason, I don't I have no idea why? Well, there we are,

Speaker 1  08:34
because they don't work. The current user concept thing, for some reason does not work with restricted users, because Josh built all of the cockpit stuff that he was working on, built with the whole contact, current user contact or whatever, won't pull the information in?

Matthias Miller  08:49
Well, because it's not, it's not linked. I mean, what we should do is

Unknown Speaker  08:56
you're talking about the link down at the very, very bottom.

Matthias Miller  08:58
Like I would think and I'm not sure why we're not using this. But

Speaker 1  09:02
Well, the reason we're not using is because way back when we first started down some of these conversations, linking them actually caused some weird things to happen.

Matthias Miller  09:10
Well, so there you go. It's because that's the way you're supposed to do it, and we don't do it.

Speaker 1  09:15
Okay, so what happens if we did it? Well, I don't know that I have to go rewrite all my reports and take out the CRM cockpit stuff.

Matthias Miller  09:25
We'll do a name change and an update to switch it over. But I don't know what's gonna break.

Unknown Speaker  09:30
Well, that's the scary part.

Matthias Miller  09:34
Knows what didn't work in the past.

Speaker 1  09:37
Well, no, I think, I think I think it was pre I think it was pre before we were before Josh had this stuff ready. And really what I should do is I should go test one of mine and link it in, and then go and try it. The problem is I spent so who knows what time last night chasing down all the different current user spots and replacing the CRM cockpit That relates me to go change them all back.

Matthias Miller  10:04
Well if you if we get it to the point that we need to switch them all back, I mean, we can do one of two. I mean, we could just change the cerium cockpits current sales rep. Just change the definition to

Unknown Speaker  10:19
yeah

Speaker 1  10:25
hold on one second. I'm talking to Leanne who's hiding you can't quite see her this is what you're trying to tell me. I'm supposed to send them off to because No,

Speaker 3  10:43
you get it when you get it? I don't know. Like, you didn't know you were supposed to send them out and it's only that 20 of them December

Speaker 1  10:49
No, they were supposed to hold on hold on Matthias

Matthias Miller  10:53
that's it. Yeah, well it looked like it looks like Mike wants some of them earlier because yeah, he sent an email saying

Speaker 2  12:19
asking if you could send it to Ronaldo and copy him on it. But

Matthias Miller  12:26
yeah, looks like he wants some of them a little earlier possible is that is that something that takes a lot of time or?

Unknown Speaker  12:38
No, I'll get it out to

Speaker 2  12:41
get Yeah, just reference his email that he sent sometime today okay. That's all I needed thanks for

Speaker 1  13:01
now does is blowing up this court trying to get a hold of me saying ask him in office? You can answer all right, you answer him. Ah, this is how besides probably feel some day when I'm trying to chase him down.

Speaker 1  13:21
It here's the here's the interesting thing is somebody said something recently that says said something to the effect of the urgent is never important. And the important is never urgent. That would be true. All right. So back to whatever we were talking about.

Matthias Miller  13:43
Well, I mean, we can what I said is we could what it was saying is we could replace the macro, the CRM topic, current sales rep and just change the definition for starters to contact current user that whatever point you want to

Speaker 1  14:01
wait so Oh, you're saying just take How would know I think I think we just carry on for right now. And I think at some point, we probably ought to go back and fix it. I probably.

Matthias Miller  14:15
Well, we're gonna have a project slated for next summer to go clean up the CRM. Okay. I don't know where you're going to come over to you. I need to go work from inside the moment. Good. What else you got?

Unknown Speaker  14:42
Me, let me send off this email.

Speaker 3  14:48
I told you I have it by end of day. So I established a very reasonable timeframe. Now we know

Speaker 1  14:54
he's gonna get it now. So I don't have to tell you. There's no reason to stress about it. but not I'm just gonna send it. All right, what else do I have? Well, Mark didn't communicate apparently. And so let's see where's? Ah, yes. You? Well, you went somewhere. Are you on mute?

Matthias Miller  15:23
I am you need me again.

Speaker 1  15:25
So, you wanted to discuss? You want me to wait?

Matthias Miller  15:29
Give me one minute. I'll be right back

Speaker 1  15:31
all right oh, did Nick fix the x 30? Let's go find out I do not look forward to

Speaker 1  16:13
picking March teams. Did he do the x 30? Update building notes input x 30. Did he put it in? Okay, now that's going to be right into the correct spot. So let's go over to my recent sales. And let's see be punched in. Okay, you wanted to talk about the pathway for something?

Matthias Miller  16:41
Yeah, so we have the utmost deep data permission now?

Speaker 1  16:47
Did Josh fix it so that it works for sales orders and not buildings or buildings forever?

Matthias Miller  16:55
It works on both but it's import only on either one. But that's not what you wanted?

Speaker 1  17:05
Well, I guess we can write an X 30 To write notes to the sales order. But I mean, are we can write I guess the next 30 To write payments to the sales order?

Matthias Miller  17:13
Oh, no, because the sales are Okay, nevermind. Oh,

Speaker 1  17:16
I had I had asked him I had asked him to, I thought I had asked him to change it to where it does not allow you to view the building record or to change the building record, which I have the X like, I went live this morning with my new one where the building like dealers do not have access to the building record. Okay. Now, I probably could click Edit most data and they could still edit the sales order at this point. I'm not letting them we'll see where I go with that. But that would be a potential pathway. If it's not the pathway, you're talking about where you could like limit them from fielding records.

Matthias Miller  17:58
Yeah, but we don't want to I'm just trying to figure out I don't know it's one of those loose ends these. I mean, it looks like Josh isn't loosened up. Well, I don't know when the latest one was last time I checked here.

Unknown Speaker  18:16
last update.

Matthias Miller  18:18
Yeah, but I'm not sure if I'm seeing what I'm looking at the source not at the actual notice the actual assist. Go to dev components. This was as of 15 He might have fixed it since then I could do an update find out I'm on my head. Oh, um It's just as a niggling thing of like, whenever Josh gets that fix to go fix up the Online Sales Team permissions, and it's one of those small obnoxious things that I either want to completely forget about and never do or get done.

Speaker 1  18:57
Well, okay, so tell me what, tell me what you want the chase with it. Like? Well, like if you could wave the magic wand and go fix it, what would it look like?

Matthias Miller  19:06
Well, then I mean, presumably you'd have full edit access to the sales order. You said you want to restricted access to the building record and perhaps you'd have an X 30 on the building record that says what deadline date Do you want this adjusted to or whatever it is? I mean, can we can we list on one hand the things that the change they need to make to the building record and then just give them extra days to do that? And is that what you're looking to do?

Speaker 1  19:28
I mean, currently we should theoretically currently we could do that.

Matthias Miller  19:33
Or should the well except it locks down the sales order as well which well, if you if we

Speaker 1  19:39
said they do not have access to the detail screen the building record remove that detail screen but give them access to the sales order record and give them an edit most access you would essentially have the exact same thing are you if you with me? If

Matthias Miller  19:57
so you would you would not give them the Edit You would still give them the utmost data permission but you would remove you would not let them pull up a building record and then you recreate next redo change the building build date.

Speaker 1  20:08
Well, I don't know, I don't know that you would need to change the building built the building build date you could make can we make those edits? Can Can we have editable reports on user restricted user profile? Why would we just put the deadline date

Matthias Miller  20:24
field specifically it's specifically for oh, well,

Speaker 1  20:28
you could do an X 30 potential but I mean, they have the capability to do the the like you can you can alter the build date at the time of sale it would be post sale that you're trying to accommodate for. Did that happen?

Matthias Miller  20:55
Yeah, do they need to view the building record for any other reason? No.

Unknown Speaker  21:03
And already have an X 30 for the notes

Matthias Miller  21:13
well it's a matter of figuring out what we want to tighten and how we want it

Speaker 1  21:20
so you are you are your Hanwell watch my call it you want to go into it? You want to go toward the one I just did? Sure store goods go go go add yourself to the brick and mortar to your your Hanwell one what dealer Are you tied to for this

Matthias Miller  22:10
tripoint online

Speaker 1  22:11
okay. I did the the contacts and opportunities whole thing a little bit different than what you had just because I wanted to see context which you have to have a content which Okay, riddle me this. So there's one thing I don't like about what's going on here. If there's no context for this person, the opportunities button doesn't show the opportunity to unities report doesn't show which means I have no way to create a new context so I had to put test context in for everybody don't laugh at me

Matthias Miller  22:45
well but for their first contact, they could still just do a you could have a new contact button if you want it to. Well,

Speaker 1  22:56
I had i At first I went and put a new contact on the contact report but then once once the opportunities one opens up and you had two new contact buttons, which was kind of janky

Matthias Miller  23:11
Well, part of the problem is you're Hijacking My

Unknown Speaker  23:14
report your report What do you mean

Matthias Miller  23:17
I'm trying to I said you said this is what you said this is my No you did you

Speaker 1  23:21
know the opportunities ones they have the one that's yours? And I actually copied it over to my brick and mortar and I just never tied into that sub pain

Matthias Miller  23:34
well I mean, moves the new contact button from the middle pane to the main.

Speaker 1  23:43
Oh, that's a really good really good point. Don't you laugh at me to touch you touch the big bucks here. Well, okay, but it's on your Okay. Well, it's on your opportunities. Your Online Sales one and I didn't want I didn't want to mess with you.

Matthias Miller  24:05
That's what I was saying. It's, it's, it's that's that was my point about what you hijacking it. So it doesn't really make sense.

Speaker 1  24:13
No, okay. So I need to go fix that. It's my I'll fix it. That's my

Matthias Miller  24:18
negotiate. If you can negotiate with my team and say, Hey, guys, what do you think about this new listing report? Have you liked it better? Yeah,

Speaker 1  24:28
but you have stuff on yours that some other reports that I don't need for brick and mortar people and ultimately, I think they probably can be separate. Okay, so hold on a second. I'm gonna go find your contact and sign your assign you a contact so you have one the other

Matthias Miller  24:44
thing you could do is you could always put the sales rep themselves into the report. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  24:54
Okay, where's delighful? At where's the

Matthias Miller  24:56
L here? Check this out. Dude, check this out. All right. I just solved your problem. Okay. So what did you do? Oh, we showed myself in the report.

Speaker 1  25:09
Ah, well how old are you? Okay, so now there you go. Actually, I'm gonna sign you. Marissa What is this new version of this is vs. I want to Oh and by the way I changed it up a little bit and I did the the way Josh was doing some things was a little bit weird but I a contact report assigns drops in all contexts that are assigned to to that person. Okay, what's your user? What's your user name?

Matthias Miller  25:41
Matthias Miller sales rep.

Speaker 1  25:43
Oh, this is not one come on. Alexis shits direct. Now that's an external contact What am I doing? Stop it contract type customer Give it to me all right. Alex There you are. Mr. Ellis I'm gonna sign your lovely self back over to Matthias Miller

Unknown Speaker  26:08
truepoint online

Unknown Speaker  26:10
all right. There you go refresh

Matthias Miller  26:17
refresh yourself refreshing myself I'm So refresh. There

Speaker 1  26:22
you go. There you go. The left hand pane does nothing for your for your for your opportunity pain. That's just a report or your own context.

Matthias Miller  26:33
Oh, it doesn't Well, it probably

Speaker 1  26:35
should it probably should but your I need to go back and rework some things and I ran out of headspace last night because yes, it should. If you can do magic and fix it, you'd probably fix it faster and I can but but because I'm using your opportunities I'm using your opportunities report so I'm probably

Matthias Miller  26:59
not gonna be very dramatic about this. All right. No, that's that's one of the things about being a parent one of the best lessons in how to be dramatic

Speaker 1  27:13
isn't that going to alter yours? No. You did okay. You got to tie mine into my sub pain then.

Matthias Miller  27:25
Oh wait no this is your this is your this is your this is your stepping

Speaker 1  27:35
Wait a minute but boom. Okay, so now

Matthias Miller  27:46
well this is going to cause problems if you want to do it like this but

Unknown Speaker  27:52
do like what's

Matthias Miller  27:57
not only show the opportunity for the selected one baby electro name it's gonna look wonky if it's your own Yeah.

Speaker 1  28:07
What's all what's all that fourth intuition transmissions okay, but I mean, sewing your own name whatever I mean, eventually there's gonna be enough in there that it's not a big deal so now now it works by contact opportunity communication right Wait a minute. Go go back to the opportunity and go go make the make the tie the contact make that admin only viewable your opportunity pain Yeah, make it make make the story you can't change so they can't change the salesperson on this now, the other one, the middle pane

Matthias Miller  29:04
here. You want to do what? Okay,

Speaker 1  29:08
expand expand that report that the little button up in the top right hand corner of it? Yeah, there you go. Now hit the opportunities drop down. This guy up at the top up at the top? The ask you sorry, they ask the Ask prompt. Window sorry, hide the salesperson when MAKE IT admin only viewable

Matthias Miller  29:34
why it's filtered down to just the current user. Admin.

Speaker 1  29:39
Okay, got it. Yep. Well, Oh, I see what Nevermind. Nevermind. That's what you were okay. I puzzled over the the list that you were using for some of these and I was like, but that's not a list. Of course. It's not you're you're filtering it. Because you're so have smart

Matthias Miller  30:02
shocks that's a nice thing anybody said all day going

Speaker 1  30:08
I'm very happy to be the bearer of good news then let me see okay, so what okay let's go back to this let's go back to this open up a you know are you in Are you in your restricted user whatever new how many sales I wanted to test okay, where's my URL?

Matthias Miller  30:47
I can I could probably log in and then temporarily change my email address to one of the sales people's email address to impersonate

Speaker 1  30:55
well here's what I want to test I want to test this this our idea of making the sales over editable editable but yet no real access to this to the building record just make sure this actually works okay restricted user access go to brick and mortar to edits and most data shore save restriction settings do you detail screen a building is missing sales order is available okay all right, go to Sales in quotes Alright, so let's hold on let me go find a whole Do I have a sale that I can just hijack for the moment Oh, but you're in truepoint Okay tripoint online who's this? Who did this one

Unknown Speaker  32:15
got it right victory. You're gonna they're gonna lose one for the moment. Matthias Miller Okay. Refresh. Oh, the linked opportunity thing somewhere. Okay, does that is your linked opportunity, like

Speaker 1  32:35
alright, scroll into the scroll to the left. And click on the sales order. Click Edit. Yep, you can edit click on OK. Click on the building link bingo.

Matthias Miller  32:53
Yeah, but if I have a link it's because we walked down the buildings

Unknown Speaker  32:59
they don't have access to the Details screen of the buildings

Matthias Miller  33:02
well to the report that opens the detail screen to the buildings let's see if they have access to built to the to the building itself. But this is a report that finds a building that they don't have access to.

Speaker 1  33:17
Yeah, but the details I have a detailed screen for the how's that possible? The restricted user I said no access to detail screens.

Matthias Miller  33:28
Maybe I need to log out and log back in. Let's try that

Matthias Miller  33:46
an online sales team

Speaker 1  33:48
and I swear you switch yourself over to

Matthias Miller  33:52
the brick and mortar to Whoa, yeah, well,

Unknown Speaker  34:08
you tell me

Unknown Speaker  34:14
try this. Now building complete building type is

Unknown Speaker  34:26
how did you get how did you get over there? Going over what? How did you get to the actual building records?

Matthias Miller  34:34
I copied it over into my other account and let it redirect to the building record itself and then copy it back over capital URL back over and

Speaker 1  34:46
well, obviously they're not gonna be able to do that, but it should still it should still restrict you

Matthias Miller  34:52
know. I'm so confused why that's even. Okay, let's do it. I can again back to my user profile

Unknown Speaker  35:19
that time it didn't let you in.

Matthias Miller  35:21
That's the user profile doesn't let me do that. That is the weirdest thing can we replicate this? So let's go back into here. brick and mortar. No, not you. Wrecking mortar too. And we're going to say that you can now see

Matthias Miller  35:58
support contact because that's fine if people see that

Matthias Miller  36:06
oops Okay, fine. Okay, so then I go over here, copy this over and see Yep, you can see it. Go back over actually. Just kidding. You silly goose you What are

Unknown Speaker  36:28
you sure you didn't have some sort of fluke?

Matthias Miller  36:31
Hit it. It just straight up works Um,

Speaker 1  36:40
all right, hold on a second. Drop that URL, drop that URL to me. I want to see if I can replicate it. Since I'm in one as well

Matthias Miller  37:00
see? No, look.

Speaker 1  37:05
Oh my goodness, this dude, I just dropped straight into

Matthias Miller  37:14
Okay, so if I log out and log back in

Matthias Miller  37:29
it depends. It's cache. It's a caching bug. If I refresh it alternates.

Speaker 1  37:38
I'm been twice now. Log out. Are you for Refresh? Refresh, refresh. Click here to log back in. Yeah, no way. I'm straight in. You're saying it's a caching bug.

Matthias Miller  38:01
Yeah, depends on which back end processes serving the request.

Speaker 1  38:11
I mean, okay, for the for the for most people are not gonna be able to do this. Like, we're throwing things at this thing that not like they would have no restricted access user has no way to do this. Unless, unless I Well, no. Okay, so the question then is, if I if I hand them any URL, or is it just a URL that they've previously opened or what's the deal

Matthias Miller  38:33
it's the it's it has to do with the building record you clean the building record access.

Speaker 1  39:10
But FYI, if you wanted to use if you wanted to use some of the same methodology that I'm using the X 30 sitting in the brick and mortar user folder, and you could use you know, rebuild your your sales report and drop it in there to where you can write x 30s to building notes. And then you could remove the access to building record. Details screen.

Matthias Miller  39:43
Long term, do you want to have the online sales team only using expertise to modify the building record and only using accessories for the sales order?

Speaker 1  39:57
So you really do If you really can't, um, okay, aside from, aside from removing assessories, adding discounts, removing discounts and screwing up the payments, you can't complete the sales order from a user restricted user. So I feel a little bit like, it's not possible to completely mess up a bunch of things, if you only have access to the sales order. If you have access to the building record, well, then then you can cause all kinds of havoc.

Matthias Miller  40:28
Sure. Okay.

Speaker 1  40:31
So I'm fairly comfortable with having access to the sales order record. Because they can't mess with logistics there. They can't mess with the building there. They can add accessories, remove accessories, add discounts, move discounts, add payments, remove payments, which, you know, I think that needs to be a conversation about you know, you are taking your life in your own hands when you start removing or changing payment information on the payment section. But I mean, I think they need to have access to it so that they can add additional payments if a customer calls in. Okay, and I did, I did give you guys access to be able to resend out RTL contracts. And there is a hole what in the world go back to the main page? What go back there was news. What's the news? On the on the front?

Matthias Miller  41:30
This is for

Speaker 1  41:31
Oh, I thought you were in ours. I was like what is news? I've never seen news before. Nevermind, yeah, you're on your other thing. What was I gonna? What was I saying? Don't remember? Oh, II contracts? Yes, there is a document in the wiki underneath your online sales platform on how to change your RTO contract and resend it back out to the customer.

Matthias Miller  42:08
Okay. Do they know about it for

Speaker 1  42:12
Victoria was asking me so I wrote it up. I don't know if Marissa knows.

Matthias Miller  42:17
Me. Or I'm still still wrong with you.

Speaker 1  42:23
And I did, I did add the access for to the RTO contracts, reports and records so that you can resend the memo.

Matthias Miller  42:37
Maybe I'm just gonna do this good. So this one is discovered by external projects. And we're actually going to do this

Speaker 1  43:31
be honest, the whole restricted user thing makes my head hurt because the amount of reports that linked to reports and linking out through other reports that take you to other reports, and making sure that you get all of those reports linked into the restricted user thing is enough to make you want to go eat ice cream. Yeah. Yesterday, I'm like, Okay. What is this? Okay, okay, grab that one. Throw it in there. Okay, what is this? Okay, grab that one, throw it in there. It was a mess. Because I was I wanted to I wanted to track this a little bit differently than what you're doing from your opportunities. I'm actually doing it more from a from a contact record standpoint, like that kind of that workflow where you can create opportunities or create. Yeah, contact record opportunities and communications directly from the contact record, which by the way, there is some weird things over there. One of the things I don't know what to quite do with is if you have a new if you have a contact or Okay, let's say let's say you contact

Matthias Miller  44:49
I just realized I'm at the bottom of the hour and I've got something else here

Speaker 1  44:57
let me say this real quick. If you can, if You can, if you can write some sort of macros that when you select, I think it's either opportunities or communication from the contact record. It doesn't autofill the opportunity ID. If you do it from the button up top, it does, like all my reports. But from the record itself, the results screen. Correct.

Matthias Miller  45:27
Do you remember which one it was? We mean I mean, if it's the opportunity, ideally, would be the communication.

Speaker 1  45:38
Okay, so it's okay, the the URL on the contact record, once you've saved opportunity shows up. If you select it, it drives to a report rather than driving to the detail screen of a new opportunity. If it go to the detail screen, and you click new opportunity within the it's completely blank.

Speaker 1  46:07
Sorry, no, no, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I think I think I completely told you ignore everything I just said, I just realized my stupid mistake. I was clicking opportunities instead of new opportunity. Once easy, was okay. Good. All right. Hold on. I know I know. You gotta run home communication. No, sorry. It's the communication URL on the bottom of the opportunities. The one that was doing it drives you to report. Okay. That's the one sorry, I totally took you down a rabbit trail. Alright, bye.

Matthias Miller  46:50
Okay, thanks. We'll take a look.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai