Unknown Speaker  00:27
Good morning. Good morning. How's it going? Fantastic. How are you?

Speaker 1  00:38
I'm doing well doing well. But like I was just I don't know about you Tori. I felt so busy yesterday, with all

Unknown Speaker  00:49
day,

Speaker 1  00:51
I made it through the list and got the follow up. But it was like Holy moly. Lots of lots of time out in the dealer portal, right, like building different buildings.

Unknown Speaker  01:02
Oh, yeah, absolutely.

Speaker 1  01:04
I like your method of like taking screenshots because I find that like, some of them are repeats like, I don't know, like having a little library things to go back on. It's nice.

Speaker 2  01:16
Right? You can just shoot in the emails and copy and paste.

Speaker 1  01:19
Yeah, exactly. I was thinking about yesterday, because there was just so many to kind of painted like a brushstroke of samples of like, okay, so we need like a 12 by 24, barn and movement who people are a frame and just different, like configurations that seemed common.

Unknown Speaker  01:34
Yes, it saves a lot of time.

Speaker 1  01:39
I thought about that to Matthias. When we were I was looking at the opportunities page. And I was thinking, you know, when we get a book to follow up on like, after a weekend, I was wondering what would make it faster to get quotes out. And I was wondering, is there a way on the opportunities page summary, to publish the guests? Honestly, I think the size of the building is usually what really triggers the search for me as far as price point where it would say like, you know, 10 by 16, from where they input that on the query. And then I could then like address all of the 10 by 16, block clients at once, or quickly, kind of kind of batch them together. I don't know, that was the thought that came to be yesterday. I was like, this is interesting, because I was kind of ping pong around between the different sizes. So I was sending out the emails. I was just trying to think of a way to

Unknown Speaker  02:40
make it faster.

Matthias Miller  02:44
Definitely possible here. Let me see.

Unknown Speaker  02:50
Wow, great, though.

Speaker 1  02:52
I mean, would you use that tutorial? That's what I was thinking. I'm like,

Speaker 2  02:56
Yeah, that's something I didn't even think about. But yeah, that

Speaker 1  03:01
sounds some identical requests, like there. Yeah. But but because they're out of order, you end up kind of like jumping around and answering one person and then like for lunch later, it's the same type of inquiry. I definitely think Mondays is when we see those larger lists.

Unknown Speaker  03:24
Yeah, absolutely.

Speaker 1  03:26
Occasionally, I think based on the trends Matthias, you had showed us Wednesday night was also a heavy inquiry night and it does seem to I have noticed that a little bit like there is like a midweek spike. In the evenings. I don't know if it's exactly Wednesday, I'd have to go back and look at kind of like my email log, but

Matthias Miller  03:50
I can rerun that report to let me try it out now to see if I can.

Unknown Speaker  03:56
Okay, cool.

Matthias Miller  03:59
All right.

Speaker 3  04:01
gotta reload. Right Okay, I'm ready. Oh my gosh, that's sweet. Totally sweet.

Matthias Miller  04:29
Do you want the descriptor off? And just the size?

Speaker 1  04:35
Yes, just the spec, just the dimensions. This is great. And even just being able to spot the oddball sizes to like the custom requests is like a 20 by 20 on here. Yeah. That's so helpful. Oh yeah, I'm excited. Excited. Toria

Unknown Speaker  05:03
Yeah, I like he's got a whole lot easier.

Unknown Speaker  05:07
Oh, yeah. That's cool oh, yeah, that'll help a ton sir.

Speaker 2  05:40
Are these settings your Justin Matthias? Or are you coding to make this show up?

Matthias Miller  05:45
It's in the, it's the report setting. So it there is no coding required in the report itself. That's cool. Actually, let's do this

Unknown Speaker  06:03
well, let's maybe let's actually keep those

Matthias Miller  06:18
that's the advantage of having a really flexible database platform to build on. Alright, take a look at that. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  06:29
Oh, it's so nice. Yes, good. That's perfect. That's phenomenal.

Matthias Miller  06:38
There's a way to let's actually do this, there's a better way to do this, we could do one other thing.

Speaker 1  07:14
So question to this because I'm thinking, you know, I've been like I've been archiving and kind of keeping a library of some of these common requests like an eight by 12. A frame, you know, simple quote, can fire off to someone. Using Tory's method, because we learned we learned that the simpler the structure, the more likely they are to call back and then we're upselling from there, as opposed to sending the Mercer with like all the bells and whistles on it and Luxe flooring. So we've we've changed, and it's certainly holding true that folks are reaching back out and more with this method. But my question is, if I do save a few things, like a screenshot of a building, or even a screenshot of a price, what if there's an update in bracing and the dealer portal? And is that kind of widely known? Or is that happened just as material costs change? What does that look like when we go through any type of pricing changes in our buildings?

Matthias Miller  08:20
I have a question for you.

Unknown Speaker  08:28
I'm sorry, were you were you talking to me?

Unknown Speaker  08:31
Yeah. Go ahead.

Speaker 1  08:35
Just want to know, you know, if if prices change on buildings in the configurator, you know, based upon all of the contributing factors of inflation, supply demand, etc. Is that or is there a notification that kind of goes out? Or is that just something that happens? Behind the scenes? And then we will know, what does that like?

Speaker 4  08:57
Absolutely. It would be everybody gets notified Absolutely. Of a change coming. And but then at that given time, everything will change within this, like on a given day. And certainly, certainly you won't be surprised in that. And there's usually good opportunities there. If there is a change in pricing, like price increase for some, some, you know, calls to action for customers to close before you know, the changes come typically give at least a couple of days notice so that there's some ample time for those last customers to come across.

Speaker 3  09:44
Okay, gotcha. Thanks, Michael. I speak to you.

Speaker 2  09:50
Question Are overhangs required on a barn style building with vinyl siding? I noticed in the configurator it keeps adding the overhangs like And I take it off. So is that is that a requirement on the vinyl barn? For the vinyl,

Speaker 4  10:12
the vinyl barn is has been a little unique creature, way, way back. There has always been overhangs on our vinyl barns as a standard the some of the way they're constructed, etc. And so on the A frame you're able to sell with or without. But then on the barn style that is becomes a standard thing on the vinyl ones is why we'd be ending it back in. So it's one of those little unique features.

Speaker 2  10:50
Okay, that's great. You know, I was I'll be here. Yesterday, I was getting frustrated with the configurator. Like, what are you doing? Why do you keep adding these? So that's good to know for sure.

Unknown Speaker  11:04
Good.

Speaker 4  11:12
If nobody has something pressing, I thought maybe we could dive into that little, I could share that little story. We heard about that guy that was trying to hold his shed that the homeowner made. Is that the most? Is there any value in that? Or is there something more important? We can certainly hold off on that until it's like not getting till it's the most important thing on the list.

Speaker 1  11:37
I do not have any pressing questions this morning regarding clients. So let's hear the story. I'm up for it.

Speaker 4  11:44
All right. So I found a little interesting. He said, Oh, yeah, I mean, this has probably been 15 or 20 years ago, and it came back. Oh, yeah, I remember that. guy, he was doing a relocation for this homeowner. And he goes out and looks at it small building like a 10 to 16. He says something in that size range. Nothing looks to be like, out of ordinary just from looking at it from the exteriors. And sure i'll just load it up and take it down to take down the road. He wasn't more than going like eight miles or something. So sure, no problem. Him in is his helper, they load this thing up. And as he was loading it, he said he he started looking at this thing. And it started like hanging a little bit to the side and like not being too square anymore. And he got a little worried something doesn't quite seem right. But but he loaded it and it sat there and he strapped it down and I were just going down the road eight miles in the property, okay. And to the homeowner, was there with them. And the homeowner was was like, well, I'll just, you know, lead the way I know, where's that just follow me. So a well out of the driveway. And he said it was literally maybe an eight or a probably a 10th of a mile, just a little jog. And then there was a stop sign where they were going to hang like, right. And so he pulled out of his driveway, he wasn't he wasn't even moving fast. He didn't go more than, you know, tenths of a mile. And he's following this guy. And then he hits the brakes, and nothing too dramatic. But he looks back and this whole building what it was this this roof was really really heavy on this thing. And the walls were nailed the sheeting. The siding was nailed with trim nails. He hits the brakes, this entire roof just comes down forward and then run it up and in the back of his truck. And he said the walls, all the siding just sheared off like dominoes just on a big pile. And there it was with the roof in the back of his truck. The entire floor sitting still sitting there in the walls, you know, on the road. And it was just like, Ah, he was like, Whoa, no, what am I gonna do this guy, he's gonna be so mad. He looks he looks in front of him and this homeowner hits the brakes. He sees he's he's looking back and sees what's wrong. And then he starts backing up and then oh, man, he's sitting in there in the truck. Oh, no, what am I gonna do? And then the guy slowly gets out of his truck and looks back and comes back. And then he says he figured he's gonna you know, what is he he's probably going to ask him to pay for all this the building and maybe I don't know what I was going to do. And the guy sort of balks at it. And then he says, Oh, well, I guess we can take it on over there. Please, we'll just load it up. Take it on over there. And I And then I'll pay you for shaking. He was like floored, he was ready for like a tongue lashing. And he says, Oh, I'll pay you to take the pieces on over. Really fortunate there was a really nice, nice guy. But they were about to do that. And he was trying to get this, this roof off of the back of his truck with this trailer, pulling it over and, you know, doing his thing and, and then another vehicle stops in. And he says, Oh, I'm the neighbor right here. And what's going on? He tried to explain what happened. And oh, okay. And they say, well get this, you know, out of your way. And everything is a no, no, no, just throw it in my yard. I want it. And so he threw the pieces into his neighbor's yard, just literally piles just right in the grass. And don't this, but remaining roof, right in his yard. And, and I guess the guy pays the elders for his trouble and they leave now. So they made it a literally about a 10th of a mile before this thing completely came apart. And it was just, it was just nailed together with trim nails. And it just completely, it was just structurally completely unsound. So fortunately, he wasn't going 80 miles an hour, or there would have been pieces over the back 40 of this building. So wow, I was, I guess that one was, was I don't you let us build your building. Or you can do it yourself, do it yourself for but maybe there's better options.

Speaker 5  16:44
Part of our 5060 mile delivery guarantee. It'll hang together for the full 50.

Speaker 4  16:52
We guarantee it to get there and one piece we kind of were missing. But we're missing is a picture. Can you imagine what a good story that would make with a picture on the road with all the pieces? Like oh, no, I tried to build them. I tried to build it myself, you know?

Speaker 1  17:18
That's a great story. Well, one of the things that people have brought up in that this might be an interesting even an article for the website is I've had some folks ask about kits, where they say, Can I get your building? But can I get the building in the version where it's a kit, and I can assemble it myself. And most of these folks live on the west side of North Carolina and they're in the mountains and they're just like the road to get the location they want it is just tough. And so they got trees and stuff and they think oh, I can bring a kit up there and assemble it in the spot I want it to be at but I'm like well, we don't sell them as kids and a big part of that is because we don't trust you to put it together because if I fall apart

Speaker 4  18:13
Oh yeah, we'll bring you a kit and then you can assemble it right alongside with the with the automobile you're gonna put together assemble Absolutely.

Speaker 1  18:23
Automobiles in your yard Oh, man. Wow, you gotta use that story. Somehow my goal and one of these email campaigns somehow?

Speaker 4  18:39
Well, via seems to be like a guru at that. I'm sure he could have been a nice one on that one.

Unknown Speaker  18:45
The not allowing yourself.

Matthias Miller  18:50
Yeah, I will. We've got we've got two gaps in the autoresponder sequence. And so what I would love to go, oh, well, I appreciate your vote of confidence where it would I think it's too good to pass up. I would love to see what openness and I forget his name. It's terrible. I love to see what the copyrighted email series would do with this time. Yes. Be cool.

Unknown Speaker  19:22
That'd be funny.

Speaker 1  19:25
I just wanted to mention that we do have a guest coming to vinyl structures. I know last week we talked a little bit about where to send folks if they want to see things in person. So Michael and I were correspondence yesterday and Randy Johnson is headed up that way on Thursday on his day off, and I think just wanted to make mention of that Tori for you as well. That will kind of follow up and watch how this goes. And we have to establish a couple of things. Is it successful? First of all, does it help close the deal for Randy Secondly, what is the smoothest method of handoff and then handing back it's like a pass to vinyl structures and then a pass back to the Online team to try to keep that smooth as possible so yeah just a good experiment I think with him kind of following Matthias his mantra of Test test test this is someone real life test with this guy just kind of being a guinea pig for us and seeing how it goes the one to let you guys know that I have struggled to close on the text message sale from last week I'll be calling that fella today to see if he understands the has to kind of sign his name to something and then I have a good chunk of smaller buildings in the pipeline as well that are you know, quoted in firm and you know DocuSign is out to them but some folks are just dragging their feet on the signature side so my goal today is to make calls to I guess it's about five right now that are have DocuSign out to them but they haven't signed the DocuSign so we're just trying to figure out you know, what is their hesitation Yeah, if you guys have any suggestions on that it's there's smaller buildings I know it's a certain type of buyer you know budget conscious not looking for a huge deal just looking for something simple for storage they're all okay with January deliveries to that nobody was like I need this in May they were all pretty quick but just just thought they kind of got to the finish line and then kind of all went quiet around the same time so just curious. I don't know if you have anybody else like that Tori or if anything has helped you get them across the line.

Speaker 2  21:54
So I've seen some similar things on my side where you know, I get to a certain point with a customer it seems like we're almost ready to buy and then they go they go dark so it would be good to get some tips on that from Matthias or Michael along with the same thing

Matthias Miller  22:13
could you guys put together some names and phone numbers of some of these that you've run into I've not updated Michael ascension email this morning but regarding the this actually could go in the list of that I sent you this morning but I have not yet updated the call recording the call in numbers for with the sales message platform it's should be relatively easy to do but I just haven't done it yet. And so sure, but I think it'd be helpful to take a listen to those phone calls and see if there is something that we notice or if there's or if it is simply time of year Michael you might have perspective from timing from previous years as well

Speaker 4  23:02
sure, I mean it seems like what I've been hearing is in the in the month of December there's been distractions holiday distractions causing people more distractions maybe then price point problems. Objections I mean what what are some ways that we could we could encourage people something just enough to where they can come across that line? I mean one thing we could do be this seems like right now Christmas is that is the distraction right now. Yeah, shopping this is crazy idea. But would this bring those five people across the finish line? If we were to say hey there's this crazy little special before now between now and Christmas for the next for this week only? Where if you if you this from the hip This is not thought through but on any any deal between this week and then we're gonna send you a gift card a a Walmart gift card where you could actually then use for something you know, for Christmas. Just something that tangibles to try to make it attractive for their objection that they really we think they have that. Oh, that would be cool. somebody's name and I'm gonna get $100 gift card and esign like emailed to me like chick is there I can immediately use it. I can run off before Christmas and get some does that What's your thoughts on that? I that was that was a just one minute knee jerk on that.

Speaker 1  24:56
I think that's a really cool idea, especially between out in the weekend. I mean, we got three days four days to just blitz those final. Him Harz with a quick

Unknown Speaker  25:10
I think that's a really cool idea.

Unknown Speaker  25:12
Yeah, it's worth testing out.

Unknown Speaker  25:15
Yeah. I get that ago.

Speaker 4  25:18
sighs how would that work with? Is there an easy way where Marissa and and Victoria could have capabilities of grabbing if they do sell an online gift card and and emailing it or sending in a link like, quickly. So they could utilize that is there is there a clean way that that could be worked

Matthias Miller  25:48
I'm sure there's

Unknown Speaker  25:52
what would be the way to do this. Um,

Matthias Miller  25:57
one way that we could do it is we could do

Matthias Miller  26:07
the one moment I have an idea

Matthias Miller  26:30
one option is to buy a

Speaker 1  26:44
you guys, as a suggestion, Mathias, you guys may have to buy a Visa card. And then we would have to enter the Visa card as payment when we go through the Walmart checkout. So we could go to, you know, walmart.com, set it up for an E gift card to go to, you know, as a gift. And then I punch in for payment, whatever Visa card truepoint buys in order to secure the purchase and send it off.

Matthias Miller  27:14
Yeah, the other option I would actually have which may actually which may make just as much sense is I think I could set up sub accounts under my Amazon business account.

Unknown Speaker  27:28
Yeah, and

Matthias Miller  27:31
then so I was playing around with the idea of actually getting an Amazon gift card that you guys could then resell but I think I think the or that you could use to pay for a gift card to go out but I was wondering if setting up an Amazon sub account would be the way to go.

Matthias Miller  27:50
And then you guys can just log into there and

Speaker 1  27:54
right. Think it's worth a shot. I think it might get a couple folks over the line.

Matthias Miller  28:15
So I said to get best.

Speaker 4  28:23
Does that number that is just spewed out 100 bucks, is that compelling? That's the right number.

Speaker 1  28:34
I would say yes. To me if I was a buyer is it

Unknown Speaker  28:42
too much Jonas this year? Like it needs to be compelling enough that Oh, man.

Speaker 4  28:53
Look, the entire grocery list is going to be you know, free this year. If I do this. Look, I can go to Walmart and buy everything I was going to buy. And wow, why not? Do we get like yeah, that's that's cool. But, you know, men seems to me like if I was wanting to do something anyway, and then somebody would say, Oh, by the way, I'm almost ready to almost ready to pull it. If I pull this trigger, you're gonna get 100 bucks, you know, just been and that will look, you know, it's not huge, but it's exciting. Something free. Gift cards are always for me either. sort of exciting.

Unknown Speaker  29:35
Yeah. Yeah, they're practical for sure.

Speaker 1  29:39
Um, what do you think Tory? Think that's enough of a carrot kind

Speaker 2  29:44
of think of this something that would get me get me on the hook. Can we do a little more can we do 150 200

Speaker 1  30:00
Maybe it's relative to the present building to because you're taking a loss on the building in the process.

Unknown Speaker  30:15
So the average building, you're saying these are smaller buildings, right?

Speaker 1  30:18
Yeah, I can think. So currently, I've got a guy in the pipeline with a 12. By 24, I've got a guy in the pipeline with an eight by 12. And then I have another guy out here with a 10 by 16. Number nice, there's only one building that's, you know, larger.

Unknown Speaker  30:38
We could do

Speaker 4  30:41
it by size. If you do a 10, wide building 12 wide building, or a 14 white building, there's a different number. Yeah, typically, in white buildings is 10. Up to 10. By 20, is typically what we do 12 wide typically goes up to 32 feet, and 40 goes out to 60 feet. So the dollar seals gonna drastically be attached to that as well, right? And we could say, oh, you're gonna get if you do a 10, one, eight or 10, wide, eight foot wide or 10 foot wide building, you will get $100 gift card by closing, if you do a 12 wide, is going to be 200 If you do 14 wide is going to be 300. And it would directly correlate with that huge dollar sale 14 why we're looking at 15 grand, but why probably 10 and in white, probably eight or seven. What's your thoughts on that idea?

Unknown Speaker  31:35
I like that. I really do. I think that's brilliant. Yeah, I'll get

Speaker 4  31:46
make so that the logistics of this making this work. The idea you had Matthias is you think that's the best plan.

Matthias Miller  31:57
Yeah, I think so. I'm still trying to figure it out. Here. Still trying to figure out how to add I think I've got it here. I'm resending your invitations two to this so look for the second one that's coming.

Unknown Speaker  32:19
And

Matthias Miller  32:21
if for some reason I think you guys have buying policies just make sure that

Matthias Miller  32:44
mean I think it should be good to go. Once you accept that, but maybe once you accept it, you can give it a shot and see.

Unknown Speaker  32:57
See how that works.

Speaker 2  33:01
So eight or 10 y will be 112 would be 214 would be 300. Is that right? Sounds good.

Speaker 1  33:19
Matthias Matthias I followed the link to it sends like a congratulation and just you know, follow this link for the join the invitation type of thing. I'm not currently logged into Amazon, but it takes me to kind of a page that says invitation link not found. Please ask your manager to create an invitation link. I'm gonna sign because

Matthias Miller  33:41
that was the first email you got or was it the second

Unknown Speaker  33:45
question? I think it was the first I'm sorry.

Matthias Miller  33:49
Okay, we'll go for the second one.

Unknown Speaker  33:52
I think I only

Matthias Miller  33:55
got second. We should just got out. I can also

Unknown Speaker  34:05
send out a

Matthias Miller  34:08
that doesn't work. There's a direct link. There's a link directly to SharePoint subgroup here.

Unknown Speaker  34:17
It worked.

Unknown Speaker  34:19
I got it. It worked. Okay.

Speaker 1  34:21
It took me to like create a name and password essentially. And then it says

Unknown Speaker  34:45
it's going to email a one time password All right, so

Speaker 1  35:03
Tim, what I'll do is I'm going to create a list of the names and the business sizes for those that I know are in the pipeline and could benefit from this, you know, very quick flash sale. To entice them, I'll make sure to call them on the phone to express it and just say, hey, is this a token of our thanks for, you know, taking time out of your busy schedule around the holidays and placing the order with truepoint We really value that. And then we'll let you know so that you know right away, if that's causing, you know, those fish to kind of stay on the line and then be reeled in or folks are saying I still need more time. That's not that's not really attractive offer for me. To see you guys have some feedback quickly.

Unknown Speaker  35:50
Good, my mind goes back to Matthias is Test test test test. So yeah, we go. Here we go.

Matthias Miller  35:59
I've created a blanket Pio for for you guys. And I think it might be worth just to make sure that nothing gets hung up while I'm out of the office or something. If you guys, you guys can play rock, paper, scissors and you can you can each go buy yourself a $10 Starbucks gift card or something like that. And make sure the buying process works as expected, just so that if I'm not available when you guys are looking to run the gift card that we know we're

Speaker 1  36:29
good to go. Okay. Okay. Merry Christmas to us. All right. Well, I'll stay definitely in touch on this throughout today. And obviously we'll have feedback tomorrow morning during our team huddle to see how those conversations went.

Unknown Speaker  36:52
All right. Appreciate it. Yes. Thank you. Have a great day. Take care. Thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai