Unknown Speaker  00:14
Howdy, howdy, howdy. Howdy. Howdy. You excited? I'm excited. I'm excited. I'm excited.

Unknown Speaker  00:37
Think I hire a therapist just to get me through this project.

Matthias Miller  00:41
The which one, the stripe, what or the

Speaker 1  00:46
No, just to manage my anxiety about getting this project done.

Unknown Speaker  00:54
I, I do, you know,

Unknown Speaker  01:04
I have like it

Speaker 1  01:09
seems to go by spits and spurts, the amount of people that suddenly start hitting my, my art, my my my my website and want to, want to talk about this. And every single person I talked to, I

Speaker 2  01:18
just, I'm like, why aren't we done yet? What I want to be like, and it's like, we're not done yet. If Jonathan would just hurry up,

Matthias Miller  01:33
it's all Jonathan's fault. It's all Jonathan's fault. Nothing that can't be fixed for the good scapegoat.

Unknown Speaker  01:41
Yeah, that's true. That's

Matthias Miller  01:48
only in Dilbert cartoons. I

Speaker 1  02:08
What wizardry Have you been whipping up? Jonathan,

Speaker 3  02:16
I've been working on the auto payment mechanism processes. Is, you know, we can have a nice report inside of silver loom that, or only, or app posting, or whatever you want to call it, that has the logic for when we actually need to run an auto payment, thinking that we'll run this, you know, nightly, 3am or something, and then it goes and talks to, you know, the portal, and using the same method to to run a payment as you would for coming in, and using a saved payment method to run a payment. So working on that flow, trying to reuse as much as possible. So, yeah, that's what I've been doing. Awesome.

Speaker 2  03:02
Howdy. Howdy, everyone. Howdy. Howdy. Justin Ariel,

Unknown Speaker  03:09
cold, cold.

Speaker 2  03:13
And I live in North Carolina and I'm cold.

Matthias Miller  03:17
Come to Colorado, it's warm here.

Speaker 4  03:22
It's all relative. I have been here long enough now that, like the 40 degree days do feel balmy. The fact that it's the fact that, like in the 10 day forecast, it only occasionally gets below freezing. It I mean, we may as well be sun tanning and Matthias, are y'all getting the wind that's that's torturing the rest of us up here

Matthias Miller  03:49
a little bit. Not, not, I mean, it's not terrible. We've had a little blustery days. But has it been bad up there?

Speaker 4  03:57
Yeah, it's pretty rough. We've had a lot of warnings. I mean, they mostly, you know, become burn warnings, essentially. But, excuse me, but the, I mean, you know the consequences, things like my metal roof, I'm discovering the parts of the flashing that are not fully hatched.

Matthias Miller  04:18
I saw a weather warning. So we actually do have a wind advisory. So starting in an hour,

Speaker 4  04:24
yeah, they're calling. They're calling ours up to 80 mile an hour winds coming through the pass, which is pretty, pretty wild.

Unknown Speaker  04:31
That's pretty wild. Yeah. Anyway, hi everyone.

Speaker 2  04:39
How are y'all? Besides cold, besides cold, awesome, excited.

Speaker 4  04:49
Well, let me just dive on in. I am going to try so I have, I have. I've still trying to figure out the best way to share from figma. Let me. Try something where they let me pop open this little extra one. Oh, no, it's not it. If I can just share my entire figma screen, but there's so much unnecessary junk on it, if I can remember which button opens, there it is preview. They call it. That's what the problem is. That's not what I want, after all. Okay, all right, so I'll walk through some of it. I am going to say off of two things, off of the off the top one is that there is not so, you know, per our email conversation, I'm essentially, you know, to speed this and because I think it's probably a good idea, even though I'm not a huge fan of tailwind as a CSS framework, I'm a big fan of their UI components. I think they're lovely and they're great, drop in, great defaults, especially now that they don't require, so sorry, this is a little bit more, I think Matthias only. But anyway, now that they don't require view or react and offer native only controls and everything else. I'm a big fan of them. So per the email conversation, I sort of designed this with tailwind UI components to kind of replicate those. And when I deliver this, I'm going to point to exactly which component I'm I'm replicating tailwind doesn't have a figma. I was hoping that they had a fig I thought they had a figma library, so I can literally just use tailwind looking things instead. I had to replicate everything. So it's not 100% but I'll just point to you. This is supposed to be the tailwind badge, and you would use this for this little badge element. Same with inputs, sidebar layout, everything else. If you decide not to use tailwind, that's fine. I would just recommend you replicate its styling as much as possible, because I tried to play off of that again, no fan of tailwind as a CSS or as a philosophy. In fact, huge anti fan, but big fan of their their design output. All right. And naturally, because we just started demoing, the demo is not acting like normal present.

Unknown Speaker  07:15
Okay, get rid of this frame. I'm going to share my screen. You'll let me know when you see you see figma.

Speaker 4  07:28
Everyone see figma presentation? Cool. Okay, so I don't know what the very first page will be with the actual welcome page will be, so we can talk about that later. The implication with this page is essentially the user has has started the registration process. We could also start with the login process if we wanted, and then from here, click sign up for an account. But either way, I'm assuming there is some kind of page they see first where they choose to log in or register. And by the way, these red highlighted things are demo only buttons. Buttons to basically let us follow a path that would not that we'd have to normally, you know, the user would could find themselves into. You wouldn't actually see this button right here. But anyway, basic idea, you know, log in, obviously, email and password, click to forget to forget password. But let's start with signing up for an account. Don't know what kind of copy we would want. I sort of took my best guess. But the idea is the user can enter their account or contract number, there's a little guidance here, or and email address, and then start their registration. If their account is somehow not found, we give them this account not found. Please try that again. You know, or contact support. But let's go back to the beginning. Let's assume it does work, so they start registration. Great. We found you. We sent you an email confirmation code. You go and check it. I don't think any demo all how to FA works, but you know, if they did use an invalid two FA, we can tell them it's not valid. Try again, send the new code, contact support, whatever, continue. Okay, cool. Now we have terms and conditions. Just scroll through all of this stuff. They can decline, cancel registration. I don't have a path for that. I just, I don't know where it would send them back to the beginning or marketing page or whatever, except terms and conditions, at which point they choose a password I tend to like. So giving some guidance and a strong password indicator, here we there's lots of components out there for that. I didn't even mock it up, but I'm happy to mock that up slash suggest something. But there are a lot of good little existing libraries and stuff out there for that, all right. And then complete registration, some kind of success page. Oh, and by the way, this is what this is already showing, by the way, this is a white labeled version using only as logo, so this could be swapped out for whichever installation we're talking about. And the background color here. So there's basically I'm playing with there being two colors per theme, two brand colors per client, and. And we'll have to, of course, play with what kind of magic you have to do to invert color. But there's certain areas where the theme color is applied, and then Matthias, we have to, sort of magically, I think, calculate an inverted color to make the text appear. In this case, the client has chosen in the brand dark blue. So this is a very light colored deal. Once we get into the site, the sidebar reflects that branding. The main part of the page will not reflect that branding, so the customization for the white labeling will be limited to the sidebar, which kind of lowers the surface area of things we have to be magical about. But anyway, now enter the site. I played with a dashboard for a while, but to be frank, it sort of started to feel like there was some information we could surface on there. But I wanted to talk more about that, and just decided, let's go straight to the contracts. So we go and orient you right here. We have the list of contracts. I don't have the button for adding a contract, but you can imagine it replicating in many ways, the registration process. You would click it and pop up out of a modal come up where you would enter the whatever identifying characteristics you needed to add it to this list. But you can see, real quick, we've already got the branding over here, the logo, the two highlight colors, or there are two theme colors are being applied to the background and then to the active state of the nav bar. Real quick as I'm clicking around in here, this is a figma prototype. Figma has some weird garbage collection type issues. Where as I'm clicking around, it will like, I think it's starting to be efficient and optimized, but like, it might think, if you're if I open Settings, click, pro, well, right away, open setting, click Profile. Like this thing that was called documentation is now called profile. It's like it's holding on to the order of the elements and Matthias. I'm sure you can imagine what's going on here. But point is, sometimes you'll see this look goofy, and I'll get it back into its right state. It's a figma thing, not a not a designed part of the site, all right, so we've got contracts. List of contracts here. I took, again, kind of a guess at some of the information you would want to surface on the list. Matthias, you gave me kind of a sample of what the identifying label might be. So again, took a few guesses at what we might want to surface. Obviously, whether something is overdue seems pretty important, how by how much missed payments, right? This is all content architecture stuff, so I won't dive in, but you can see we have main identifier, status, badge, important metadata, and then diving into the contract itself. So I'll dive into one of these. Now. We've got a breadcrumb up top so we can always go back to the contracts plus the current one. And then, once again, I kind of took a guess at some of the attributes, but this is the the layout we would follow, or I'm suggesting following for all of the attributes. If there's 200 of them, then this might not work out, but I didn't get the sense that we were doing that. That seems like something you would dive into the original contract for, but surface some stuff, dealer information, salesperson information, original files, payment history, the ability to grab a receipt, description of the auto pay schedule, the clicking Change auto pay schedule. So one thing I did not get to, I apologize, is demonstrating the auto pay modification screen here that would occur in a modal, it would pop up. I try to avoid modals whenever possible, but and then it doesn't have to be we can certainly dive in. We have a breadcrumb here, but I was going to do it as it seems simple enough that we could pop it up into a modal. The user doesn't lose context, but obviously they have unlimited number of files. I think, I think you mentioned, really only having a label Matthias. I didn't know if there was also an upload. Also an upload date or a file size, but point is, we can have metadata associated with a file, associated with the contract, and then payment history, same thing, compose some kind of status description, and then a downloadable PDF receipt. If you don't want a PDF receipt, if you'd rather these be actual pages, I can quickly mock something like that up. It would look probably very similar to this style right here. All right. So then Settings, I've broken them down into profile settings, the Billings. So these are the these are the things that originally come from the contract. But as you said, they're not contract specific. They're customer specific. So profile that's going to be customer name, address, letting them update it on their own. That would all be surfaced under the profile section. Billing would be like payment methods. I imagine that we would potentially show them their various auto pay schedules all in one place, so they could kind of know when they were going to be hit by stuff. And then security would be Name, Password to FA these are all actually fairly simple forms to lay out, so I spent time on other stuff, but I will lay these out as well, but they're pretty straightforward and I can, I can walk through those same with documentation and contact support. I didn't actually mock those up yet. Because they are very straightforward, but I'll do that before hand off, probably by end of day. Contact support, as we mentioned before, would be both a contact form and a list of your previous contacts, not the full conversation, just what you sent out, log out, would log out. And the other thing I wanted to show was the impersonation banner and the preview banner. So sorry. I just put this on an empty page. So I created this big banner across the top. Big, bold, hard to miss your impersonating, name, email address, whatever identificant fire you want, and then a return to admin button that stops the impersonating. We'd use the same style when you're previewing theme colors, so that the people knew what they were seeing was a non production instance. Let's see. What else did I want to show off? Go back to here. I went through login and right. So login, same thing we have login. We found you check your email for confirmation code invalid to fa valider and continue. Okay, sorry, that was I tried to speed through that so we could get to QA slash, discussing what, what I should do next, where I should focus, and if this is the right direction,

Matthias Miller  16:22
doing any I've got a couple specific questions. Dwayne, do you have anything off the top of your head,

Speaker 1  16:27
the only thing Justin open up any one of those contracts, I don't care which, the only thing I didn't see is some type of Make a Payment button, which I'm assuming would be, you know, just to, we would need a way to, you know, to show when you're on the contract itself, what's currently do, kind of, some of the metadata that you had out on the on the overall contract screen. We need to field some of that in here. And, you know, I don't know how much of this is presentational versus, you know, versus like this is the direction we're going, kind of a, kind of a thing, Matthias, you may be able to speak to that more than than, I don't know. I don't know. Are specific questions like that relevant to this conversation? Matthias, or is it, is it more? Is this more presentational kind of overall direction.

Unknown Speaker  17:22
I mean, I think it's more like that.

Unknown Speaker  17:29
No, that's great. That's that's a good point. But,

Speaker 1  17:32
I mean, it's like, you did have some like, metadata out there on the main content, like what's currently do, what's past due, some of those types of things would be fielded on a on a page like this.

Speaker 4  17:41
That's correct, yeah, it just so happened that I mocked up one of the non in, sorry, the non overdue screens. But yes, I would. I would show where that would go and which payments were missed payment history down here. Could would show missed payments or attempted auto payments, or things like that, sure.

Matthias Miller  18:00
And I think, I mean, in my mind, the thing I'm most interested about, interested in, at this, you know, in with Justin's involvement is the general structure and how we want to represent specifically what's in Justin Europe. It could be useful, but, but you know what's what's past due, when's your next payment due? And, you know, that's, that's very or Dwayne, if we want to surface early payoff amount, or something like that. Yeah, pretty simple structure to do, yeah.

Speaker 1  18:34
I mean, that would be there. I mean, we may banter somewhat about, you know, where certain information is presented like dealer and salesperson beings, that it's more prominent in the page than

Matthias Miller  18:50
could we do next payment of dollar amount, do what, what I don't

Speaker 1  18:55
want to what I don't want to have as a confusion when, when we Get into pages, like an actual presentation of a contract page, is that we we confuse the customer. Doesn't confuse dealer and sales person with like, the who they may be working with at the RTO company, like, what, what would be kind of weird is if, if the customer would call up our office and ask for Gary Cooper, like we want to somehow make a distinction, that salesperson and dealership is who you bought the building from, and that kind of a thing.

Unknown Speaker  19:30
Oh, yeah. Good point.

Speaker 1  19:31
I mean, I probably it my ins. My instinct on this would be, maybe that's a separate page, sort of to kind of create a distinction between the RTO contract and who you bought the building from. Now there may be, there may be other ways to do that, but just kind of a, we don't want to create that confusion for the customer to where they would, they would try to call the RTO company and ask for a dealer or a salesperson. Because we kind of presented that information to them in such a way that it made them feel that way, right?

Speaker 4  20:06
Wonder if we can just do a whole separate section with, like, a separate headline, essentially, that says, I mean, I'm kind of designing live here, original purchase information, or original purchase, yeah, whatever you would call this.

Speaker 1  20:24
But the format wise, I am, I am truly enjoying this. This is this. This makes me, makes me smile.

Matthias Miller  20:32
Well, that's good to hear one one question on that way you do that payment history could be up to 60 months, 60 rows on a so is there a you thinking it's see more that you click, you know, show 10 at a time. See More, See More. See more. Do you have thoughts on that?

Speaker 4  20:50
Yeah, my UX thought there is, unless there is something super important below that that we want to make sure they can get to. I would do one of two. I wouldn't paginate it unless we truly get up over 100 into the hundreds, or whatever else I might do what you just suggested, where you show 10 with a see more, and all the See More does is accordion down and show everything and then see less. But I'm this is a bit of a philosophical point, but I prefer very much not to limit people's one like screen view, unless we have to and so see more condensed. Totally fine with an I don't know if you don't hear that, but boy, that is really windy out there. But what I wouldn't want is that in order to navigate the whole thing, they can never see everything all at once, unless we're talking about truly hundreds of items, or whatever else. I'm a big fan browser Command F I'm a big fan of not having to make an API call that we don't need to make and, you know, letting people with giant monitors turn sideways, use them, stuff like that.

Speaker 1  21:53
So we want to optimize for mobile usage, predominantly because this is the way most people interact with the world now. So I do like the idea of, at least, you know, three or four payments showing and some sort of, see more, see less, type of thing. Because, I mean, at the end of the day, most customers, what was my, you know, they, they don't care much beyond the last three months, right?

Matthias Miller  22:22
The the other argument for this is that if we ever do weekly contracts, you're going to end up with 600 and so having some kind of cap at some point would be, yeah, useful, yeah.

Speaker 4  22:32
And if we do want to set that at 100 or something and then paginate, so that's totally fine. I agree. Oh, by the way, that's another reason that I like utilizing the tailwind elements for all of this stuff is, I didn't bother mocking it up, but I was going to switch over to tailwind the tailwinds UI demonstration this show you how these interfaces scale, because there's an answer for all. It's so cool. Like all of this label, value layout, it all has a very intuitive mobile transformation. Sidebar becomes a hamburger menu, all the obvious stuff that you would hope for, but like, it's all built in. It's so cool. So I'll actually, at the tail end of the meeting, I'll show you that so I can show you why I didn't bother mocking it.

Unknown Speaker  23:16
Yep, good, see, let me sorry.

Unknown Speaker  23:19
I'm gonna take some notes real quick on what we just talked about at Nate. I'm

Unknown Speaker  23:50
okay, got it.

Matthias Miller  23:57
So I assume that when you hit auto pay schedule, we're going to pick on our end, whatever's the primary auto pay schedule that they can change. And if there's more, you know, if they called into support and has some kind of bizarre, complicated thing, we'll just say, Look, you have more. You have additional payment schedules, and you can view them under your settings here, or something like that, is that, is that your your thinking Justin and for context, I don't know if we talked about this, but you can actually have customer support reps. Can set up multiple payment schedules. So if you want, if you get your Social Security check on the first of the month, then you can set up a payment on the second out of your Social Security check, and you get security check, and you get your well, we lost him. The wind took him out. I thought he was frozen.

Speaker 1  24:52
I do think we should represent from from setting up your own auto pay online, you have to be current. You. And I think we should keep it very simplistic. Is it, you know, do we say, I think it's, you pick a day and an increment? Is it, you know, you know, it's very, very simple, like, I want to set it up for the 15th of the month and I want to pay it, and we, I think we should allow them to pay more than their monthly payment, but you never can pay less than your monthly payment unless you know. And I, if they're set up for weekly on their core account, I think they should be able to maybe we, I don't know, but I think what, what we're gonna have to do Matthias, we have to kind of go round and round a little bit on this and really say, what is the most wizzy wig way to do this?

Matthias Miller  25:50
Well, we actually have some very good notes on this in our and so I'm not worried about that. I think the biggest thing is, like, how do we identify that? This one in particular is a there's Justin this one in particular is either a simple one that they can edit or is the one that they set up online. Like, which payment schedule can they edit online? Which one can't they and then have in advance? I said you might. Oh, I did not. I did

Unknown Speaker  26:27
not know. I'm

Matthias Miller  26:33
sorry. Do you want to our choices are

Speaker 4  26:41
we can I can either try to tether off of my phone with one or two bars, which I don't I'm not too optimistic about continue This by voice and reschedule. What do you think

Matthias Miller  27:02
I think, I think, based on the band bandwidth that you have now, we should just pick another time and reschedule. Okay, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  27:14
we were worried about this. The wind must have knocked out something. So, all right,

Unknown Speaker  27:21
I um, I don't think he heard what you said.

Unknown Speaker  27:27
Pick a time and reschedule.

Matthias Miller  27:29
No, I'm sorry, yeah, okay, here we can all kill our video and make your life easier. There we go. So Dwayne and I are already going to get our heads together sometime between I would be available. Well, we're planning to meet at 12 mountain time tomorrow. We could go. I can go earlier than that. We've got some time on potentially Friday or even well or Monday or Tuesday of next week.

Speaker 4  28:04
Okay, let me check real quick. Already know that 12 mountain time tomorrow won't work. I have a meeting. I'm free tomorrow before 1130 Mountain Time and all day Friday and mostly all day, Monday or Tuesday. So whatever works for y'all, either before 11 mountain time tomorrow or anytime Friday tomorrow.

Unknown Speaker  28:36
Tomorrow is really hard for me. I would vote for either Friday or Tuesday,

Unknown Speaker  28:44
Friday or Tuesday, Tuesday's fine with me.

Matthias Miller  28:49
Tuesday's wide open for me or Friday.

Speaker 1  28:52
Yeah, Tuesday for me is wide open. Okay.

Speaker 4  28:55
Well, why don't we do that? And in the meantime, I'll shoot over link. As soon as I have power, I mean, have power internet again, I'll shoot over some links and some prototype stuff so that y'all can actually be examining it and and I'll continue to just, I'll continue to flush it out before Tuesday,

Speaker 3  29:13
okay, but I'm literally free any anytime Tuesday right now.

Matthias Miller  29:18
What do you guys want to do?

Unknown Speaker  29:21
Like I said, I'm wide open Tuesday.

Speaker 4  29:24
What time zone are are you doing Eastern? Eastern Matthias. How's 9am ours, 11am His

Matthias Miller  29:32
Yep, let's do it. Do 90 minutes to catch the rest of our time block.

Unknown Speaker  29:37
Sweet. Looks

Unknown Speaker  29:38
good. All right, I'll put it up.

Unknown Speaker  29:41
All right, guys, I apologize for nature

Unknown Speaker  29:45
acts of God you cannot control.

Matthias Miller  29:49
We hold you responsible. Now I have

Speaker 4  29:52
to figure out how I'm going to heat my like how long this is going to last. I just realized, when I was looking at the wind thing yesterday, that, you know. We use electric heating, which is already not great, but our sort of, you know, not backup, but our old fashioned alternative is our pellet stove. But even that requires some power to blow the fan and to run the igniter. So I was just talking with friends about getting a, you know, battery type generator, or generator type battery thing just to run the pellet stove. But anyway, that'll be for next for next time. Yes. All right, guys, well, thank you. I'll catch you online and otherwise see you Tuesday. All right,

Speaker 2  30:35
sounds good. Are you able to hang just a little bit longer? Matthias, yep, I can. Thank you, Justin. All right, cheers. Bye, y'all

Unknown Speaker  30:46
dude, that thing looks good.

Speaker 2  30:49
I'm super excited. That's like, Oh man, that just makes me excited.

Unknown Speaker  30:59
Yeah. All right, good.

Speaker 1  31:05
We got some details to nail down on it, but so like, like, is that just like, mock up, or is like, is that able that like, are you able to take that and then like, start building, or like, does that provide any amount of like springboard off of that for coding, or is it? Is it just mock up?

Matthias Miller  31:25
Well, the problem is that, I mean, he mentioned this a little bit. The tool set he's using isn't exactly, I mean, so we're we tend to be very conservative with the toolsets that we use on our end, just because there's always a shiny thing to chase all the time. And if you go down one rabbit hole, it's going to be obsolete the next day. And, yeah, and then you have clients that support with it. So there is so it is a good starting point. Yes, can we just copy and paste it and go live with it? No, right? At least not, not as long as we apply a benevolent dictatorship to the projects that we're looking to maintain.

Speaker 3  32:05
Yeah, I was, I was going to ask you what your thought was on tailwind, because from what I know of, it's very kind of the opposite end of the spectrum of how I'm leaning towards doing CSS now, which is with a lot of like, less files, and, you know, pretty broad, broad definition. So in line stuff,

Unknown Speaker  32:29
tailwind means something else from where I come

Unknown Speaker  32:37
from, you're funny,

Matthias Miller  32:39
yeah, I mean, I think I need to go back over the conversation with Josh. I think, I mean, historically, we've done basically flask plus plus gender wherever possible. React if we if it really doesn't make sense, and then jQuery ish, types of, types of stuff. I think jQuery has been the main one that we've that we've that we've used. I know that's not super their UI components aren't super powerful anything. Sometimes we just rolled around. I'm not sure. I'm not completely sure,

Unknown Speaker  33:12
but we have to chat a little bit.

Unknown Speaker  33:16
Okay, cool. I'll probably help off then.

Unknown Speaker  33:19
Welcome. Thanks. Jonathan, anything else. Wayne,

Speaker 1  33:22
nope. That's, I think that's it. This is he's going to, he's going to send something that, like he said something about sending some links and some something or other. I'm assuming that'll be something that we can open and look at what, what?

Matthias Miller  33:36
Yeah, we'll be able to poke around in it and and look at it and all that

Speaker 2  33:43
exciting stuff. Super exciting. Sweet. All right,

Matthias Miller  33:49
man, awesome. Thanks, sir. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai