Unknown Speaker  02:04
Sorry I completely forgot it was on zoom as well

Unknown Speaker  02:14
should I just give him a call and see set on a calendar invite you did not reply to either your emails that you'd sent him last week or last week in this week in Melbourne This is Matthias Schelling was wondering

Matthias Miller  02:46
we talked about meeting at 1130 Eastern on Zoom and checking to see if that still works for you

Matthias Miller  03:05
it is remote control with video but you can you can turn video off and there's also phone number that you can dial into

Matthias Miller  03:23
yeah there's actually a phone number in the I don't know did you get the email about the calendar with the calendar information yeah if you if you click that link it should give you the option to download it and and

Unknown Speaker  03:57
yeah

Matthias Miller  04:00
yeah, go ahead do that. And then if you can, if you can then also call back into that number that's in there the 719-284-2848

Speaker 1  04:11
then we'll be come conferenced in with Ben as well.

Matthias Miller  04:17
Yeah, it doesn't matter you can go ahead and join

Unknown Speaker  04:35
Yep, that's me on the screen right there

Speaker 1  04:46
yeah, sure that seven that 719-284-2848

Speaker 1  05:01
Yep, sounds good. All right, appreciate it. All right.

Matthias Miller  05:10
So he doesn't have audio on on his computer so he's going to dial in

Unknown Speaker  05:17
using my phone number and we can take it from there.

Unknown Speaker  05:47
Melvin

Unknown Speaker  05:49
Hello.

Unknown Speaker  05:52
All right. Welcome back.

Matthias Miller  05:55
All right, once again, I've got Ben here as well. Just want to I think he gets I think they get started. Do you want to just, there's a little there's a green button with an arrow that says share screen there and just pull up the reports that you've put together. Previously,

Speaker 2  06:21
where where's that green? Oh, they're in the bottom? Yeah. A

Unknown Speaker  06:29
air you have it? Yep. Got it.

Speaker 2  06:40
I didn't do much together. Basically, I was going to show you the basically the files that I that I did, but I'm basically asking if what I'm proposing is even feasible in my case. The I can just close that. I don't know. Basically, this is the main it's just an invoice form at the moment. That particular one is one that was the main one that we did with. But what I was really gonna ask today is, can we do the basic you can switch to classic accounting a second and and is there a way to? A can't maximize it, but basically, do this, this whole screen on an outside application? Or is that not even feasible? Or would it be better just to do a few, two, or however many reports that that we would control outside of what they have? And have I'd have a lot more options.

Matthias Miller  07:55
Do you need me

Speaker 2  08:00
I was just going to ask about looking if something like QuickBooks here is even feasible in any way shape or form like that one or even even something like this. You know that would show the what's going on on us that could be either refreshed by hitting f5 Because currently in classic accounting they have the refresh button disabled and Joe told one of the guys that work with me that that would be a major thing for them to activate that refresh button in in their reports.

Unknown Speaker  08:42
Got it.

Speaker 2  08:44
I am just reaching out and it may not be anything that would even make sense for a small company like mine.

Matthias Miller  08:51
Well, can you can you walk me through so you put together some of the some of the Jasper reports can you walk me through a little bit just how that works?

Unknown Speaker  09:02
You mean what the form does as of now?

Matthias Miller  09:05
Yeah, what it does as

Unknown Speaker  09:08
well right now it's let me just right now it's just the basic invoice form. And for example find one here that uses

Unknown Speaker  09:31
right now this one does. That's not the one though.

Speaker 2  09:42
This is this is not my main machine. So it's this is the one and right here. There's a special special coding there that leads us leaves this line blank, right? Right here but that's not normally how works. And if it's, it also does. Let me find another one also does

Speaker 2  10:17
this is subtotals, which this is manually calculated to get this number. But that's my guy is working on something that does this automatically in the form itself. And if I another thing that I needed because I'm switching away from QuickBooks is that I added was

Unknown Speaker  10:50
so your one little thing that we added

Unknown Speaker  11:06
it's not letting me

Speaker 2  11:12
know when I do this one and save it, or preview it right there, there's a red flag saying, we're this is this is turned red because this particular customer require anytime it sees these exclamation points, and this exact text is reminding us that we need to select one of these customers, because they don't have a built in a building customer. Now that I selected that it'll show project name. And that won't be on another invoice. It won't even you know, any, nothing will show up there. I'm just showing you what what the guy did for me. Now it's blank there. That's very, I don't know what you if that makes any sense if I'm talking to them or not to you? Yeah, it makes sense. Just a little if we're just trying to make it to do what I need it to do for my small business here.

Matthias Miller  12:19
So here is just doing some brief research online here.

Matthias Miller  12:30
There are a few options here. Where are you familiar with the idea of business intelligence dashboards at all?

Speaker 2  12:43
Not explicitly. No, I don't know. I'm not sure what you're talking about, actually.

Matthias Miller  12:51
Okay. Sounds good. Well, there's, there's a few different options. So a BI tool is basically lets you put together dashboards based on different information in your, in your business. And I think there from what I'm seeing here, there is, you know, there are a number of even open source BI tools that you could use, that would integrate with, that we integrate with classic accounting on the on the back end. And so what I would be, so there's, there's a few options that what we could do. One option would be to, well, simplest option is, I can shoot you a list of those you can you can check them out on your own, and play around with them, see what you come up with and see whether you like any of them, that's option one. Option two is we probably have somebody like somebody like Ben download, download, install classic accounting for for trial purposes, and then have him install these different apps and play around with them and then make a recommendation to you. As far as what's the best. What's the best route to go? And option C is sounds to me like, like there's still some lack of clarity on exactly what reports you need. And what exactly you're looking good.

Speaker 2  14:38
I'm aware of that. And that's because I'm just getting started with and as many of you 20 years of QuickBooks and now going to this which is which is in some ways an upgrade in some ways not. And I'm actually in the learning, learning what it can and can't do because I got all frustrated and call it the guy who said it can they can do that. So the longer I'm used to using it, I'm, I don't want to jump the gun, I'm putting a small, I had one of my thoughts was if we could develop or do something that would make sense that others could use as well. Or if we should develop something strictly just for my own use. If that is the case, then I am on a very, you know, somewhat limited budget for that. But if we, if it makes sense for what other people if we can get something that other people need? But you're correct, we're still not a you're absolutely right, I am not being very forthcoming on exactly what kind of reports I need, because because I am spending spending a lot of time not in the office when I shouldn't be in here. And, and so I'm not sure you know, your first option there. I liked just for now, because I'm less certain than I was in the beginning that I am going to spend a lot of money on this, or a lot of time, I'm just reaching out and out to seeing what makes sense, if anything.

Matthias Miller  16:16
Sounds Yeah, sounds good. I mean, I'm going to advise you, you know, at this point, based on, you know, based on what I know of the system that you're using, there's likely a lot of a lot of what you can do, basically for free at very low cost.

Unknown Speaker  16:32
And

Matthias Miller  16:35
I think I'm happy to yeah, I'll send over a senator send over a few of these options that I've found. And you can take a look, some of them are really not technical at all. And then if you do need some kind of support and getting these setup, I definitely do have a lot of experience with the types of databases that are driving the back end of classic accounting. And so certainly we could, we could help you help you connect that or your guy, your guy as well might be able to do that.

Speaker 2  17:09
On my problem, my guys are so busy that some of them aren't totally committed to just doing doing this. And that's part of my problem. I don't they do other things as well. And they just do this as on the side kinda. That's kind of my problem also to get something I wanted. So this stuff in the backend that you're talking about, would that be available to be used on on those lockdown? So called Debian classic word processors system?

Matthias Miller  17:43
Let's see. I mean, these are open source. Oh, that's a good question. I do you know where I can even would you have to know offhand where I can? I could buy one of them if I wanted to.

Unknown Speaker  17:59
I'll send you a hard drive.

Unknown Speaker  18:04
Sophy just

Speaker 2  18:07
I mean, yeah, they are. We now have one sitting here that I'm not used to utilizing. That'd be totally your call. No, I'm not. Would you do it out of interest for other reasons or just for this project? Or?

Matthias Miller  18:25
Well, it's almost enough interest for me to do it just for the kicks and giggles of it, but probably barely enough to Okay, sounds good. If you do that, then. Yeah. That good. And I think that the next question is does does that when give you the Open option to install other apps on it? Or is that pretty locked down as far as what they give you access

Speaker 2  18:49
to it is pretty locked down. It's encrypted drive is running app armor is now we have a couple of us actually hacked into one or I didn't do the hacking but the couple guys hacked into one by using it as a secondary DRY DRY slave drive on another Linux system but I'm not good enough. I don't know much about Linux but no it's pretty locked down there's no option to install anything unless you have the update file from and I have a bunch of update files here for updating classic accounting when it's time or changing some networking options or or it very tightly locked down.

Matthias Miller  19:36
So do you think this stuff always intrigues me kind of how these things work? Do you think? Who's the who's the who are the people who oversee and manage the tour boy?

Speaker 2  19:50
Oh, it would be the CPS conservative Technology Services.

Matthias Miller  19:57
Okay. Do they have any openness to

Speaker 2  20:03
say, well, I don't I thought somebody told me you guys actually dealt with them. At some point initially working on classic accounting, and it didn't work out or you turned it down.

Matthias Miller  20:17
Yeah, we had. Well, it was it was. Yeah, actually, yeah, you're right. We did have somebody who is interested in integrating with classic accounting. And, and we've gotten a number of requests for things to work on the tour boy in the past. And we have well

Unknown Speaker  20:37
done does the

Matthias Miller  20:41
does it short term boy have any emailing capabilities or it's strictly strictly locked down?

Speaker 2  20:48
Here's the thing, there is a there is a third party thing that plugs into it that someone else developed. And then there's a person that developed libre office to work as an email client. It's very intriguing to me. It's actually amazing that what they were able to do that because of the very limited just it's partly politics, and then that caused this other program to be developed just simply in Libre Office, which is actually I just sent an email you the brochure from the guy who did that. It's just

Unknown Speaker  21:33
I'd rather I'd rather use Thunderbird but but it is. me one second here. I there's somebody here waiting on me. I want to talk to him. Hang on.

Matthias Miller  21:47
Yeah, absolutely. No problem.

Speaker 2  22:25
Others somebody here staring at me. So I got him going now. So good. So I imagined since you advertise in the plane, Community Business Directory, or whatever it is, you get some calls like mine.

Unknown Speaker  22:42
Shooting? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  22:45
And one of the more than,

Unknown Speaker  22:48
Oh, go ahead. I don't want to interrupt. I was gonna

Matthias Miller  22:51
Sorry, I was doing the interrupting. I'm one of the reasons why we have these calls, even though most of most was the time we require internet is, we really do want to understand more of what people are wrestling through and what they're, they're looking to looking to get. So yeah,

Speaker 2  23:08
well, they're the what's happening with this, as the church said, You got to use this particular unit. And they even some of them, they don't understand it at all. And they go so far as to say that it is not a computer. And what it is, well, you and I both know, it is there's no two ways about it. That is what it is. And they slice and dice it. Partly a lack of common understanding of the technical world. And I would like to tell some of those people any different because no, they say it isn't, isn't that and so it isn't, and they seem to there's many people out there who want to do able to do a little more common sense things and still be protected from the, you know, the wild, World Wide Web, you know what I mean? That that's a primary. I mean, if you I told him one guy one time seems to me your fear of the unknown. Does that mean you have a lack of faith in some of these things? So you need to have a little faith that people want to do the right thing. And that's not you know, I'm doing this changing because they asked me to they want me to that's why. But on the same token, I see that there's so much more possible with what we have here, but just for myself in the small business that I have here, I doesn't seem like I'll be able to spend a huge amount of money but I like your first option about at least sending me an on and taking it a step further. I'll be happy to send you whatever you need. As far as a complete system with classic accounting installed. I am networked to the system that I'm sitting at my QuickBooks file is on a Windows base system and the classic accounting is on a classic chore boy actually right now. So we had to do some fancy network network NSF activating and so forth that get it to connect to their system.

Matthias Miller  25:17
So I have a question if we had a way to give you a giant Libre Office file with all of your classic accounting information that got updated every I don't know 515 minutes something like that. And then you built another Libre Office spreadsheet or set of spreadsheets on top of that that pulls information and does lookups and B lookups to to get the information out that you that you need is Is that Is that something that might be interesting to you?

Speaker 2  25:54
Well I can't find this super user owl that I wanted to add to you You just reminded me of something

Speaker 2  26:09
I don't know what that's on another system. Let me I'm gonna step over to another system there and then bring you a file and ask if that is what you were

Unknown Speaker  26:55
Oh bras are not coming up

Speaker 2  27:13
some reason when I'm a network thing I'm the one here and lags explore

Unknown Speaker  27:37
all right click right

Unknown Speaker  27:49
come in there

Speaker 2  28:04
this is developed for classic accounting from the guy that did my other one and I'm a

Unknown Speaker  28:26
and

Speaker 2  28:59
that port in sales order from classic accounting now I can export to anything I want really this part and it export that to the database. And he has a lot of I was impressed by this I don't know if you're finding seeing what I'm doing there or if you find it at all remotely interesting. Yeah. So I don't know if you do have control my screen at all.

Matthias Miller  29:32
I can get control

Speaker 2  29:37
anyway that now that you said about if I had any interest in doing the libre office that would refresh every so often refresh with why are we talking to report data or are we talking to actual

Matthias Miller  29:52
report data? So what we would what we would do is you would drop a this is getting pretty technical Also, we drop, we would export all the classic accounting information into and a Libre Office calc file that's on the network somewhere. And then you would write your own or you we somebody would write a spreadsheet that pulls information out of there and rearranges it in a way that you get the equivalent of all the reports that you want to see in.

Unknown Speaker  30:26
In QuickBooks

Speaker 2  30:29
that you're thinking I'd have a lot more flexibility in what gets pulled and how it gets sorted and all that. Yeah. I mean, I don't know that it would, could be saved, or printed as laid out anyway. You want really? Right. Is that

Matthias Miller  30:49
what I mean? At that point? Yeah, you got that? Then you've got full control? Well, actually hang on. Libre office itself. I have not played around with this libre office itself can connect with classic accounting.

Speaker 2  31:01
But that's what's happening right here. That's what's happening right here. Right. On my screen here.

Matthias Miller  31:08
I think I think the big difference is doing that export probably gives makes it easier for you to build things instead of needing to use macros and other types of things to to do that.

Speaker 2  31:23
Yeah, I mean, if you want to be wants to take control my screen and play around there, let's see what he did. I don't mind. But anyway, the CIO about I'm still like to see the what your first option was there. And whether this then this, that what you just suggested about libre opposite? That would make sense. I'm not sure. I guess I didn't think about it in those terms. But on our last call, you had mentioned that there is a an environment that could essentially, basically replace the, you know, this, this area, is there an outside environment, but that's way too much work? Probably. To do some, or doesn't make sense wouldn't make be feasible. Really? Right now, problem, I go ahead.

Matthias Miller  32:21
My question is going to be what's your budget for doing that? And then second question is Yeah.

Speaker 2  32:27
Yeah, that's, that's, that's, that's the bottom line here is I'm seeing more and more that I can work with what's here. But there's some annoyances, like, for example, just, you know, why can't they have this, this button is grayed out, or you can't do you can't refresh. And Joe was saying to one of the other people that, you know, that's major for him to rewrite stuff. Or he would have done it already to activate that button. Little stuff like that, I can just refresh it, I wouldn't be a huge help even here. And that's. And so, it sounds to me, like, I'm such a small guy here. I just been so used to getting what I needed, you know, with QuickBooks add ons, and so forth. And that's no longer the case, without being very specific and generating, building what we need ourselves. Doesn't sound to me like you're going to be building anything major, like, which I just said here like that, because it's not in my budget properly.

Matthias Miller  33:38
Yeah, no, happy?

Speaker 2  33:41
I wouldn't be, I wouldn't be more than happy to help send you a chore. Boy, if that's if that's what you want. I mean, I'll be happy to do that. And I'll put you in contact with those guys if you don't have their contact information. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  34:00
Sounds good. I will, I'll send over an email with some of these options that we talked about. And I mean, if if we do pursue something that has broader market, is that something that you'd want to get into as a business for yourself, and help support? Or is that just something that you know, you'd be a happy customer if we could figure out a way to make to make

Speaker 2  34:26
I will give you some short background on myself. I am the administrator of one of the windows based units that our church said is no longer tolerated, which is Windows, one of the earlier versions of Windows 10 is the pioneer data processor. I am the administrator for that. And I still go out on calls to install software on that I'm the only or I'm one of two administrators other than the guy who builds them. Those pioneer data processors so I've been going out on tech support calls for Ever since about 2015. And so if that end, I didn't really charge what I should be, a person in this business should be charging because I thought I was number one helping people. And number two, I thought I was helping the church. Well, that's no longer the case. So I am charging people, for tech support work in this type of thing. And to answer your question, I would continue to do that because it is my interest. But I am not very good at other than very simple Visual Basic, or very simple, AutoHotKey scripts. I am not. And I'm at the age where I'm not going to be learning too much more than that. But if somebody if I can help somebody, get what they need, and be the middleman Sure, I would be happy to be involved. without stepping on, you know, the other people that make the closets and staying inside their lines, I'd be happy to as long as we, you know, that makes sense. I don't know.

Matthias Miller  36:05
Sounds good? Well,

Unknown Speaker  36:06
I will work. Yeah, go ahead.

Matthias Miller  36:08
No, keep going. Sorry. Good, good.

Speaker 2  36:11
I was just gonna say, I would be happy to if they're something that is useful to a range of people, I will be happy to be the middleman and help them and, and come up with ideas. And now you get all the and I'm sure you hear it too. I hear it all the time where people call me say, Hey, why can't I do this, that and this? Well, you can go in, click here, change that and do that. And then you got what you need. And they're linear, then they think you're a genius. And you're really not. But that, that being said, they come up with that same conversations, they come up with idea, hey, that's not a bad idea. Was it trying to be able to do that? So. And that's why I called you because I seen your advertisement. And I wondered if

Unknown Speaker  37:02
it makes sense. All right,

Matthias Miller  37:04
good. Well, I will send through those tools over that I found and also send over my mailing address for the

Speaker 1  37:15
hard drive. And now,

Speaker 2  37:19
did you want? Did you want a hard drive? Or did you want an entire unit?

Matthias Miller  37:24
Oh, a hard drive is fine. I don't, I mean, we've got a local thrift store that usually has, has shells, you know, quite quite frequently or, you know, for, you know, kind of garage sale kind of thing. So I'm not opposed to it, too.

Speaker 2  37:44
Okay, I'll send you a cloned hard drive out of a working sis untampered original system. And I don't know some of the motherboards don't boot with it. And just an interesting side note is they are in the process of updating to the latest Debian version, they're in the process of developing that now. And that's because they can no longer get the motherboards that boot

Speaker 2  38:18
such a thing, there such a thing that if you have two hard drives in a system, I don't think that this system will actually boot, I think and but one way we worked around that is if you have a new hard drive that still does the old stuff. If you have an MDOT to drive in there, it won't see that and still continue to dual boot if you want it to. That's just one little trick.

Matthias Miller  38:48
That's hilarious. That is hilarious. This this is a flashback straight back to you know, flashing iPhones and you know, rooting Androids and

Matthias Miller  39:08
yeah, probably the first thing actually, I'm going to try before I try that is I'm going to try using VirtualBox parallels VMware using one of those to see if I can just do the ISO.

Speaker 2  39:17
I have tried and tried and tried. By the way, this drive. I have tried to get a virtual machine to boot to this and the only one was even remotely successful was some version of Microsoft Hyper V or whatever you call it that Yeah. And that was a number of years ago. And there is five partitions on this drive. And three of them are encrypted, and you need all five to be able to have at work and unless you have the admin rights to it the only way I was able to to resizing, the main home partition was to remove a copy and image of one of the partitions to another drive and large it and then copy that exact same back. Because I think is there a five partition limit on a drive? Maybe? I'm not sure. Like that. They did all kinds of crazy stuff like that for, for lots of reasons, I guess. I don't know. I don't know them all. Yeah. And I'm not I'm just to be clear, I'm not sending you these circumvent what they put in place or get myself in trouble by so called any hacking thing. Just to cover I'm saying that just to cover myself, you know,

Matthias Miller  40:46
yeah. I understand it can do anything. It's other than that

Speaker 2  40:49
you can do what other than that you can do with it. What do you want? So, yeah,

Matthias Miller  40:54
I think it's important to respect the spirit of Yeah. Spirit of what they're trying to try to do.

Unknown Speaker  41:02
Yeah, yeah, I agree.

Matthias Miller  41:06
Okay, all right. Sounds good. Well, good. Good chatting, Melvin, even if even if nothing further comes from this. This has been it's absolutely been a fascinating conversation. And I would definitely love to hear where you go from here.

Speaker 2  41:23
All right, and I'll send you that if you send me the information and if I need Yeah, be in touch.

Matthias Miller  41:30
Okay, sounds good. Thanks, Melbourne.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai