Speaker 1  00:00
To the way I think if you have a if you have a salesperson that is extremely aggressive, right? Very, very aggressive, constantly like pushing people, you want them to be extremely like to balance things, non aggressive, empathetic with people, because naturally, if they're naturally leaning more towards the side of aggression, they'll balance out. Right? So, instead of like for someone like you, where you have a tendency to overcomplicate things and overthink things, I would lean on the side of just being more aggressive with your your question asking, and naturally your personality is going to balance you out. Does that make sense? Versus someone who's already extremely aggressive? And then you tell them to be aggressive with the coaches? Then yeah, you might have a little bit of a problem for someone like yourself, I think you'd naturally balance things out. Does that give you some more clarity around what I meant?

Matthias Miller  01:08
Yeah, I think it's, I think it's, I think that's probably fear. Okay, I mean, yeah, I mean, I get what you're saying with that.

Speaker 1  01:23
So, um, talk to me about I mean, where the business is at now. And in the next goal, target you're shooting for what you need. Tell me about that.

Matthias Miller  01:40
I mean, currently, we have a fairly sizable development team that's at capacity. And have I'm personally engaged in a consulting engagement that is most likely underpriced, but is a significant step forward to actually defining what I, what I want from my business. So in terms of in terms of goals, I think, you know, I think one of the major goals coming into but there's this there's this expectation of with the with kind of the superficial goals and what the actual real goal is, I think the superficial goal was, was revenue. And I'm not saying that's, that's actually a goal I, I disregard, because it's important, but I think the actual, the underlying goal that it was that it was looking for was was finding a fit between kind of the, the, my, my unique ability, and my zone of genius with market demand and a kind of a scalable, scalable coaching offering. And with the scalable coaching offer, I don't think it was

Matthias Miller  03:02
didn't that one I probably actually didn't, didn't realize the importance of until later in the program. So so those are still kind of the pieces, some of the pieces that we're looking at.

Speaker 1  03:18
So part of the goal was to essentially figure out how to package yourself in in a way that was scalable, correct. Okay, gotcha. Do you not feel like you did that? Or no,

Matthias Miller  03:33
I don't you still I don't feel like I had clarity. Even from the outcome of like

Matthias Miller  03:43
Yeah. Yeah. I don't feel like I had clarity from the outcome. And, you know, again, I can't tell whether this is lack of my engagement in the program, whether this is where I was at, personally, I don't know that. I had personal clarity what I actually needed for myself, so. Yeah. Cool.

Speaker 1  04:05
So didn't really feel like you got a lot of clarity around that goal in when it came to shifting and changing that offer. And you said you don't know if it was because you didn't gauge enough in the group or you just didn't know what you needed?

Matthias Miller  04:27
Or most possibly, I don't know.

Speaker 1  04:30
Okay, gotcha. What are revenues at cannabusiness right now?

Matthias Miller  04:39
They're still hanging around like maybe 10k a month. Okay.

Speaker 1  04:49
What do you actually on that 10k month? What are you actually taking home?

Matthias Miller  04:57
Not enough. Maybe half that

Unknown Speaker  05:01
Okay

Speaker 1  05:08
so I would assume and you can tell me if I'm wrong the thing that you still need is to get clarity around around that offer right? And making sure you can because that was the goal when you originally came into the program feel like you don't have have clarity on that still. I mean, is there something else that you need from us? They don't so I can I can help you with

Matthias Miller  05:43
anything it probably comes down to that. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  05:49
I think it's fair. Okay.

Matthias Miller  05:51
I feel like I have a lot of I mean, the one thing I did get out of it I think the thing that hanging out elite definitely gave me is kind of a stronger grasp around the building blocks of how you guys actually build and deliver those types of things. But again

Unknown Speaker  06:09
sorry, he said it again, you kind of broke up

Matthias Miller  06:11
I said one of the things I did get added to lead is a strong idea of kind of what I need to be looking at to build out that offer but yeah, that's that's Gotcha.

Speaker 1  06:25
Okay, and what's your what's kind of the price point of your offer right now? The current one that you have a

Matthias Miller  06:34
current one that we have is like is five to 10k up front and anywhere from 30 to 120k on the back end okay

Speaker 1  06:57
What did you I'm curious around that going back to the offer side of things since that was your main goal what did you do to on your end to really like get the help that you needed in terms of calls and reaching out to people getting clarity what was what did that look like?

Matthias Miller  07:39
Well, I got my my offer review, and then went when running for it. I mean, there wasn't especially early on there wasn't that much of a

Matthias Miller  07:54
that much kind of there weren't any kind of red flags were alerted to me that a lot along that kind of along the path that it was taking the i i had some conversations with some with Rudy some with Alex did jump on a few of those calls. But again, it's like

Matthias Miller  08:31
again, I didn't engage because I didn't know what specific questions I needed to ask. So

Unknown Speaker  08:40
yeah. You gotta get on a couple calls. I mean, were those helpful.

Matthias Miller  08:48
So that word so that were helpful, but but some of them weren't. Again, there's, there's probably more pieces to this. Again, a major piece that was not not in here is, is

Matthias Miller  09:14
there's a there's a very cookie cutter approach to kind of to how how some of these things are approached like some of the actual implementation, some of the some of the organic pieces and always it was, to be honest, quite soul sucking. And so a lot of the calls especially this strategic calls are a big boost in that, but

Matthias Miller  09:41
here's what it feels like. I operate best in in the strategic side of things. I, I, I suck at and die in some of the technical pieces. And so I've spent 90% of my career, doing those kinds of things and the whole point Think of doing this was that I wouldn't have to continue repeating that and want to go jump off a bridge or do other kinds of horrible things. So they're in his lives and other another part part of the challenge as well. And so I don't know

Speaker 1  10:22
say a lot of a lot of stuff was really soul sucking. You mean like around the organic side of things? The organic side? Yes. Okay. Gotcha. You just just hated organic

Matthias Miller  10:41
Yeah. And wasn't, and

Matthias Miller  10:54
we got I got five minutes before my next call, how do you want to spend the last five minutes?

Speaker 1  11:00
I mean, right now, man, I just want to make sure that you really genuinely like, get what you need. Obviously, it sounds like you didn't, didn't get what you need. When it came to elite. I would encourage you as you move forward. In your next whatever it is you jump into next is to put yourself out there more. Right? When it comes to the organic side of things, asking questions, a lot of this comes down to you being vulnerable and doing some this a little uncomfortable. Either quite question I have to in just genuinely curious is I sense a lot of frustration. Maybe with us with yourself. But But I'm curious in this business and everything. I mean, this is a broad question. But are you happy right now? And I know that's a broad question. But just kind of in general, you know, like or in, in even with the businessman, you know, like maybe, maybe it's a time for for a change, you know, but just

Matthias Miller  12:32
like what kind of person the person

Speaker 1  12:37
I don't know, man. I mean, I you? I don't we don't have a whole lot of time. But I mean, I used to have marketing agency, right? hated it. never spent any time with my, my wife, kid was never present. Felt like I was running around with a chick with my head cut off. Time clients on would lose clients. I mean, I love what I do here at DraftKings. I'm the happiest I've ever been. Yeah, I have no desire to ever run a business. And I'm not saying to stop running your business. But I also know you. You've been following us for a while. Gone through CK you've gone through Lee. You've had your business for a little while. I'm I'm absolutely not saying for you to shut the doors on things. But I do want you to consider what actually makes you happy? Because right now you don't. I enjoy Chris and Taylor. Like they talk about it. They love solving problems. The business creates a lot of problems. They love solving that. Yeah. But yeah, I mean, are you

Matthias Miller  13:43
alright, so? So? I think it's a fair question. I've had other people raise this question. I absolutely hate the operational side of the business. And I don't have anybody to take it on. i I hate the tactical pieces of organic. And it just it's honestly it's like I don't know, full transparency. Earlier this week. I I applied for a sales role with the high ticket, high ticket coaching program. And this was just kind of like one of those things that was like, I would say it was a whim except it wasn't. It's kind of like outside of the arena of what I'm focusing on. But it wasn't exactly a whim. The other thing that I will say is that with my with my previous employer, where I worked as a software developer, that was one of those pieces that made me want to go jump off bridges and do other bad things. I've had this opportunity to come back in and consult with high level with senior leadership and management around some internal projects and initiatives. And I told my wife, I told my wife when I came home from work that that was probably one of the best Two hours of work that one of the one of the recap meetings that we had based on all these conversations and even the conversations themselves, but that I had with management team and kind of information gathering and, and working through some of these pieces that those were, those are definitely some of the best hours that I've spent. And so I would say there's a whole, I'm getting more and more to that place. But what I'm realizing that is that I probably either need a business partner who actually enjoys the literal business side of business. I could spend all day working with people on probably practically for practically anything. And I would, I would be happy. So I think you raise a fair question.

Speaker 1  15:53
Yeah. I'm not even saying that to. There's nothing shameful about that. Right? Like, there's a lot of people not not everyone a very, very, very, very small percentage of people are actually designed to to be entrepreneurs and run their own business. Right. And I think because of the fact that it's easy to make an LLC put up a website on Squarespace or build a funnel, you can call yourself a business owner, and everybody is essentially disenfranchised with the beauty of like running your own business. It's a lot of fucking hard work. You know? And I, yeah, I mean, that's where I would kind of leave things, man, you know? I was thinking about

Matthias Miller  16:53
what's up, you can ask a question. You can really we are where we are, we have perspective that we didn't have six months ago. But is there a way that I should have or could have or that you folks could have identified this beforehand that it looks like maybe this honestly, maybe honestly, running a business isn't? Isn't the isn't what I should be looking at?

Speaker 1  17:24
Yeah. So in short, no. Because that's one of those things. So our objective, like when someone comes into either ck, or lead, is our objective is to figure out what that person wants. Specifically, when it comes to their business, and help them get that, right. Someone comes to us, and they have an idea of what they want. They decide to work with us. But then they really aren't 100% sold on it. That's what I'm sensing from you. Like, even with the business, there's a lot of pieces of the business, there's more pieces that sounds like you dislike and you actually like. So we're like, hey, we were essentially at a point where it sounds like, you don't want to want something more than someone wants it for themselves. Right? So we're like, hey, yeah, you want to build this business, we'll help you with that will create these things. But if you as an individual sounds like you weren't 100% sold on this, right? Our objective is to take what you say you want and help you, you get that, hey, I want a business that does, you know, 20 3040 50k a month, whatever it is. Say, Okay, cool. We partner together with you, we help you figure that out. You feel like I don't really know, if I want to do the things that are going to help me hit 3040 50k a month, then that that's, that makes it difficult, you know? So, yeah, I mean, it's not really one of those things. We'll we'll we'll continue to fight for someone, right? And continue to push for someone to get what they say they want, right? But if they're uncertain on that, deep down, that's why you got to spend some time asking questions, right, asking questions yourself, asking questions in the group, even if they seem like dumb questions. Right, because the more questions you ask, the more data you put out there. Keep that feedback loop open. And you can learn more about where you're going. And if you like, where you're going and more about yourself and what you actually want. It's hard to do that if you don't put the data out there and create the necessary feedback and input. No, this is helpful at all, man.

Matthias Miller  20:00
Yeah, I think it is. It's definitely something to it's definitely something to consider. I mean, one less thing to throw out, like, yeah, anyway, I got some even drop off. But I guess one last thing to drop, to throw out, actually filled out that application yesterday afternoon on the application was a disc questionnaire. And one of the things that I've realized along the way is, is that for years, I've lived with the expectation to show up differently than, than what's my natural Mo? And I think, honestly, if I were, if I were starting over from scratch, and asking myself, where it is that I should be going, knowing? Well, I guess, sorry, the reason why I brought that up, I took the desk, but some of the work that I've been doing some of the mindset work and some of the other things, I've realized that that my perception of who I was, was not actually the the, there's not actually an alignment with how, when I am genuinely myself, how I like to show up, and I don't think it's just a hey, I know there's a lot of people who are willing to there's some level of adaptation that that we have the capacity to have. And that's a whole other conversation to have. I don't even know why I'm rambling on that.

Speaker 1  21:39
I mean, it. Here's the thing. So here's something that I personally like realized with myself, over the last, like, six months, is creating personal honesty, like you have to be ruthlessly honest with yourself and the people around you, right. And before, even with the people around you, you have to be honest with yourself. And a lot of times, I'd find myself, especially being in an environment. With a lot of high performers working around like Taylor, and Peyton and Chris Wright. I would be very quick to respond to things and questions they asked when they probed, I would respond with what I thought they wanted to hear, versus with what was actually accurate, or, or how I actually felt. And they got me into a couple of positions where I was doing things that I like, I didn't really want to do, right? Or I was I was going in a direction that didn't align with my vision and what I truly wanted, right? You're really, really in tune with what you actually want. Then that compass kind of goes, it sounds like it's like a fire alarm. You're like, oh, fuck, man, I'm going in the wrong direction. So you have to be honest with like, you have to just not care not give a shit about like what other people think. And you have to answer those questions. And you have to go in the direction based off of what do you actually want? Right? What is actually true to you? Not? What do you think people want to hear from you? Because you're doing more harm, not only to yourself, but to other people. When you're answering a question. They're going in a direction based off of what you think someone wants to hear. Like, that's great. You can you can you're really good at reading people, you can predict what people want to hear from you. But that helps no one. Yeah, but only harms people, including yourself. So, yeah. Yeah, I mean, I would, I would, I would think about that. Obviously, right, right now, like, I don't even care about the, you know, financial side of things like, get continuing with elite doesn't make sense. In my opinion, and honestly, like, I wouldn't even allow you to join right now based on on this conversation. I think you need to do some time and think and figure out what you actually want, man. Get really, really clear on that. And be okay with the answer. Right. Be okay. If the answer is not what other people expect of you. That's okay. Right.

Matthias Miller  24:40
Yeah. Cool. Yeah. That's cool.

Speaker 1  24:45
It's good. Night, man. Hey, appreciate it. All right. Yeah, you got me up if you need anything. Okay.

Matthias Miller  24:52
Hey, I'll do that. Thanks, Jake. Yeah, you bet.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai