Speaker 1  00:02
So I have a little bit of an unusual chapel for you guys this morning. Is that okay? No, sorry. I don't. Either way it's going to be an unusual chapel this morning. I want to talk about something that I want to talk about money. And I want to talk about Oh, yeah. And I want to talk about specifically the trash. Athan that's coming up. Now I don't know if you guys have talked about the trash it's on yet or not. You guys talked about that at all. Alright, so early. On, I should maybe have secrets a little bit more than now. But every year we go clean up a whole bunch of trash at the shooting range to raise money for the school, because running a school takes money. There's somebody who once said that, that money is not the most important thing, but it's pretty close to oxygen. Because without money, we can't have a place to have school and we can get you guys education and we can beat you guys. And you guys can have one place to stay all of those things. And somebody else wants said that money. Money doesn't matter to God. But He knows that it matters to us, because we need it. Right. Okay, so the trash Athan is one of the ways to raise money for the school so that you guys can you have an awesome teachers around and even on the especially on the bad days when you don't want to be at school, that you still have awesome teachers that are cheering you on and saying you can do this, I believe in you. So I want to talk a little bit about how you guys can win at the trashes on that. How many of you guys like anybody here like money? You get money like when anybody likes a winning? No? Okay, most good. Y'all regular humans. I like it. So how can we how can you what are the things that you can do to win? Now we'll talk a little bit about that this morning. So I'm gonna have to keep moving because there's a lot of things that we get into, but very simply, the way that you win at the trash Athan is you go find people to talk to and you go ask them if they'd be willing to give money to just for the school. It's that simple. Find people to talk to ask them if they'd be willing to give money. Okay, so what are the two things find? And then do it. Okay, it's that simple. That's simple. And then we all have in our heads sometimes how many of you guys think about asking somebody to please give money to the school and you get the butterflies or creepy crawlies or something in your stomach in your life? Now okay, well, I want to talk to you guys. There's a few things you can do. You guys have friends that have money and are happy to give money and they're comfortable and nice to talk to. And if they really don't want to give you money, they're not going to laugh at you and B are nasty, and they're just gonna be like, No, thanks, like, right? And so when you're talking to this week, or you maybe have a grandpa or grandma who's really kind and really nice and great to talk to. And before you go asking somebody for money, you can just take a moment and think about what it's like to have a conversation with your grandpa or your grandma or this other really nice person in your life who's really quite awesome. And even though they know that you get butterflies and creepy crawlies and and shivers up and down your spine whenever you think about asking somebody for money. You can think about that person and pretend that you're talking to them as if you were talking to them. And it will help you get into the right frame of mind to have this conversation with whoever it is that you're talking about. The other thing is there are different ways to ask for money. So some work better, it might work better for different people than others. Some might work better for people that you're talking depending on the person you're talking to. It might depend better on you. So what are some different ways you can ask for money? Well, you can ask, if you can drive, you can go drive over to their house. Or if ask your parents to take you over and you can walk up to their to their door, ring the doorbell and say hi. I'm working on a project. And I was wondering if you could help me out. Can you give some money to my school we're gonna clean this really nasty place and it's a lot of work. And it's really, really messy and really sweaty. And could you please help us out? So you can ask in person or you can pick up the phone and you can do a video call with somebody. Or you can do a phone call. Or you can text or you can write a letter and send a picture of the letter by text or you can write a letter by hand and send that letter by mail. Or you can do more than one of these. You can write a letter by mail and then call them up and just say hey, did you get the letter that I sent you in the mail? And here's the little little tip there are people who pay other people lots of money to help them learn how to make more money. It's kind of the way the world works sometimes. And one of the simple things that the smart guys come around and they say is be persistent. And if you can talk to people in more than one way then you can talk to people in more than one way and the more different ways that you talk to them, and the more likely they are to respond. And you don't have to twist their arm to give money if they don't want to give money then you're like pretty Thanks. That's fine and you go find somebody else to talk to. Alright, a few reasons. why people want to give to you. How many of you guys like when you have a friend? Let's say you have here's, here's the story I got. It's the day after your birthday and your grandpa and grandma gave you this big five pound bag of candy. And your friends at school gave you each each you know that you got another five packs of candy from your friends at school and you've got this stashed in your bedroom somewhere. And little annoying little sibling comes. And it's like, Excuse me, can I please have some candy? And you're like, sure, yeah. And then two minutes later. Excuse me. As a candy, please. You're like okay, fine. And then comes again. He can have a piece of candy, please. And this time, you're starting to get a little annoyed. This is Mikey. I'm not giving away my candy. And so maybe maybe just to get your little sibling to go away and you're like okay, fine. Just take this piece of candy and go away. And then they come back again. They say Can I please have a piece of candy? Now, what is the problem in this situation? The problem is actually not that your little sibling is asking for candy. Well, maybe it is but maybe not. Because your little sibling is only thinking about themselves. And what your little sibling once. Now what if your little sibling would come to you? And we'd be thinking about something that you want and they say Hey, brother, Hey, big sister. Can I do your chores today? And if I do your chores, I have 10 pieces of candy please. And you might prop your feet up and say yes, yes you can. And you can keep doing this as long as you like and suddenly your attitude changes. How does this apply here? Sometimes we look at people who have money and give them money and be like, Oh, they just give give, give, give give and they got way more money than we need. We're just gonna go ask him. Keep asking them for money and we never stopped to think about what is it that they want. And I can tell you, I don't know exactly what everybody does. But I can tell you what most of them want. They want somebody who many times they want it. They want to give their money to somebody that they care about. And so it can be as simple as if you're you've got a contest and you're looking to win. They might actually want to give you money to help you win. That might be what they want. Or it might be that they really care about Christian schools, and they think it's really important for you guys to be in a school like that. And when they give money they look for those types of things to give to so that could be something or it could be that maybe they're into hunting and they like the fact that they can go to a free shooting range and and they don't have to pay anything to go to the shooting range and that's what they care about. And you will are going to help clean that up for them so they can join them. Or it could be depending who they're at. They just care about Kenyan city and about give me this a better place. And they liked the fact that this is the town that they grew up in and they wanted. They want this town to be to be a good town to live in. It could be that there's a lot of different reasons, but paying attention to the reasons why.

Speaker 1  10:01
What Why does it matter to the other person caring about them is going to give go a long way. So here's some very practical things that you can do. Some of you guys some of you guys are way up in your hands. You spend too much time thinking you think about this and think about that and what did they say this and what if this happens? What did they laugh me and what did they nobody answers and what fill in the blank? And so, some of you, here's a very, very simple thing you can do. If you ever have trouble spinning your wheels, trying to get it done. Go find a buddy that isn't like that. Who's the person who's just ready to go. You're the one holding them back before the dive off this really tall bridge because they think that would just be exciting fun, because they're just ready to go. Go find somebody like that. Or some of you guys get really excited about this. And you're like, I'm gonna win the money. I'm gonna win the prize. And you spend the first three days talking to all kinds of people and then by day four, you're like, on to the next thing and you've completely forgotten about it and then you don't win the prize because you kind of gave up too soon. Once again, you can find yourself a buddy it can be a parent that could be a sibling, it could be it could be somebody at school if you guys are willing to figure out a way to do that and work together, find somebody who's who's going to help you stick it out to the end. So very simple. Go find people who are these people. It can be a neighbor it can be they can be family. It can be an uncle, an aunt or cousin. It can be can be people at church, it can be people at work, it could be somebody at your dad's place of work I've had you can go visit if your dad's in an office for example. And there are other people there nearby you can go ask them there are people who own businesses, businesses around here businesses back back in you know other where you got family and then and then just it's really this take the time to do it. It's just that simple.

Speaker 1  12:37
Yeah, another very fun thing that you can do. If you really, really, really want to win is set yourself a goal. And so figure out how much money you want to raise and figure out about how many people you think you you need to have give to do that. So let's say you want to raise it's gonna say $1,000 And you want that to come from you think you can get that from you think most people could give maybe $20 Let's just say on average, they're gonna give $20 some more, some less. I don't actually know what the averages are. But so 1000 divided by 20 is how much

Unknown Speaker  13:26
yes

Speaker 1  13:28
almost one less zero and you got it. Correct. So you have to you have to have 50 Different people give now not everybody's gonna give. So if you want 50 people to give, maybe you have to talk to making up a number. I know what it is exactly. 120 people. So you make a goal and say I want to talk to 120 people, you guys know 120 different people that you could talk to, if you do set a goal. I'm gonna make a list, one to 120 I'm gonna go find as many different people and if you run out you can go call your uncle and say, Hey, Uncle, I'm raising money for this. And oh, by the way, do you have any other people that should be asking about this? And they will help you put fill out the rest of that list. Or you can go to your dad tomorrow, or to any of these people who else should I talk to and you can get your 120 people and you can make yourself a little chart. The little thermometer however you want to do it. Here it is. So I've talked to 20 people 30 people 40 people, 50 people, 60 people 70 people. And as you do that you should see your you can have another chart of how much money that you raise, and you should see that chart go up based on how many people you how many people you talk to. So it's really not that complicated. Here's what I found. Sometimes when things are a little scary or uncomfortable or we don't do them a lot. Our brains do funny little things to make us feel safe and comfortable. And we take something that's really quite simple and our brain finds a way to make it really complicated and really. And we go find things that we think and our brain finds ways to get us distracted on other things that maybe aren't actually as important to us. But it's more comfortable.

Unknown Speaker  15:34
So there is your little view some thoughts and some ideas that you can put to use to raise money to trash and then we'll see

Speaker 1  15:53
when you will see at the end of the year, who exactly won this prize, because I think pretty much any one of you if you guys put your mind to it and you put in the work that you got a great shot at doing this

Speaker 1  16:14
all right, so we're gonna call it a wrap and I'm gonna pray for you guys and turn it over. So Father we're all here in different places, different different different ages, different personalities, different interests. And God, you've gifted us all uniquely, in a way to connect with other people and to serve and to serve them in different ways. So Father, I just pray for each of the kids here. As they look to have these conversations with other people. I pray for boldness for them and pray that You would give them creative ideas, people to talk to and and Father we pray to you we pray for the people who will be giving to this rally we pray that this wouldn't just be us. taking from them to follow that you would we recognize that money is a gift and we pray Father that You would bless them above what we can we can ever, ever give. Give back to them. So we pray for so we're, we're grateful for you. We're grateful for the gift of your presence with us. We're grateful for the life that you gave on the cross so that we might live. Teach us how to live our lives in practical simple obedience to you so that we can glorify You in Jesus name, Amen.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai