Speaker 1  00:00
went round one but you're not It's not too late for round two. So I know just Dante that's all the name and it's very special to me and they all say my name and then

Unknown Speaker  00:14
yeah clear their hero you really are. Yeah, John are you picture

Unknown Speaker  00:26
this guy? There's another guy yeah yeah, I have a picture. It's pretty good. That's great. Yeah, we've we've actually got a picture of both of them in our bedroom. I don't know if it's the same one or that

Unknown Speaker  00:46
exact yeah

Unknown Speaker  00:51
yeah yeah,

Unknown Speaker  00:54
that'd be good. That'd be good. Appreciate you

Unknown Speaker  00:58
all. Sundays I don't even know what I can tell you better than I can. But what we do today what do we do? Yeah, I really don't know. Made it through. Yes. Thanks again. Yep. Appreciate it. You know,

Unknown Speaker  01:39
hey, I just really want to help us not just the kids but us to just want to appreciate it reminds me.

Speaker 2  01:51
I've been on the committee's with you for a long time for kids. It's been a while both of you. Yeah.

Speaker 3  02:00
Thanks for being faithful. Like every year for the past how many years you've been

Unknown Speaker  02:06
ready for this right there? Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  02:10
And are we

Unknown Speaker  02:11
playing football? Yes. Thank you so much for that. Like to use it for a few for us. Not just hitting us up leadership. Spirits, you know, seeing what he wants to do. to

Unknown Speaker  02:32
smudge,

Speaker 4  02:33
Kelsey, you know I don't really have a word for you. But you and Bonita you're kind of like the people I consider that are like in my corner. I just appreciate

Unknown Speaker  02:49
that. I know you guys know the person of Jesus. And because of that a know that I like to trust that I have that like wisdom in my corner appreciate the need to school their family here definitely In our first training he was just like impressed with just being energetic and like you guys do keep doing very much. Yeah.

Speaker 5  03:51
I don't necessarily have like, I'll just like, I just want to say thank you very much for like that's all like that's the only words that come to me thank you were like bringing the presence of God with you and for just like letting the Spirit lead and I see how you say things and you're unsure about it but like, I just really, really appreciate it and like with everything seems like I don't know what my calling is yet and I was like, because I've been on this like, I don't know, like, I'm just trying to figure it out because my values have been changing my heart. You can

Speaker 2  04:34
also buy to be fine, no big deal. And I've just never heard something.

Speaker 5  04:41
And it really, really mean so I just want to say thank you. Yeah, just because like there, there have been a lot of times where I sit there and I'm like I don't even know what I want and so just the way you lead this I just like what are the other things in general and just like especially like VBS VBS is one of the things that I really look forward to.

Speaker 5  05:16
to you guys, I just want to thank you for us allowing God to be here and letting him know you guys and not stuffing anything or trying to box or trying to like go along a certain you know, structure and just like letting the spirit you hit us you're very welcome thinking

Speaker 6  05:43
good or bad right now I just want to pray over Matthias and being in their family asking that you would pour out an extra measure of your blessing as they finish up this week and go into the next one. For the way that they have sacrificed God I pray that you would just restore and renew vision and passion and energy. I just want to pray over Bonita right now especially in this place where she is sacrificing many things with family and stuff. God I pray that you would just I just want to pray especially specifically healing over her for any any extra thing that she's just poured out and God that you would just heal in her spirit places that are maybe exhausted or worn. God we pray that You would just specifically strengthen that core of who he is continued in a way of speaking from your heart is leading young people and people who are searching and people who are wanting more of you that you would just continue to encourage that or strengthen that area. God that he could just be bold continuously and also at a place where he follows and hears and listens God. That would just be something that you will continue to draw him in closer to your heart in that place. I pray over all those kiddos in their home that you would just give extra measures of time for them to spend with their kids. That you would just give them energy and lots of joy over the next few days. That any place where the enemy wants to come in, that you would protect them that you would just put a hedge of protection around their children and around their sleep. We ask this in your name and then yep

Speaker 3  08:09
get my thoughts together but I want to bless you especially for putting your all into it. And yeah, it just shows the work you guys put in and everything you do for this shows and I want to bless you for that and also bless you with God's peace and peace journalists want that piece to be in your household. And thank you very much


Transcribed by https://otter.ai