Speaker 1  00:00
So I'm gonna biased but I really appreciate how you allow like gifts to flow together to make this work and prepare tonight is to just let the gift like prophetic side of the spring for the middle life. This is fun

Speaker 2  00:21
to sit back as an old guy and watch that and he just rejoice that you feel Dante is my boy

Unknown Speaker  00:33
Okay, cool for sure

Unknown Speaker  00:38
guys need to really appreciate that you're

Unknown Speaker  00:39
all doing and praying for you

Unknown Speaker  00:41
that God is good the woman

Unknown Speaker  00:44
ever emptied out.

Unknown Speaker  00:47
You always have something more in there and she always appreciate

Speaker 3  00:52
the way that you teach your children and interact with them and

Unknown Speaker  00:55
I just want to pray for you. Both you and Vinita

Speaker 4  01:02
we're recording Julian and Beth here but anyway, I'm just praying that you guys would just be filled and that your kids will behave as one thing this was just specifically praying for talent out there this behave but I'm praying for real kids can appreciate it very much

Unknown Speaker  01:18
is praying for energy for y'all.

Unknown Speaker  01:20
Thank you very much. Yes, I'm

Unknown Speaker  01:22
thankful as well. Awesome.

Speaker 5  01:27
I'm interceding. I'm praying for Ella and Dakota. And I just thank you guys for always being authentic and open and honest and communicate very well and you teach amazingly so thank you.

Speaker 6  01:39
Just bless his lead our hearts of people love to respond to that. openness of the heart of the leader, just a lousy.

Unknown Speaker  01:51
She's a lot like my wife who's

Unknown Speaker  01:54
Lois Cohen is she's awesome said bless

Speaker 7  02:00
you guys for everything that you do. It literally means so much. I mean, the kids and the staff. I mean it's been amazing. The first how many days like give me the next call. So

Unknown Speaker  02:11
I just wanted to thank you enough for all

Speaker 8  02:14
the energy and effort you put into this meeting. And I know like I'm pretty new. You barely know me and I barely know you but I can tell that you put a lot of time and effort into this week and why can you like put in time and effort to

Speaker 9  02:30
the kids? Not just the kids but especially our children to watch it so that's that's really appreciate the way that you're busy this week, like for Christ and speak and I'm praying that you guys have thanked for NIDA for you know pushing us to do this. Yeah, it's really good

Unknown Speaker  03:06
to keep praying for extra strength and

Unknown Speaker  03:11
rest every night.

Unknown Speaker  03:14
We'll pray for my guide dot really appreciate what you guys do. How much you guys put in to this event and everything else you do. It's absolutely awesome. You guys are making great and

Unknown Speaker  03:33
we both appreciate

Speaker 10  03:37
this I bless you all for all the hard work y'all put into a week like this and I want to pray especially for y'all and especially to

Speaker 11  03:46
somebody you know you guys are like a role model to me like I told somebody this like I was like man, like Matthias and bonita. Their kids are so respectful and you guys like a lot of kids but like, does your unconditional love for them? I have I had to make on my group the first night and Elena says the group and both of them are just so respectful. Also on Sunday, one of them came up to me and just thanked me for teaching that and that made the world to me. I was like so I just want to bless you for the parents that you're in unconditional love and just a good example you set for everybody

Speaker 12  04:25
listen, I I really appreciate your family and just seeing how you guys bring everything together here and stuff. It's just like I just amazes me how you guys can do so much for how much responsibility you have on your plate. And so I just want to let you guys know that and yeah, just keep doing what you're doing even

Unknown Speaker  04:51
kind of overwhelmed

Speaker 12  04:53
and stuff. Yeah. I really appreciate what you're doing.

Unknown Speaker  05:00
So is this thing recording

Unknown Speaker  05:04
and everyone else?

Speaker 13  05:06
All right, where did you begin? Like, just thank you so much for the energy that you all are pouring out and like obviously, Matthias and Bonita but I had to think especially with the kiddos and just the sacrifice that they're giving this week as well and letting your parents care for and take care of like so many things this weekend. So I just want to thank you guys too and saying a prayer for you guys tonight. I hope you guys have a great night's rest. See you tomorrow night.

Speaker 8  05:36
We've had some of you guys last year for part for your children. And I want to pray for renewed strength and renewed energy to put into your children as well. Because I know it can be exhausting. And yeah, so I want to pray that over you guys this week and yeah, tonight especially as you do this whole BBs thing too. So yeah, I pray for that and just bless you for your sacrifice that you're making for your children, you guys. Your guys are raising world changers and I believe that so

Speaker 14  06:18
I'm praying already. When I think people have influenced thank you for loving people where they're at. We're speaking truth. And so tonight we're praying that God just speaks a lot of truth over you and your family and truth. Over the hearts of the kids. loving man.

Unknown Speaker  06:39
Man, Vinnie that you guys are some of my favorite people. Truly,

Speaker 15  06:45
I feel like I've learned so much from you. And like it's really an honor to be here with you guys like here at VBS I think one of my favorite memories from my lifetime is the first like the first year that I taught and you guys let me come over for an evening. Like a few evenings, like like every week and it was just I don't know, it was so good. I love doing that and some of my other favorite people are your kids. And somebody we pray for them tonight. So for Dante and Timika and Ella and Takota and Adrienne rank for them because they're my favorites so thank you so much.

Speaker 16  07:34
I just want to bless y'all in the work of kids that you do like pleading when y'all laid out movie or VBS and it's amazing watching like just Jesus Leadership Academy academies Okay, I

Speaker 17  07:57
see you guys like your kids. Like the security like to speak in that and just like it just amazes me gives me courage and like, I'm just glad that like, there is a chance there's like, so close and I'm just like excited for that. So

Speaker 18  08:14
I just want to say thank you and a blessing as you guys work especially with foster kids

Speaker 9  08:27
but, uh, first I was thinking that it's covered

Unknown Speaker  08:30
is Junior strength tower that

Unknown Speaker  08:33
we need to like pray that over you guys. It's gonna be a journey. Thank you. Thanks. Good job. We're just

Unknown Speaker  08:51
going to be praying for all your

Speaker 8  08:53
needs a lot what you're doing. God forbid Anita. I am. Adrienne was the name that came to mind and so I want to pray for him specifically, but just bless you guys for the way that you support people

Speaker 17  09:11
and call out like bring out their callings and

Speaker 8  09:16
for Vinita like the way that she has supported me and I just bless strength on that and I'll be praying into that that you guys can keep like having strength to keep for you.

Speaker 19  09:30
So during Keepvid today, dot j s for preppers Grandpa and I accidentally left him out you know praying for everybody. So I kinda want to especially tell Dante that I will remember and pray for him tonight. And I want His forgiveness I guess for leaving that out because like, there were a lot of kids asked and I just loved his out and just your faithfulness every year. I don't I don't know what to do it. And

Unknown Speaker  09:58
we'll get started on what I'll say.

Unknown Speaker  10:01
Love you guys.

Unknown Speaker  10:02
And my

Unknown Speaker  10:03
prayer focus tonight is to make an announcement. That's awesome. Love.

Unknown Speaker  10:10
It is recording

Speaker 20  10:12
this is for Vinita mostly thank you for talking to me the other night. What she said about Dante wanting me to be history leader actually felt pretty special to me. So thank you for that. And I want you to know that I'm gonna be praying Him and for Him as is as well. As the guys for the large number. Also, we're getting a lot of work. You're putting a lot of time. Thank you for all that.

Speaker 21  10:39
Yeah, I just feel like you guys are just putting in all the work for this. Like, yeah, you have a big family. I know there has to be stressful and hard to take care of

Unknown Speaker  10:49
you in order to be better

Unknown Speaker  11:12
is to add you to

Speaker 22  11:20
Jelly. Jelly jelly sighs I feel like I don't even really know you. But it's been an honor getting to see you know, I take charge and during this whole thing like and one thing that really stood out to me about human bleeder last night when he was talking about her day It wasn't it just wasn't Yeah, she's gone through some stuff. But even like even in the you still show up and was like, super pumped and excited and you get everybody fired up about life and just this it's really a blessing for me to be able to see that educators AdVenture Media, show up for people even when I'm

Unknown Speaker  12:07
feeling Thank you very much appreciate it.

Speaker 23  12:13
I heard he said he feels like he doesn't know you and that's kind of why I'm that. Good kind of figure out how I feel about your students. I do appreciate. I feel like you you stand out your difference. You stand out in some way to be honest and I think it's weird, but I think he's so cool because you don't you don't let that pain like keep you from doing what you feel like the Lord lady Museum. That wants to call in. Yes, please.

Speaker 18  12:56
I want to affect you. I can't just pick one of us. But to like the rest of your family was struggling like the kids. Practice in leadership positions. Sometimes it's getting lost.

Speaker 10  13:13
Say no. I am going to pay for it to make up because when I saw her in school, she was a beautiful fun and very extroverted little girl. So yeah, I'll be praying for her.

Speaker 24  13:30
I just really appreciate how you guys take care of your kids. It's always a joy Sunday morning CDs walk in they come in there and they're always so polite and everything and they just always a grin on their face and I really appreciate that and God bless you and all that you pour into them. And I'll be praying for you. All of us as a family. Right? Yep. So think was yours? Yes,

Speaker 25  14:01
it is. For my computer there. Yeah. Okay, so Oh, I have it. I just really admire that you guys keep coming day after day. Which you have to but like you have a smile on your face and you make us all enjoy it. I always me, like when I see you guys just like oh, yeah, even if I don't want to be here. Let's do this. I really appreciate that.

Speaker 26  14:29
I think it's kind of crazy. So bunnies tonight. I don't think it's all your kids but as a good shot. Maybe I just over exaggerated. So many children and you also come here and just do incredibly well. It's I don't know how y'all you guys, your parents it's amazing to watch

Unknown Speaker  15:02
need you guys. I will do that. Yeah, I will. Okay, so

Speaker 21  15:12
when he said something about that, I think one of the main things that I think about when you think about PBS is next. And I think that that's why I encourage people to be a part of it. Because I know that in any ordinary situation. You're going to ask questions like that. And you're not afraid to and I really appreciate that about both you and Demeter. Even if you feel we're doing it, I know that you're doing it because it's not just some whim for some people do anything

Speaker 21  15:51
and I really appreciate that because I know that when you share it, I know it's coming from God and it's not just it's gonna be relatable, and it's gonna be random. And that's usually

Unknown Speaker  16:04
the best time

Speaker 21  16:06
because people were tight. You get people who are like, man I'm listening now like I hear you. So I just definitely the best things about OBS is just yeah, you guys open opportunities for that you get. It's really it's a it's a rough week, but it's one of the best weeks and I really I know you probably get a lot of voices screaming at you. Oh, sure. You know, you do you can't have a crowd this big and not have people going. So it takes a lot of grace to deal with that and you guys do. So thank you going on last few guys

Unknown Speaker  16:56
Dante Awesome.

Speaker 27  16:57
Thanks. Now this is kind of crazy and bizarre and I wish I could be right here to say this to both of you. But something that I really hadn't noticed is how like, vocally when you speak like pick up our gears and your voices. And it's just so empowering and like, rich and inviting. So thank you. Thank you for I know that's like kind of a weird like, hears voices like describe it but it's really like if you can hear the Passion of Jesus and Jamie like yeah, thanks for thanks for just leading us and being you being you guys. So appreciate it very much. Appreciate it very much. That was great there was joking. So

Speaker 3  17:57
earlier tonight, like when we ran out of plates and everything, like everybody just pitched in and Vinita was just very happy and she is so well it's just like rolling with the punches and I very much appreciate that. And that was such a fun thing to watch because it's a good lesson for me and I want to bless you Benito in doing that. And just the way that you Yeah, the energy that you bring to something like this and you do so well in planning all of this and just going with it. And so I want to bless you as you, Mother, your children this week, Andrew NGVs you're doing an amazing job. And he was one that like the way that you guys just pour into the youth here and then also just into the kids and last year

Speaker 26  18:47
I'm just simply praying that you guys will rest well and your kids restaurant was the crazy schedule that you had.

Unknown Speaker  18:55
I can't imagine gaining gray hair.

Unknown Speaker  19:00
I won't be losing it's awesome.

Unknown Speaker  19:03
Thank you very much

Unknown Speaker  19:04
appreciate guys

Unknown Speaker  19:06
definitely be praying for know you put a

Unknown Speaker  19:14
lot of energy into this.

Unknown Speaker  19:18
In return for full plus, pretty much

Speaker 28  19:24
I sort of question your wife just yeah, just the passion guys have for kids. I know you guys could sit up when you guys have passion for kids, you guys. Yeah, especially guys that they can pray for both. You appreciate each other here. Definitely. I miss you guys. Thank you

Speaker 29  19:42
so first off topic. Um, you don't need a laptop anymore. I do. Sorry. Let's go. Second thing was all cramped for your family just for unity and peace. I know. Especially the little stuff going on. It's really easy for little things to either be ignored or kind of escalate and become big problems and strive for peace.

Unknown Speaker  20:04
Thanks very much appreciate it.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai