Matthias Miller  00:02
All right, so I'm going to share my screen and walk you through this book creation process here. So bear, bear with me. I'll try to keep it moving so you don't get bored. But essentially, you'll need to set up a LastPass account so that you can so I can share this login with you, unless, of course, there's some kind of way to share access to this, and I don't know if there actually is.

Matthias Miller  00:38
I don't think there is. So basically, what you need to do is we're going to go into, I can't find it. We're going to go into author books and create a new book we'll put in the title these desert seasons, and we want to.

Matthias Miller  01:15
We can actually do this through the in browser, Markdown editor, if you want to. I like using GitHub because it gives us history on changes. So it's a

Matthias Miller  01:37
little bit more complicated. Sorry about that. It's a little bit more complicated to set up. Basically, what you're going to do, you'll get an invite to if you set an account on github.com I can invite you here, and you'll go to the mys LLC organization. View this link right here. If you need that, you go to repositories, create a new repository, and we'll just call it these desert seasons. You can put hyphens in there, if you like. It's keeps it simple. Bear in mind, it's important to make the owner be mys LLC, so that we can both have access to it easily. And then we create the repository, and then we're going to going to come back over here and we're going to paste in nyslc these desert seasons, and we will add it to the lifetime membership, because I have a lifetime membership for unlimited publishing. So we go ahead and add that to the plan.

Matthias Miller  02:58
Please wait. It says, Okay, wait All right, so then there is, let's see, I think there's specific

Matthias Miller  03:19
instructions on how to set this up with GitHub. With GitHub.

Matthias Miller  03:29
Okay, so we create the repository All right, so we're going to go ahead and there's a few things we need to set up. So first of all, you're going to click the setup in desktop. And I mean, first before you do that, you're going to want to go to, no, back, I'm you just want this one. You're going to want to download Github desktop for Mac OS download for Apple silicon, and you just download it like you would any other app. It looks like it's zip file, probably dropped property, the Applications folder, etc. Then you click this button, after you have it installed, open Github desktop and go ahead and share this other screens that you can see.

Matthias Miller  04:38
And you will clone it. It will go into your documents folder, document, slash GitHub, slash these desert seasons. So you will clone it. When you first create it, it's going to be empty, which you would expect. And so now, so that's so now let's go ahead and walk through the rest of the. Stuff. I'm going to actually change my screen sharing to show my entire screen so that you can see everything that's going on. All right, so now we're going to populate the repository. So we're going to go into documents GitHub these desert seasons, create a new folder called manuscript, and then we're going to go to here, we're

Matthias Miller  05:32
going to download this as a markdown file, which is going to take a while, and we're going to, oops, I didn't need to click that. We're going to drag it into there. We're going to copy the file name. We're going to create a,

Matthias Miller  05:57
I thought I had a way to create a new file here. File New. No, I don't Okay. We're going to create a text edit, and it's going to call, we're going to put in, make sure I get the right names. I think, I think this is how you do it. So we're going to go into, we're going to file format is going to be a, I can't do a text document. Okay, this is bizarre. Um,

Matthias Miller  06:44
this is actually should actually be the,

Matthias Miller  06:59
Oh, got it fair enough. So we have this. We change format, make plain text, then we save it. Text to go to UTF eight is fine. We go into, let's expand this out, documents, GitHub, these desert seasons manuscript, just going to call it book. It's going to create book dot txt. So if we go back into our finder, we'll see that here, all right, so this creates it on your computer. Now, the way GitHub works is here, maybe this is, maybe I'm just completely crazy for going down this route. Maybe this is just too complicated. I'm going to create a file that's called Git ignore that's going to get rid of some Yes, I am. I'm

Matthias Miller  08:04
Ah, come on here, feeling finder.

Matthias Miller  08:14
Okay, so let me do that. All right. Well, this part here you don't have to worry about. But I

Matthias Miller  08:28
that's where the way it was supposed to be okay. So now we have so the way this works is that whenever you make a change, you'll have to do two things. One, put in a summary here, commit the three files and then publish this branch domain. If somebody else makes changes, like if I'm working on the book at the same time, you want to hit fetch origin as well. So basically, anytime then that you make edits to it, it will show up here in GitHub, and you, you need to use this Github desktop app to push and pull changes to GitHub. Alright, so then we need to add Leanpub as a collaborator. So in our new new repository here, we're going to add them as a as a collaborator, you might have to set up your some kind of two factor authentication,

Matthias Miller  09:30
and it's going to ask me,

Matthias Miller  09:42
oh, it's not asking. Let's check it. There we go. I enter into the mobile app to approve it, and now I'm in. So here we're going to add people. And we're going to add lean pub to this and what permissions does need to the repository? Think it just needs? Yeah, read and select Read Access and so we add lean pop here. All right. So, so far so good. Now we're going to go over here to these desert seasons. We're going to go into, I believe, overview. We don't actually want to, we want to print ready, preview new version. Let's preview a new version, and we're going to create a preview now. Let's see if this works.

Matthias Miller  11:19
While this is running. I found that Mac down, I don't know if you're familiar with it, back down is a great app for editing markdown files. So you just go into documents GitHub and pull up this Markdown file, and you can preview, preview it here. You can make edits and changes and all these types of things. The markdown format uses a single hash for headings, double hash for subheadings, and like double asterisks for italics, single s or double asterisks for bold, single asterisk, asterisk, italics,

Matthias Miller  12:10
and I Don't know,

Matthias Miller  12:19
all right, so now we're going to download the PDF file and we're gonna pull it up, see what it does. So it can we can cut you can customize how these how this gets generated, the the outline, what level of depth? And here it is. Now, there are a few things, like, if you look at Kevin's, Kevin did not use the first line indent as an example. So let's go ahead and

Matthias Miller  13:15
take a look at that. So if you go into settings, there are all kinds of settings that you can set here, um and um.

Matthias Miller  13:46
I next would be faster to say, by the way,

Matthias Miller  13:59
if you're not using the comment browser, um, browser, it's a great thing to use. It's on the theme. Okay, so there's a few things here. So so we can, we there's different built in themes with different sizes. So this is currently technical trade. And yes, it will reset these settings. So this is we have nonfiction, and nonfiction, which is a six by nine, and then we can actually go into custom and do to put

Matthias Miller  14:46
notes, end notes, line spacing and control the Font, Paragraph Font Size. I mean, just a bajillion things that you can customize. So let's go search right down here. No End. Then at the start of paragraphs,

Matthias Miller  15:06
I mean, literally, just an insane amount of settings, all right. And then you got to go down all the way down to the bottom and update it. And then, if you want to see it, go back to overview versions, preview new version, and go down create preview. And you can see the status on here. So just a reminder for you two things to do if you set up LastPass, I can share access to Leanpub through the password manager and set up a GitHub account with the assistant email address. I and

Matthias Miller  16:14
let's take a look at this PDF file. I'm

Matthias Miller  16:23
no, the author is completely wrong. We should change that. I think, I hope, oh, wait, I hope I'm not locked into, yeah, I

Matthias Miller  16:43
I see look at that.

Matthias Miller  16:49
So we're not we're only going to use this to generate the PDF, so it doesn't matter if it shows up on my on my profile. So now, if we go back to versions, preview, preview, new version, and we'll do a create preview again. But anyway, so that should fix his name showing up in here. You can, you can change the like we probably don't want the we're going to change this page here, and there's settings that let you do that. But literally,

Matthias Miller  17:38
there's this. So one of the things to ask Kevin about, I think, and I'll drop in the chat, is whether there's a way, if there's any kind of way, that we could break this down into about, well, into a number of volumes, like, literally, this could be anywhere from three to 10 volumes if we wanted to.

Matthias Miller  18:09
So there you go. Hope this helps.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai