Matthias Miller  00:02
Matthias, so welcome to pub in the desert, where we bring you honest, curious conversations about faith and the human experience. I'm Matthias Miller here with my co host, Kevin David critner. So before we dive in, I want to recap once again, our three guiding principles. First, you don't need to be fixed. You need to be known. And we believe that love is defined as knowing and being known. Second, we approach difficult topics with genuine curiosity, not to win arguments, but to understand. And third, we don't come with preset agendas. We let conversations unfold naturally and then just follow where authenticity leads us. So pull up a chair, grab a drink, and let's explore what union looks like with God, with others and with ourselves. So Kevin, I'm gonna, I'm gonna dive into our conversation today, because I've been thinking about, I get to, I get to have the first word perfect. I love it. So there's two types of people in the world. There are people who will naturally do as they're told. They'll follow, and you tell them what to think, and they'll think it. And then there are the other people who who are the difficult children to her parents and who don't do so well,

Speaker 1  01:06
and our bosses and our friends and our spouses

Matthias Miller  01:11
pretty much, pretty much everywhere, which so I've been, I've been thinking a lot about how Jesus led His disciples, because those two types of people need very different types of leadership styles. And I know this past week you've been writing, you wrote a post about at the time of the recording, that's you wrote a post about the nature of church, kind of the roundtable concept of church as it used to be, how we've evolved to a stage. And it occurred to me that it's been very intriguing for me to observe that I think, I think the latter type of people really want to have their hands in what is built, and the only way to really genuinely do that is through the concept of union, you have to, you have to traditional delegation in terms of leadership, really is, here's what you think, or, you know, just traditional authority, here's what you should think, here's what you should do, here's how you should act. But there's no dialog or conversation in it. So I'm curious. Anyway, I just want to, I'm just going to throw that out on the table. And I would love to go where you want. But I think that the conversations, the things you've been you've been writing about in context of church, can be quite relevant to this conversation.

Kevin David Kridner  02:36
Yeah, it's interesting. What sparked that thought process that led to that. That article was I recently took on a Instructor role within a school, and we're walking through kind of like an orientation process, and the person leading the process showed a video talking about how ineffective lecturing is within a learning environment, and how, you know, the idea is to engage people in conversation and dialog, and that's what really causes us to wrestle with things and to learn and to grow and to Go all those things. And in the midst of it, this is a Christian organization. In the midst of it, I thought, does that apply to church as well?

Speaker 1  03:31
I asked the question, and it was dead silent in the room, speaking about those children difficult to raise.

Kevin David Kridner  03:44
And I wasn't asking it to be snarky. I was asking it simply out of curiosity. Like the model that we have is essentially a lecture model, very little engagement. When there is engagement, it's to affirm the thoughts of the speaker, typically, in my experience, and so it just kind of led me down this path, like, what is the most effective way to grow and develop, what is the most effective way to engage in discipleship? Because we have, we have a pastor of discipleship at our church, and he leads a Bible study on Wednesday nights. And I'm sure he does various other things as well. But when a few times, and it was essentially a lecture, she's a book of the Bible, he researches it. He comes in, says what he he has learned, and very little engagement discussion. And I just looked at that. I goes that, well, what is our goal here? I guess, first of all, what's the goal? If the goal is intellectual knowledge, i. Yeah, okay, you can memorize dates and packs and be able to regurgitate that information and see where it goes from there. But if you look at like our what is it? Blooms, taxonomy, as far as how we learn like the very base level is memorization and being able to reproduce what you've heard, and the highest level is critical thinking, analysis, problem solving. And I just wonder what the goal is here, like if the goal is to be able to repeat information. Okay, then you're achieving your goal. But if the goal is critical thinking and problem solving and analysis, then I think we're reaching that goal even last point, I have a friend who runs a missionary organization. He grew up in Manchester, England, and he felt really, really passionate about ministering to students, and so he figured out a way to get interns who he trains, and then he sends them into schools. He's got a bunch all over the world, Germany, he's got England, he's got here in America, he's got them all over. And he made a comment about living in America, and he said what he sees with the American church is that Americans know they know. They know. They know the the word, they know the the the traditions and structures of the church. So but if you try and go anywhere beyond that, they get completely and utterly lost, as you know, an outsider looking in kind of perspective. So I mean, those are all the thoughts that were kind of swirling in my head as I was sitting down to write that article.

Matthias Miller  07:07
Well, there's a ton to unpack there. I remember coming across the story of this individual who talked about it was a boss or something. I wish I could remember specifically why we grill them with questions and just like, I mean, rip them to shreds, except it wasn't mean or demeaning. It was refining. Like, did you think about that? Like, like, helping to probe and sharpen their critical thinking. And I think, I think if you don't develop that skill, wandering outside of the known territory is absolutely terrifying, because it's, I mean, pragmatically, it's not really safe to do if you don't have critical thinking skills, if you don't know how to engage with the unknown, wrestle with it, bring it into the known. Test it like it really, actually isn't all that safe to go outside the norm. The other thing that I've really been contemplating since your article two, has been around the perception of risk, because a lot of people will take a small group, you know, a home church. I've got very good, good friend of mine who's been attending a home church for for many years, and there's always this kind of stigma of like, oh, well, you can't come under authority. Like, what keeps you from going into heresy? And there's a perceived risk with sitting around the table to talk about Scripture around you know, not having a big organization behind you. And the risk isn't completely invalid, because, I mean, you do have crazy people in everywhere but the flip side. There's also another risk, which is when, when somebody is lecturing to you, unless they are very deliberate in presenting both sides, or, you know, multiple perspectives, they can very compellingly share a perspective with you, leave out contradictory details, and you're like, Yes, that's absolutely correct. Like, I get it. I'm totally agree with you. And then when you actually go to investigate, you're like, wait, um, but there's this other piece over here that you didn't really talk about that completely like, it doesn't necessarily prove you wrong, but it really calls into question whether that's the best or certainly reduces the confidence in that being the only interpretation of how you're looking at it. And so in business, they say that the worst number in business is one. Like, one is always the greatest risk, one one employee, one client, one line of business, one any number of things. And so you're always looking for redundancy. And in a, in a in a teacher, pastor role, that there's also a, there's also risk in that. Not because you have a single person Yes, hopefully well intentioned Yes, hopefully well educated Yes, hopefully all of these things, but you also have the you have the risk of one in that type of a scenario as well. And not to mention creating echo chamber, echo chamber, exactly and and dialog. I don't know if I'm uniquely like this. I don't know how many, how many people are like this. You might have better numbers about this, but, but I think through talking, and it's very difficult for me to to really wrestle with the topic without actually talking it through with somebody else,

Kevin David Kridner  10:42
right, right? It brings me back to years ago. The historian Dolores Goodwin wrote a book called Team of Rivals, and it was about Abraham Lincoln and his first presidency, and the cabinet that he formed around him, and they were all political rivals. He intentionally chose people who he knew would disagree with him, and it was the first time I'd ever been exposed to that idea, like, why would you do that? Wouldn't you want people who support you continually around you? And as I read the book, I was like, this is absolutely brilliant. Now it takes some strength of character to be in a room with people you you disagree with fundamentally, and still be able to have a dialog around that. But like, I don't know if we have that ability in our current world, whether you look at the religious landscape, or you look at the political landscape, or you look at the business landscape, it seems like we just have a collection of echo chambers all shouting their message into the world.

Matthias Miller  11:59
So the question, well, it's very difficult to I've had people talk about the difference between uniting over Christ versus uniting over agreement, but it's very easy to even take that concept and unite over agreement that we unite over Christ and I understand there's irreconcilable differences. At some level, you can't if, if you at some point, if you can't get some basic agreement that there, you can't build a relationship if there's not an interest from both directions. But at the same time, it can be very easy to take this kind of view that says, Well, this is like to grossly oversimplify that, and then end up distancing yourself with the justification that I'm trying to be open to To other people, but you're actually closing yourself

Kevin David Kridner  13:03
off. Right, right, yeah, yeah. It's very, vastly interesting. And you think about, you go back through and you read the gospels, you try and find out who this Jesus guy is. And the reality is this, he makes some pretty he makes some pretty controversial statements pretty regularly. The one that comes to mind is, you know, in in John, where he's talking to a group of people, and he looks at him, he says, unless you eat my flesh and drink my blood, you have no part of the kingdom. He says something that's he probably knows how shocking it is to say that to a group of gathered Jews, and most of them walk away. This is too hard of a teaching. This is too intense. And then he looks at the disciples and goes, you guys going to go to and I can almost feel the angst in Peter as he responds. He's like, where are we going to go? We know you are the truth. We know you are the source of life. What you said makes zero sense whatsoever. Sounds like cannibalism to a certain degree, but we've seen too much. We know too much. Where else are we gonna go? Like it's that kind of challenging thing that really, really provokes us like I had. I had a pastor who would say over and over again, my job is not to get you to agree with me. My job is to provoke you to thought. I want to provoke you to thought. Now that's a wonderful thing. I mean, just objectively on any level, whether you look at. It from a spiritual perspective, a psychological perspective, a sociological perspective, doesn't matter like it's a very good thing. But what if you have sheep connected to you that just want to follow rules and listen and not to those are objectively bad things by any stretch of imagination. But if you want to, like, they take everything that is said. And okay, he said, You just, let's drink his blood, alright, you know. And

Speaker 1  15:30
okay. But like, it's like, it could get

Kevin David Kridner  15:36
our tendency towards codependency as human beings, towards managing the feelings of everybody else around us towards people pleasing that can get really dangerous if that that leader is not not squared away on what they're trying to accomplish. And maybe that's something that's happened within the church is, you have people leading churches that are great organizational leaders, or, you know, that kind of thing. But you know, as far as the depth of their spiritual experience, they haven't walked through the valley. They haven't experienced their own refining their own pain and their own you know, discipleship with the Lord. They're not coming higher and deeper into the presence of God, which is infinite, which never ends. And so what they're saying maybe leading people astray. And I'm not even saying that they're doing it intentionally, doing it with the best intentions whatsoever,

Unknown Speaker  16:47
but I think

Matthias Miller  16:50
it should be with an incredible amount of compassion, because I I've looked at church leaders across the spectrum and now with the context of life, even throughout my childhood, I look at how much insecurity they they battled, and I think it's really unfair actually, to put somebody in a position of leadership like that without helping them like it's letting them do that with that kind of a handicap or not coming alongside them in some capacity. It should move us to compassion, I think. And it's absolutely terrifying, because you're leading a group of people where, quite frankly, anytime you lead anywhere, quite frankly, if you're any good at what you do, you're going to attract people who are way better at things than you are. And so that then drops this question of purpose, why am I here? What's my role here and in that can be incredibly disorienting, right,

Kevin David Kridner  17:52
right? I remember reading one of Parker Palmer's books way back when, and I believe he was raised in like an Amish tradition, or something, in that that realm, and he was had to make a big decision in his life. And he he describes this process of, it's almost like calling together a council of elders, and how many of our people there were sitting in a circle, and he's there, and the only thing those people were allowed to do was ask questions. They couldn't make opinions, Objective observations or anything like it was just ask questions. And he said, we stay there until I've come to clarity on what it is that I should do. And I wonder if we have in church, we have elder boards, and we have deacons, and we have all that kind of stuff, but how much of that is focused on the discipleship and the guiding and leading of the leaders, and how much of it is about growing The organization or expanding the impact of the the ministry, I don't know, I wonder. I want

Matthias Miller  19:08
to highlight, I want to dive into that a little bit, because one of the things, you know, I've talked about has been around the red pill roundtable, which, which is an idea that we've we've discussed in private. Previously, I one of the things that strikes me about this type of approach is there's a couple of things that strike me. One of the things I've been thinking about as well, is when you center around agreement. So first of all, you have to understand that everybody has only a small, fractional view of the world. You have to accept that God, that even scripture itself, that God has to be bigger than scripture. And Jesus himself writes, it's impossible to write everything about even his time on Earth, much less the God of the universe. Like, how is it even possible? So you have to admit that God is even bigger than the perspective that we can get in Scripture, because scripture attests to it. Like, I think it's right, one of the most biblical John, John

Kevin David Kridner  20:03
says it like if I sat down and wrote everything that he did. You know, there's not enough pages in the world to publish that book.

Matthias Miller  20:11
Yes, that's right. Sorry. It was, it was John Jesus. So appreciate that. So, so then if you unite around agreement of perspective, then it means that you're, you're wholly. You have to create an echo chamber, by definition, because if, if where I sit through some combination of experiences, personality, worldview, whatever, this is how I see the world, then and if I have to have other people agree with me reasonably well, then it means that we can take degrees five to 40 and pretty close. But what about zero to five? What about 40 to 360 like, what's what about the rest of the circle, and we don't get to see? And what I find is really profound about what you just shared is each person. First of all, you're not trying to impose a truth on somebody else. You're not trying to control or manipulate somebody else's decision making, which is really easy to do when, when it's just easy to do but, but you're leaning in. Your it's an admission that I don't have the full perspective, but you by asking, by you asking your questions, I get to look at my life from across the table, where I don't normally look at it, and from this direction, and from right over here and from beside me. And it really ends up becoming a pressure test. It seems to me that having this type of a 360 degree view is a much if you're optimizing for safety, which isn't necessarily what you're optimizing for, but in terms of safety, de risking, it really is one of the best ways to or maybe one of the only ways really to de risk,

Kevin David Kridner  22:03
right? It is the only way. It is the only way I one of my mentors, she had two kind of foundational statements that she would repeat quite often. The first one was, do you want to be right, or do you want to follow Jesus? Because you don't get to do both, because any right is his right, and anytime you're not in alignment with that, you're wrong. And the other one, she used to say to couples, do you want to be right or do you want to be married? Because you don't get to be both, yeah. And it's this idea of submission to the bigger picture, like you're talking about, like, within a relationship, there's two people with incredibly unique experiences, fundamentally, across the board, big picture, we're all the same. We're all made in the image of God. We all have that, you know, and that's that's powerful, and we all have very similar experiences as as what it's like to be a human being on a 10,000 foot view level. But then there's also the thing that we're all so complete and completely and utterly unique based on our experiences, the things we've heard, the relationships we've had, the family we grew up in, the you know, the job we got when we were 16, the the the breakup we had, you know, all these things, the movie we watched, the music we listed, like it all culminates into creating this way that we view the world, all of us. And so, you're right, you get this tunnel vision. You get this echo chamber in your head of this is the right way, and it's the way we have to do it, and that kind of thing. And if you can't listen to any other perspective, any of those degrees, then inherently Your logic is critically flawed. It's going to be and the only way to avoid that risk is to widen that circle as much as you possibly can, to get that 360 view. And what is that? If not union knowing and being known like, what is it? If it's not that I

Matthias Miller  24:20
came across it, I agree. I came across an interesting article recently about AI, and it was talking about the limitations of AI, because fundamentally, it's pattern recognition. One of the things, one of the things SES was saying was that we as humans understand that there's an objective reality that lives outside of ourselves. So when we say that it's a green elephant, we we, we don't, literally, we know that, you know, one person might actually see that as a slightly varied color, that we do that, but there's still an elephant, and it's still some unusual shade of color. Miller, and we use words to describe realities that exist outside of ourselves. And one of the limitations with AI is just that it is pattern matching, that there's not really an inherent knowledge of reality that exists outside of itself. It's it's just, it's pattern recognition. I think one of the things that was really useful for me in learning to approach and engage with Scripture and even in conveying and communicating ideas. And I don't know when this really hit, probably when I first started seeing this was in my role as a software engineer that I would look at other engineers, and there are other engineers who would write code very linearly functionally, like, this is the thing that needs to be done. And for me, it was always an entity that lived outside of the code that expressed it. There was always a, I don't know how to describe it, not really a 3d picture. But, like, it sounds really weird to cause say that it was a being, but it was, it was like an entity that lived. And the code that I wrote was descriptive of the series of relationships, the series of, you know, actions, whatever. So it ended up, and I would have other people tell me that, that I had a very have had, I don't know, a very poetic way of coding, like it was functionally great, but it was expressive in form as well, which I don't really know how to explain that to beyond that, but it gave me the this, somewhere There was this idea instilled that I that there's expression and then there's ultimate reality, and I brought it into software, but then this was also a really useful way for understanding God in Scripture, because scripture is an expression, but it's pointing to a reality that's greater than scripture itself. Even what I see of people, it's a window. But who a person, person actually is is a much bigger reality. I think, if you can, I think one of the, I think, a very useful tool in navigating the world, navigating relationships, the concept of union, decision making, maturity like is being able to understand that reality is far bigger than our own perspective, and it's far bigger than than expression.

Unknown Speaker  27:41
Right? It's a little

Matthias Miller  27:43
bit of a difficult,

Kevin David Kridner  27:45
yeah, no, you're tapping to something really powerful there, like, if you look at it, you know, a large language model is a culmination of billions and billions of statements, thoughts, ideas, opinions, all that kind of stuff. And so, in a sense, it's a a bringing together of all these perspectives. And so a very powerful tool in and of that. But when you talk about your coding being poetic, you it's the pieces of you that you insert into it. Because anybody could write, I don't know coding, but I'm assuming anybody could write a straight line code that does it wants to produce this result, this function. There you go, okay, I can do that poetry. Anybody can write whatever the standard is. I can give you the standard of what a haiku is, 575, there you go. That's the framework the poetry comes in the pieces of yourself you put into it. That's the poetic element of it. And so while large language model can provide you the framework, the structure, the soul is going to be in what of what of yourself you put into that. And I think that that's I may get yelled at for this and be in trouble, but I think that's what Scripture is, is the framework, the framework of these people's stories over this time in their relationship with each other and their relationship with God, and this is a framework of human experience. This is what it looks like, and this is what God is asking of you. Now you could take that and you could use that as the scaffolding that you live your life by. You could apply yourself to the framework you. Yeah, okay. And many do where you could take that framework. And you can say, what's my experience with this framework? What if, in my relationship with God over 50 years, what have I seen and what have I heard, and what have I experienced? And what if I come to know, and you can add that to the conversation. That's the poetry in it is this is my experience of it. And if you want to look at it in black and white terms, in a very religious, self righteous way, you could say anything outside of this framework is completely off limits. Okay, get to make that decision. But Isn't God calling us to a conversation with him, a one on one discipleship with him, with the the Ruach hakadesh, the Holy Spirit of Him, isn't he calling us to that? What do you see? What do you hear? What are you experiencing and developing that intimacy with Him? And that has to go beyond the framework. That's the poetry of it. That's the beauty of it. And I just wonder if some of us are so lacking in our faith because we're not engaging in the poetry of a relationship of that dance with the infinite. I can't live it just as it makes no sense to me whatsoever. And I have no I have no negative thoughts about those who choose to live within that scaffolding, place themselves as a beam within that, that framework of that house. Of course, we're all called to be part of the body, but the unique expression based on our experiences and our discipleship with God, is the poetry that is involved in that.

Matthias Miller  32:12
So I find it very curious, because what you're describing requires a faith that who I am as a person, it's, it's kind of like, what is Psalm 139 really? Mean, when I really, actually apply it, believe it gets far easier to distance myself, to say no, who I am doesn't actually matter. Like all that matters is the framework and and it really is, in some sense, it feels like the safe bet. So I don't have to come grips, come face to face with myself, who I am, what I like about me, what I don't like about me. I don't have to bring myself into the experience. I can just fit the framework. But there's a level of faith that that's required to say, like I'm actually part of the story. I was actually intentionally created as an expression of him, uniquely for the time that I am, for the people that I'm around. And that's that's a statement of faith, right there. It's terrifying

Kevin David Kridner  33:17
sometimes, oh, it's terrifying. And to me, the safer bet is to sit in front of somebody and say, well, at least on a human level, on a flesh level, what Paul would call sarks, like, just sit in front of somebody and say, Tell me what to do. Just tell me what to do. So much easier on a human level, to do that, it's much harder to sit in a circle and say, This is my experience. This is what I've seen and heard. And I may be completely off base. I could be completely and utterly wrong, but these are the lessons I've learned in my experience, and maybe I learned the wrong lesson, and I'm open to that. What have you guys experienced? So it's more like a 12 step program. Hi, my name is Kevin. I'm a center. I've made these mistakes. I'm five days sober. This is what I've experienced. You know, like to me, that's that that is way more powerful, at least as far as risk aversion, than the echo chamber is. I think that's what we're talking about, as far as sitting in circles rather than being in a lecture hall. You know, there's engagement in that circle. I get to know that person across from me, know their thoughts and feelings, and they get to know mine, if, if we're being honest, and that that's to me, that's the powerful thing. That's the real risk aversion, the safe. Be in numbers kind of thing.

Matthias Miller  35:03
I have a little bit of a first. I have a snarky comment. Then I have a serious, serious question. The snarky comment is okay. I'm going to just pull on one thread of your 12 step program. Hi, I'm Kevin, I'm Matthias here. I'm a sinner. Am I not perpetuating my sinful behavior just by, like, declaring that I'm a sinner. I mean, and because I've had people basically say you shouldn't declare yourself as a sinner, because you're going to perpetuate sinfulness by by declaring that and, and that's the somewhat didn't come out very snarky, but, like, the serious question is, how do you actually, how do you embrace humanity and sinfulness and brokenness while simultaneously embracing life and hope and healing?

Kevin David Kridner  35:59
Yeah, well, there's a question. First, how do you define sin?

Unknown Speaker  36:11
It's a fun one. Yeah,

Kevin David Kridner  36:14
for me the most, and I'm paraphrasing here, most powerful definition of sin I got came from Carl young. He said something along the lines of sin is chasing after that which is not yours to have and avoiding that which is yours to have most often, most often pain. So by that definition, are you a sinner? Yes, me too. So let's get down to the fundamental reality. Are you a sinner by that definition? Yes. So you standing in front of me telling me not to say that I am that is the denial of reality on a very fundamental level. Philosophers, theologians, you know, people who have been deeply thoughtful about this process have been struggling with the idea of what is truth. How do you define truth for eons, and they come, they seem to come down to this conclusion that truth is what is? It's reality. It's what's in front of me. So the fact that, like Paul in Romans chapter seven, I set out to do the right thing. I have every intention of doing the right thing. I just get way laid in certain ways, constantly, consistently. Now to deny that reality is to live in fantasy. We are sinners hands down. No questions about it. We all chase after what is not ours to have, most often, to numb the feelings of avoiding what is ours to have. If you think about sin on very fundamental level, it's this is uncomfortable. I don't like this. Let me find some experience that allows me to detach from it, right? And that that can look like 1000 different things. It could, you know, it could be any number of different things. We like to focus on certain sins within our world and elevate certain ones as worse than others. But in this, always, this always struck me as odd. You know, we would talk about all sin is the same in God's eyes, you know, Okay, help me to understand that. Well, what I've come to is anytime I'm involved in that process of chasing after what is not mine to have to numb the pain of avoiding what is mine to have right there immediately. It's a choice to avoid discipleship. And that's sin, any sin, whatever methodology I use. A friend of mine, like we were talking about this recently, and he was talking about, yeah, you know which sins we like to elevate and that kind of stuff. He's in his 60s, and he's walked with the Lord for a very, very long time. Very practical guy, and he he was, he made this kind of snarky comment. He said that, oh yeah, we won't let the homosexuals into our church, but the dude who's 500 pounds, who's eating his ceilings, he's welcome. Come on in. Okay. The dude who's cheating on his taxes he's celebrated, the dude who you know, the lady who's you know has this flirtatious, you know, emotionally engaging conversation, because you know, she's lonely, and you know, come on in. But you No, no, you had an abortion. No, no,

Kevin David Kridner  40:31
it's all the reality is, is we're all sinners. We are all chasing after what isn't ours to have to avoid, what is ours to have, and so in that reality of don't say that you're a sinner, it's a fundamental denial of reality. It's living in the what should be rather than the what is. And it's a denial of the grace of God and His wanting to know us and be known by us like it's a very fundamental issue for me, like, let's just pretend like we're not dead, right, right? So

Matthias Miller  41:17
which, there's a whole domino effect of what happens when you start building your life on lies and facades and like, what happens to people when you're delusional about reality, like, it doesn't it doesn't usually stop with just some form of positive thinking. It's like, oh, the positive. My positive thinking then becomes, oh, you're okay. Because, of course, you're okay. You just need to be more positive, too. And you saying that you're tired or sick or overwhelmed or that doesn't that's just the reality you're making up in your mind. There's nothing wrong with with your life. And so you end up railroading people in the process, because you can't embrace what is. Mm,

Matthias Miller  42:07
yes. So what would you there's another thread with this. The challenge is that it's a self the church as we know it, any system really can very easily become a self perpetuating system. I mean, let's just pick the podcast. For example, one of us could start becoming uncomfortable with the podcast in some form or fashion, and because we we see the value that it has to the other person, we continue to push past it, and we just continue to do it like the system tends to self reinforce the challenge with you know, let's say that you you have pastors who are sympathetic to this line of thinking. They want to navigate in a direction towards this, but there's expectation from their congregation that it needs to look a certain way. Yeah, there's expectations from the denomination, if they're part of a denominational network, there's expectations from the attendees, from the congregants, like, is this, does this literally become a very difficult decision, a very difficult conversation, a potentially very difficult conversation with a potential endpoint of laying down your role, if this is important enough to you,

Kevin David Kridner  43:39
yeah, yeah. I have a friend lives on the East Coast, and pastor. He's his wife, led a church. They had taken over a church, and they wanted to have it go in a certain direction, and they fought for years and years and years and all sorts of pushback. And finally, we just had to walk away. Had to walk away. And you know, aside from the glory to glory type of narratives we tell, like he's in his 50s, and he walked away from a steady job with a paycheck, and, you know, being able to provide for his family, and they wanted to start a network of home churches, and, you know, get that going, and that kind of thing. And then reality hit, and the mortgage came to and kids need to eat, and that kind of stuff. He's working at FedEx early in the morning, just moving boxes, just trying to put stuff together. Is his wife got a job as, you know, administrative assistant, and that was two years ago, and they're still in that place. Yeah. Yeah, and I'm not saying they made the right decision. I'm saying the wrong decision. I'm just saying, like, if you make the choice that I feel, this is where God's leading, I'm going to go in this direction.

Kevin David Kridner  45:18
Reminds me of Paul in First Corinthians four is talking about to the church of Corinth. He's like, you know, you guys are, you guys are celebrating. You guys are are wise. You guys are all these kind of things. Like, I'm homeless, I live in rags, I'm constantly beaten, I'm thirsty, I'm hungry, I'm like, all these kinds of things. This is what it means to be a disciple of Jesus, and I think that couple is experiencing the reality of what it means to be a disciple of Jesus in this world. And most of us will not make that decision. We'll choose the safer path, even in a situation where we're absolutely miserable and everything inside us is telling us, spiritually, emotionally, physically, everything's breaking down. We'll still say, but this is safer. It's kind of like that the the Stockholm Syndrome you just start to become enamored with you know your your captor, because I don't know anything outside of that reality. And I'm not saying the church is a capture, and I'm not saying any of that. I'm not making that statement. I'm just talking as on a human level, we can get in situations where the fear of stepping out is so much greater than the pain of staying in. So we stay in.

Matthias Miller  46:51
Well, it's, I mean, it's, it's not, we're not pointing it. I mean, ultimately, we're not putting in the church. We're putting it anything that holds us captive. I think one of the things that I find really fascinating about what you're saying is, I think about Paul's words, Paul's instruction was, or Paul's personal opinion. Let's say like that. His personal opinion was, I'm going to work hard so I'm not a burden to anybody. And I'm I think it's better not to get married so that you can effectively reading between the lines, so that you can suffer without dragging other people through the choices that you make that demand suffering on your life. And so marriage ends up being but you know, it's, there's two sides to the coin. First of all, it's a it can be. It is an incredible picture of what union can. Can is between two individuals, between two people and and on the on the other hand, there's also this, like it can make it doubly and triply difficult to it can double or triple the fear, I suppose, of making decisions when you feel God leading in a different direction. And there's also plenty of people on the flip side. I've heard many stories of people where somebody just, you know, some, some man jumps up one day and says, Well, here's what God told me to do. And the wife is over here screaming, bloody murder. And it's like, Are you pretty sure? Like, was that just, are you sure that was actually, like, did you actually work it out? Or is this just a desperate move to get away from something that, and again, not saying that it's not in every case, it's not it's board. Have you walked through that?

Kevin David Kridner  48:55
Well, think about the subtlety and the nuance contained in that example you just came on a very on a black and white level, we can look at this guy made this decision. She's tied to him. She has to go wherever it is that he leads. Okay. Now, can anybody look at him and say, God, didn't tell you that. I objectively. Can you factually look at it and say, God didn't tell you that? Now, there are some, some black and whites of you know that that contradicts Scripture, and you know, if you're in that area, okay, but in most of these situations are not like that. So what if the let's just play a hypothetical here. What if the guy truly did hear from God, and he is moving in that direction? Mm. And his partner, his wife, is afraid of what that jump forward looks like. Could she be resisting because of the fear of what that situation looks like? Is that a subtlety that be could be included in that situation? Absolutely right? Could it be, you know, hypothetically, could it be that this guy has this vision or this fantasy in his mind of this is what life is supposed to look like, and that's the only thing that drives him. And he's making a decision based on his fantastic, fantastical representation of what it is and he's putting God's name on it.

Matthias Miller  50:44
Is that a possibility within the realm of possibility? For sure, within

Kevin David Kridner  50:48
possibility. So how do you as an objective observer, look at that situation and discern, Oh, it's this or it's that?

Matthias Miller  50:57
Well, let me add scenario three. Is it possible that God gives the husband one puzzle piece and gives the wife the other puzzle piece? And it's up to them to figure out how to get these puzzle pieces to work together, whether it's timing, whether it's like, like twist the Rubik's Cube, somehow so that collectively, collaboratively, together with people that you have around you, you can discern what the will of God actually is. It's option three, right,

Kevin David Kridner  51:30
right, and how, how do you do that, other than long conversations over many, many seasons of this is, this is the direction and being open to what's playing out in front of you. I remember I had a boss a number of years ago, and he used to make this statement, and I was always fascinated by like, how he made decisions. He's probably the best administrator I've ever worked under and within, you know, Christian school environment. And I remember asking him, how do you make this decision? And he made it really simply said, I have a feeling I talk to people about it. I see which doors God opens, and the doors he opens I walk through and the doors he doesn't open. I don't completely negate. I just say, right now this is not the door to walk through. I always respected that because it was a very thoughtful approach to to making decisions, and what if you have a decision like that within that couple of like, you know, husband says, We're selling everything, we're moving to Africa, we're going to be missionaries. And the wife is like, hold up, no. Well at that point, it's like, you don't get to make that decision. That has to be a we decision, that has to be a union decision, until everybody is on board with the direction that we're going. If the door opens up, we walk through it. If the door isn't doesn't mean that it'll never open up. It just means that this is not the time for that door to open up, and it may never open up. It's a it says to me, it's a real sense of humility.

Matthias Miller  53:31
Well, it but it's a direct affront to this kind of weird paranoia that sometimes shows up of like God's God gives some kind of direction, and it has to happen yesterday, and and if I don't do it now, like there's this small sliver of time because, because he spoke, or I felt like he spoke, or I feel like he's leading this way, like it has to happen immediately. He wouldn't show it before it's time. And that, that's a weird desperation that really,

Kevin David Kridner  54:01
like, look at Abraham. You'll be the father of a great nation. Awesome. Did that happen right then and there?

Unknown Speaker  54:13
Did the children of Israel start sprouting out of the ground?

Matthias Miller  54:17
Well, look at the consequences of his decision not to wait. And look at the consequences of Moses decision not to wait. Like, let me, let me go. Take this into my own hands. And sometimes it's almost like, maybe God does this intentionally in hopes that we'll learn. Like, okay, here's the thing. And we're like, let's go do the thing. Do the thing. I mean, all right, Candice story, we have this own kind of example of this podcast. I was like, I had these great ideas of where this thing was going to go, and this was, yeah, six months before this whole thing started, or whatever it was, you and I both know how that ended. You know, like, I think

Speaker 1  54:55
there's some hard to get between the beginning and now, yeah, and. Um,

Matthias Miller  55:01
but I think, I think it's helpful that, if you understand that God's interested in our formation and our development, it makes sense that he would give us something that we would want to race towards in whatever capacity and say, No, but I don't actually want to. It's not worth it. Maybe this is part of it. It's not worth it for you to do my will, but lose union with Me. And so I will intentionally, I'll give you this, but I'm going to stay here. It's kind of like the cloud, like, here's the Promised Land, here's the cloud. Promise Land, cloud. Where are you going to? I want to go to the promise but where's the cloud? I'm going to come back to the cloud. Stay with the cloud. Alright, you showed me this, but I'm not going to leave you, because you are what matters. You matter more than whatever this mission is that we're on to accomplish, and whatever, whatever the thing ends up being,

Kevin David Kridner  55:56
right, right? It's such a powerful analogy. The the promise line, the problem, says, I will deliver you from Egypt, awesome, okay, and I will give you this land. Awesome, okay, 40 years later.

Unknown Speaker  56:14
40 years later,

Kevin David Kridner  56:17
I was talking to some friends last night, and they've been in the season. I mean, you talk about physical, emotional, spiritual, just laying bare, just dripping down like they are just naked in front of the world right now. He is incredibly talented photographer, and she has felt God's call on doing a specific type of photography, and it's been years in the making, and she's tried, and it hasn't gone, taken off into all that kind of stuff, frustrated beyond belief, God led her to quit her job and to focus full time on this. And, you know, it's been, you know, a year, you know, nine months, a year, whatever. And, and, okay, God, like you led me here, and what's going to happen on the same, same level, He's a talented musician, songwriter, performer, has been very involved in the church worship scene, and, you know, like worship leading and all that kind of stuff. And he's wanted to write and and to create music, and he has, on numerous occasions, but like, never fully given himself to it. And just recently, he played a show with with a very famous musician, and he had a panic attack while he was on stage, you know, with this very famous musician. And he suffered from panic attacks for a long time, and he pushed through it and just kept playing and, you know, and it was such a refining experience for him. And like, as we were talking, I was like, Man, this sounds like, this sounds like the journey of Jacob throughout Scripture. You know, we all know the story of Jacob and who he was in the manipulation. And you know the taught by his mother, who probably is where he got the manipulation from. And all that kind of stuff. And then he has this moment in the desert where he's has to wrestle with God. He's like, I'm not going anywhere. You're you, I'm you're you. Will bless me here. And he wrestles with him throughout the night. I wonder if that's just like big picture, what a lot of our journeys look like, like, the promise, of course, but then the process to get there, and I wonder if we avoid the we we chase after that, which is nurse to have to avoid the pain of wrestling with these things, the refinement, the development, the pain that happens, the walking away with a limp, we avoid that, and so we never actually step into the promised land. But these two are starting to step into that space that they've always wanted to be in, and it has nothing to do with money. It has nothing to do with position or power. It has everything to do with what God has put on their hearts and what he's leading them to do. And they've been through it. They've been through the meat grinder, and they're starting to see some some traction on it. And, you know, like, same thing, same thing here, like, for years, and you know this, we've talked about this and private conversations. Like, I've wanted to do something like this for years, for decades. I wanted to be able to write and publish and talk about these things, you know, and and it would just. Felt like decades and decades in the desert and having to learn lessons and so many times avoiding the lessons and numbing them with overworking or with money or with relationships or whatever the case may be, to avoid dealing with the hard reality that is here and now. And I just wonder if we miss out on that, because we miss out on the blessing, because we avoid the refining that would prepare us to actually receive and utilize the blessing in a way that is beneficial, not only for ourselves, but for everybody around us.

Matthias Miller  1:00:43
I think that's, it's, it's very intriguing to me. We've had many conversations touched on the topic of comfort in the how the it's called the doctrine of comfort, how it's impacted us. I think it's really unfair for to tell people that if you are blessed, I mean, it's almost like, if God blesses you with a vision, a vision, he's going to bless you with the adversity that you need to refine you into the type of person to become, that it's like. And so the very person who is most blessed might actually be the person who's going through the most adversity at any given moment. And that's completely not. I mean, that's so far from our framework that many of us have from the version of Christianity that many of us have been exposed to.

Kevin David Kridner  1:01:28
Yeah, well, it's like that. You know the scene in John where Jesus and disciples are walking down the path and they see the man who was born blind. His disciples say, like who sent him or his parents? And to me, it's almost like Jesus is apoplectic. Like, why would you even ask that?

Speaker 1  1:01:48
Like, I know there's an idea that there's no such thing as a dumb question. That's a dumb question.

Kevin David Kridner  1:01:58
And in the reality is, is he's like, No, this is an opportunity for God to show you who he is, and in that, that refining season in the suffering in the desert like this is an opportunity for you to know who God is and how he feels about you and how he feels about his children. Like this is an opportunity, but if things aren't going well, like, Job's friends, you had to have done something, right? You know? Oh, man, it's fascinating. It's just absolutely fascinating, how what we can do and and where we've taken scripture, and Taylor made it to confirm our bias, you know, to cherry pick certain things like that's often what? What the The accusation that comes at anybody who steps outside of the norm and starts talking about something, oh, you're cherry picking scripture and and creating this universe of maybe, maybe true to a certain extent. But do you think I'm the only one doing that?

Matthias Miller  1:03:12
Stop,

Kevin David Kridner  1:03:19
and could we have a conversation about, if you truly were thinking that I was doing them? Then it would be, according to Matthew 18, it would be a one on one conversation. This is what I'm seeing, and I'm interested about this. I'm concerned. What are your thoughts? Thank you for asking, this is what I've been thinking. This is where I've been going. This is what my experience tells me I'm open to a conversation. But how often does it happen that way? We just throw out the term heretic,

Matthias Miller  1:03:59
because the pain of leaning into a conversation with a brother or sister about these types of things is something that is ours, but we would prefer, no matter what side of the table we're on, we would prefer not to own right,

Kevin David Kridner  1:04:19
right and Going back to that whole circle versus a lecture like in the circle. Hey, I've noticed Matthias that you that you have this bent towards prophecy or whatever, and I don't know, I'm not in your head. I'm not experiencing what you're experiencing. What are you experiencing? And then you got this, this gathering of people around you, a small gathering and and like, Hey, what are you experiencing? Oh, well, I heard this, and I saw this, and I saw this, and then I have questions about that. You know, where, where is this? Grounded in Scripture, where is this? You know in your experience, like I want to know more about where you're at and that wonderful, awesome all day long, no problem. But the thing that strikes me about Matthew 18, at least, in the midst of this conversation, is Jesus seems to be saying, intentionally, keep the circle small, one on one, then bring a few others, then bring elders into it. But let's keep it small, but in our so that so that there can be a knowing and being known. But in our world, we want to shout this from like rooftops. We want to we want to characterize this situation as horrible, or, you know, heresy, or whatever the case may be. If there was that situation with Rob Bell, you know what? Early 2000s where he wrote the book, Love wins, yep. And I listened to it multiple times, read it multiple times, and I remember seeing a quote, I think it was from John Piper, and it was on social media, and all it said was rip Rob Bell. He pronounced Rob Bell's spiritual death on social media. Now, years later, I was at a event where he was where Rob was speaking, and somebody asked him about that because I was wondering, like, had he had a conversation with you? And Rob was like, no, no conversation that just came up. And there was the whole thing with, what's the guy from Mars Hill? Driscoll, Mark Driscoll. He wanted to debate Rob Bell. And Driscoll is very, very manly, very authoritative, very up for the fight, you know, kind of thing. And somebody asked him about about that. Like, would you? Would you debate him? And Rob Bill's like, Why? Why would I do that? Because knives are going to come out and there's no there's no knowing and being known there. There's no seek to understand. There's no Where are you coming from. It's simply just right versus wrong in Domination. He's like, I'm not interested in that conversation. I'm not interested in that at all, and I'm not here saying that I agree with Rob on everything that he's ever said, but I think that is a very curious mind who's not afraid to ask questions, and I appreciate his viewpoint on a lot of things. But in the circle, we can have that conversation with a platform and an audience. You have to you are you are responsible for those people's viewpoints and thoughts, right? You're the shepherd that's leading them that is more pressure than anyone human being can take talk about risky behaviors, yes, and a snarky comment. On top of that, those people sitting in that audience who have made themselves submitted to this person. Don't they have a responsibility for their own thoughts and feelings, for their own opinions, or are they just sheep? Come on, take some responsibility.

Matthias Miller  1:09:05
I mean, goodness, the prop the process of growth and maturity, I'm reflecting on my I've had new new insight and appreciation for my parents in my teenage years, and it's like instilling responsibility first of all in yourself, like recognizing places where you're like, I'm not really owning this. Yeah, others learning, helping you instill that in your kids. That's, that's, um, I'm fascinated by this idea of the size of the circle, because,

Matthias Miller  1:09:48
I mean, typically, typically, the bigger the circle, the more likely for stones to be thrown, thrown in people to be crucified, like Jesus, the smallest circles. Around Jesus were the ones with the most curious conversations generally. This is broadly speaking, and this is not data science here, and when you look at the crowd, the crowd turned into a mob and had Him crucified,

Kevin David Kridner  1:10:17
right? Either wanted to elevate him to King, because that you have that crowd as well. Who wants to make him king or crucified? Look at the extremity of those responses.

Matthias Miller  1:10:28
But neither of those were centered around knowing it was it was you have something to we have both of those. We have either something to gain or to lose, or both from from who you are. We will gain political freedom. If you become king, we will live a more peaceful, comfortable life. We will whatever, or if we get rid of you, we will have a more peaceful life like you'll finally be gone and stop creating this ruckus, right?

Kevin David Kridner  1:10:57
It's always been fascinating to me in my adult life, why anybody would choose to be in that position, like why It blows my mind that anybody would run for president. It absolutely blows my mind, especially in our current, you know, milieu, however you say that, like, why would you want that? Imagine the level of narcissism you have to have just to sit in that office and have that job. Because you know, beyond a shadow of a doubt, every second of every day, somebody is going to be pulling you apart and criticizing you. Somebody who doesn't know you, who's never had a conversation with you, is going to be pulling you apart, and you have to still be able to function in the midst of that betrayal.

Matthias Miller  1:11:56
So is there not a world? Do you not see a world in which somebody has such a deeply felt mission.

Kevin David Kridner  1:12:04
Oh, yeah. Oh, I do, but those people get crucified. So you truly, you truly are rooted in in the love of God, in the presence of God, and in submitted to where he is leading you and guiding you, you're going to make a lot of enemies, and you're going to end up crucified. Why? Yeah, if God calls you there, please go there. Do that, obviously, but don't go looking for it. Don't go looking for it. Somebody who wants the job, who wants to be the head pastor, who wants to be the president, who wants to be the CEO. I'm leery of that person, the person who's thrust into that position. Okay, guess you're probably going to get

Matthias Miller  1:13:10
crucified. So can we this? This is, this is utterly fascinating to me, because isn't it possible that there's multiple motivations for wanting it? Oh, yeah, of course. Like, there could be a motivation, like, I want to be okay, so I might want this because of power, of prestige, of what people think of me. I might want this because it's only once I'm in the position, in this position, that I can actually shift the culture of this organization, and I have this vision for how the this could be improved, is there is, is there a would you nuance your perspective around the motivation towards wanting to become that, or would you leave it as a blanket statement? Are you

Unknown Speaker  1:14:05
trying to pull me back from the edge?

Matthias Miller  1:14:07
I'm genuinely well, okay, maybe I don't know. I don't know myself well enough to know whether I have an agenda here, like I'm genuinely curious.

Kevin David Kridner  1:14:15
No, I think that there's a nuance to it. So many times, if you've studied history, you've studied human nature, like, there are people who are just thrust into positions and they do the best they can with what they have. And sometimes that turns out, well, sometimes it doesn't, yeah, there's nuance and motivation. None of our motivations are absolutely pure, like, that's just what it means to be a human being, right? There's subtlety in it. So I guess my thing is, is you could start with the pure motive. Mm. And there's a corrupting effect that power has. We've seen it over and over and over again. That's why our government was designed to be a certain way. Is to it acknowledges, you know, Alexander Hamilton said, If men were angels, no government would be necessary like there when you get power, when you get influence, when you get enough people saying you're great or you're horrible, it has a corrupting effect on our souls. And so do those motivations shift over time? You could start out with a pure motive, and through a process, it could be come in pure

Matthias Miller  1:15:42
Isn't that true, even for somebody for whom leadership is thrust upon them, of course, so So is, is there any I mean, and I think we even see That man, my mind's blanking like, Oh, this is terrible. This is a massive blunder in in in biblical history, but the king who was hiding among the luggage,

Kevin David Kridner  1:16:14
yes, yes, yes, yes,

Unknown Speaker  1:16:17
we're both having a blunder here.

Matthias Miller  1:16:19
Was it? Was it Saul? I don't think so. Was it this is,

Unknown Speaker  1:16:30
look at look it up.

Kevin David Kridner  1:16:33
I think about like you're talking about the, you know, even those who were called to that place, like, is there a corrupting influence? I think of George Washington, who never wanted to be president. He just wanted to go back home and farm, but he accepted it because the people wanted him to. And even in the midst of that, he got wrapped up in John Adams versus Thomas Jefferson, Federalist versus, you know, Democrat, you know, all that kind of stuff. He got wrapped up in that and sided with John Adams on that, and history looks back and says it probably wasn't the best idea, but like, he had pure motives. He didn't want to serve, but he did it for the good of the nation, and he limited himself. He's like, I'm doing this for eight years, then I'm going back to my farm, you know, kind of thing, like even so to your point, like even somebody who has a stated pure motive can get wrapped up in the power dynamics of of the the Group of the mob.

Matthias Miller  1:17:36
So it was Saul and I wouldn't say that. I wouldn't say that. Sorry. His motives certainly either weren't pure to begin with or got distorted along the way, like he had some fairly serious leadership errors in his lifetime.

Kevin David Kridner  1:18:05
So did David, so did David,

Matthias Miller  1:18:11
but so, but people often point to David as the guy who recall kept recalibrating his leadership desires, back to back to what God wanted, even if, even despite his failures, and is there, is there a world in which is there a world in which there's some level of sacrifice for the greater good? That's appropriate? I know this is a kind of a crazy question, but I know that I'm I'm walking a tightrope, and I know that I'm I'm at risk of my my motives, being distorted and corrupted because of I'm going to call him the mob, because why not. And but I'm willing to do this because this is such, this is of such value to the people I'm willing to run that risk. So first of all, is there a trade off that's ever appropriate? And then, second of all, is there a world? Is there a way in which to structure leadership, to avoid the power dynamic and to avoid the mob, or does it literally mean just fly under the radar? Or does this mean that all good people hide themselves and we leave the world to be run by narcissists? Right?

Kevin David Kridner  1:19:35
Conclusion of my definitive statement, like it really is like we just, we'd go about it, do our things quietly, and live as godly lives we possibly can and leave the world the narcissist. No, that can't be the way that God wants it. But I think that the structure of leadership like looks like in First Samuel, you know, the people cry out for a king because all the kind. Years around them want a king, and Samuel's like God, like I was set as as a leader here. I'm the Prophet, I'm the judge, I'm, you know, whatever they're and God goes, they're not rejecting you. They're rejecting me. They want a king. Give them a king. But here's what it's going to look like. They're going to take your children from you. They're going to take half of your your earning, like, all the things that he gives. He's like, that's what it looks like. That's what it looks like. The way that it is designed is to have a head who is directly connected to God, who God has chosen and and for that to be, be the government style, that's how it should be, but it's not going to be that, because We want power and control to soothe our insecurities, right? And that's why I say like, somebody like Samuel, like and she look at that dude's life, you know? And God, just takes care of his education, step by step, by step by step. And then he's this older man, and he's this adviser, and he's kind of been put out to pasture because the people want a king, but the King still needs this direct connection to God, and the breakdown is in between that relationship between the king and the Prophet, because the king has to submit himself to the prophet, and at certain point, enough power, enough wealth, enough armies, enough whatever the king's going to think, well, I don't need to necessarily submit to this guy. He starts to get a God like complex. And then you see that in the Acts of Saul, he gets this god like complex. And then towards the end, when he's really freaked out when he's felt the culmination of his choices and the consequences that have come up. He goes to see the medium and indoor under disguise. Tell me what to do. I can't see Samuel and God's not talking to me. Tell me what to do. How different is that than than you know, our presidents going to certain people who know whether it's business or it's, you know, whatever the case may be, okay, I'm disconnected from you God, so I need this person's opinion. I just think it's just with too much power, you start to develop a small g complex. And there's, there's never been a time in history where that has turned out well,

Matthias Miller  1:22:54
it seems like there's a way in theory. I know we got to wrap this up here, but it seems like there could, there should be a way, in some capacity, to move a group of empowered people in a collective direction without placing disproportionate power into a single individual's hands such that it corrupts them. I think it probably means like a flatter organization than most. It probably means a more collaborative culture than most. It probably means some some limitations, perhaps on on compensation in some capacity. And it means some intentional decision making, intentional culture building around that. And it doesn't make it foolproof, but I am very curious what the practical outworking of that might might actually look like.

Kevin David Kridner  1:23:54
And I think, and this is my experience, my context, my bias, of course, I think it looks more like a circle than a organizational tree. I think it looks more like a circle

Matthias Miller  1:24:16
that's absolutely fascinating. All right, well, next time, sometime, I would love a conversation on, how do you actually push getting a call? And it's not supposed to how. I don't know if you can hear that or not, but I can this. Is like what to do in a podcast, case study thing. All right, it's done with your what does this look like? What does what do circles look like within an organization? It, because I think we're touching on something that's really powerful in a church context, at least from a from a sitting around the table, but not but that's just church from doing life as believers, but, but where's but? What about church as the organization? What about businesses? What about other cities, other types of places where people gather together to do things. So, yeah,

Kevin David Kridner  1:25:28
yeah, no, I think that's a powerful conversation to have.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:33
Good, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:25:36
All right. Well, any last thoughts to close this out? Kevin,

Unknown Speaker  1:25:42
no, thank you for the curious conversation.

Matthias Miller  1:25:45
Absolutely my pleasure. Thank you to you, and for those of you guys listening, feel free to subscribe and all the platforms. You can find them on puppet the desert.com, and pick your favorite platform. Subscribe, leave a comment. We would love to hear from you, and until next time

Kevin David Kridner  1:26:03
see you, then see you, then bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai