Speaker 1  00:01
Okay, can I thought I would just go ahead and dictate that part of the conversation about specie if you didn't already have it. So there's two main parts, detailed screens and reports. So on detail screens, one of the big questions is what fields need to be on the detailed stream. And this includes basically field name.

Unknown Speaker  00:24
And then it's field type, which is

Speaker 1  00:27
it could be a checkbox, it could be a number, a date, a text field, or a memo field. And I've always what we refer to as the Rich Text Format format a text, if it is a,

Unknown Speaker  00:45
if it's a number field, how many decimals should it have,

Speaker 1  00:49
if it's a Oh, another option is a drop list, which we call list fields. And if it's a list field, than it should be a list of what. And it could be a list of other records, it could be a list of

Speaker 1  01:06
what we call investor tools defined, but investor tool zone, but basically a hard coded listing that the user cannot change. Or it could be a user defined list, which means that the user can specify can add, you know, add options to it, etc.

Speaker 1  01:25
And then for each field, there's some information that we need to include,

Unknown Speaker  01:30
such as is this field required, and under what circumstances is always required is required is required conditional based on something else,

Unknown Speaker  01:41
there's a question of what kind of validation we need for that. And so this basically means what are the error messages that we should show. And I think it's really helpful to be able to actually specify the text of the error message just because because English isn't their first language, they can make it put together some error messages, but it's usually not the same quality as what happens with you, and I write it out.

Unknown Speaker  02:05
And then so what's the error message? And and what conditions should should you show that error message?

Speaker 1  02:12
There's, if you if you back up a little level, there's other things too, like, typically, we divide these intersections, and so what sections are there? And yet all of that,

Unknown Speaker  02:28
going back to the fields for each of the fields? What,

Speaker 1  02:33
when should it be visible, isn't always visible? What should it be editable? So do we want to read only sometimes based on another, you know, another checkbox and controls it or, or user permissions or something like that.

Speaker 1  02:47
So that's for normal fields. And then we have the issue of repeating groups, which we also call RGS

Speaker 1  02:56
so in those, you know, what, what, what's the, what's the main field, there's two types of our Geez, what the data RG, which means that it's primarily date information,

Unknown Speaker  03:08
which means and it's also automatically sorted by date.

Speaker 1  03:13
The other one is just the standard RG and for the RG, then you need to know, you know, what are the

Speaker 1  03:22
they may want to know, kind of like a field prefix that you could use for all the items, the RG, but but then obviously in the energy you need to know, what are the columns within the rG? And then there's a couple of major RG settings. One is should the RG should they be able to add rose reboot rose all the time? Or does conditionally enabled?

Unknown Speaker  03:45
Are each of those fields editable

Unknown Speaker  03:51
and should it be

Speaker 1  03:55
should it be a embedded RG which means that it's in line or should it be behind a button typically will have it be embedded. But there are times when you want to have it be a

Speaker 1  04:09
you're going to want to use RG button instead so that you can pop it up. So that's most of what it is for fields reports, I mean, you may also have typically links will put down at the bottom. So like will have a report section or something with

Unknown Speaker  04:25
that will have the modification history.

Speaker 1  04:28
But then if you have a sent email, like sometimes it'll be a top sometimes will be down there, you have reports that connected to other parts of the database

Speaker 1  04:38
that will be done at the bottom. So that's it for details screens, then as far as the reports go,

Speaker 1  04:46
oh, on detail screens as well. Well, then we'll get to that. And then our reports, you're going to want to know, you know, what's the report name, and, and so the, I think it's usually helpful to have a file name. So typically, you know, for each record type will have something like, you know, in

Unknown Speaker  05:08
will have distributions. And then and then the report file name is gonna be something like we have a standard prefix STD standard prefix, but it'll be standard

Unknown Speaker  05:18
this to distributions, you know, by school or something, if it's, if it's something that filters by school.

Unknown Speaker  05:28
So there's a file name, and we want to, I think we, we may want to typically help them with the file name, just so that we can categorize and group them better. I like having the that type the beginning. If you prefer, we can also probably write this up as kind of a guideline for them, and just let them know what the file name is. So then the information that they need is,

Speaker 1  05:51
is first of all, what level is this reporting? on? What record type is the reporting on? What records should include? So should include everything should be filtered down by some kind of subset?

Unknown Speaker  06:03
What kind of columns should you show? And then

Speaker 1  06:09
let's see, what else? How do you want them route? Do you want any groupings included? And

Speaker 1  06:17
see what sort order? And and so what numbers are what what information in what order? Or like, what, what, which conference? Which comes second? Which third?

Unknown Speaker  06:32
Should any of those be reverse order to the entire report? The reverse order?

Unknown Speaker  06:37
Should the groupings be reversed? sorted?

Speaker 1  06:41
What's the grouping? What what what do you actually grew up by? What's the value that that you grew up by? And what what do you actually show as the text when you grew by what you does the report have any problems? And if so, what are the prompts and, you know, each problem could be once again, a number of checkbox list. If it's a list should be a list of what

Speaker 1  07:11
it's basically it could be a date as well. And then, you know, are those prompts us to filter know what records are included? That's the most common one. But it could also be used to control how groupings are done.

Unknown Speaker  07:26
And then the next question is

Unknown Speaker  07:29
sorry, I really have the next question is,

Speaker 1  07:33
how should that report be accessed? Should it be accessible from another detailed screen? And should it or should it be accessed from the menu page? As far as many pages go, you're going to want to be able to specify groups and what's the tax that you want for that menu item?

Speaker 1  07:50
And then in addition, it's report has prompts should always show those prompts, or should it default, those prompts say, when you're running it from the menu page, and

Unknown Speaker  08:04
yeah, etc.

Speaker 1  08:08
The same with. Okay, so in on the prompts, you can specify default values for any of the prompts. So should any of the prompts be defaulted?

Speaker 1  08:16
You know, different from blank or unchecked? And if so, what should those defaults be? And then in addition, even all the details streets, are there any of those fields that should be defaulted one way or the other? And if so, what should those default values be

Speaker 1  08:32
something else to go back to detail screen, something else you might want to consider is that you may want to think about

Speaker 1  08:40
on the details screen is their overall record validation, that doesn't necessarily apply to any given single field. But it is a validation that we want in connection to other records.

Unknown Speaker  08:58
And

Speaker 1  09:02
okay, one thing that I probably should have actually specified at the very beginning, before we even got into all of this stuff, is the question of record types. So there are basically two types of record types that you're going to that you may end up using a system what is called a lookup type. And one is called a custom DB level. And the most important thing that you need to know is that look at types are used when you want to reference the record typically used when you want to reference a record in a list. So let's say that you have,

Speaker 1  09:41
like, a good example is on on an incident, there is a contact and there's an organization and those are records. And the nice thing about having those be lookup records is it makes it really easy for us to Add list fields that reference contacts and organizations.

Speaker 1  10:04
So one of the important things when you're, when you're telling them to set up a, you know, when they set up look up type, they need to know how the ID is generated. So is it auto number of an example of that would be

Speaker 1  10:19
the, the incident record has an auto number field. And, and so that's, you know, it's obviously useful for those kinds of things on a contact or organization record, that ID is actually generated based off of other fields, such as

Unknown Speaker  10:39
contact name,

Speaker 1  10:42
your first name, last name, etc, all the organization that works much the same way, except there, you can say something else.

Speaker 1  10:51
So how did that defines how it shows up in plus boxes, and then you can't have any duplicates of those. So if you have john smith, and john smith, they need to have like a john are Smith and john smith, or, or you need to override the contact means that anything, whatever

Unknown Speaker  11:14
the other one is a

Unknown Speaker  11:18
let's see, the other one is a custom DB level.

Unknown Speaker  11:21
Now, if we would have wanted to, I think incidents really could have been implemented as a custom DB level.

Unknown Speaker  11:28
But and I think, you know, pipelines and metrics, and some of those actually could have been,

Unknown Speaker  11:35
and those are, those are

Unknown Speaker  11:39
typically if you if you don't want to reference them in a list, then those are great ones to us.

Unknown Speaker  11:46
So in the well, yeah. And then those are just those are actually automatically auto numbered. So you don't have to specify any kind of information about our

Unknown Speaker  11:55
numbering

Speaker 1  11:57
if you want, like, let's say you wanted the incidence to be a custom DB level that you would you would say

Speaker 1  12:07
it would auto number, and then you might have an ID field that has the i n 001

Speaker 1  12:14
ID that is tied to, you know, that is auto generated from the

Unknown Speaker  12:22
from the

Unknown Speaker  12:26
sorry, from from the auto number.

Unknown Speaker  12:29
So that's that and I think if there's anything else on that

Unknown Speaker  12:34
there may also be on detailed screen sometimes you're gonna want to have

Unknown Speaker  12:39
Oh, yeah, here's a good one. Something else in detail screens? If you change this field, then should this field be auto formatted and if so, how should it be auto formatted and if this field changes, is there any other field on the details screen that needs to change

Unknown Speaker  12:59
and I think that's gonna get you like 95% of the cases cases of that

Unknown Speaker  13:06
anyway, wanted to put this into a note for you and I hope it helps.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai