Speaker 1  00:00
When a prospect answers your cold call, they're secretly asking themselves three questions. The first question is, should I pay attention? If the answer to that question is yes, you get to go to the second question, which is, is this interesting? If the answer to that question is yes, you get to go to the final third question, which is, should I invest my time if at any point the answer to those questions is no, the call ends. I want to save that first question. Should I pay attention for a later module in this module, I want to talk about that second question. Is this interesting? If we want to get a yes to that question, we have to know what prospects find interesting. To do that, I want to tell you two stories. Each story is two minutes. They're both true, and your job is to tell me what both of these stories have in common. Here's Story number one, I love to wash my car. I wash my car like most people do with a sponge and a bucket. I've got no problems. Sponge is getting the job done. Suds are getting the job done. Buckets getting the job done. I'm not looking for another sponge. I'm not looking for another bucket. One day, I get a message from Adams Car Wash Supply Company, and it says this, how do you know your wash mitt isn't scratching your car? That question made me stop for a second and scratch my head and think, Hmm, I'm not sure. It turns out that if you wash your car with a normal sponge, dirt can get trapped into the sponge, and then when you wash your car on the hood, you get these swirl marks, especially if you have dark colored paint, and if you're a car nut like me, those scratches are a big problem because you can't just buff them out. You got to go to the body shop, and that's 800 bucks. Not to mention, when you sell the car, they run a paint thin meter over it. They can tell the hood's been resprayed and your car is worth less money. Adam sells this thing. It's a grit guard. It goes on the bottom of the bucket, and what it allows you to do is rub your sponge on the grate. And when you do that, the dirt settles to the bottom of the bucket and off your car so you never scratch it again. And I bought it. That's Story number one, let's look at Story number two. Several years ago, I'm in the mall with my wife, and I did not need anything. I was just there keeping her company. We were going to get dinner afterwards to kill some time, I walked into a fit to run store. If the sales associate said, what brings you in today? I would have said nothing. If she said, Can I help you? I would have said, No, I'm just looking but she didn't do any of those things. Instead, she looked down at my sneakers. She said, Are you a runner? I said, Yes. She said, What distance? I said, I'm training for a marathon. And she said, Have you ever had a running gait test? And I scratched my head, and I said, What do you mean? And moments later, I'm on a treadmill in the store being videotaped. She freezes the frame, and she zooms in on my ankles, and she said, Did you know that your ankles are over pronating when you run? And I said, Yeah, I could see that. But so what she goes the problem is, if you run in sneakers that are not made for pronated feet, you can get injured on long distance runs. You can get shin splints, knee splints, and ultimately, you can get sidelined for your marathon, if you'd like. I could check your sneakers to see if they're made for pronated feet, and about six minutes later, I'm spending $170 on new sneakers and insoles. The question is this, what do those two stories have in common? I'll give you a second to think about that. Neither of those sales people asked me about problems. What did they do? They actually shined a light on a problem that I didn't know about that could hurt me in the running example. The problem was that I was running in sneakers that are not made for pronated feet. Well, what happens if you keep doing that? If I kept running in my sneakers. The implication of that is I could get runner's knee and shin splints and ultimately get sidelined. All problems have implications. I call it twisting the knife. What terrible. No good. Very bad thing happens if your prospect does nothing in the car, example, it. If I did nothing, I increase my risk of getting swirl marks on my car. That's a problem. What's the implication of it? 800 bucks and my car is worth less money when I sell it? I call this the before story. So if we look at the marathon example, we have a person that's a marathon runner. You have a person too. They have a title. The person is trying to get a job done. The job is never going to change your prospects. Job is never going to change. How they get the job done is always going to change. So in the running example, my current way of getting the job done is I'm running in Brooks GTS eights or a similar sneaker. Well, if I kept doing that, what's the problem? The problem is they're not made for pronated feet. Well, so what if I run in sneakers that are not made for pronated feet? What happens? Well, the implication of that, the terrible, no good, very bad thing is I get runner's knee shin splints, and I can get sidelined from my race. Your job is to figure out what this before story is for a specific group of prospects that you want to reach out to. And there'll be different groups, different stories for different titles, but in order to get the interest of your prospect, you have to know something they don't know that can hurt them. Now, why am I saying hurt them? Am I being a little dramatic? Not exactly. If I were to say to you, let's do a $500 bet. Heads, you win 500 tails, you lose 500 most people don't take that bet because the fear of loss hurts more than the gain. It's called loss aversion. So when possible, we want to shine a light on what prospects stand to lose if they do nothing. We're going to be talking about how to do that specifically in later modules. But right now, we're trying to clarify our story. We have to get visual in our head. We have to see the before story in our head, and we have to feel it. What I mean by feel it is we can't say things like optimize or streamline or increase revenue or save time. Those things are generic. I can't really see them, and they'll get lost. What we have to do is visualize the black and white version of the infomercial. Well, how do we do that? What's the process? Let me show you how this might look for snowflake. How do you find before stories? Well, one way to find them is to go to your webinars or your customer success stories. So I took a look at the snowflake webinars, and I found a story by Jonathan, who is an EA of head of head of analytics at EA and I watched him talk, and when he was talking, he talked about a before story that I could use to really understand how he's getting the job done today and the terrible, no good, very bad thing that happens if he kept doing it the current way. Let's listen to his video.

Speaker 2  07:58
So this is the story of how snowflake has really helped to make my people and my team more efficient, more effective and, frankly, happier in their jobs. And so at the risk of being a little bit self indulgent, I'd like to start this human story with my own story, which is to say that when I first inherited the maxis data team a few years ago, I had grand visions for direction to take the team. And having worked on a data science team myself, and having helped our chief analytics office for craft analytics strategy, I was excited about the prospect of not just growing a robust decision science analytics team, but also building out the capability to develop data products that make our game makers lives easier and our players experience more fun. But I was in for a bit of a rude awakening when I inherited the team. On day one, I inherited a team of very smart bi analysts, but analysts who were spending every day fighting their data infrastructure. What we had was a highly unreliable conglomeration of open source and third party and in house tools which made routine analysis very cumbersome. It made exploratory data analysis painfully slow and at times impossible, and it made analytics, advanced analytics projects like machine learning initiatives just totally non existent. So needless to say, this was not what I envisioned. I had these plans to transform access analytics into a modern data science team, but in reality, we were still struggling with bi 101,

Speaker 1  09:35
did you hear the before story there? It sounded like this. We were using a conglomerate of open source, in house and third party tools that made exploratory analysis painfully slow and impossible. You feel those words painfully slow and impossible. Those are the words you're listening for, because they're visceral, they're emotional. They've. Feel a certain way. Yes, it's a feeling. We're going to basically be using that language in our scripts. Why? Because products have no value without problems. We can shine a light on you've probably had a lot of product training, but not a lot of problem training. So my ask, and your job here is to go deep, so that you can start to visualize the before story, or the black and white version of the infomercial, and plug it in to this framework. You have a person. We're going to pick a persona, just one, one at a time, so a marathon runner, a director of analytics, they have a job to be done. That job is never going to change. Marathon runners are always going to want to run 26.2 miles. There's always going to be a current way they're getting the job done today, running in Brooks, GTS eight, no matter what you sell, people are getting the job done without you. What's the problem if they keep using the Brooks? Well, the problem is they're not made for pronated feet. Well, so what? What happens if I keep running in those sneakers that are not made for pronated feet, called twisting the knife? The implication is, you can get runner's knee shin splints and get sidelined. Your job is to capture that before story. Check out testimonials, check out webinars. You'll know when you've done it correctly, when you can actually see the black and white version of the infomercial and the before story in your head. You should be able to feel it in your gut.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai