Speaker 1  00:00
One of my favorite places to shop is Hugo Boss. Whenever I walk in there, a salesperson always asks me the same question, can I help you? And I always respond the same way. I say, No, thanks. I'm just looking. But that's not true. I didn't wake up and drive 20 minutes to Hugo Boss and fight traffic and park to go just look in the store. I'm there because I have intent to buy something. So why do I tell the salesperson I'm just looking it's because I'm in the zone of resistance. The zone of resistance is a reflex reaction to sales pressure. I know that if I engage with the salesperson, they're going to try to sell me something. They're going to try to toss clothes into the dressing room. So I just say, I'm just looking as a nice way to say, please leave me alone. Why am I talking about this? It's the same way with your prospects. They say things like, send me some information, send me an email. I don't have budget. You call me at the wrong time for the same reasons, they're perhaps trying to get you off the phone too, because they're feeling the pressure. So what you need is an approach to help you lower the resistance so that you can get to the truth behind every objection, which is, is it really a true objection, or is it just a smoke screen to get you off the phone because they're feeling the pressure. That's what I'm going to show you in these modules. We're going to go through some of the top objections that you hear on cold calls, and you're going to learn a different way, a different mindset and some different phraseology to lower resistance so that you can get to more truth. Ultimately, the truth is one of two things, yes, the prospect feels comfortable opening up and sharing more or no, they don't at this time, truth requires understanding. When you make this shift, you'll find that you lower the zone of resistance as well. All right, let's go through some of these objections. Imagine this scenario. You cold call a prospect, they answer the phone, and within the first five seconds of your call, they say, I can't talk right now. I'm on my way to the hospital. How do you respond? Most sales people view this as an objection that they have to overcome, so they say things like this, sorry about that. Do you have 45 seconds for me to tell you why I'm calling and then you can decide if it's okay to call you back? Feel the pressure there. The pressure is the salesperson trying to get what they want, rather than being empathetic to what's going on with the prospect. So if we had this shift, and we detach from the outcome, and we let go of assumptions, and we knew that our purpose isn't to overcome anything, it's just be in the moment and understand what we might say is something very different. We might say something like this, oh my gosh, I'm so sorry. Is everything okay? Because when we view objections as either true or not true, we can make this shift. How do you know when objection is true? Because there's oomph behind it. There's a reason I can't talk right now, no reason might not be true. Could be a brush off. I can't talk right now because I'm on my way to the hospital. That's something specific that is true. And if you treat a truth like an objection, you're going to piss people off. So while you're listening to objections, keep this in mind, is it true or is it not true. If it's true, don't try to overcome it. If it's not true, try to understand it. Chances are, if you've been cold calling for a while, you'll hear a prospect say this, we don't have budgets for new software and tools. Our budgets are frozen for the rest of the year. Most sales people try to overcome this objection by saying things like this, I understand how you feel. Most people don't have budgets when I call, but what they found was we were able to build a business case to justify the ROI. For that reason, let's set up some time to chat on Thursday. Do you have your calendar ready? Feel the pressure there. Whenever prospects feel the pressure, they enter what I call the zone of resistance. The zone of resistance is a reflex reaction to sales pressure. Pressure is perceived as a threat, so it triggers the fight or flight response. It's biological. What's the way out? It requires a two millimeter mindset shift. The shift is simple. Let go of the sale. Shift from persuading to understanding. Once you understand other people's perspectives, they're more open to understanding yours. Here's what understanding sounds like. Prospect says we don't have budget. No new software or tools for the rest of the year. Budgets are frozen. Step number one is you're just going to pause for a couple beats. Pausing is one of the best things you can do to release the pressure from the pressure cooker. It also gives you a rare opportunity to stop and think and process what was said, so you can respond in a calm, thoughtful and smart way. From there, you might say, sounds like budgets are only being used for existing vendors. Chris Voss calls this labeling. What you're doing is you're describing what the prospect is probably thinking. It's a. Great technique to make people feel like you get them to make people feel like you understand them. What you typically hear after you say that is, yeah, that's right. It's not a great time of the year. Budgets are frozen. It's kind of hectic around here. Or they'll correct you and say you're not right, because people love correcting, but they don't like being corrected. From there, you want to reset your intention. Somewhere along the way, you created pressure. You gave the prospect the idea that you're asking for a sale. So we want to release that pressure. Here's what that might sound like. Thanks so much for being transparent about your situation. I am sorry if I came across as trying to persuade you in any way that was not my intention. And just shut your mouth. And what you'll find, and you probably can feel this as you're listening to this video, is the pressure from the pressure cooker just releasing, and the prospect taking, like an emotional breath and saying, Ah, thanks. Thanks for understanding. From there, you can release the pressure to buy now, just let go of it. Here's what that might sound like. Mary, some people who don't have budgets during this time of the year are using this as an opportunity to review what their options are, just so they can stay ahead of the curve for when budgets do free up. These are pressure free. No budget required. Just see what's out there. Educational sessions. Would you be open to that idea over the next couple of weeks? And then just shut your mouth, and you'll find when you let go of the sale and you release the pressure to buy now, more people will lean forward. The big takeaway, don't fight the resistance. Join the Resistance rewire your brain to listen. Prospect says, I'm not interested. This is rarely going to happen when you use the poke the bear cold call method, because the talk track isn't structured in a way where we're pitching. So we're rarely going to hear I'm not interested. But let's say you do hear it. Why do prospects say that? They say it because you're not interesting, or they feel the pressure, or they've been called one too many times by sales people, and they're just closed off to it. It's a knee jerk reaction. So how do you respond? If you get it, you simply pause for a second and you say, I'm so sorry. I know you don't owe me an explanation, but is it because of my timing, or is this just not relevant for you? And you'll notice that if you say that in a calm way, again, not as a way to get a sale or to overcome anything, but just to understand you'll find that a lot of times prospects will open up and may even point you in the right direction. Send me some information. Send me an email. This objection carries one of two meetings. It's either true and the prospect really is interested and they want some information, or it's not true. They're saying it as a smoke screen because they're feeling the pressure. So what you need is an approach to help you get to more truth, not to overcome it. First, let's start with mindset. Mindset super important. When your intent is to overcome objections, what ends up happening is you don't take no for an answer. You say things that feel salesy and manipulative and pushy, and whenever prospects feel the push, they go into the zone of resistance. So if your intent is to overcome and to convince you behave in ways that sound salesy, that's because your thoughts affect what you say. The way out is to change your intent from overcoming to understanding, without having an agenda and without having an ulterior motive. So prospect says, Can you send me some information? Can you send me an email? You might simply pause for a couple seconds, pausing will just slow things down and give you an opportunity to think and respond. And then you might simply say, Sure, what's your email address? And the prospect will give you their email address. And then you might simply say, John, just so I don't do you a disservice and send you information that's not relevant. Would it be okay if I asked you a couple of questions? And you'll find if you do that in a genuine way, not because you're trying to get a sale or you're trying to overcome something, you'll see that a lot of prospects will say, Sure, and now we're in a conversation. Chances are, if you've been cold calling for a while, you've heard a prospect saying an angry tone, how did you get my number? You might think that it's your job to overcome this objection, but here's the thing, this is not an objection, it's a question, and when you treat questions like objections, you piss people off. So what you need is an approach to make people feel heard and understood and validated, rather than trying to bulldoze over them and get what you want. Here's what that might sound like. Prospect says, how'd you get my number? You might say, in a calm tone, the truth, I got your number from some software we use called Zoom info. It has your cell number and your direct number.

Speaker 1  09:58
It sounds like I. It's inappropriate for me to have called your cell number and then just be quiet. You'll notice that when you use a calm, humble, downward inflection tone, prospects will be more likely to have a conversation with you because you're not trying to overcome anything. The idea here isn't to fight the resistance, it's to join the resistance. Verbal Akito let me know how this feels for you. Prospect says You caught me at a bad time. Is that a truth or not the truth? Well, it depends. If the prospect says You caught me at a bad time because I'm at my son's soccer game, that's the truth, because they're giving you a reason. But if they said I can't talk right now, you caught me at a bad time, that might be a reflex reaction of sales pressure. So you want to treat those two responses differently. Let's go through each one. Prospect says, I can't talk right now. I'm at my son's soccer game. You might simply be a little curious about that, and say, you guys up or down? And prospect might say, Oh, we're actually up, you know, four, three. And then you might say, no worries, I'll hit you back later. And you end the call. And then a few days later, you might call the prospect and say, Hey, James, this is Josh. I'm the one that interrupted you at your kids soccer game. Hey, Josh, did you guys pull it off? You were up four, three last we spoke, and that's going to create a little bit of an opening. The other track is, if the prospect says, I can't talk right now. That could be a reflex reaction to sales pressure. So we want to deal with that a little bit differently. So you might pause for a second and simply say, that's not a problem. It sounds like I called you at the worst possible time. And then they may give you a very specific reason as to why it's a bad time, which might be legitimate, which you can accept and not have to overcome. Or they might say, Yeah, you did. You know, can you call me next week and then you might simply say this, John, if you're open to it, just so I don't do a disservice and call you at the wrong time again. Would you be open to working on a calendar basis, where we can put some time on the calendar so I don't interrupt you again at the wrong time, and simply pause there and see if the prospect is open to that. All right again. Objections, true or not true, that's what you should always be asking yourself. If they're true, don't try to over overcome them. When you treat truths like objections, you piss people off. Prospect says, I'm not the person that's responsible for this. That's a typical objection that is actually not an objection. That is actually the truth. How do I know it's the truth? Because the prospect's giving a specific reason. I don't handle this thing. When you treat a truth like an objection, you piss people off. So what we want to do here is be a little humble, and we might say something like this, I'm so sorry. John looks like I didn't do my research. I know it's not your job to help sales people that are lost, but would you be open to sharing who's responsible for x, and what you'll find is one of two things will happen. Prospect will say, Well, I think that's John Smith, to which you might say, I'm probably overstepping my bounds here. But would it be okay if I told him You referred me? And now you can leverage the prospect's name when you reach out to that person, or they might say, I have absolutely no idea who that is to which case we might want to end the call, do some additional research and call someone else. Okay, today I want to talk about how to never hear we have a vendor for that. When you're making a cold call, we're going to cover three things, mindset, or your intent going into the call, words, or what to say, and then your tone or how to sound. So let's start with mindset. Let's say, for the purposes of this tutorial, that we are selling Adams grit guard, which is a car wash product to keep dirt and grit off the car so it doesn't scratch the paint. No matter what you sell, people have a solution in place. So in this case, they are maybe washing the car with a bucket themselves, or maybe they're taking it somewhere to get it cleaned, or maybe they're having someone come to the house to clean it for them. They're not sitting around doing nothing. So we have to understand all the current ways people are getting the job done, so we can call it out in advance. The next thing we have to know is that not everyone's going to be a fit. Because if someone is taking the car somewhere else or having it detailed and we sell a bucket, this is not our person. Or if someone doesn't care to wash their car at all because it's an old, beat up car and they don't care about that, that is not our person either. So we certainly have a hypothesis, but we're not attached to an outcome, and we're going to let go of assumptions. We're going to sort people in or out based on if they're washing their car or not, and if they care about paint scratches or not. So that's thing number one. Thing Number two, when we make the call after your opener, however you want to open? The call, we're going to ask a question, to call out all the ways in which they might be getting the job done today. So here's what that might sound like. So Josh, do you wash your car, take it somewhere to get it cleaned, or do you have someone come to your house to clean it and then just Shut the front door and listen if they are washing the car themselves? We might then want to say this so, as you probably know, when dirt sinks to the bottom of the bucket, your sponge can scoop it back up and scratch the paint. How do you avoid that when you wash your car? Now I want you to pay attention to this phraseology right here, as you probably know, what that is subconsciously doing is protecting the other person's ego, so we don't make them feel like an idiot, because chances are, they might be aware of this problem, and we don't want to make them sound like they're not in the know. And then what we're doing, in a neutral way, is we're illuminating a potential problem with the current way, which is dirt, can get trapped in the sponge and scratch the car. And then we're just asking them, how are they preventing that from happening today? From a place of humble curiosity, without pushing or pitching, when you nail this question, people typically will scratch their head and think, What do you mean? I'm not sure. And then from there, you can simply say, Oh, you've probably heard of a grit guard. And then again, lean back and they'll either say, Well, I have heard of it, or I haven't heard of it, and now you've created an opening. So here's another example for a product called Spot hero. Another way you could ask it. Again, we're going to call out how people are currently getting the job done. So Josh, when you go to events in Miami, do you usually drive and park, grab an Uber or reserve a parking spot ahead of time? That's what spot hero allows you to do. It's going to be very difficult for someone to say we have a vendor for that, because we're actually calling out all the ways. So this is current way number one, currently number two, and this third one is what's possible, or shining a light on what they could be doing, and also making them curious. So they might think, what is that third one? And again, now you've created an opening. If they say, I park in advance, or I park by myself, you could then say, Oh, you've probably looked into these apps that let you reserve a spot in advance, and they may say yes or no, and again, you've created an opening. So the idea here to prevent we have a vendor, is to simply call out the current way and then shine a light on the potential problem with the current way. All right, let's talk a little bit about tone. The idea here is that when you're detached from the outcome, and you're not assuming there's a problem, but you're coming from a place of curiosity, you have a tendency to lean back because you're not making assumptions and you're not trying to pitch. So when you lean back, your tone is going to sound completely different, because your intent affects how you behave and how you sound. So if your intent is you're attached to the outcome, and you assume everyone needs what you are selling, you're going to sound very hypey, which is going to create pressure on the other person. But if you're indifferent, and you lean back, you're going to sound matter of fact and relaxed. So that might sound like this. So Josh, when you wash your car, do you wash it yourself? Have someone else do it? Or do you take it somewhere? Well, I wash it myself. So as you know, you've been washing your car for a while. Sometimes dirt can get trapped on the bottom of the bucket and can end up in the sponge, which can scratch your car. Do you mind me asking? How are you avoiding that from happening today? Then Just Shut the front door and listen. See I'm relaxed. I'm leaning back. Here's for spot hero, So Josh, I know you go to a fence in Miami quite a bit when you go down there. Do you usually drive and park get an Uber? Or do you reserve a spot in advance before you leave?

Speaker 1  19:00
See that my tone is sort of equal and almost like a little bit of a downward inflection, just like relax and chill. Okay, hopefully these ideas help you cold call in ways that feel a little bit better on your soul, and also help you start more conversations with people that you want to get in front of your prospect says, if we find a need, we'll let you know. Let me ask you a question, do you need a car wash bucket? Of course, you don't. If you wash your car chances are you have a car wash bucket. The reason prospects say, if we find a need, I'll call you back, is because what you're saying isn't meaningfully different than what they have. You're selling car wash buckets to people that have car wash buckets. Your solution has no value without a problem. So what's the way out shine a light on a meaningfully different idea related to a problem your prospect might not know about. Here's what that sounds like on a cold call, Josh, when you wash your car, are you using one bucket or two? I'm using one bucket. So we know that when people use one bucket dirt. Dirt settles to the bottom of the bucket, which can get trapped in the sponge and scratch your car. How are you going about avoiding dirt from getting trapped in your sponge today and then Shut the front door and listen? What you're doing is you're asking a question that's a little bit difficult to answer around, a problem that the prospect might not know about. And what you typically hear when you do this is the prospect sort of being quiet for a while and scratching their heads saying, I'm not sure or what do you mean? Is that what you do and now you've created an opening, and you can simply say, you've probably heard of a grit guard, and they might say, what's that? And then you could say, well, with a grit guard, the dirt settles to the bottom of the bucket and off your car, if you'd like. I can show you, and now maybe they're open for a demo. Here's the takeaway, you will start way more conversations with people when you come from a place of poking than you ever will by coming from a place of pitching instead of making statements about your car wash bucket, ask questions that illuminate a potential problem. So when people ask you what you do, what they're really asking is, what can you do for me? So I want to share with you a framework to explain what you do in a way that will inspire people to care and motivate them to want to learn more. See if you can recognize the framework. So hey, Josh, what do you do? So you know how you're shopping online. And you get to the shopping cart, and you see that little field that says, apply coupon, but you don't have a coupon. But you're wondering, is there a coupon for this? So you start searching the internet for coupon codes, and you might copy and paste them in, and none of them work. And then you end up paying full price with honey, you press a button, and you instantly are able to apply working coupon codes that give you the best price on whatever it is that you're buying. It works on over 20,000 sites. Does that sound like something you'd be open to seeing and then Shut the front door? Hopefully, this framework helps you explain what you do in ways that are more compelling to the people asking, what do you do? I was just asked this question, Hey, Josh, I'm cold calling a prospect, and they told me they're using Zoom info. I am selling a competitive product. How do I overcome this objection? I am using Zoom info is not a objection, it's the truth. No matter what you sell, your prospects are getting the job done. They're getting from point A to point B. They're making progress. So for you to loosen your prospects grip on the status quo, you have to ask a question with finesse that shines light on a problem that your prospect might not know about. Now, coincidentally, I'm scrolling through Tiktok, and I stumbled across a video by Sarah Plowman where she's talking about a problem that she is running into with Zoom info. Let's take a listen. Hi, Sylvia.

Speaker 2  22:46
Zoom info has been giving me like bad info. I just called a Silvio and I got Hi. This is Lucy zoom info. Do better.

Speaker 1  22:55
And then I head over to g2 crowd, and I see that other people are also complaining about bad data in zoom info. Let's imagine that your solution has humans verifying the data so there's less likelihood of getting a bad number. Now you can say something like this. Prospect says we have zoom info, and you can first validate their choice. Why? Because nobody wants to feel like they're doing their job wrong. That might sound like this. Those guys have been around forever. They were pretty much first to market with data, and they have one of the most comprehensive data sets out there. What's been your experience using them and then just Shut the front door and listen without having expectations from there? Poke the bear, ask a question with finesse that illuminates the problem. Here's what that might sound like. So John, I'm not sure what you're experiencing over there, but we often hear that because zoom info doesn't use human verified data. Three out of 10 times reps get a bad number, they call Sylvia and get Lucy. How have you been dealing with bad data today? And then Shut the front door and listen, what you typically hear when you poke the bear is a long pause because you're asking a question that's a little bit difficult to answer. So the prospect will typically scratch their head for a second. And I often hear when I listen to calls, that's a good question, I'm not exactly sure, then the prospect will say, is that what you do and now you've opened up the call? Here's the big takeaway, your solution has no value without a problem. Ditch the pitch, poke the bear.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai