Unknown Speaker  00:00
What do you sell?

Speaker 1  00:03
It's funny. I'm going to give you a quick 15 second contextual backstory. You posted, not too long ago, a video of you critiquing someone selling something that I'm selling, which is content marketing to real estate agents. So it was like perfect timing. Every once in a while you get those perfect timing gifts. So I saw kind of how you and some others analyze that call, which I agree, had plenty of opportunities. So that's what I sell, social media, website, blog, you know, higher Google rankings, things like that. I have a technology background, and, you know, a sales background to a lesser degree, but you know that that's, that's what I sell.

Unknown Speaker  00:51
Why do people buy that?

Speaker 1  00:54
Because, and this is the language of real estate agents, the good ones are too busy working with buyers and sellers to busy themselves, and it's distracting trying to post on social media, trying to get traffic to their stuff, right? It's a when you talk to them, they'll say it's competitive, but they'll also say it's collaborative, but they also have to do the things that real estate agents do, and not spend time posting and doing that type of thing.

Unknown Speaker  01:29
Okay, what problem does it solve? Time?

Speaker 1  01:34
Time and setting themselves apart from their competition? So I focus a lot on the Nashville market, which is super hot in real estate, it has been for like, the past 10 years. So, you know, you have people like I said, trying to meet with buyers and sellers, and they just don't have the time, even though they admittedly say they know they should be doing these things, it's just it's too distracting, it's too much to keep up with. They want it on autopilot so they don't have to mess with it. Because if they're doing that, they're not closing deals.

Speaker 2  02:06
Well, why even do it? What is the point of I'm saying, You saying produce content. They're making content like they're telling people about Nashville, about the restaurant.

Speaker 1  02:17
They're trying to set themselves apart from other real estate agents, showing that who they are, that they know the market. And it gets kind of tired and exhausting seeing agents say the same thing, unparalleled market knowledge, and, you know, high quality service, all these empty phrases and words that you know, they all say the same thing. So they know the good ones who do this know that they need to set themselves apart, and that's telling their stories, posting things that are relevant to the market, and showing who they are. You know, it's a lot of things that kind of work together to help them attract more buyers and sellers.

Speaker 2  02:54
So you're trying to, ultimately, they're trying to generate more people that are looking for homes, that are in market to buy. And the way they're doing that, and the way they're doing that now is through how, how are they currently doing that without you?

Speaker 1  03:07
The majority are referrals, and that's what you'll hear most agents say, especially the ones who have been in it for a number of years. They'll say, Look, I get all my business from referrals, but in a lot of cases, they're trying to grow right? They're trying to make me bring on a spouse who wants a career change. They're trying to get to that next level, and they've got a good, you know, client base, but they know that they need to branch out a little bit. So the question that they ask is, How do I do that?

Speaker 2  03:32
And how are they doing that without you? What do they typically try to do?

Speaker 1  03:36
They are sporadically posting things on social media. They're going to Canva and which Canva is great for certain things, they're posting, a lot of things that every other agent is posting, and they're not real sure how to tell their story. They're not real sure how to separate themselves, differentiate themselves. So a lot of it will look the same, but they dabble in it, and they know that they're not consistent. And that's what they say. I'm looking for consistency. That's what they'll say, and that's the key word, and a lot of this is consistency.

Speaker 2  04:05
Let's go through your talk track. I'm going to be a prospective client. I may come in and out of role play to help people dissect it, but I want to just hear the flow here. So Ring, ring, ring. Hi. This is Josh.

Speaker 1  04:20
Hey, Josh. My name is Matt. You and I have never spoken before, but I was hoping you could help me out. If you have just a minute Sure, how can help you? Matt, yeah, just a real quick question, are you working with somebody to help you with your social media and your website and like your Google rankings and stuff like that, or are you taking care of it yourself?

Speaker 2  04:38
I kind of dabble in that a little bit from, yeah, just, I just kind of do it myself, dabble. Yes, I dabble. I'll, I'll post something, you know, sometimes to Instagram or sometimes on Facebook, but it's not like on a on a regular basis.

Speaker 1  04:55
Yeah, I mean, I talk with a lot of agents, and that's kind of what a lot of them will say, is that. You know, they're not out working with buyers or sellers, then they're not making money. And some will, you know, fidget and fumble and tinker with their website and social media and things like that. So I don't know if that kind of sounds like the same experience you

Speaker 2  05:13
have. Yeah, that sounds like my life. Yeah.

Speaker 1  05:19
Well, hey, listen, I know I called you just kind of out of the blue, and I didn't want to take up a bunch of your time, but would you be open to maybe seeing what some of the options are, to kind of take some of this stuff off your plate and maybe put some of it on autopilot so you get, like, some consistent posts and maybe get a little bit of business out of that. Is that something you'd

Unknown Speaker  05:35
be open to? Is that what you do?

Speaker 1  05:37
Yeah, actually, it's a company based in the Nashville area, and I used to have my real estate license as well. So I kind of know what it feels like to you know, have inspections go sideways and be a tour, tour guide, scrambling around trying to get stuff done. So that's kind of what we're helping agents with. And be happy to talk with you more if that's something that you think you might be open to.

Speaker 2  05:59
That sounds interesting. Can you send me some information?

Speaker 1  06:03
Yeah, what do you think might be the most important thing you'd want to take a look at? What would it be like the social media or the websites, or is there anything that kind of jumps

Speaker 2  06:12
out at you? Yeah, just like a general description of kind of like your offering?

Speaker 1  06:17
Yes, there's a few things that we do, a range of things for a lot of different agents. So, you know, really kind of depends on if they're wanting to do social media or websites. Did you mentioned you kind of posted some things here and there was that something that you might want to be more interested in looking at? Or was it, you know, your website? Is there one kind of thing that stands out that you really want to take a look at? If I send you an email, yeah, I'd be, I'd be

Speaker 2  06:41
interested in just hearing like a little bit about your overall services that you offer.

Speaker 1  06:47
Okay, well, again, I think I probably catch you on the phone a little bit longer than than I want. Would you, you know, maybe have maybe 10 or 15 minutes, and I could kind of go through the whole menu of services and see if that's something that you might think would would be of some help for you

Speaker 2  07:03
and seen. So thank you for doing that. So as you've shifted to this approach, which is based on inquiry or asking questions rather than making statements, what have you noticed has changed since you've been using this this talk track,

Speaker 1  07:19
so I no longer fear it. It's now become a grind. And that sounds kind of strange, but I've gotten over the fear to the point where now I can focus on the work, right? The work of you know, I try to make at least 20 calls a day, but now, like client work and things are starting to I don't want to say interfere, but I'm having to be very mindful of, like, you know, time blocking, of when I make my calls. So I've noticed that, you know, I'll stand up. I've got like a nerf ball here. I'll throw this around on the wall before I start. I'll date myself a little bit. I'll listen to like a Deaf leopard song before I make these calls, and I'll stand up and I Google every agent that I've talked to before. It's not just like a blind thing. I've got a list. I google them. I make sure that, like, if they're killing it on social media and websites and stuff like that, I'm probably not even going to call them. But, you know, at that point, I just make the call, take a deep breath, get a drink of water, and then do the calls.

Speaker 2  08:26
And how's it been going? Generally speaking, you maybe have, I don't know, 10 or 15 conversations with people. So is it net out?

Speaker 1  08:33
Usually, I just started doing this a week ago today, and in my first I'm looking at the sheet here that I track everything on. You know, I got like four, four or five appointments out of the first 20 calls. Wow. So everybody's been super receptive to this. They answer the question regardless, like, Hey, I'm doing it myself, or I've got somebody that I just signed up with. Okay, fine, that's fine. But I've only had out of I've made 66 calls. So far out of those 66 there's only two people who I had to beat to hang up the phone on before they hang up on me. But everybody, I mean, 99% of the people have been regular folks. You know, they're real estate agents, so they made their career out of doing basically the same thing that I'm doing. And I've got their cell phones, because that's how they get business. So I don't have to deal with assistants or gatekeepers. I've got a direct channel to their cell phone every time.

Speaker 2  09:38
Yeah, all right, I'm gonna make, I'm gonna make some suggestions. Since you've been so kind with yours, I'm going to now be you, and you're going to be the agent, okay? And I'm going to call you, and I'm going to point out maybe a couple little tweaks we'll take it from after the permission based opener. So you say, Sure, we'll start it with, sure. How can I help you?

Unknown Speaker  09:59
Yeah. All right, sure. How can I help you?

Speaker 2  10:02
Yeah, so Matt, I was looking at your social media on Instagram. Is that something you do yourself, or are you working with someone to do that for you?

Speaker 1  10:12
You know, I had somebody call me the other day, and I'm not sure if I'm going to sign up with them yet, but I think we're probably about to sign an agreement, because I just don't have the time to deal with it. I'm doing like, you know, four to five closings a month, and it's just something I don't have time for. Is that what you do?

Speaker 2  10:30
Well, you made this really easy for me. Matt, yes, that is what we do. Can I ask you just a couple questions, just to see if this might be a

Speaker 1  10:44
fit? Yeah, just real quick, because I'm about to walk

Speaker 2  10:47
into a closing. Okay, no problem. Hey, I know you're going into a closing, and I certainly don't want to get in the way of that. I know I'm calling you out of the blue. It sounds like we might be able to potentially help. Would it be okay with you if we scheduled some time at a time where you're not running into a closing maybe later on this week or the following week.

Speaker 1  11:06
Actually, could you just send me an email that has some of your services on there and I can

Speaker 2  11:10
get back to you no problem. What's your email address? Blah, blah, blah, yeah, and again, just so I don't do a disservice by sending you irrelevant information and flood your inbox, even if it's a couple weeks out. Would you be open to putting some time on the calendar? That way I can discuss things that are most relevant to your situation.

Speaker 1  11:31
I might, but I'm seriously I'm about to open the door and walk into this title company, so I really don't have time to look at it right now.

Speaker 2  11:37
Not a problem. I'll let you go. I'll send you off an email, and I'll give you a call later on during the week. Okay, thank you. Okay, so a couple of things I want you to add. When someone says at the beginning, when you say, are you doing this yourself? Are you working with someone, they're going to say something slot in this question, how's that been going for you? If they're doing it themselves, how's that been going for you? So I have just that, yeah, just so after that first question. When you say how Hey, I looked at looks like you guys are. It looks like you're doing some social media on Instagram. Are you doing that yourself, or are you working with someone? Help you do that? I'm working I'm doing it myself, or I'm looking at some with someone, someone else. From doing it myself, how's that been going for you? Or even if I'm working with someone else, how's that been going for you, sounds like it's been perfect, sounds like it's been generating you lots of business, right? So we're listening for is you're working with someone, but is it good or not? And so we're hoping for is them to say, Well, yeah, it's perfect. I wouldn't say it's perfect, or Yeah, it could be. Sounds like it's checking every box. Sounds like it's generating a lot of business for you? Well, I wouldn't say that, no. How come? You know. And then from there, you might say something like this, would there be any events or circumstances that would cause you to maybe look to see if there's someone else that might be able to help you with this, you know, not for now, but just so you can see what your options are if, in fact, they're working with someone else and they're not happy, and if they're even doing it themselves, how's that been going for you? You might do a label there. And then again, that question, you know, you can say something like this, are there any events and circumstances that might cause you to consider exploring what it might look like to put this on autopilot? Well, I guess there would be like, that's, that's a nice question to ask at that second slot. That part two, you know, are there, are there any, I know I'm calling you out of the blue here, and it sounds like you've got a grip on this. If you don't mind me asking, Are there any events and circumstances that would cause you to consider exploring

Unknown Speaker  13:47
how you might be able to put this on autopilot so you can still get the leads, but not have to devote your time to

Speaker 1  13:56
it? Yeah. Autopilot is a word that I heard from an agent yesterday, so I took that and ran with it,

Unknown Speaker  14:02
yeah? So kind of take it off your plate,

Unknown Speaker  14:06
yeah? And

Speaker 1  14:08
I don't think I do that consistently enough. I have asked, you know, a couple folks will say, you know, kind of two different ends of that. One person said, I just signed up with somebody. So I don't even know how it's going to go. So follow up with me. And you know, a few months, okay, great, got you on the list, or where did she go? I'm working with somebody, but I'm open to options, which means there's some indifference there.

Speaker 2  14:37
If she said, if she said that, what I might say, if she says some options. Hey, if you don't mind me asking, How come you're open to options? That's a great question, right? And so we want to kind of dig in there a little bit, or you can do a label there. Sounds like you haven't been thrilled with what you're getting. Yeah, sounds like you haven't. Sounds like you're not over the. Tune with the results that you're getting.

Unknown Speaker  15:03
Yeah, I've not asked that yet,

Speaker 2  15:04
so when you whenever you hear like that, we've got to peel the onion. Yeah, I'm open looking at some options. Oh, if you don't mind me asking, how come I want to find what the what's going on there? If I'm not overstepping, it's another nice phraseology I like to use to lower resistance. Yeah, I'm not overstepping. I'm not prying, if you don't mind me asking, How come you're looking at exploring options, if you're if you're working with someone already, or you can use a label there sounds like you're not over the moon with the results that you've been getting. Yeah?

Speaker 3  15:45
Those are good, something like that. Yeah. Appreciate those sense.

Speaker 2  15:49
Yeah. But I think the beginning is really strong. And I like the beginning. You can actually also use the trigger. If you're actually doing a little research and you see that they have a social media presence, you could say, so be a really strong opening. Hey, Matt, I was on your social media, on Instagram. Was wondering, are you managing that yourself, or is someone doing that for you? Or you could say something like this, Matt, I was on your Instagram, are you managing that yourself, or do you have it on autopilot? Yes, well, I'm doing it myself. You've probably considered putting it on autopilot. That'll be my next question, right? So let's, let's just role play that talk track. I'm gonna, I want you to be the agent. And these are the first two questions. Is on your Instagram? Are you doing that yourself? Are you working with someone, I'm going to say myself. Are you doing it yourself? We have it on autopilot. I'm doing it myself. Then second question is going to be, how's that been going? And then the third question is going to be, you've probably considered putting it on autopilot, yeah. And what you're going to listen for is them to potentially correct you. Well, yeah, well, I'm working with someone, or I thought about it, but no, was that what you do? And now we've created an opening. So let's take it from the top, again, from the very top, from a permission based opener. We're going to ask how they're doing it today. So part one, permission based opener. Part two, how they're doing it today. So by yourself, or are you working with someone? Part Three, how's up and going, and then Part four is the sort of poke to bear you've probably considered putting out on autopilot so you don't have to do it. Ring, ring, ring. Hi. This is Josh.

Speaker 1  17:36
Hey, Josh. My name is Matt. You and I have never spoken before, but I was hoping you could help me out. If you had just a minute Sure, how can I help you? Yeah, I was on your social media, checking out or checking out your Instagram account. I was wondering, if you're managing, are you managing that yourself, or is somebody doing that for you?

Unknown Speaker  17:53
I've been doing it myself.

Unknown Speaker  17:56
And how's that been going?

Speaker 2  17:59
Oh, well, it's, it's kind of like starts and stops. As you probably saw from my Instagram. I'm not very consistent with it, so I'll do it like once every three or four weeks. I'm not really seeing you know much from it, but I know I should be doing it, and my company gives me some templates, so I just kind of do it on my spare time. I guess if at

Speaker 1  18:18
all Yeah, you mentioned every three or four weeks? You said,

Speaker 2  18:22
Yeah, you know every couple of weeks I'll do it sporadically, I guess,

Speaker 1  18:27
yeah, you might have considered doing it on on autopilot and kind of having it done for you. I'm not sure if that's something that you've looked into.

Speaker 2  18:35
I want you to say it like this, you've probably considered putting it on autopilot.

Speaker 1  18:42
Is that something that you say and just be quiet after Yes, is that? Is it a question? Is it's

Speaker 2  18:47
a statement? It's like, it's a label. Okay, so you've been, you've been doing this for a while. It seems like you kind of know the lay of the land. You've probably considered working with someone to put it on autopilot so you could be more consistent, and then just Shut the front door. Yeah, let's try it one more time. From the top, really good tonality. There something else that you might want to try at the beginning, since you already have it, is, Hey, Matt. My name is Josh, and we've never spoken, but I was on Instagram. I was on your Instagram profile. I was hoping I could ask you a couple questions.

Unknown Speaker  19:23
Okay, you

Speaker 2  19:25
could try it. It's your opening is great, but keep the opening the way it is. But I'm just giving you some options again. The label at the end is after you listen to them, and maybe there's an opportunity to mirror label. Oh, you've, you've been doing you've been doing this for 15 years, you've probably considered working with someone so you could put this on autopilot. Yeah, I was trying from the beginning. Hi, this Josh.

Speaker 1  19:50
Hey, Josh. My name is Matt. You and I have never spoken before, but I was hoping you could help me out. If you have just a minute, sure. How can I help you? Yeah, I was on your is. Degree and profile, just kind of checking some things out. And was curious, are you managing that yourself, or is somebody doing that for you?

Speaker 2  20:07
I do that all on my own, all on your own? Yeah, I'll buy my lonesome.

Unknown Speaker  20:13
And how's that been going?

Speaker 2  20:15
Um, it's okay. I guess I don't really do it. As you can see that much, it's it's pretty infrequent. So it's sporadic. Our company gives us some templates, and every once in a while, I'll put something up there, because I know I'm supposed to be doing it.

Speaker 1  20:29
Yeah, I get it. And also saw on your website that you've been a realtor in Nashville for like, 20 years, so you've probably considered, you know, putting this on autopilot.

Unknown Speaker  20:39
What do you mean autopilot? Well,

Speaker 1  20:43
where it's kind of done for you, because what most agents will say is that they're not consistent, kind of like what what you said, and they're just kind of looking for a way to get it done where they don't have to tinker with it and babysit it. Because, you know, if you're not out talking with buyers and sellers, and you're sitting around trying to post things on social media, trying to think of what to think of what to post. You know, you're not out closing deals.

Unknown Speaker  21:06
So, yeah, that sounds interesting. How does it work?

Speaker 1  21:12
Well, there's, there's a few different options. And, you know, by the way, I know I just caught, okay,

Speaker 2  21:17
girl, you're, you're, you caught yourself. Because when, soon as they start going down that path, I want you to then ask for the meeting. So it likes it looks like you're you caught yourself, right? So how does, how does it work?

Speaker 1  21:32
Yeah, so I know I just called you out of the blue and didn't want to take up a bunch of your time. Would you be open to maybe putting, you know, 10 or 15 minutes on a calendar later this week or next week to kind of go over what your options might be. Fantastic.

Speaker 2  21:45
That was good. Try that out. Now let's go do another one, and this time I'm going to tell you that I'm working with somebody. Okay, so, and then we'll see where that goes. Remember that that that one's going to be how's that been going? Yeah, right. So let's try from the beginning again. Um, hi, this job.

Speaker 1  22:03
Sorry, you've blown up my script, so I got to redo some stuff on my my document. So all

Speaker 2  22:07
right, this recording as well. So, um, Hi, this Josh.

Speaker 1  22:11
Hey, Josh. My name is Matt. You and I had never spoken before, but I was hoping you could help me out, if you had just a minute. Yeah. How can I help you? Matt? Yeah, I was on your Instagram profile and just kind of checking some things out. And was curious, are you managing that yourself, or are you working with somebody?

Speaker 2  22:27
I've been working with someone for like, three months or so, three months, yeah, yeah, like about three months. I've been working with like this little a guy that called me a while

Unknown Speaker  22:38
back. Okay, how's that been going?

Speaker 2  22:42
Um, I guess it's going, it's because, I guess it's going, okay,

Unknown Speaker  22:47
okay, sounds like he's not killing it too much.

Speaker 2  22:49
Well, I wouldn't say killing it. I really haven't gotten any leads from this that have actually turned into business.

Unknown Speaker  22:58
So no leads at all yet.

Speaker 2  23:00
I got leads, but none of them have turned into actual business yet.

Speaker 1  23:04
No business. I got you. Okay, so it sounds like it's not going.

Unknown Speaker  23:10
This is a great time to ask this. What's your opinion on why that is?

Speaker 2  23:18
Ooh, that's real good. Remember, we gotta shift into inquiry mode. Yeah, you've been in real estate for 20 years. What's, what's your theory on why that is? And then let the person talk. Because the fundamental belief is that people are more persuaded when they hear themselves talk rather than when they hear a salesperson talk. So we got to be like a therapist and get it out of them. So anytime someone gives you some kind of semblance of any kind of a issue or a problem, pass the potato back. Yeah. What's your opinion on why that is

Unknown Speaker  23:59
that's good, yeah. So let's

Speaker 2  24:01
try it one more time with that question in there. Guys get get some reps in and we'll take it from the top. This will be our last run through. Okay, so it goes, um, Hi, this Josh.

Speaker 1  24:11
Hey, Josh. My name is Matt. You and I have never spoken before, but I was hoping you could help me out. If you have just a minute. Uh, sure, I can help you. Yeah, I was on your Instagram profile, just checking out some things. And was curious, are you managing that yourself, or is somebody handling that for you?

Speaker 2  24:28
I'm working with someone on that that I've had for a little bit, for a little bit. Yeah, I've been working with them for about, like, almost four months, I

Unknown Speaker  24:37
guess. Okay, yeah, and how's it been going,

Speaker 2  24:41
I guess they're doing stuff, but I haven't really seen any. I mean, I get leads that come in, but it's mostly been like, higher kickers. I haven't really gotten any leads that have turned into, like, revenue. No one's like, become a client. I've never closed the deal from from it at all. Most of my stuff is, you know, refer.

Unknown Speaker  25:00
Else I got you. So any thoughts on why you think that is

Speaker 2  25:07
really good? That's a good question. I don't think they're attracting the right kinds of buyers for whatever reason it's, I guess it's casting a wide net so the people that are coming in through the content that's person's coming, you know, putting out. They're not like, you know, generating anything that's relevant to what I what I do and sell. Yeah.

Speaker 1  25:32
I mean, that makes sense. I see that a lot. So let me ask you this, would you be open maybe sometime in the next few days to spend maybe 10 or 15 minutes kind of looking at what some of your other options might be. Hey, let's

Speaker 2  25:45
pause for a second there. That's good, but it felt a little premature. I just gave you a lot.

Unknown Speaker  25:53
I agree 100% it was. It

Unknown Speaker  25:55
was going very nicely, and then all of a sudden,

Speaker 1  25:58
was like, Yeah, your parents, yeah. The pacing was awful at that point.

Speaker 2  26:01
It was, you got a little guy got a little excited, right? Yeah, you're right. So when that person, you know, unloads all of that, you might want to try another label there. Yeah. I mean, you sound like the kind of you sound like an innovative agent. It's kind of trying to stay ahead of the curve with social media. Kudos to you for, you know, hiring someone has it taken a lot of the workload off your plate, you know, so it's something that's not working. I that is something I hear all the time. Why do you think that is? And they kind of unload all that on all that on you, right? And then you might say something like this. That is very common. Most of the agents that I speak to that I've used an outsourced model are finding exactly what you said. They're going to agree with them. It's no fault of their own. But because the tar that the content isn't targeted, they get leads, but they don't close. You might pause there. Would you be open to exploring a different perspective for generating leads that will be more likely to close because the content will be, you know, more relevant? You know, that's kind of the beat of it a little bit. But don't be so abrupt at the end there, when you're sort of smell blood in the water. The only time to do that is if someone says, how does it work? Then you can sort of say, Hey, I know I'm calling in the middle of something. You probably got a bunch of stuff going on. Would it make sense to schedule some time later on this week so we can unpack this a little bit, like, maybe Thursday or Friday? But good job.

Speaker 1  27:36
Yeah, that's good. That's good. Yeah. As soon as I said that, I was like, Oh my gosh, I'm just like, ravenous at that, that last statement, which is not really me, but yeah,

Speaker 2  27:48
because kind of like, we ought to just kind of relax and don't feel like, like we have to get it. And one of the, one of the ways, sometimes I, you know, I've done this as well, it's which is like, um, well, sounds like this might be worth exploring. This is another way you could do it. This is how I would do it. Sounds like this might be worth exploring, that. Where would you like to go from here? Yeah. Then they'll say, Well, can we meet? Like, how does it work, right? So it sounds like this might be worth exploring. There might be some opportunity here to bring you in more targeted traffic. Where would you like to go from here? Well, can we meet Sure, right? So that's another option. Let's try it one more time and just slow down a little bit at the end. Okay. Just like, relax. Okay. Last time through, Hi, this Josh.

Speaker 1  28:34
Hey, Josh. My name is Matt. You and I have never spoken before, but I was hoping you could help me out.

Unknown Speaker  28:38
If you have just a minute, sure how can I help you?

Speaker 1  28:42
I was on your Instagram profile, just kind of checking some things that out, and was curious, are you managing that yourself, or are you working with somebody?

Unknown Speaker  28:50
I am working with somebody right now.

Unknown Speaker  28:55
And how's that been going for you? I

Speaker 2  28:58
guess it's been going okay. I've been working with them for like, three or four months. I mean, it's generating leads, but the problem has been that the leads really, aren't really converting into revenue. I guess now let's stop right here. Let's say, I say it's going fine. You might want to say, sounds like you're generating leads that are converting into revenue, lots of leads that are converting into revenue. Into revenue. So let's try that. It's been going okay. It's been going fine, okay.

Speaker 1  29:27
It sounds like you've gotten some business out of the work that they're doing for you.

Speaker 2  29:31
Perfect, perfect label. Because if they haven't, they're going to correct you. So actually, no, it's generating leads, but the leads aren't. They have not generated any revenue. For me that none of these deals are closed yet.

Unknown Speaker  29:49
I got you any thoughts on why you think that might be? It's

Speaker 2  29:53
a good question. My My hypothesis is that the content is not really relevant to the. People that I'm targeting. So I'm getting a lot of, you know, tire kickers. Tire kickers, yeah, just people that are just, like, not ready to buy, or they're not ready to buy, the types of properties that I, you know, sell, and, you know,

Unknown Speaker  30:15
I gotcha, yeah,

Speaker 1  30:17
what kind of properties is it that you that you do sell? Very good,

Speaker 2  30:22
very good. Yeah. So I'm mostly selling stuff, like, in the farm, farm area, farm like, farmhouses with, like land and barns and stuff like that.

Unknown Speaker  30:32
Oh, nice. Okay,

Speaker 1  30:35
so now I'm, now, you know, cut scene here, I'm kind of stuck there on where to go. Like I thought, Do I go ask about if they'd be open to looking at options? Or that still feels like it's a little

Speaker 2  30:48
too something like this. You know, it sounds like this might be worth exploring. I bump into this all the time as a nice transition phrase. This is something I hear all the time, people working with people, and they're generating leads, but they're not really closing and they're paying anywhere from two to $3,000 a month, but they're just not seeing the return pause there. Yeah, that's exactly right. That's the kind of stuff we help people with all the time. I know I'm calling out of the blue, but would it make sense to carve out some time over the next couple of weeks, you can see a different perspective for using content in a way that actually generates leads that are likely to close. Yeah, awesome. That's kind of the the idea there. And again, what we want to do is we want to agree with people, and we don't want it to feel like it's their fault. So Matt, this is something that I hear from agents all the time that are working with people, and kudos to you for actually taking it off your plate. So many agents that I work with don't do that. They're kind of doing it all themselves. So you sound like you're you've mastered sort of time management, and they're seeing the same exact problem. So I'm wondering, that's what we help people with all the time. So for that reason, I'm wondering if you'd be open to a different perspective. We're putting this on autopilot, but in a way that actually generates leads that are more likely to close. So

Unknown Speaker  32:24
awesome. Watch one more time. Good stuff, man.

Speaker 2  32:29
Yeah, I will do one more rep. You have all this stuff.

Speaker 1  32:33
One more. I've got a page of notes here. So it's good.

Speaker 2  32:36
This is this getting the reps in is, is going to help you tremendously. The more reps you get in off the court, you'll just, it'll be it'll feel better. Hi, this is Josh.

Speaker 1  32:44
Hey, Josh. My name is Matt. You and I have never spoken before, but I was hoping you could help me out

Speaker 3  32:49
if you have just a minute. Hi, sure. How can I help you? Matt? Yeah, I was on

Speaker 1  32:53
your Instagram page a few minutes ago and was curious, are you managing that yourself, or is somebody helping you out

Speaker 2  33:00
with that? I am working with someone. I've been working with them for about, I want to say, like, four or five months now, already. Oh, four or five months, yeah, about about that, and how's it been going so far, it's been, it's been going okay, I guess. Okay, yeah, it's been going, it's been going fine.

Speaker 1  33:19
So it sounds like you're getting, you know, business, and you're you're getting leads, and probably closed a few deals.

Speaker 2  33:28
Well, that not really, no, we, I'm getting leads. But so far, the leads that I've gotten have not converted into any business, like no one's No one's buying anything from the leads. But I am getting people that are raising their hand.

Unknown Speaker  33:41
I got you any thoughts on why you think that might be,

Speaker 2  33:46
or what's your opinion on why that is? You know, I don't I, you know, I think what it is is the content that they're producing isn't really like lining up with the people that buy the properties that I sell, which is mostly, you know, houses on big farms with big acreage and, like, farmhouses and stuff. So I'm getting leads in, but they're, like, higher kickers, and they're just not a good fit for the types of properties that I that I sell. Yeah.

Speaker 1  34:14
I mean, I hear that from a lot of agents where, you know, the stuff that they post doesn't really click with the kinds of people that they might, you know, want to work with. So, you know, this sounds like this might be worth exploring a little bit more. I'm curious if you might be open to maybe hearing some options where you might see a different perspective, and maybe get some tips and tricks and pointers on, you know, how you might be able to polish this a little bit and maybe get some more qualified

Speaker 2  34:43
leads much better. So, yeah, that's something I hear all the time. And first, let me just drop back for a second and just say, you know, I rarely hear people that are that have figured out how to, you know, outsource it. So many agents want to do it themselves, and they. Not as consistent. So kudos to you, man, for for, you know, having the awareness to get it off your plate. You might want to just say that, you know, and let that sit for a little bit, and then, you know, hey, this is something that I hear. We're seeing this all. I see this all the time through no fault of your own, because sometimes there's a mismatch between the content and your ideal buyer. That's exactly the type of thing we help agents with all the time. For that reason, I'm wondering if it would make sense for you to explore some options so you can see if we can might help you in this area, right? So those phrases like this is something we see all the time. This is not your fault. Is this content mismatch. That's something this is a transition phrase you might want to use. That's something that we help agents with all the time. I have no idea if this is a fit for you. I don't even we just met. It's another great phrase to lower resistance. But I'm wondering, you know, would it make sense put some time on the calendar over the next couple of weeks so you can review you know, other options for generating leads that are that are more likely to close versus leads that are just leads. That's real good.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai