Speaker 1  00:00
Have you ever had one of those days where you looked at the clock and you're like, oh my gosh, where did the day go? You don't feel like you got a lot done. You felt a little disorganized. I have certainly felt that, especially when I was a younger salesperson, and many of the SDRs that I work with felt that way as well. Tried a bunch of things, like blocking out your calendar for a certain time to do a certain thing, like nine to 10, make cold calls. The problem is, I have found that work weeks are wonky. Things happen. Meetings get scheduled. It throws you off. All of a sudden, you're meeting with someone in your call block. You can't do it. Throws the rest of your day off, and you start to feel bad about yourself. What has worked for me and the teams that I've managed is something called the Pomodoro Technique, and it is super fun as well. Let me show you how it works. You get yourself one of these little timers on Amazon, and what they do is they count down. So for example, in this image, the 60 is on top. It's going to give you 60 minutes on the timer. And during that 60 minute block, you do one task and one task only. For instance, you cold call. Why one task? Because if you're switching tasks between cold emailing and cold calling and adding prospects to sequences, you can't get into like a flow state. You can't get into a rhythm. You can't get into a groove. So here's what that looks like, 30 minutes to confirm meetings. Now I put this one first for a reason. It's the most important task. Why? Because these are people who have already expressed interest. They're closer to the revenue. So I want to knock that out first thing in the morning, if possible. Next I do 30 minutes to add prospects to sequences. This is a biggie. I gotta keep adding fuel to my machine. I have to have enough people to call and remember, we can't mix and match people in these sequences. We can't put CTOs in with data analysts in with marketers, because each of those people care about different things. We want to keep them separate so we can have separate talk tracks that address each of their needs. Remember, everyone wants to be happy, but happiness is relative. What makes a CTO happy is different than what makes a data analyst happy. So I got to separate those little tracks from there. I might do a 60 minute call block, and after every two hours, I'll take a longer break. After every shorter block, like 30 minutes, I'll take a five or 10 minute break, and then the afternoon, I'll do some more, 60 minutes for cold emails, 30 minutes to add more prospects to sequences, and then 60 Minutes afternoon call block. And then we would do something fun. Each SDR would have a calendar and have a red marker, and they'd put an X through every date where they were able to hit those Pomodoro tasks. So that looked a little bit like this. And what I found, without fail, is that SDRs that had a lot of red X's at the end of every month always met and exceeded quota, even if they weren't as skilled as people that didn't have as many red X's. Why is that? Because consistency matters a lot in this job, having the red X's can get you very far. And I have found that the red x's on the counter is a little bit of a motivation. At least it was for me and some of the members of the team that I work with try the Pomodoro Technique out. See how it feels for you. If it doesn't feel good, there's lots of other ways to manage your time, but the takeaway here is this, knowing how to manage your time is a very important skill to master. As a sales development rep, you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai