Speaker 1  00:00
Does your voice sound like this when you make cold calls and everything sounds like a question? You want to watch out for up tone on a cold call. It's rather off putting to the prospect, because it makes you come across like you're a little confused and everything's a question. So let me show you what up tone sounds like, and then I'm going to contrast it with what I call a matter of fact casual tone. So here's an uptone. Hey James. My name is Josh with Acme, and I know you weren't expecting my call, but I was hoping you could help me out for a moment. Feel that a lot of uptones. Here's the same exact phraseology, but in a matter of fact tone. Hey John, my name is Josh. We've never spoken before, and I know you weren't expecting my call, maybe you can help me out for a moment. Do you got a sec feel the difference there? One feels more casual and relaxed, which is going to be more inviting to your prospect. The other thing I want you to be aware of when you're calling is the hypiness in your voice. You don't want to sound like a CrossFit instructor, where you're so excited and so hypey, because hypey can come across as salesy. You're associated with those used car salesmen. So again, you want to sound more like a TED talk. You want to sound confident and calm and collected. With regards to speed, you don't want to talk too fast like this, but you don't want to talk too slow either your pace should sound like this. Hey, John, I know you weren't expecting my call, and you're probably in the middle of something, but I was hoping to ask you a couple of quick questions. Do you got a moment? I promise to be brief. Feel that pace right there. So be aware of your pace. The other thing to be aware of is your volume. Your volume is another thing you could start to play with. You don't want to talk too low like this, and you don't want to talk too high like this. I'd say on a scale of one to 1010. Being max volume, one being a whisper, you want to be at about a six and a half to seven about how I'm talking right now. So keep the tonality in mind when you cold call, because prospects aren't just reacting to what you're saying, they're also reacting to how you're saying it. Chances are, if you make cold calls, you've thought a lot about what you're saying, but you might not have been given as much thought to how you say it. And here's the thing, how you sound on a cold call matters as much, if not more, as what you're saying. In fact, I read a stat the other day that said that prospects decide within about a half a second how trustworthy you are on a cold call, and so if you don't sound trustworthy, you're not going to be able to start as many conversations. That's what I'd like to talk to you today about in this video, how to have a better vocal first impression. It starts with getting the script under your tongue. I can't get better at the groove on the guitar and bringing certain notes up and certain notes down, unless I actually have the notes under my fingers. It's the same thing with cold calling. So we got to have the script under our tongue. From there, we can work on our tonality. You want to sound a little friendly, conversational and chill, like you're just having a casual conversation without assumptions, with someone over coffee. Here's what that sounds like for Captivate IQ, after your opener, you might say something like this. So Lisa, I have no idea what your process is over there, but typically we see that someone in finance uses some kind of a spreadsheet to determine payouts. Then they send it to you for approval. You send it back. You send it to reps. They check it for accuracy. There's a sort of back and forth approval dance, if you don't mind me asking, how are you determining payouts today? And then just pause. Feel the casual language there. There's this sort of that's intentional. I want to sound conversational and relaxed. And while I was saying it, I was kind of laughing a little bit and having a good time. All right, hopefully this tip helps you have a better vocal first impression with your prospects, so that you can start more conversations. Hello, yeah, Anthony. My name

Speaker 2  03:54
is Henry. I was calling you about a building you have, how you doing good? Yeah. I was calling you because my partner and I are going through a 1031 exchange, so I was just figured I'd give you a ring to see if you might be open to selling your property for the right price. What's the name of your company, ironstone equities. It's a small investment company, me and you know, me and two partners.

Speaker 3  04:12
Okay, so I just recently got approvals for self storage for this location. Okay, that's kind of where, where I'm I'm considering on moving towards that. Okay, so we have a couple of the large retail interests, and we have an offer right now at 6.8 million for it that I'm considering. One of

Speaker 2  04:32
my good friends is one of the VPs of prime, so I could definitely see what they would consider. I mean, how much? Because obviously you had a building there, so I'm guessing it's a redevelopment of that building into self storage units. Yeah.

Speaker 3  04:44
So what's special about this is that we are going to use the same tech footprint that is in the building right now, including the facade, the glass, like storefront, even even that is being repurposed, it lends itself to. You know, it's a nice clear glass. And basically what we're doing is, the most important thing is we're keeping the footprint, raising the roof about 12 feet or so, because we have a 25 foot, actually, 20 like 2020 feet, 22 feet, something like that. And we're raising it about 12 feet, and we're keeping the footprint. It's saving us a couple of million dollars just in construction, just doing that. So, yep, yeah. And I need, in order to sell this, I would need, I'm asking 7.5 you know. And we've considered, you know, something between seven and 7.5 and just

Unknown Speaker  05:36
to clarify how much

Speaker 3  05:37
broker, there's no broker involved, right? So it's direct, yeah,

Speaker 2  05:41
yep, I understand, yeah. And then, just to clarify, how much square feet would it be when it's done?

Speaker 3  05:48
Right now, the building is 33 roughly 33,000 square feet.

Speaker 2  05:52
Okay, so 66 74,000 square feet.

Speaker 3  05:55
7074 let me tell you what, because we're building the second floor out over like a cantilever over the parking lot in the back, yep. Grab another 10,000 feet, which we were able to get. You know, that's optional, whether you want to do that or not. But if you got approvals for 70, I think it's 73 or 74,000 Okay,

Speaker 2  06:13
got him. And then did you do a feasibility study to get an idea of what you think

Speaker 3  06:17
you can get red wines? Yeah, we have all that. We have a report on it. Do you want me to send you an email? It makes sense, first, let's make sure we're good with the numbers and like, we're not wasting each other's time.

Speaker 2  06:28
Well, I mean, I could do, I'll do some home. I mean, like your email, yeah, okay.

Speaker 3  06:34
And then, and then I'll shoot you an email with or engage a little further, and I'll be on the same page with our contact information, and I'll share

Speaker 2  06:41
with you what I have. Okay, awesome, I mean. And just work

Speaker 3  06:45
and extra space down the street is usually full so and then there's a there's a public that is opening, or has opened down the street and and just to give you an idea of public storage, is the one that's actually interested in my site. That's how bullish they are on the area for self storage. So sure I can put

Speaker 2  07:04
it in front of prime as well and see what they think. Because she said 72,000 feet. Yeah, I think

Speaker 3  07:09
it's 73 to 74 I can get all that, all the details. It's over 73 over 73

Speaker 2  07:15
okay, just wanted to clarify. And then, okay, well, look, this is your cell phone. I'll show you text with my email, this way you have it, and I'll try to get you something sounds good. Good. Talk to me. Be likewise.

Speaker 1  07:25
Anthony. Thank you. So I was listening to some cold calls two people using the same exact script, but one of them was having much better conversations, meaning prospect was opening up more. The conversations were lasting longer. They got more information, and the other person wasn't even though they were using the same script. So what was going on here? If it wasn't what they were saying, it was their voice. The person that wasn't getting as far into the conversations was very monotone and flat, and the other person varied their tone. It was kind of going up and down like like little waveforms. Let me, let me demonstrate to the best of my ability here of what monotone might sound like. So Hey, Josh, many of the people that I speak with are telling me that the dial to connect rates are two to 3% how's that been for you? Are yours two to 3% or are they higher? Listless, right? Like, not a lot of personality flat versus the other person sounded more like this. So, Josh, I don't know if you're experiencing this. Been hearing quite a lot that dial to connect rates. They're hovering, like, around two to 3% even if you have direct dials. People just aren't picking up the phone unless, of course, it's their mom. What are you seeing over there are yours around two or 3% or are they much higher? Feel the difference there? One's like this and one's like this, all right, so for this week, don't change what you're saying. Just experiment a little bit about with your voice, how you're saying it. Let me know how it goes.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai