Speaker 1  00:00
One of the questions I'm often asked is, How do I make sure prospects show up for the meeting? In order for prospects to show up for the meeting, you have to make the idea of spending 20 minutes with you more appealing than any other option they have. How do you make sure that you're not more appealing? You say something like this, we're going to schedule a 20 minute snowflake demo. Here's the thing. People don't care about demos. They care about what the demo allows them to do better I don't want a camera demo. I want to take better pictures. So concept number one here is that we have to use messaging that has something to do with what the prospect is going to get out of the meeting, which is not your demo. Let me give you some ideas. First, we want to promote that the show is going to be put on by someone that they admire, perhaps a peer in a similar industry that knows something that they don't know. That's going to be very appealing, because people are hard wired to be a better version of themselves. Here's what that might sound like. You're on a cold call. Prospect is leaning forward a little bit. They're sharing about their situation. You hear that there might be a potential problem you can help with. The prospect starts asking you questions. You're going to pull away like we talked in the previous module. You don't want to burn the popcorn. And then you might say this in a very calm voice. It sounds like this might be worth exploring, since whatever the prospect told you, I know I promised to be brief, John, would it make sense for you to invest 20 minutes with one of our product directors that specializes in the gaming industry so you can review what your options are, perhaps Thursday or Friday afternoon. See what I'm doing here. I'm making it very relevant to someone in their industry that they can learn from. Here's the thing. People don't want to learn from someone like a salesperson. They want to learn from someone that's in their industry. They want to learn from someone at an eight or a nine or a 10 level, not someone at a two or three level. So that's the psychology there. We're actually promoting a product specialist in their specific industry that's working with other gaming companies. Here's the next concept you might ask the prospect, is there anyone else that cares about this who you'd like to invite? We don't want to make anyone jealous. What's the psychology there? The more people you have on a meeting, the less likely it will be to get canceled. Here's the next concept, oh and John, if your schedule changes for any reason and you can't make it, will you please let me know. What's the psychology there? If you remember from the last module, when people commit to something verbally, they're more inclined to actually show up, because people are hardwired to make sure that what they say is consistent with their actions. It's called congruency. Doesn't feel good when we commit to something and then we actually don't show up. Here's the next concept. In our meeting, message in our calendar, invite, we don't want we don't want to reference a demo. We want to reference what the demo allows the prospect to do better. So let's take a look at an example. Title of the invite unlocking data in the gaming industry, again, a result that the prospect wants but doesn't have. It's focused on what the prospect can do with your product, not what your product does. And then the message might sound like this at 3pm eastern on x the date, you'll see how people like you at a gaming company like you, are doing this thing so that they can, and that's a result people want but don't have so they can. Is a bridging phrase that keeps your message focused on what's in it for the prospect? All right, take these concepts for a spin and see if they help your meeting. Show rates.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai