Speaker 1  00:00
Hello, hey, Christopher, how's it going? I'm Kim. Listen, I know we've never met, but I was doing some research on Cvent, on alexa rank, and I was hoping that you could help me for a minute. Do you have two minutes?

Speaker 2  00:13
I have just a couple of minutes. I gotta jump on a call at quarter past. Okay.

Speaker 1  00:18
Okay, sounds good. Well, thank you very much. I appreciate that. So I'm calling with user leap, and we work with event tech companies with over a million monthly active users. And the reason for my call is that when I speak with product managers every day, I often hear that they have great analytics data, but don't actually know kind of the qualitative data and the why for specific reasons behind why users like aren't signing up or dropping off. So I'm curious about how you guys are going about pinpointing that right now. Are you using like a Survey Monkey, Qualtrics or Typeform, just looking analytics data? Do you have a good, a good pair of X ray goggles that that lets you, let you know what your customers are thinking?

Speaker 2  01:01
Yeah, yeah. We have a number of internal tools that we use to track our users. So we have a pretty robust set of homegrown analytics tools that we that we leverage and utilize to create internal reports and in track track user behaviors that way. And we're kind of growing that side of our business actually, to react to that.

Speaker 1  01:22
So, yeah, very nice. And how's that working for you?

Speaker 2  01:27
Pretty well. You know, there's always, always room to grow. And you know, there's a backlog of things we're working on to to continue to make it more robust. But, but it works.

Speaker 1  01:40
Well, okay, yeah, absolutely. That sounds great. It sounds like you guys have built up a good, you know, analytics core there. Listen, I know, I know. I've always

Speaker 2  01:49
had debate against the build versus buy, and we, we tend to, we tend to build a little bit more than we buy, though, yeah, there's always that constant evaluation of the ROI,

Speaker 1  02:01
yeah, and I know that you guys have a really strong engineering team too. So I think that's, you know, oftentimes the the preference when you when you have those grid engineers now just working on a on a project with New Relic, actually, where they were popping it out of, out of the right side, just like they do with with everything else, and they were able to find that, you know, when they when they analyze, usually been looked at the way that we were able to surface micro surveys within, you know, the kind of those unique customer journeys, as well as, you know, do AI analysis of the open text data. We were able to compress down their their engineering hours by, I think it was something like 20 or 30 hours for the single project. So, you know, do you think that something like that could, could be of interest to you?

Speaker 2  02:50
I'm honestly not in a position to sort of take on an additional sort of evaluation of we're kind of paused on, on evaluating sort of new, new, new, new products to introduce to our platform at the moment, but, you know, I certainly appreciate the call.

Speaker 1  03:10
Yeah, yeah, absolutely no, no, no worries at all. And yeah, it's not, it's definitely, you know, not something for. Doesn't sound like it would be something for, for right now. You know, do you think that, you know, just, I could, we could bat around some, some ideas to discuss if it, if it might be of interest for later on, just to kind of keep, keep you up to date on what's new and and what's coming out. Yeah.

Speaker 2  03:38
I mean, truthfully, I'm just, I'm probably the wrong person to be talking to. So we have sort of a pretty robust R and D team that sort of evaluates, you know, different, different opportunities we have across our various products on our platform, and evaluate, sort of our our paved, what we call our paved road approach to the tools that we use to enable our products and to and to better understand our users across our various product lines. And so I own three product lines, but I don't, I don't really make the decisions or evaluate the various options that exist out there for external tools that would that we might employ. So I'm really not the best person. I don't think to talk to to sort of make headway there.

Speaker 1  04:24
Okay, Okay, gotcha. That's, that's that that's completely fair. So it sounds like there's kind of like a product operations team. And I know it's, I know it's that it's not your job to to shine a light and and show the way for for lost sales people around, C then what would you would you mind putting me in the in the right direction for who might be the right person?

Unknown Speaker  04:47
Yeah, I'm trying to think of, you know, who that might be.

Speaker 1  04:58
It's. Yeah, okay, I'll go ahead and and reach out to to her or him. Is it a her or him? It's a him, it's a him. Okay, perfect. I'll go ahead and reach out and listen, Christopher, thank you. Thank you for your time. I really appreciate it. I know that I had called you out of the blue. I know I promise to be brief, and I do have to ask one more time before, but before we jump off. You know, oftentimes when we work with with teams, especially product teams, we work to kind of help them own the survey tooling and the qualitative feedback tooling themselves, so that they don't have to wait for, you know, days or weeks, or I've heard, sometimes even, even months, even, to get to get answers back after users take actions that that they're interested in, and kind of help them to get answers to their most interesting questions the next day, sometimes the same day, if they're looking at flows, you know, if you do have 15 minutes later on this Week, I'd love to show you what we've built. You know, I've done a lot of research on Steven. I really do think that it could be, you know, quite impactful for you and your team. Yeah.

Speaker 2  06:09
I mean, I'll be honest, it's, it's a short week for me. It's my birthday week, and I'm trying to get all my work covered so I can take a day off the end of the week. So it's really kind of a tough time. I think it sounds interesting, but, and again, it's not, to be honest, it's not we're pretty well supported in product here in terms of getting the tools that we need. And you know, we have clear lines of communications for needs that we have, and our leadership is generally very responsive to our needs. So in terms of the competing tools out there that enable us to get the data we need. It's not really a decision that I make. So we sort of, we, we push the feedback up for needs we have, and then our teams, you know, procure the tools based on, you know, people that are, that are equipped, and have the time to really evaluate very carefully the tools we choose. So I just, I don't want to, I don't want to waste your time, and certainly don't want to waste mine. So you know that that lead I gave you is probably the best path in terms of just exposing your product to someone that that might be able to take a look at it. So I think that's your best bet.

Speaker 1  07:18
Understood well, thank you for helping me out and happy birthday. Yeah, thanks so much. Be well. Thank Thank you. Yeah, yeah, you as well enjoy the rest of your short week. Happy birthday. Bye. Yeah.

Speaker 3  07:32
Hi. Jackie. Anthony Russer, I know this call is out of the blue, but I was wondering if you could help me for a

Unknown Speaker  07:38
second. Okay, what can I do for you? Yeah,

Speaker 3  07:41
yeah, absolutely. I'll be brief. I'm with bench front we serve over 6 million learners, and I've been hearing from a lot of learning teams that they're putting together 456, different tools, so it's been a bit tricky for them to track learner progress. I was just curious how you're delivering e learning today.

Speaker 4  08:00
So I'm, actually, I'm, I'm on a deadline. I don't really have time to talk, but I'm, I'm, I am curious to tie up, seen some of your emails, and I'm curious see what you're offering. Like, I don't have time to do a big, long demo, but at another time, or if you could send me something that I could watch a demo. We have an LMS. We have a we are, we are, what you described, very scattered and and I'm actually just starting to look at like an infrastructure roadmap for certification, certificate programs, LMS type activities, all that sort of thing. So I'm curious to talk to you, but I really don't have time right now, absolutely.

Speaker 3  08:45
Well, this call is out of the blue, so I don't expect you to be free at the moment. What about 2pm your time on Wednesday?

Unknown Speaker  08:53
2pm on Wednesday,

Unknown Speaker  08:54
that'll work. Hello.

Speaker 5  08:59
Hi, Lauren. My name is Amy. We have never spoken before, but I was on your website, and I was hoping that you might be able to help me out for a moment.

Unknown Speaker  09:08
All right, tell me what's going on. Awesome.

Speaker 5  09:12
Thank you. I appreciate it. Nothing like a little Friday call from somebody you don't know, right?

Unknown Speaker  09:17
Yeah. All right,

Speaker 5  09:21
well, I was just reaching out because I work with pervizia partners, and we work with a lot of different nonprofits, and actually even Austin a lighthouse, and we were we see that a lot of people in a position similar to yours are having to wrangle together two to three different tools, like spreadsheets, databases, paper, case files in order to be able to track their programs and services. If you don't mind me asking, how are you currently organizing your client data to track services? Is it a manual process that you have to manage, or is that an automated process that shows everything in one place? Um.

Speaker 6  10:00
And we we play around with a couple different things. We're very diverse organization. We have a lot of different things going on, and the needs of each department, each area vary like what they measure and what they're tracking. It's completely different from one area to another. So I'm definitely interested in what you're proposing. I was wondering if you could actually just send me an email, because actually, I'm about to hop on a meeting in 10 minutes. I'm trying to get prepared for it, but I was hoping maybe you can send me an email with a bunch of information, and then I can digest it, and then maybe we can talk a little bit more in detail about it, and I could kind of think about what we currently have in place, and what possibly you guys are offering here that could help us, because we actually, we did just go through every organization, and I am the Director of Project Management, I'm always interested in hearing new ways to streamline processes. And data collection and seeing productivity so

Speaker 5  11:08
sound like you felt the pains that we all have felt in the nonprofit space? Definitely, that is what motivates me every day, is to help take people from those places of the pain as I have, and help to navigate a way to make things easier and quicker, and just give you a more ability to manage stuff quickly and have better impact stories. So if you don't mind, I just love to make sure I've got the right email address for you. I can send some stuff over, and then I don't know if you got your calendar even open. If you there's a time that looks good for you next week, we can just pop something pop something on. I'll send you a calendar invite and try to make life easy for you on this Friday, perfect.

Speaker 6  11:48
Yes, let me just take a look. It looks like Wednesday actually kind of opened up for me.

Speaker 7  12:03
Yeah, Hey, Jack. This is Colin over at salescast. So we've actually never spoken before, but I was hoping you could help me out for a moment. Sure, yeah, Colin, again, here with salescast, what we do is we work with podcast hosts. And if you don't mind me asking, I'm curious, how do you manage your show today? Do you do everything on your own, or do you have an internal resource? Or do you use like an outsourced team?

Speaker 8  12:28
It's a combination of an outsourced team and some of it's done in house.

Unknown Speaker  12:34
Got it okay? And how's that working out for you?

Speaker 8  12:39
You know, it's new. So we had a full time in house marketing person, and we're just about to hire an outsource marketing company that's more of a virtual assistant that's going to do more of the administrative stuff.

Speaker 7  12:54
Yeah, have you ever considered using a specialized team, you know, that's 100% focused on podcasting along side with what you're currently doing.

Unknown Speaker  13:04
Do you do video editing, and we do

Speaker 7  13:07
video audio strategy, growth, monetization, so pretty much, you know, we're pretty obsessed with podcasting and helping you grow and monetize your shows. Is that something you'd be interested in learning a little bit more about, and say, the next week or two in a brief call, maybe.

Speaker 1  13:25
So my show is a video podcast where I have an editor,

Unknown Speaker  13:30
and I haven't found when I've talked with outsourced podcast shops that they have the video skills.

Speaker 7  13:41
Yeah, I mean, I'd be happy to show you some of the work that we've done and talk a little bit more about that. I'm calling you a bit out of the blue, but all of our shows leverage podcasting. I know some of the firms that maybe have been around a little longer kind of audio only shops. That's definitely not the case. And I'd be, you know, happy to have a brief conversation, talk a little bit about, you know, how we can maybe fit in with what you're doing today, if you're open to it.

Speaker 8  14:10
I don't really want to schedule anything, because I'm going to be traveling and speaking at several conferences over the next month. Yeah, I think that the main thing before I would meet with you would be to see some of the videos you've edited. Yeah, that would be the that would be a key thing for me.

Speaker 7  14:29
Yeah. I mean, I can definitely send you over some examples, right? But everything's going to be a little bit unique to you know, the hosts taste and what they like. Can you tell me a little bit more about, like, what you're looking for in the creative for the videos?

Unknown Speaker  14:45
Yeah, if you check out my YouTube channel, youtube.com/ramblin, Jackson,

Speaker 8  14:51
the videos I've been posting recently have have got the look in the field.

Speaker 7  14:57
Why don't we do this? If you're open? Do it, if we, if you're open to it, we can put something on the calendar. I won't take a ton of your time in between. Now and then, I'll look at your YouTube channel, you know, tell you, you know, hey, this is something we can do or not. If, for whatever reason, he doesn't feel like a good fit, we could always cancel that meeting. Yes, okay. Is the week of the 24/24 or 31st better for you.

Speaker 9  15:29
Hello. This is Miller. Hi, Miller. This is Paige may here. We've actually never spoken, and I know you're probably right in the middle of something, but I was hoping you could help me out for just a second. Great. Thank you. I'm with Cru, and we've been doing some work with similar companies, and I came across your name. Are you still involved with the sustainability strategy there? Yes, oh, great. I'm glad to hear I got the right person. So if you don't mind me asking, how are you benchmarking your emissions across the raw data suppliers to that or raw material suppliers. Today, are you relying on sustainability reports or using a lifecycle assessment tool, or is it more of an automated process to show those high and low carbon suppliers?

Speaker 10  16:16
So first of all, let me just say we are just getting started as an organization. We're just getting started in that in that direction, and we are in talks with a couple of vendors to help us out and get get our benchmarking and life cycle analysis and EPDs and all of that. So right now, continually, we are planning to use Spira.

Unknown Speaker  16:47
You're planning to use what Spira. Okay, what? What Spira?

Speaker 10  16:58
So Spira is the organization which does consulting, and they have their own life cycle analysis software.

Speaker 9  17:07
Oh, okay, perfect. You know, it sounds like y'all are starting to get things figured out and figuring out what you're needing to do there. Have you considered using an automated process alongside Vera that shows high on the low carbon emitter.

Speaker 10  17:24
Well, you have to explain me a little more.

Speaker 9  17:29
Okay, so you know how frustrating it can be. You know, when you're trying to get credible information from third party suppliers for reports, and you know maybe you're having to cobble together data from multiple sources. With Cru what we've done is you can click a button and see both the high and low carbon emitting suppliers on a single screen and easily download that benchmarking data to include in your reports. So I know that you know you kind of got another vendor that you're looking at right now, but would you be open to investing 15 to 20 minutes later this week? So we can show you what other companies are doing in this space, so you can stay ahead of the curve. Sure. Wonderful. Would Thursday or Friday of this week work for you tomorrow? What time? How about two o'clock? 2pm Yeah, it's open. Okay, perfect. I will plan to get that meeting set up for you and speak with you at two o'clock tomorrow. All right, what is your email address?

Speaker 5  18:32
Hey, this is Heidi. How's your Friday going?

Speaker 11  18:40
Pretty good. Are you doing? Well? Thanks. Not sure if you had a moment, but I had a few questions. Is this a good time? Sure, very cool. See that you had up insights and analytics, and I'm definitely a big fan of it a lot, unfortunately, me or unfortunately.

Speaker 11  19:09
But I know you guys have an online chat with like, wine experts, that type of a thing. Do you look at analytics for those conversations at all or not? Really? I

Speaker 12  19:28
a little bit, I'd say we're sort of in the process of getting those learnings down that we use Zendesk, so kind of downloading that data out of Zendesk and combining it with our internal data. So that's sort of an ongoing process. I'd say,

Speaker 11  19:55
totally Well, we actually created something to help you out. With that and have like a dashboard in one place. We're kind of trying to get some feedback from people in the US. It's pretty popular in Europe already, so I was wondering if that's something you might want to check out, not a pressure situation, but just see how it works for the future.

Speaker 11  20:21
Sure. I'll send you an invite for meeting with Michael. Okay, cool. Is there anything that you'd like me to tell them that you want to see specifically, like, are there certain numbers and metrics that you're looking for so that we can make the most out of your time?

Speaker 12  20:41
I would say what we're probably most interested in is thinking about like the lifetime value of customers who interact with the chat and those versus those who don't like you know, our our chat is, we have customer service, but then we also have a recommendations chat. So they're people who are wine experts that are there to help you, non non commission. So it's really obviously, you know, we want them to help people find wine, but yeah, like a sales person, so just, you know that interaction.

Speaker 11  21:29
Yeah, absolutely. Okay, cool. Well, we have a few cool things with that too. If you ever don't have somebody that's available, we actually have, like, product experts that can jump in to give you full coverage. So I can make sure Michael tells you about how about how that would work, and what metrics like you'd be looking at, and what the suite looks like. Anybody else that would maybe want to be on the call that would feel left out or

Unknown Speaker  22:01
No, I think it's it's fine to use me for now. Okay,

Speaker 11  22:05
well, appreciate your time. Hope you have a really great weekend, and I'll let Michael know what you were looking to see, and we look forward to speaking with you. Cool. All right, thanks. All right. Thanks a lot.

Unknown Speaker  22:16
Hello. Ask who's calling?

Speaker 13  22:18
Yeah, it's Ronan, and this is a cold call. Want to roll the dice.

Speaker 14  22:25
I appreciate you letting me know I'm actually on a conference call, but I really appreciate transparency, so go ahead.

Speaker 13  22:33
Okay, well, I appreciate it. Are you already using a ticketing tool like Zendesk or Salesforce today for support? I am, I am, do you have any way, and this isn't a gotcha, but do you have any way of knowing which customers left feeling the most frustrated out of all the interactions this week?

Speaker 14  22:51
Good question. I think I do, maybe not directly, but if I piece together some data from an AI tool I'm using, I might

Speaker 13  23:04
Oh, okay, cool. In short, what we're doing at stylo, and the reason for my call was to see if you were curious to learn more about how we track sentiment in real time, things like frustration, urgency from any customer interaction. That way, you can get a sense of where the fires might be burning before they actually get put on your desk,

Unknown Speaker  23:24
and how is that measured? Great

Speaker 13  23:26
question. In short, what we're doing is we're using natural language processing to first, tag and categorize all of your interactions for you, so you don't have to have your agents do it or rely on the accuracy of that. And then second, we layer sentiment analysis on top of it, based off of the model that we've built, which requires no training, works from day one.

Speaker 14  23:46
So that's interesting. Is this similar to Gong, where Gong would be used more so on the sales side? Is it similar to that

Speaker 13  23:52
kind of Yeah, but really focused on customer support, sort of a sort of a health score, but for support and for very functional purpose, to reduce costs of support and try to prevent support related churn.

Speaker 14  24:06
Okay, well, you have my attention, and I really appreciate your transparency, so I'd love to learn more. Do you think I could get a demo I am trying to reach.

Speaker 15  24:15
Amy, this is Amy, hi. Amy, you're probably going to hate me because this is a cold call. Do do you want to hang up? Or can I ask you a question?

Speaker 4  24:27
No, that was probably the best introduction there.

Unknown Speaker  24:33
Does that usually work?

Speaker 15  24:36
If I'm being honest, it works maybe a quarter of the time. And I, if I'm being even more honest, I was probably the best reaction I've gotten from it.

Unknown Speaker  24:48
Oh, never heard it before, but I see why it would work.

Speaker 16  24:55
Okay, I just received a killer cold call from a real estate agent. Let me walk you through the talk track and how you can apply it to your prospects. So my phone rings, I pick up, and the opening line was this, Hey, Josh, I'm calling about the property on Marbella drive. Do you still own it? And I said, I do. And then he said, my name is Matt. I'm an agent in your area, and as you probably know, there's a lot of demand for homes just like yours. I don't suppose you're looking to sell it anytime soon. So Chris Voss calls this a no orientated question. He's not trying to get me to say yes, which can sometimes create resistance. So I said, Well, I'm not looking to sell it at all anytime soon, which I would imagine happens most of the time when he's calling people, just like when you're calling people for software because they're not in buy mode. But the second part of His call was even more brilliant than the first part. He said this, it sounds like that's your forever home, and my desire to correct automatically kicked in, because I don't want to be here my whole life. It's not my forever home. So I corrected him. I go, Well, it's not my forever home. I do want to get out of here in a couple years. And then we had some chit chat about the places that I might want to move to. And then check out how he closed the call sounds like the timing isn't right. Hey, Josh, before we hang up, occasionally, I send out emails with the property values in your neighborhood so you can see what the comps are. Would it be okay if I added you to that list? And I said, Sure, because it was a low friction ask. And now the agent has my email address, and I would imagine from time to time he's going to be sending me emails, so when I am ready to move, he's going to be top of mind, and I'm going to call him. But we don't have a tendency to do this in software sales when the timing isn't right, but we should. We can simply say something like this, let's imagine that you're selling a podcast editing service, you're a podcast production company, and the timing isn't right. You can say, Hey, Josh, occasionally I send that on email for companies that are looking to sponsor sales podcasts, would it be okay if I added you to that list? And I would say, Sure, and when I'm looking for a podcast editing service, I will think of that sales person. The takeaway here is this, the fortune is in the follow up, but only if you don't mess it up. See if you can't figure out a way to stay top of mind with your prospects when they're not ready to buy now. So last week, I shot a video about a real estate agent that cold called me and managed to keep me on the phone for about four or five minutes start a relationship with me. So by the time I'm ready to buy a home, I will probably think of him. And Graham made a comment asking if this framework could be applied to another industry. So I wanted to shoot a little video to show you how that might work. If you haven't seen the original video for the real estate agent, it's down below. So here's how it might sound for, let's say, someone selling a podcast production service. So Ring, ring, ring. I pick up the phone and the sales person says, Hey, Josh. My name is Matt with acne productions. I'm calling about the inside selling podcast. Are you still involved with producing that, or is that handled by someone else? And I would say, Well, yeah, I produce that. And then he might say, are you doing that yourself, or are you working with a outside production company? And I would say, I'm doing it myself. Salesperson would say, you've probably considered working with a production company. I mean, you've got over 150 episodes after all. And I might say I have, but it's not a fit for me, because I only do two to three minute episodes, and it's not really that time consuming, to which the salesperson might say, looks like you're never going to do long form podcasts. And then I might say, well, I don't know about never, and then the salesperson has now created an opening where he could simply say this, I know the timing is off, Josh, but sometimes I send these emails out with companies that are looking to sponsor sales podcasts. If you'd like, I can add you to the list. And if you ever think about long form content on your podcast, perhaps we could talk again. Would it be okay if I added you to the list? I would say okay to that. So you could take this framework, and I'm pretty sure you can apply it to any prospect or industry. Let me know what you think. So I just got a cold call from connect and sell. Let me tell you how it went down, and some suggestions for how it could have been improved. So phone rings, I pick it up, and the sales person says, Hey, Josh. My name is Matt from connect and sell. I know I'm an interruption, but can I have 27 seconds to tell you why I called? I said, Sure. And then the salesperson went into his pitch, and I'm going to paraphrase a little bit, but this was the gist of it. We've discovered a breakthrough in generating revenue using the phone that enables leaders like you to have conversations like the one I'm having now. The reason for my call is to share this breakthrough with you. Do you have your calendar? Already, to which I said, I don't make outbound calls. And the salesperson said, you don't make outbound calls. How do you generate business? And I said, my business is primarily generated via inbound I create content on LinkedIn and podcasts to generate business. And then the salesperson said, Oh, then it looks like it's not a fit, and then the call was over. So here's the thing, the benefits only matter if they matter to the prospect. So let's flip the call a little bit, and instead of pitching, let's switch to inquiring. Here's what that might sound like. So same permission based opener, but instead of going into the pitch, the salesperson could simply say, Hey, Josh, are you using the phone for outbound sales today, or is it mostly inbound? And I would have said, I don't use the phone at all for outbound. It's all inbound. And then the salesperson could say, it looks like you're a trainer. Do you work with teams that use the phone for outbound, and I would have said, I do. And then the salesperson could have said, Are you familiar with Connect and sell? And I would have said I am. And then the salesperson could have said, well, what do you know about us? And then we could have had a dialog. And perhaps there's an opportunity to introduce my clients to connect and sell. The takeaway here is simple, you'll get much more further in conversations if you come from a place of asking than you ever will by coming from a place of telling. So I received a very good cold call today. Let me walk you through it. I'm going to paraphrase it a little bit. Unfortunately, I didn't record it, and it's been a few hours since it happened, so the details are a little foggy, but let me walk you through it, and hopefully this will hopefully this will help you start more conversations with people you want to get in front of. So my phone rings. I pick it up. I say, Hi, this is Josh. Salesperson says, Hey, this is Ben. I'm calling with I think it was optimum or optimity, optimi optimize. I can't exactly remember the name of the company, but he said, Hey, I know you weren't expecting my call, but I was on your website, and was hoping I could ask you a quick question. That question immediately drew me in for a couple reasons. One, he said, I was on your website, so I'm thinking, What are you doing on my website? And then he was like, Can I ask you a question about your website? And it made me curious, so I said, Sure. And then he asked me such an amazing question. He didn't go into a pitch. He didn't say something like, we've discovered a breakthrough in optimizing shopping carts, and the reason that I'm calling is to share this breakthrough with you. Do you have your calendar handy? He didn't do that at all. Instead, he asked me this question, and again, I'm going to paraphrase it, but it sounded something like this. So Josh, I was on the checkout pages for your courses like poke the bear the badass guide, and even your tongue tied on Gumroad, and I noticed that you don't have any tracking pixels installed, and was wondering how you're going about recovering people that were in the shopping cart, but they abandoned before they purchased and I paused for a second because I couldn't easily answer the question. I wasn't exactly sure that I was doing anything. In fact, I know I'm not doing anything. I didn't exactly even understand what he was talking about. But then he educated me a little bit on what they do. And it turns out it wasn't a fit for a couple reasons. One, I don't have enough traffic coming to my site to justify the solution. And two, I'm not really interested in squeezing every last dollar out of people with retargeting emails, so I just didn't have an appetite for it. But it was a great example of how you can use a good question to open up the conversation. The takeaway here is simple, you will open up way more conversations when you come from a place of inquiring than you ever will by coming from a place of pitching. And what happened? How long has it been since you've heard from him? Four months. Four months. What were you gonna help him with?

Unknown Speaker  33:54
They were actually going to implement our service, our core service.

Speaker 16  33:57
And his name is Andy. His name is Andy. What's the number six to six, run speaker,

Speaker 16  34:11
queue up your calls. Hello. This is Andy. Hey, Andy. My name is Josh. We've never spoken before, but I was hoping I could speak with you for a minute and a half, would that be okay? Andy, sure. What are you calling about? Thank you so much. I'm actually just calling to apologize on behalf of gaggle. I'm new in the sales organization, leading the team, and it looks like we had a conversation with you a while back, and it looks like we may have dropped the ball at implementation. I am not calling to move things forward at all. I'm just calling to see if you might be open to sharing some feedback so that we could perhaps better address your needs going forward. Is that something you'd be open to talking to me a little bit about?

Unknown Speaker  34:51
Andy, yeah, that's fine. What kind of

Speaker 16  34:54
feedback do you want? Yes, it looks like we may have dropped the ball because we were trying to help you with implementation. But looks like we may have dropped the ball because we never went through with implementation. So I'm just wondering what we could have possibly have done better, or maybe some of the needs changed, just trying to get some insights there so we could hopefully serve you better in the future.

Unknown Speaker  35:12
Okay, what? What kind of business are you guys?

Speaker 16  35:15
So we are gaggle. What we do in one sentence is we help schools have more security around things like school violence and things like security threats, and protecting them against those threats. Looks like you had expressed some interest in that a while back and was just calling to see maybe priorities have changed, or maybe it's not something you're interested in, or perhaps you'd like to, you know, start the conversation again. Up to you.

Speaker 17  35:40
Okay, yeah, I mean, I looked at it, I'm having to kind of formulate everything into my five year or three year plan now, because we didn't have the one time money we thought we would have. So, you know, I know when I first looked at it, it was, it was anticipation of getting that work time money and having somebody to take in this project, but now I'll be, I will be presenting my three year plan next week, so it's not bad timing.

Speaker 16  36:13
Thank you so much for sharing that you know. Would it make sense to schedule some time just so we can better understand that and maybe continue the conversation? Help you along a little bit, maybe like next Thursday, like around three o'clock or so. Would that work for you?

Unknown Speaker  36:25
That would be fine. After I present, after I present, next Tuesday.

Speaker 16  36:30
Okay, sounds good. I'll send you out an invite, man, and I really, I really appreciate you being so candid. Man, thank you so much. Have a good one.

Speaker 18  36:42
I so look

Speaker 16  36:54
that was not staged as a live call. And what did you What did you notice about the tonality? What'd you notice about the script? What you notice about it? Let's go to Jody.

Speaker 19  37:04
Yeah, I think you took him off of his like, yeah, all right, I'll talk to you, because you said a minute and a half, and then when you apologize, I think it caught him off guard, right? So they're all, they're prepared to be like, shut down the vendor. Shut down the vendor. First of all, I can't believe he answered. Like, what did your phone say?

Speaker 16  37:23
What did Jody say? Never remember that word. We don't want that word never, because it affects, it affects our rarely, but he picked up.

Speaker 19  37:33
But he picked up, yeah, and then you just completely took him out of his expectation of where it was going to go,

Speaker 16  37:39
not trying to sell him anything. I'm trying to understand, right? But you

Speaker 20  37:42
made that clear too by saying I'm not going to try to move you forward here, it almost lets their guard down. They go, all right, I'm willing to listen to this because they're used to the opposite,

Speaker 16  37:51
that by falling on the sword and to have intent to understand, not to get the sale. So I have pure intent. What I mean by pure intent is I'm not doing this as a trick to get a sale. I'm doing this to understand the prospect, and if the prospect doesn't want to move forward right now, that's okay with me, because I have an abundance mindset. There's 50 other calls like this I can make tomorrow where it's going to go wrong is if you try to use this as a tactic to get a sale, because people will smell your commission breath. They'll smell it because your intent will not be pure. Hi. My name is Josh Braun. We had a brief text exchange earlier this morning. You asked me to give you a call. Is now a better time? I'm a consultant at in it looks like you reviewed a product of theirs called, I am not calling to move anything forward. I was just wondering if you'd be open to sharing some feedback so they could better serve you in the future. It looks like the price might have been too high.

Unknown Speaker  39:00
Not really software or something.

Speaker 16  39:04
Yeah, the name of the software was called, yeah, sorry. Let me step back. The name of the software was called. It is a dashboard to give you visibility into your innovation process, specifically how you prioritize projects. Yeah?

Speaker 21  39:20
Well, frankly speaking, I didn't, I think, I think that we recall those topics, but I didn't go deep on it, into it. We had a lot of, you know, busy stuff and busy work to do. And as you know, the only issue is the time. Yeah, so have a look, of course, the price. But if you can just recently any information via email, then I can look at it. Would be really better, because I'm speaking over the phone. I may not be fully aware about what we're talking about. I think my email would be much, much way better, if that's okay for you.

Speaker 16  39:50
Yeah, it's, it sounds like you're looking for some specific information. Bill, I want to make sure that I best get you what you need do.

Speaker 21  40:00
Well, for prioritization, that's really, that's really the point, if we can have something regarding this point specifically,

Speaker 16  40:07
okay, what are you currently, if you don't mind me asking, What are you currently using to be able to sort of give you visibility into your organization's innovation process so you're actually able to prioritize your projects. Are you using, like a Excel or PowerPoint or how are you going about this today?

Speaker 21  40:23
It's really Excel PowerPoint exactly that we have no specific software tool for using this. It's managed at the board level. Yeah, we do. And then either by region or by central point of view. And it's really by Excel or Excel or PowerPoint site. No specific little tool, really, to help the team to do this.

Speaker 16  40:45
You know, you've been doing this for a long time. I did a little research on you. It sounds like, it sounds like you've really been able to get the job done with those tools. It sounds like those are working out really well for you.

Speaker 21  40:58
I well, you know, we, always look for better tools to use that, but we are still struggling at this topic suspect, where we didn't solve all the issues for the prioritization yet, not yet. And when

Speaker 16  41:10
you say you didn't solve all the issues, what sort of issues are sort of top of mind for you in that regards, and thank you for being so transparent here. No, that's okay.

Speaker 21  41:19
The first issue. The first issue I can recall in here is the criteria for prioritization, and we couldn't get we have some, of course, some criteria for all the topics to be prioritized or the project, but it's not really standardized throughout all the organization yet. Yeah, I'm

Speaker 16  41:38
sorry when you say it's not standardized. Can you tell me a little bit more about that?

Speaker 21  41:42
Bit more about that? We define some kind of criteria, such as attractiveness, such as the complexity, as you know, it's like the standard stuff. But still, we didn't succeed on putting the criteria standards used by all the stakeholders, and they all the team. And sorry, I can give you more than this, because, you know, it's like, you know, did you dive more into the our inner kitchen? So I can just give some, some few details, no more than this.

Speaker 16  42:12
Yeah, no, I know I'm calling out of the blue here, and I know you have a lot going on. These are exactly the type of issues that they solve for companies all the time. Would it make sense for you to take a look and see how this is being solved for other companies, just so you can review what your options are, maybe sometime over the next couple weeks? Would it be worth investing like 30 minutes of your time?

Speaker 21  42:34
Of course, no problem at all. Yes. That's why I was saying, baby. If you can send me again more details via email, and you have a email, right?

Speaker 16  42:42
Okay, no problem. So, and I just one last thing. Would it? Would it make sense to just so we don't have to play phone tag? Would it make sense to tentatively put something on the calendar a week or two out once you've had an opportunity to review the information, then we can actually show you some stuff, maybe, like, maybe later next week, next week I

Speaker 21  43:03
wouldn't be able next week. I'm already fully booked. Can it be something starting from the

Speaker 22  43:09
10th of July? Hello. Hey, Grant. Justin, Michael, I'm an advisor for cloud task. Are you in charge of sales development over there?

Speaker 23  43:18
No, but I mean, it's 630 at night. I don't want calls right now, especially not three times in a row.

Speaker 22  43:26
Okay, I'm sorry for the late fall mission the west coast. So something, probably this number, somehow flew into my my dialer. I apologize for that.

Speaker 23  43:34
Yeah, now I'm in Texas, so it's not that late. So it's not like, No, I get, like, 17 note, like, not even I don't mind sales calls. Honestly, I mind, like, I don't I might get I run a sales team, so,

Speaker 16  43:50
like, I got a cold call today from a salesperson, and he asked a question that made me scratch my head and think, I'm not sure it was so good that I want to share it with you for context. He was selling a podcast editing service. I told him it wasn't a fit for me because my podcast episodes are only a couple minutes long and it doesn't take long for me to edit them. And he paused for a second, and he leaned back, and he simply said, This sounds like you have it covered. And I said, I do. And then he asked this question, are there any circumstances that would cause you to consider outsourcing podcast production? And I paused for a second, and I said, Well, I guess if I start to go to long form podcasts and I can't keep up with editing them, that would maybe be a reason I would look at it. And he goes, got it. Hey, in the interim, I send out emails from time to time about companies that are looking to sponsor sales podcasts. If you'd like, I can add you to the list. And I said, Sure, and now he's going to stay top of mind. So if I ever need to outsource podcast production, I'm calling that guy. There's a good lesson here. People buy on their timeline. Yours, your solution has no value without a problem. And finally, more importantly, it's not your job to fill your prospect's head with information. Your job is to draw it out. Don't fight the resistance. Join the Resistance. Watch me make a cold call. Here we go.

Unknown Speaker  45:21
Lo, who is this?

Speaker 16  45:23
Hey, Anna. My name is Josh Braun. We have never spoken before, but I was on your LinkedIn profile and was hoping you could help me out for a moment,

Speaker 24  45:34
Josh, I'm right in the middle of something here. I don't know how you got my number, but make it quick, sure.

Speaker 16  45:40
So in working with over 5000 sales teams, we're seeing that reps are typically using tools like LinkedIn or websites in order to find leads. How are you guys going about identifying people to reach out to today? Are you using tools like that?

Speaker 24  46:00
We have a standard set of tools we use. Are you trying to sell something here? Josh, I have to get back to my meeting.

Speaker 16  46:07
Yeah, so my apologies if I came across as trying to sell you something. I don't even know if this is something that you're bumping into, but what we typically see in working with sales teams is that they are finding leads, but it's taking them a lot of time to find them, because it's a bit of a manual process, which takes away the time they're spending on the phone. How are you dealing with the time intensive process of being able to find the right people within accounts today?

Speaker 24  46:34
Well, isn't that the million dollar question? Josh, finding the right people always takes time, but you know what? We've got it pretty much under control with our current system. Current systems. I am curious, though, what exactly are you trying to propose? Let's cut to the chase

Speaker 16  46:48
in one sentence, what we enable reps to do that they currently can't do is be able to find the right people faster, so that they spend more time on the phones having conversations with prospects. For that reason, does it make sense for you to carve out some time over the next couple of weeks, just so you can see what's out there

Speaker 24  47:09
next couple of weeks? Josh, I've got back to back meetings lined up every day, plus deadlines on top of that. If your tool is really as good as you say it is, tell me more about it now. Let's not chew the fat. Sure.

Speaker 16  47:21
So in one sentence, what the tool enables reps to do is find the exact people that they want to reach out to and half the time so they can spend more time on the phone. I know you're tied up for the next couple of weeks, but would it make sense to carve out some time eventually so you could see what's out there, just so you can have it in your back pocket?

Speaker 24  47:41
All right, Josh, I got to say you're a persistent one. Look. I might have a spot open next Tuesday. Let's take it from there. But understand this. If this is some basic extension of LinkedIn that doesn't bring value given our unique needs, that call will be short. Got it

Speaker 16  47:57
sounds good. And Anna, is there anybody else you'd like to invite, or just you for now,

Speaker 24  48:02
just me for now, Josh, I'll decide if it's relevant to bring in anyone else later.

Unknown Speaker  48:07
Goodbye. Okay, what's your email address?

Speaker 24  48:11
Send it to a Bowen at innovative leaders.com and Josh, make sure this is worth my time. I've got plenty on my plate already.

Speaker 16  48:18
Will do and Anna, would you like me to send you a little text message before as a reminder? Some people like me to do that. Some people don't

Unknown Speaker  48:26
just send it to my email. Josh, keep it simple.

Speaker 16  48:30
Okay, we'll do it. Thanks so much for your time. She was rough. I wanted to provide a little feedback on this cold call by Andrew Kleiman. He helps real estate agents market themselves on social media. Let's roll the call.

Speaker 25  48:43
Hello, Nancy. Yes, Nancy, it is andrell Kleiman and I am an absolute stranger. So don't rack your brain trying to figure it out. I don't know you. You don't know me, a complete stranger. Here. Are you able to talk for a brief moment? I have about a minute. Oh, beautiful. That's all I need.

Speaker 16  49:05
Great tone, honest. She leans forward,

Speaker 25  49:09
Okay, wonderful. Look. I was online, and I was doing some research for another realtor in Tucson, and I actually came across your name. So I wanted to find out, are you still doing real estate? Are you doing as a hobby? Are you doing it as a career?

Speaker 16  49:24
I'm doing it full time. Another great question, why he's providing her with some context, why am I calling you versus anybody else, and then he's seeing if she's a fit?

Speaker 25  49:33
You're doing it full time. Okay, wonderful. I know that you said I had a minute, so I don't want to be disrespectful, but I do do marketing for realtors. I help you guys with web, social and more. And my quick question was, Do you have any personal interest in improving your web presence for the future? Because I know it's like really, really, really hot market out there. You guys are doing very well, and I just wanted to see if I could get some time with you another day and let you. Interview me. You're the boss. I'm just applying for the job and just interview me and see what I have to offer. But I really feel like there's an asset in me helping you.

Speaker 16  50:09
Okay, what's he doing here? He is pitching a solution without identifying if there's a problem. No matter what you sell, your prospect is getting the job done today. So listen to how she responds.

Speaker 26  50:23
First of all, I like your style nice, because I haven't hung up on you yet. So awesome. Second of all, I have a really good friend who is doing the same thing, who is trying to get me to do the same thing, and so I just started working with her. We've just started a business Facebook page, doing a few things. And so honestly, I'll work with I know I need some help, and so I'll be working with her, though this

Speaker 16  50:50
is hard. Okay, so we should expect that our prospect has someone in place, will make the call. So one of the first questions we want to ask from the jump is this, are you working with someone already on your social media marketing, you know, stuff like Facebook and Instagram, Shut the front door. Yes, I'm working with X, Y and Z. I'm working with my friend. And then you can understand that a little bit more. Sounds like that's been working out well for you. Sounds like you're checking the boxes. Sounds like you have this covered. And let her talk and feel understood. Let's keep going, breaking.

Speaker 25  51:22
I'm actually crying right now. I'm Nancy, you know, unfortunately, I was taught a long time ago that I got to get at least 20 notes we're only on no one right now. Okay,

Speaker 16  51:41
that is the traditional sales mentality, right? I'm attached to the outcome. I don't take no for an answer. I got to get 20 no's. There is some truth to that. When your intent is to book a meeting with everyone, this is kind of what you do. You go right back into pitch mode. Here he goes,

Speaker 25  51:57
Look, look, here's the deal. I'm a I'm a good team player, right? I used to play football for years. I grew up here in San Diego. Most of my friends played professional football. My good friend, Leroy Glover is actually getting introducted into the Hall of Fame. You probably know a lot of my friends. You know Marsha fall No, I don't. Okay, you're not a football buff. Okay, fine. Whatever. Bottom line is, I'm all about teamwork. If you have someone that is going to participate in helping you grow your life and your business, first of all congratulations, because Realtors worked so hard, and I know that you guys put a lot of time and energy into just learning new tools and new technology. So cheers to you for even taking a leap of faith, paying her to do that. How much are you? Are you paying her just is this like 1500 a month? Is this 2000 how much you got to pay to make her do all this stuff for you?

Speaker 16  52:46
Okay, a lot of telling there, when you're explaining, you're losing because you are coming from a place of telling people things without identifying a problem, you're also asking a question that's a little personal. It's almost like if a financial advisor said at the jump, tell me about your five year plan. Tell me about your biggest problems with your portfolio. It's a little forward for the first encounter. Let's keep going.

Speaker 26  53:12
Well, in addition to her, I also have a coach. I am well ingrained in the I need help.

Speaker 25  53:20
Okay, rewind. How much are you paying this coach? Because I know what coaches charge. I travel quite a bit around the country. The last coach I met was charging $6,000

Speaker 16  53:35
quick little sidebar here, instead of judging, try understanding that might sound like this sounds like you're really committed to professional growth. You're a lifelong learner. Why everyone has a desire to feel heard and understood. All right, let's get back into the call.

Speaker 26  53:49
My coach isn't quite that expensive, but you know what, my time is truly up. I have a client watching, okay, and I've gotta go, but I like your style. I think you're gonna do fine. And here's your No, I'm

Speaker 16  54:01
sorry, okay, okay. So what would I recommend, after you ask, are you using someone for your social she says, Yes, you riff off that a little bit. Sounds like you have it covered. I'm gonna go right into the problem that might sound like this. I often see that agents are spending anywhere from 1500 to 2000 a month running ads on platforms like Facebook or Instagram for like three to four months before they realize they're not generating any business? Have you gotten any clients from social or has it mostly been people who don't meet your criteria and then Shut the front door and listen? I don't know if that problem is going to resonate with her, but that is a problem. The big takeaway is this, move off the solution. Move into the problem. Your solution has no value without a problem.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai