Speaker 1  00:00
When I managed a team of SDRs, I knew immediately which ones were going to succeed and which ones weren't. Let me tell you how, during one on ones, if an SDR fell a little short, I would say, hey, looks like last week was a little rough. What happened? And responses to that question fell into two buckets, SDRs that blamed and SDRs that took responsibility. Blamers sounded like this. I didn't get enough training. I didn't get enough inbound leads. My territory isn't as good as John's. SDRs that took responsibility said things like this, I need to work on being more strategic about who I call. I kind of rushed through the list last week. I need to work on my tonality. I listened to my calls and I sounded a little fast. I need to work on my messaging, because it's not resonating with the people that I'm calling. You probably guessed the punch line already. SDRs that took responsibility succeeded. The ones who blamed didn't every single time. Why is that? It's because when you blame you're powerless, you subconsciously tell your mind, well, there's nothing I can do about it, and therefore you're powerless. But if you take responsibility, you're powerful because you can do something about it. You can actually work on your lists. You can work on your tonality. You can work on your messaging. When things don't go well in sales, you have a choice too. You can blame or you can take responsibility. It's a choice. Choose wisely. Okay, I'm going to ask you a question. You answer it without even thinking about it. The first thing that comes to your mind, here's the scenario, you make a cold call, and right after your opening line, the prospect says, Send me an email. What do you say? All right, that's about all the time you have. I asked this question on LinkedIn a few months ago, and 421 people responded, and responses fell into two buckets. Bucket number one was a pressure based response. The salesperson was trying to overcome this objection, to move the sale forward. That sounds like this. Sure I can send you an email. The email comes with me. Let's put some time on the calendar. How's Thursday at two? Feel that that's a pressure based response, trying to move things forward. The second bucket was a non pressure based response, so responses that weren't trying to move anything forward. So let me test you on this. I'm going to share with you some responses from sales people. You read the response and write down if you think it's a pressure based or no pressure based response, and why? Let's go through the first one right now. Here's the first one.

Speaker 1  02:51
If you said pressure based, you're correct. What's the tell? The tell is the phrase, let's set aside 15 minutes. The reason that's the tell, and the reason that's creates pressure is that you're assuming that the prospect wants to meet. And when you assume, you create pressure, it's like saying, Do you want to meet Thursday or Friday? And the prospect hasn't even agreed that they're interested. Yet, assumptive language creates pressure. Great job. If you got that one, here's the next one.

Speaker 1  03:39
What do you think pressure or no pressure? If you said pressure, you're correct. And what's the tell? The tell is, how's 2pm look, the tell is, let's set up some time. Why is that the tell? Because it's assumptive. You can also feel the salesperson trying to talk the prospect into something. It's hard to take in and understand unless there's someone there showing you what to do. When people feel like you're trying to talk them into something, it creates pressure. Nobody likes being talked into something. Your Prospects don't like it. You don't like it. Nobody likes it. So if you got that one great job, here's the next one.

Speaker 1  04:36
Pressure, or no. Pressure. Again, pressure, what's the tell? Well, one of the phrases, that's the tell, is the phrase I'd love to. I call this a case of the I'd love to. Of course you'd love to, you want to make a sale, and again, it's assumptive to try to push for a demo. All right, what about this one? You.

Unknown Speaker  05:03
A pressure or no pressure. What's the difference between this one and the ones you've already seen?

Speaker 1  05:10
The difference is we're not being assumptive, and we're allowing the prospect to be in control, rather than pushing our agenda. And it turns out, when you give people the freedom to choose, you lower resistance. When you take someone's autonomy away and you don't give them the freedom to choose, you create resistance. Tell a teenager you must not smoke, and they will smoke even more. So this response is allowing the prospect to have a choice as to whether or not they should even get an email, and when you give people choices again, it lowers resistance. When you're assumptive, you create resistance. So good job if you got that one. If you had to take a guess between the 200 plus responses, what percentage of sales people responded in a pressure based way versus a non pressure based way. How would you say those percentages break out? I'll give you a second here to think about it. I was kind of a little surprised. 91 9% what's causing the pressure? Well, quota, of course, you guys are compensated to close deals and to book meetings, and because of that, you have commission breath prospects can feel when you're putting your best interests first, and when they feel the pressure, they pull away. When people feel like they're being talked into something they want out of something, the problem is the sales process. What we've been taught is to get people from A to B as quickly as possible. So we've been taught what we've been taught how to persuade. We read books on persuasion. Robert Cialdini, the art of influence. There is a time and a place for persuasion, but it's not the first step on a cold call. The first step on a cold call, which I'm going to repeat a few times, isn't to persuade. It's to reduce the prospect's fear of you, the fear that the prospect is going to get talked into something. It's to lower the zone of resistance, not to persuade. The sales process is a straight line, but the buying process looks like this, and the pressure is created when the sales person moves faster than the prospect. It's when they feel the pressure. I'll actually prove it to you. Imagine for a second that you're in the mall and you're taking a walk and a mall kiosk person locks eyes with you and says, Can I ask you a question? How do you think most people respond to that? Most people pick up the pace and run away. Why? Because they know if they answer the question, they're going to get sea scrubbed, rubbed on their hands and get sold some sea scrub they probably don't want. They actually pick up the pace. Why? Because pressure creates a fight, fight, rather or flight response. Pressure is perceived as a threat. It's biological. That's why you see people literally picking up the pace in a mall when kiosks people are approaching them, it's this, what I call the zone of resistance. It's a natural reaction to sales pressure. We see this in cold calls all the time. A salesperson will say something like this on a cold call. We're a brand templating platform that empowers B to B companies to create sales materials quickly. I'm calling to see if we can help your company feel the push there the pitch and again, pitches create sales resistance. Prospect says your price is too high. The traditional sales approach is I better overcome that objection by saying something like this. I understand how you feel. Most people felt that way, but what they found was x, never in the history of listening to calls have I heard a prospect say, You know what, you're right, your price isn't too high. In fact, what they do most of the time when they hear the push is they try to get off the call as quickly as possible. Because, again, pressure is perceived as a threat, and threats trigger the fight or flight mechanism. Again, it's biological. Prospect says we have a vendor for that. The traditional sales approach is, oh, that's an objection. I better overcome it. I better try to change the prospect's mind by saying this, I just want to show you what's new. Many customers were using another vendor when I reached out, but what they found was x, are you available at three or four? Of course, you just want to show me you've got commission. Breath or this one, send me an email. The email comes with me. I just want to open the dial. Dialog. Of course, you just want to open the dialog. You want to sell. We don't have budget. Better talk them into it. I understand how you feel. Most people didn't have a budget, but what they found is we were able to build a business case. Do you have your calendar handy? Do you feel the push there? You can kind of sense it, right? It kind of in your bones. And again, pressure creates resistance. The traditional way to deal with resistance is to fight it back even more, right? We've got these rebuttal books where we're basically trying to turn things around. When you're trying to change people's minds, they don't like it very much. You don't like it very much. It just doesn't work when your intent on a cold call, when your mindset is my job is to talk everyone into a meeting no matter what, when that's your intent, what ends up happening is you say things and behave in ways that feel manipulative. That's because your thoughts affect what you say what you think going into a call, your mindset, my job is to talk everybody into a meeting. What happens then is, you don't take no for an answer, and you say and behave in ways and sound in ways that are manipulative and salesy to the prospect. And whenever prospects feel that, what happens is you get the same results they want off the phone, and more importantly, you've got this debilitating feeling of rejection because you wouldn't want that done for you. So what I want to talk to you about today is a way out from a mindset perspective. The way out is our job isn't to talk someone into something. There's a time for persuasion, but on a cold call, our job is to reduce the prospect's fear of you that you're going to rub C scrub on their hands. In other words, our job isn't to book a meeting. It's to somehow lower the zone of resistance that prospects have when they're cold called by sales people, why do we want to lower resistance, not to get a meeting, but just to get to the truth? This is a different intent, because we're not assuming that everyone's a fit. We want to get to the truth behind every conversation we have with the prospect, which is one of two things, yes, the prospect would like to continue having a conversation and sharing more or no, they don't at this time. How do you do that? You actually have to change your intent. We have to rewire your brain. Because if your intent is to book a meeting with everyone, then you're going to say things that sound salesy. But if you have a different intent, you behave in different ways, because, again, neurons that wire together fire together, if your intent is to book meetings, you sound salesy. The way out of it is this. It's a simple, two millimeter mindset shift. It's letting go of expectations and letting go of assumptions. What do I mean by that? Of course, you have a hypothesis as to how you can help of course, you believe in your product, but you don't know if the person has a problem until you actually have a conversation with them. It's possible that they don't have a problem you can help them with even though you think you can. It's possible, it's possible that when you call someone, they're retired, it's possible that they don't have a problem that's big enough to warrant switching. It's possible that they're not even responsible for the thing you're talking about. And so we shift our mindset to not being assumptive, to saying, You know what, I have to go in and be curious about the prospect situation to see if we could potentially help that's a very different mindset shift. When you make that shift, prospects can feel it, because there's no push there. This is the idea of detaching from the outcome. The traditional approach is, everyone needs to be a meeting, my attachment is to the outcome. So when I don't get the meeting, I feel less than what I'm suggesting here is that that's not our intent. Our intent is to see if there's a problem and to detach from the outcome. And when you detach from the outcome, you reduce the pressure. Now I found a rather funny clip that embodies what it means to be indifferent to the outcome. It's a Seinfeld clip. Let me play it for you.

Unknown Speaker  14:26
Jerry, yes, I've been doing a lot of thinking, Uh huh,

Speaker 2  14:33
well, I don't think we should see each other anymore. Oh, that's okay. What? No, it's fine. No problem. I'll meet somebody else. Sure. See, things always even out for me, it's fine. Anyway, it's been really nice dating you for a while, and good luck.

Speaker 1  15:00
Comedy, but that's the idea, right? You want to be indifferent to the outcome. I'm not suggesting that you don't believe in your product. I'm not suggesting that you don't think it's a fit. What I'm suggesting here is to not be assumptive about it. It's this idea of shifting from pitching to discovering you can't pitch when you're curious, those two things don't exist. When you're pitching, you're talking at someone. When you're curious, you're going to be asking more questions and you're going to be listening instead of talking. We're going to get more into that as we get into the modules. When you have a different intent, when you shift from attachment to the outcome to not assuming, to testing your hypothesis, when that's your intent, not as a mechanism to get a sale, but as a mindset shift. What ends up happening is you say things that don't create pressure on the prospect, because again, your thoughts affect what you say. Your thoughts affect what you say, and ultimately the results you have and how you feel. What I'm suggesting is to adopt a new mantra that you can think about writing down to rewire your brain a little bit. And it sounds like this, I'm going to reach out to people that might have a problem. Some will be open to talking. Some won't. It's okay either way. I'm for some people, but I'm not for everyone. I have that as a sticky note on my desk. And look at the phraseology here. The word might. Why am I saying might instead of will? Because will is assumptive. Might is, I don't know until I have a conversation with someone. And look at that last phrase. The world is a big place. You're for some people, but you're not for everyone. If you are selling grass fed beef door to door, and you call someone and they tell you, I don't want grass fed beef. I've been a vegan for 30 years. I'm against killing animals. If you're attached to the outcome, you're going to see that as an objection, and you're going to say, well, you just don't know about our beef. But if you're detached and you're genuinely curious, without having a meeting in mind, you might say, oh my gosh, I was thinking about going vegan. What made you go vegan? Not as a mechanism to get a meeting, but only if you're genuinely curious about why someone would choose to be a vegan. The big idea here is this, fighting resistance doesn't work. Talking people into things doesn't work. Don't fight the resistance. Join the Resistance. We're going to be learning a lot more about how to do that in the next couple of modules. So several months ago, I'm at the airport, and the flight was delayed twice for maintenance reasons and weather, and this guy sitting next to me, lost his mind. He's like, this airline sucks. I am never flying southwest again. This is BS. He was angry and upset. Why? Because he thought this was something the airline was doing to him, instead of for him, when you fall into the trap of focusing on things you don't control, you're unhappy and anxious and pissed off all the time. This happens on cold calls too. You call a prospect and they reject what you're saying, and you start to get upset. You get upset because you're focusing on something. You don't control. You don't control how prospects interpret your message. You don't control if they agree to a meeting with you. You only control what you say, who you call, how many people you call, how you sound and how you respond when prospects raise objections whenever you're in a selling situation, ask yourself this question, do I control it or do I not control it? If you don't control it, don't focus on it. You don't control your quota, you don't control it, you don't control your territory, you don't control whether a deal closes, so we're going to tune that out. The only thing we're going to focus on are things that we do control, tuning in what you do control and tuning out what you don't control is the secret superpower for being a happier salesperson and also a happier person. Tune it in or tune it out. Do I control it? Focus on it. Do I not control it? Let it go. Less about performance and more about progress. Feel like you're getting a little bit better every day. You're doing it right one more time for the people in the back, tune it out if you don't control it, tune it in if you do control it. So I've noticed something, when I go running, one out of 10 dogs will bark at me in lunge and the owners have to yank them back. But knowing that it's only one out of 10 dogs turns the volume down in my head. I know that most dogs are friendly. The bark. Dogs, it's not their fault. Perhaps I startled the dog because I was running too close to it. Maybe the dog wasn't trained. It's the same thing. When you cold call prospects, most prospects are nice, but one out of 10, they'll bark at you, they'll be rude, they'll be angry. Marcus Aurelia said that a world without angry and rude people isn't possible. It's not the prospect's fault. Maybe something's going on at work or at home, or perhaps they've been called far too many times by pushy and manipulative sales people during dinner, and they just can't take it anymore. The idea here is to let it go. Watch a rude person come over you like a wave. It'll hit you and just fall away. It will not knock you down. The idea here is to move on, because chances are, during your next call, you will run into a friendlier dog. Chances are, if you've been making cold calls for a while, or you start making cold calls, you're gonna run into rough seas. There's going to be weeks where you don't book any meetings. You're going to make mistakes. Maybe you sent an email that you didn't mean to send. There's going to be a prospect that's going to be rude to you. You're going to mess up a cold call. Maybe you're on a performance improvement plan, and you're going to start to perhaps doubt yourself. There's this sort of lacking mentality. You start to maybe think or even say that you suck. You don't suck. The problem is your thoughts affect how you feel, and because thoughts are negatively biased, because that's how brains work, you go into this downward spiral. There's a popular neuroscience phrase that describes this, neurons that fire together, wire together. If this sounds like you, or this ever happens to you, I have something that I've been using that perhaps can help you as well. I imagine when I'm prospecting, or actually in my life, that I'm the captain of my own boat, and my job is to just steer the boat forward, and I observe the waves as they're coming at me. Waves are like my thoughts. I don't control them. They just keep coming. I simply observe the waves. Observe my thoughts without judging them, knowing that waves just keep coming and keep going and don't capsize the boat turns down the volume in my head when I get anxious is when I look off the stern or the back of the boat and I focus on the wake, the calls that were, the sales that I lost, The mistakes that I made, or I worry about this tidal wave that's going to come and capsize the boat. Guess what? I'm 53

Speaker 1  22:48
and a tidal wave has never capsized my boat. What I've realized in 50 years of being on this earth, okay, 53 is that waves and selling is like this, and my job is to just accept things as they are and keep steering the boat forward. I like it when people like me. So do you? So does everyone. Here's something I don't think I've ever told anyone before. I create content on LinkedIn and Tiktok for the sole purpose of getting likes, likes likes and comments and shares and sales make me feel validated, and validation gives me a dopamine hit makes me feel good. It's a vicious cycle, but validation has a dark side. When you rely on others to make you feel good, they can also make you feel bad. Why am I talking about this, because when you attach your self worth or who you are as a person to the outcome of a call or a meeting and you don't get what you want, you can start to feel bad about yourself. You can go into this downward spiral. You can start to feel unhappy. Here's the truth, who you are as a person has nothing to do with a cold call. Prospects don't reject you. They're rejecting what you said. Those two things might sound similar, but they are two completely different mindsets. The joy of selling happens when you realize that you have nothing to do with an outcome like working out at a gym, rewiring your brain takes some training. The first step is self awareness, being aware that you are criticizing yourself. This happens all the time, because brains are negatively biased. The simple act of observing your negative thoughts, not judging them, will turn the volume down. From there, you can ask yourself a simple question, what else might be true? Does the prospect really hate me? They don't even know me, and why do I even care what they think about me? Or did they just not like my message? Perhaps it wasn't really. Into them. Here's the thing, you can't get better at something you haven't been taught and haven't practiced. You're already 90% there. You've been taught it. Now you just need to get your reps in. Notice the negative thoughts, observe the negative thoughts, and ask yourself, What else might be true?


Transcribed by https://otter.ai