Speaker 1  00:00
Should you use a cold call script? You might not want to, because you think a cold call script is going to make you sound very robotic. But here's the thing, you're using a cold call script anyway, even if it's not written down, you're calling people and you're saying the same thing over and over again. You just sound natural because you've been doing it. But here's the problem, if you have 15 or 20 people all making cold calls different ways, it's really hard to measure what's going on and turn pro. You can't make it better because you don't know what to measure, because there's 15 or 20 versions of what everyone is saying. For that reason, I recommend that everybody in the organization use one talk track, and in addition, break that talk track or that cold call script into four parts. Why four parts? Because, let's say the cold call starts off really well, and it starts off really well here too, but over here, we're noticing that 65% of people drop off. Well, we don't want to mess with this part, and we don't want to mess with this part, but we might want to just rejigger this part of the script. Turning Pro is about breaking the cold call into different parts, figuring out which ones aren't working, and continuously trying to change that part of the script to make it better. It's very similar to if you were to walk up to a prospect and they have an apartment, and the apartment is on step four. You meet them on step one and you start a conversation with them. A percentage of those prospects, after you start a conversation with them, are going to invite you to part two of your script or the second step, and a percentage of them are going to invite you to the third step and the fourth step, and some of those prospects will let you in the door. But if everyone's doing their own thing, and you treat the cold call script as one thing, there's no way to measure it, and there's no way to turn pro. For that reason, I'm going to teach you a framework that everybody can use when they're making a cold call. What's a framework? A framework is not a script that you have to say word for word. It's a structure like the 12 bar blues. It's got 12 bars, not eight, not six. Why 12? Because 12 sounds good. You don't have to play it note for note within the 12 bar blues. You can improvise along the way as you get to know the 12 bar blues. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to teach you the four part blues, the four part structure for a cold call that I call poke the bear. Yes, I'm going to teach you some phraseology that you can use when you're playing the blues, but as you get comfortable, you can use your own phraseology. That's because you're going to understand the underlying psychology behind the four bar blues. So you can make it your own. Let's get started. Okay, let's start with step one of the poke the bear method, permission. Many moons ago, way before reservation apps, there was an expensive restaurant in Chicago that had a big problem. People would make reservations, but they wouldn't show up, and it was costing the owner hundreds of 1000s of dollars every year because of empty tables. One day, he had a genius idea. He asked the person who was making the reservations to ask the people making the reservations one question. What was the question? Sounded like this. Person called the restaurant to make a reservation, and the person taking the reservation said this, Hey, if for any reason you can't make the reservation at 630 Will you please let us know. And the customer said yes, and guess what happened? No Show. Rates were practically eliminated. What's the psychology here? It's called congruence. When you say you're going to do something, you want to live up to what you said. You want your words to be congruent with your behavior. If not, it feels incongruent. By way of example, let's say you told a friend that you would help them move and that you would be at their house at five o'clock. If you don't show up until six, you're going to feel bad when people give you permission at the beginning of a cold call, they're more likely to hear you out for step two. So we're going to apply that same psychological principle to the opening of a cold call. There's lots of ways to ask for permission to talk on a cold call. I'm going to share with you four phrases. You can pick the one that feels good on you, or you can make up your own as long as you're asking your prospect for permission to go to step two. All right, let me run you through four different ways to ask for permission on the beginning of a cold call. The first is this prospect picks up, and you say in a calm voice that sounds like a TED talk rather than a CrossFit instructor. Hey John, this is Max with snowflake. We've never spoken, and I know you weren't expecting my call. Do you have a brief moment? Or it could sound like this, Hey, John, this is Max with snowflake. I know you weren't expecting my call. Do you have a moment? I promise to be brief. See that we're asking the prospects permission to continue talking, and a percentage of people, what I have found is usually about 85 to 90% will say, Sure, what's this about? Here's another way you could say it. Hi, John. My name is Max with snowflake. I know you weren't expecting my call, but I was hoping you could help me out for a moment. Or, Hey, John, my name is Josh. We've never spoken, but I was hoping you could help me out for a moment with a downward inflection in a calm way. Here's another way you could say it. Hey, John, this is Max with snowflake. I was on your LinkedIn, and was hoping I could ask you a couple of quick questions. Would that be okay? See the idea here, we're asking for permission. This last one is a little bit more gutsy. Sounds like this, Hey, John, you're probably going to hate me because this is a cold call. Would you like to hang up? Or can I steal a minute? Takes a little more guts. It's a little more playful. Again. Any of these can work. It really depends on your personality. So your assignment here is to get out of Google Doc, and the heading is going to say permission, and you are going to type out a permission based opener that feels good on your soul. I recommend reading it out loud, seeing which one feels good for you. Pick one of the four, or write one for yourself. I don't know if you remember this, but at the beginning of this course, I said that prospects are secretly asking themselves three questions when you call them, should I pay attention? Is this interesting? And should I invest my time? We talked a lot about what makes things interesting, but we haven't talked about what gets people's attention. What gets people's attention is context. They want to know, why are you calling me versus anyone else? And as a salesperson, we want to know we're calling the right person too. Yes, we've done our research, and yes, we've created a list of all the johns, meaning all the people that are doing a similar job, and yes, we have a hypothesis as to how we can help them, but we don't know if they're still actually doing that job. They could be retired, they could have switched jobs and not updated your LinkedIn profile. There could be any number of reasons why this isn't our person. So we want to talk track to make sure that we have the right person that lines up with our script. That's what I want to walk you through here and again, for clarity, I'm not suggesting that you use this word for word. I want you to understand the psychology behind the framework so you can make it your own. All right, let's get started. So it starts like this. You start with your permission. Step you say, Hey, John. My name is Josh. We've never spoken before, but I was hoping you could help me out for a moment. Sure, Josh, how can I help you? Who are you with? Thanks. I'm with snowflake. We're working with several gaming companies, and I came across your name. Are you still overseeing the data team over there with a slight uptone As if to say, Tell me more. Let me break down the psychology behind this. The first phrase, we're working with several gaming companies that's going to provide some credibility and also some context. So why are you calling me? Oh, I work in a gaming company too. The next phrase, are you still overseeing the data team or the job that you think you can help people get done better? The phrase, are you still overseeing? Subconsciously tells the prospect that you've done some research and you're trying to confirm who you think oversees the data team. It's going to give you a little bit more credibility. The nice thing about this question is it's going to yield some very predictable answers, and part of being confident on a cold call is that you know what's coming. So the answer is either going to be Yeah, I oversee the data team at which case, congratulations, you have now earned the right to proceed to step three, which we'll get to in the next module, or they're going to say, No, I have absolutely nothing to do with that. And don't you want to know this now, before we get too deep into the cold call. If they say no, you're going to say this. So sorry. Clearly, I haven't done my research. I know it's not your job to help people who are lost, but do you know who that might be?

Speaker 1  09:34
Let me explain to you the psychology here. I know it's not your job to help people who are lost. What we're doing here is we're labeling the negative thought that the prospect is probably thinking. And it turns out that when you label the negative thoughts people are having, you diffuse them. And then we're asking, do you happen to know who that might be? That, again, is going. To yield some predictable answers. Either they're going to know somebody or not. If they don't, we're going to say that's not a problem. We're going to detach from the outcome. We're going to say, Thanks for taking my call, and we're just going to go to the next call. Remember, we're not for everyone. It's not our job to talk everyone into booking a meeting with us. If they say, Yeah, I know who it is. It's Matt Smith. You're gonna then say this, thanks. I know I'm probably overstepping my bounds here, but would it be okay if I told him or her you referred me? What's the psychology here? I know I'm overstepping my bounds again. We're labeling a negative and then we're asking their permission if we can use them as a referral. Why? Because then when we call Matt Smith, we can simply say Bob suggested that I give you a call. Do you got a sec? It's a much warmer cold call. Okay, understand the psychology of this. Again, I'm not suggesting that you use it word for word. But in your script, under person, write down this flow chart. You can certainly use these words that I used, or you can use your own. The simple act of writing it out, writing it down, is going to burn it in a little bit and then just practice it. We've gone to step one, permission, step two, person, let's go to step three next, poke the bear, you are on step three of the poke the bear method. You have successfully opened up the cold call by asking your prospects permission to talk. Here's what that sounds like. Hey, Mark, my name is Josh. We've never spoken before. Maybe you can help me out for a moment. Sure? How can I help you? Step two, thanks. I'm with snowflake. We're working with several gaming companies, and I came across your name, if you don't mind me asking, do you still oversee the data team over there? Sure I do step three, poke. What is the purpose of the Poke section of the script? It's to answer the number two question your prospect is secretly asking themselves when you cold call them, is this interesting? What do prospects find interesting? Moving away from a problem they didn't know they had, or towards an opportunity they didn't know about why problems? Because brains are hardwired to pay attention to problems. It's why the nightly news always leads with a problem. They'll say something like this, there's something wrong with your P's news at 11, and you're like, Oh my God, what's wrong with my P's? I better tune in. So what we're going to do is we're going to subtly shine a light on a problem by asking a question, without having assumptions, without having expectations. Because when we assume that our prospects have a problem, we come across as salesy. And when prospects feel the push, they pull away. But when we come at this question with genuine curiosity, without assumptions, prospects can feel that energy, and they're more likely to open up. So I'm going to share with you three frameworks that you can use to poke the bear. In other words, shine a light on a problem that your prospect might not be aware of, and let prospects come to their own conclusion. Now before I share the actual framework with you and the messaging, I want to play a clip of a customer talking about a problem that snowflake solved, because I'm going to be taking the words right out of the customer's mouth and using it in this framework. So here's the clip,

Speaker 2  13:23
but I was in for a bit of a rude awakening when I inherited the team. On day one, I inherited a team of very smart bi analysts, but analysts who were spending every day fighting their data infrastructure. What we had was a highly unreliable conglomeration of open source and third party and in house tools, which made routine analysis very cumbersome. It made exploratory data analysis painfully slow and at times impossible, and it made analytics, advanced analytics projects like machine learning initiatives just totally non existent. So needless to say, this was not what I envisioned.

Speaker 1  14:04
The reason I shared that clip with you is so that you can see my thought process and how I'm building these messaging frameworks so that you can apply the thinking process to whoever you want to prospect. What I'm doing is I'm looking for language coming out of the prospect's mouth that speaks to a specific problem. I'm going to literally lift that language and plug it into a messaging framework, and then I'm going to call people like them, same title, same industry, because I have a hypothesis. If it was a problem for this person that we've done business with, it's probably a problem for someone else that we haven't done business with. So let's walk you through the frameworks. Here's the first one. We are at step two of the cold call method. We've asked the prospect if they oversee the data team. They say yes, and here's how we're going to plug that customer language into framework. Number one might sound something like this, John, we find that a lot of analysts are using a conglomerate of open source. Dollars, third party or in house, tools to do routine and exploratory analysis. How are you going about doing routine and exploratory analysis today? And then shut your mouth. Let's break this down sentence by sentence. First, we find that a lot of analysts, that's going to give us credibility because we're speaking to people like them. You could even make it better by saying a lot of analysts in the gaming industry, it's going to make it even more specific. More specific. And then look at this language. Are using a conglomerate of A and B and C, that is literally language coming out of the customer's mouth from the clip I shared. And then after our statement, we have to ask a question, to pass the potato back, otherwise we're going to end up in a conversation cul de sac. So how are you doing this today? I'm asking the question, without having any assumptions, without having an agenda. I'm curious to see if they're doing it like this, too. If so, I've created a potential gap that I can help them with. All right, let's take a look at framework two. First I'm going to play the customer clip, and then I'll share the framework

Speaker 2  16:01
we enjoyed faster time to insights for both standard ad hoc analysis, but also for those fire drill asks that came from executives and from the C suite. And I can say personally that I really have received an urgent email from our our CFO, requesting a key metric in advance of an investor call, and have really put to use cranking our warehouse size to extra large to retrieve a result in seconds that might have normally taken up to an hour. And that was really an incredibly empowering feeling, and it's one that my team gets to enjoy every day.

Speaker 1  16:33
Did you hear the problem there? It was visceral. There was a lot of energy behind it. There was oomph. The customer even said, I can personally say that I've received a fire drill. Ask from the C suite when you hear those oomphy messages, meaning there's energy or emotion behind it, those are golden for framework two. So again, we're at part two of the cold call script. We ask the prospect if they oversee the data team, they say yes. And then here's another framework you can use. So John, have you ever gotten an urgent email from a CFO requesting a key metric in advance of an investor call, and you had to wait hours to retrieve results? Over here at snowflake, we call that the spinning pinwheel of death, we allow you to get the answer in seconds. How are you handling fire drill asks from the C suite today, and then we shut our mouth. We're poking the bear. We're asking the prospect a question to get them to think differently about their current solution. The language we're using is lifted from the voice of the customer, and we're just repainting that picture in their mind by telling a story that they can envision in their head, that they can actually feel. And then we're giving it a name to make it a little fun, because if you can make prospects feel something humor or angst, you're golden, because selling is really a transfer of how you make people feel. And then, after our statement the golden rule, we've got to ask a question to pass the potato back. How are you handling fire drill asks from the C suite today. We're asking it not with an intention, not with an assumption, but just with genuine curiosity to see if there's a gap between how they're doing this today and how you can potentially help them. All right, let's take a look at the final framework, framework three. Let's play the customer clip first, and then we'll break it down.

Speaker 2  18:24
These things contribute to the final piece of my human story, which is how tools have improved morale and also enable personal development on my team. And I think it's important for us to remember, many of us being leaders of teams of data professionals that analysts and data scientists are, by nature, intellectually curious, right? They're the people who live closest to the customer data, and they're constantly struck by inspiration of questions to investigate and trends to uncover, and avenues of inquiry to follow up on and exploratory analysis to conduct. But there's nothing more discouraging for an analyst than for that moment of inspiration to strike and to write the needed query and then spend the next two hours staring at a spinning wheel while the job runs, because the analyst that comes back after two hours of multitasking while they wait is not the same analyst that was there when they clicked run. So snowflake allows us to interrogate the data in the true sense of the word, which is ask a question now and get an answer right now.

Speaker 1  19:29
Did you hear the problem? We're simply going to plug it into framework three. Here's what that might sound like. We're at step two of the call framework. We say, Hey, John, do you oversee the data team? John says yes, and then you might say something like this, most analysts in the gaming industry we work with say they spend two hours or more writing a needed query and then stare at a spinning wheel while jobs run over here at snowflake, we call that a very discouraging day. We enable analysts to ask a question and get an instant answer. Yeah, John, how are your analysts running jobs today? And then shut your mouth. I'm not suggesting that you use this word for word, but I am suggesting that you understand the underlying psychology so you can make it your own. So let's break it down. The first sentence, most analysts in the gaming industry, it's going to give us a little credibility. Prospect is going to think, Wow, these guys know their stuff. They're working with other people like me, and then that language spend two hours or more writing a needed query and staring at a spinning wheel while jobs run. That's a problem that comes right out of the customer's mouth. And if we're calling similar customers, chances are they may have a similar problem. And then we're labeling that feeling. We call that a discouraging day. Why labeling the feeling? Because if we can make prospects feel something on a call, we're golden. It's visceral. Where did I get that label from the voice of the customer? And then the contrast? What you allow prospects to do that they can't currently do. We enable analysts to ask a question and get an instant answer. Where did I get that from the customer after my statement? I've got to ask a question so I don't end up in a conversation called a sec. Hey, John, how are your analysts running jobs today? Okay, your job is to complete all three sections of your cold call script. Section one, you're going to ask for permission to talk, so pick a permission based opener that feels good on your soul. Two, you're going to write out some phraseology to make sure you're talking to the right person. And three, you're going to select one of those three poke the bear frameworks and fill it in with problem based language for your prospect. Remember, try to find language that's coming out of the voice of a customer, not your marketing department. What happens next? Your prospect is going to start talking. Your job is to listen. The problem, chances are you haven't been taught how to listen. So let's work on that in the next module. So I want to talk a little bit about hypothesis testing. You're like a scientist testing your questions. You're not attached to any specific outcome. What we're going to be doing is asking a question that's neutral, that will get the prospect to think a little bit differently about their current solution, without actually pushing them to our desired outcome. So what is an illumination question? It's neutral, right? It's just going to make the prospect think differently about their current solution. What you want to stay away from is leading the witness. So you don't want to say something like, If I could 10x your revenue, would you be interested? Or, if I told you something interesting, would you be interested? Whenever prospects feel like they're being led to yes, they're going to enter the zone of resistance because they know you're trying to push your agenda. So poke the bear. Questions or illumination. Questions are neutral. They're meant to make people scratch their head and think, I'm not sure, so that people can draw their own conclusions, rather than you forcing yours. It's about surrendering control, rather than trying to control the answer. And the big idea here is to not have expectations or assumptions about how people are answering the question. You're just trying to test your hypothesis, and you're gathering facts. So I want to share with you some additional examples that will hopefully help you craft your question. So the first one is from Heidi, and hers sounds like this. So James, I know you guys have an online chat with wine experts. Do you guys look at analytics for those conversations, or not really. Now feel how neutral that is, especially this phrase here, or not really, which subconsciously says there's no assumptions or pressure here. And of course, your tonality matters. It's almost like you are trying to discover an answer, not trying to assume you know the answer. And so again, it might sound like this, Hey, James, I know you guys have an online chat with wine experts. I was actually on your site because I'm a wine lover as well. I was wondering, do you guys look at analytics in the chat or not? Really, you're coming from a place of not knowing rather than knowing. So here's another example. This one's from Kendra over at gravy. And her sounds like this. So Josh, I know you sell online courses. I see the badass guy that poked the bear. Are you using internal resources or an outsourced team to recover failed credit card payments? Feel it's neutral, right? We're not leading people to our solution. We're trying to figure out how they're getting the job done today. Here's another example from Ryan over at phone ready leads. James, how are you currently increasing your call to connect rate? Are you guys using tech like an Orem or connecting cell or some kind of power dialer, just trying to get a sense of how their current processes again without having expectations. Here's a final example. This one's from Eric edge. So it looks like you have 23 subscriptions, including HubSpot and Salesforce. Typically, people use some kind of a spreadsheet for keeping track of subscriptions to avoid overpaying. How are you guys keeping track? Of subscriptions today. Again, neutral and look at this language, some kind of a it's meant to sound a little imperfect and conversational, because when you're too perfect, you sound like an ad. Here's another one for flex. This is in the warehousing space. How are you currently adding warehouse space for those times when there are surges in demand, are you guys using pop up warehouses or handling this internally and then just pause and listen without having any assumptions or expectations? All right, hopefully, these frameworks and examples help you craft yours. I'm going to drop them below this video in text format so you can actually lift them and modify them for your audience. All right, let's talk about how to nail the first 20 seconds or so of a cold call. It starts with your intent. If your intent is to talk everyone into booking a meeting with you, you're going to say things and behave in ways that create pressure. And whenever prospects feel the pressure they're going to enter the zone of resistance, which is a reflex reaction to sales pressure. So before we pick up the phone, we want to actually detach from the outcome, let go of expectations or assumptions. Of course, you have a hypothesis as to how you could potentially help your prospect, but you don't know until you actually speak with them. Turns out, when you actually make this intent mindset shift, you end up sounding in ways that are more inviting the prospects so they're more open to having a conversation with you, because they don't feel the pressure. So let me share with you the first three parts this should get you, 3525 40 seconds into the call, so prospect picks up and you're going to say this, Hey, Josh. My name is James. We've never spoken before, but I'm working with a couple of podcast creators, and I came across your name and was hoping to ask you a couple questions. Do you got a sec and pause? So part one is we're going to extend a mini invitation to ask for someone's permission to talk. What's the psychology here? When people give you permission to talk, they're more likely to hear you out, at least for part two, because people want to stay congruent with what they said. It feels incongruent or bad if I say I'm going to do something and then my actions aren't consistent with that. So I have found with the right tonality about 85 to 90% of the time. Using some opener like that, a prospect will say, Sure, what's this about? And then we're going to make sure that we're actually talking to the right person. Despite doing your research, it's possible that the person that you're calling isn't the one responsible for what it is that you're selling. That might sound like this. Thanks. Hey, Josh, are you still involved with promoting and editing the inside selling podcast? Simple like that. Are you still involved with, are you still handling, are you still responsible for some phraseology like that to make sure you're in the right place? Yeah, that's me. How can I help you. And then part three, we're not gonna pitch what we're simply gonna do is ask a question that shines a light on a potential problem, and then we're gonna see if that problem resonates with a prospect without having any ulterior motive. So that might sound like this, so Josh, many of the podcast creators we work with are using two to three different tools like headliner and subtitles and Adobe logic, to promote and edit their podcast. How are you currently going about promoting and editing your podcast today and you're just going to be quiet. This is for a product called descript, but you can easily use this framework for your prospects. You're simply trying to understand the current state so you can see if there's a potential problem you could potentially help with. All right, plug your product or service into this framework and let me know how it sounds for the first 35 to 45 seconds of your call,

Speaker 3  29:02
Hey, Josh, this is Dana. I actually, I was on your website, and I had a couple of quick questions. I'm wondering if you could help me with

Unknown Speaker  29:09
that. Sure. How can I help you?

Speaker 3  29:11
Yeah, so I work for provisio, and we are supporting 200 nonprofits in the area, and I have been talking to volunteer coordinators who are sort of cobbling together a bunch of different systems like sign up genius Excel spreadsheets, some kind of scrounged up paper stuck on the wall at the check in desk for coordinating volunteer hours and things. What are y'all doing to manage those volunteer hours today, this

Speaker 1  29:36
is probably going to be one of the more challenging modules, because it requires you to use something that you probably haven't been using all that much, your ears. No doubt you've been told that you need to be a better listener when selling but chances are, you haven't been taught how to listen and you haven't practiced how to listen, and you can't get better at something you haven't been taught and you haven't practiced. In fact, if you're like me, you've been practicing not listening for so long that you've gotten good. It not listening. Practice doesn't make perfect. Practice makes permanent, so we have to rewire your brain to listen. Why? Two reasons. One, we need to get more information from the prospect. Because we're detached from the outcome. We're letting go of assumptions. We have a hypothesis that this prospect might have a problem, but we don't know, and the only way to know is to listen to the current situation. And two, when people feel heard and understood, they're much more likely to hear what you have to say. People don't buy because they understand you. They buy because you understand them. So in step three of the poke the bear method, you've asked the question and the prospect has answered it. So now is a good time to listen. By way of example, perhaps you said something like this, we find that a lot of BI analysts are using open source, third party or in house tools to do exploratory analysis. How have you guys been going about doing that today? And let's say the prospect says, well, we've been using in house tools. You may think to yourself, oh my gosh, the prospect is talking. I better start pitching my product or service. I better start value propping them pause for a second. We want to peel back the onion and we want to learn a little bit more about their current situation. We want to make them feel understood first. So if a prospect says we've been using in house tools, one of your first listening skills that you can start to develop is to say something like this, I'm sorry, in house tools with a slight uptone As if to say, Tell me more. Chris Voss, author of never split the difference, calls this mirroring, and it is a magical technique for making other people feel heard and understood. I call this peeling back the onion a little bit. When you meet someone for the first time, you're not going to ask them to meet their parents. That's a little personal. That's like going to the center of the onion. You've got to ask some easier, less threatening questions at first. And Mirroring is one of those questions. Once people feel like you get them, you get them, you can start to ask more, quote, unquote, personal questions. Here's what that might sound like. Yeah, we've been using in house tools, I'm sorry, in house tools, and they talk a little bit more, and then you say, if you don't mind me asking, how's that been working out for you? Let me explain to you the psychology behind this, if you don't mind me asking, gives the control to the prospect. And when you give control to other people, you lower the zone of resistance. And they may talk for a little bit and they say, it's been working out pretty well. You're going to be listening to that phrase pretty well. It's okay. And then a great opportunity to learn a little bit more. I'm sorry pretty well. Let them talk a little more. You can practice this mirroring technique in your personal life. The other day, my wife was having a fight with one of her best friends, and she said Linda was being so difficult. And I said so difficult with a slight uptone. And she gave me some more information. My wife knows I'm doing this, but it still feels good when people hear you from there, you might say something like this. Sounds like everything's been going perfectly. Now let me explain to you the psychology of this. You're taking an educated guess as to what your prospect might be thinking about their current situation. And here's the interesting part about this phrase, if you miss label, meaning, if you're wrong, the prospect will correct you. That's because people love correcting, but they don't like being corrected. Chris Voss calls this labeling. It's a technique where you're using words to describe what someone's thinking. It typically sounds like this. It looks like, sounds like, it feels like. And then you're taking an educated guess as to what the other person is thinking or feeling. And again, if you're wrong, they'll correct you. People love correcting, but they hate being corrected. Sounds like your current process is checking all the boxes. Prospect might say, Well, I wouldn't say it's checking all the boxes, and then you might say not checking all the boxes. What do you mean? And then listen for potential problems. I'm not suggesting that you use all of these phrases. This is a series of phrases that you can select. You're probably going to use two or three of these on a cold call, because if you stay here too much. You're going to do what I call burn the popcorn. You're going to overstay your welcome. So you'll pick one or two of these. Here's another one. Seems like you never see the spinning wheel of death, even when you're running large queries. Well, I wouldn't say never, never, right? There's that mirror. Again. We're trying to get some more information. And then you might say something like this, as someone with a successful, 12 year career in analytics. What's your take of cranking up or down your warehouse environment based on demand so you can respond faster during those times when there's ad hoc or file fire drill requests? Now, what's the psychology of this question? Remember, we want to understand the why, so you can make it your own. As someone with a successful, 12 year career in sales, that's a compliment, that's a positive compliment, that makes people feel good. And when people feel good, they're more open to talking to you, because it feels good on the ego to get a compliment. And then we're going to ask them their opinion. Why their opinion? Because people love to share their opinion. Here's the thing, if someone's been doing their job for 12 years, chances are they're familiar with the category of the product that you sell into. So we're not going to assume that they have no idea what we do and what we sell. By way of example, if I am selling podcasting software to podcast hosts, they probably heard of descript, which is a popular podcast editing software, I might say, sounds like you've tried the script. Seems like you've looked into the script. Seems like the script isn't a fit as someone with a 12 year career doing podcast, what's your take on the script? What's your take on editing podcasts like a Word document, and we're going to get their opinion. We're not going to assume they know nothing about it. Chances are people know about the product or service that you are using, or at least the category. We want to get their opinion on it. From there, you might say this.

Speaker 1  36:15
This might be like a strange question, Wish List, Genie, rub the genie. What would you like to stop doing that would make you happier or that would make your life easier. Could even say something like this. Seems like you've considered snowflake, seems like you've looked into it before, and they might say, well, actually, I haven't what's snowflake? And now they're leaning forward and they're asking you a question, and that's a very different dynamic on a cold call, when people are asking you questions now they're really invested in the call. We don't want to stay in this section too long. We don't want to burn the popcorn once we've gotten some information and we feel like there might be a fit. We're going to transition to the final part of the methodology, which is called popping the question. See it in the next module. So I have a good friend. His name is Dave. He's a popular guy. When we're at the gym, there's always a crowd of people around him, and I notice he does this thing where he'll share a funny story or tell a joke, and as people are cracking up, he'll pull away, he'll say something like, I got to run and he leaves. Why does he do this? Because by leaving when people are feeling good, they associate that good feeling with Dave. He doesn't wear out his welcome. If he stayed longer and kept talking, people might start to think, wow, that Dave sure does talk a lot. I'm going to dodge him the next time I come to the gym, why am I talking about this? We talk too long. Sometimes, on a cold call, we wear out our welcome. I call this burning the popcorn. And when we talk too much, sometimes the conversation sort of fizzles out. It turns into a mini discovery call instead of a cold call. So what I'm suggesting here is, as prospects are sharing and they're leaning forward, and maybe they're even asking you questions, is to do what Dave does, and to pull away and to ask for the meeting. Let me show you some phraseology and psychology about what that might sound like, so you can make it your own. Prospect is talking. They're sharing a little bit about their situation. And you might say, hey, you know, Bob, it sounds like this might be worth exploring, since your analysts are spending a lot of time looking at spinning pinwheels. I know I promised to be brief, would it make sense for you to invest 20 minutes, Thursday or Friday, so you can review what your options are. Now let's break down the psychology here. Sounds like this might be worth exploring. Chris Voss calls that a label, and what we're doing is we're describing what the other person is probably feeling because they shared some information with us, and x represents a problem they don't want to have, or an opportunity they might not be aware of. Sounds like this might the phrase might is purposeful. Might is not assumptive. When we're assumptive, we raise resistance. When we're not assumptive, we lower resistance. Hey, it sounds like this might be, not will be. We don't know until we have a further conversation. I know I promise to be brief. That's us pulling away. That's the equivalent of what Dave does when people are laughing the phrase, would it make sense? It's probably one of my favorite phrases to use on a cold call. Why? Because it gives autonomy to the prospect. When people feel like their freedom of choice is being taken away. We raise resistance. When we give people the freedom to choose, we lower resistance, investing 20 minutes, not spending time looking at a demo so you can review what your options are. Secretly says there's nothing to buy here. This is just an educational session to see what's out there. From there, if your prospect agrees to increase your chances that the meeting will stick, you might say something like this, is there anyone else that cares about this whom you'd like to invite and then just shut your mouth? Psychology here is, the more people that are on the invite, the higher the likelihood is of the meeting sticking. From there to increase your chances that the meeting sticks even further, you can say this, oh, and Dave, if your schedule changes and you can't make it, will you please let me know the psychology here. We talked a little bit about this earlier. When people say they're going to do something, they're more likely to do it because it feels bad when we don't live up to our word don't burn the popcorn on cold calls. Take this phraseology or tweak it and add it to the pop section of your script. Okay, what I'd like to do in this video is, have you hear what it sounds like when all the parts of the cold call are stitched together. So by way of context, you're going to be a salesperson for a company called warmbox. What's the problem warmbox solves? Well, you know how you send a bunch of cold emails? What you might not know is that 51% of those emails never even make it to your prospects inbox. They get stuck in spam filters. Why is that a problem? Because if your emails don't make it to the inbox, they don't get read, and if they don't get read, you certainly don't get responses. So warmbox is an email service provider that solves that problem. They get more of your emails delivered to inboxes so that you can get them read and ultimately get more responses. So with that as context, here's how the cold call will sound. We're going to be calling someone at sales enablement, with a company that has an inside sales team that's sending cold emails, probably so step one, permission. Hey, Matt, this is Josh. We've never spoken, and I know you weren't expecting my call, but I was on your LinkedIn profile and was hoping I could ask you a couple quick questions. Do you got a sec Sure? Josh, how can I help now we want to make sure we're talking to the right person. Thanks. I'm with warmbox. We're an email delivery service that's used by over 2000 inside sales teams. Are you still overseeing sales operations over there I am. How can I help you? Glad I'm in the right place. So Matt, we're seeing that 51% of cold emails end up in spam so they're not delivered to your prospects inbox. If you don't mind me asking, how are you ensuring your cold. Emails get delivered today, and then you pause, and what you'll typically hear during this section is, what's this about? How does it work? We might talk a little bit. They may ask some questions. We might peel the onion using mirroring and labeling. And if the prospect is starting to lean forward even more and starting to ask us how it works and some details we might want to do what Dave does, popular Dave at the gym. We want to pull back a little bit so we leave something that they can learn about during the meeting. So that might sound like this, Matt, it seems like there might be some interest here. I know I'm calling you out of the blue, and you weren't expecting my call. I promise to be brief. Would it make sense for you to invest 20 minutes Thursday or Friday? So you can see how this works, and then shut your mouth. And then, if they agree to the meeting, you could simply say, is there anyone else that cares about this that you'd like to invite? And then you can simply say, hey, quick favor. If for any reason your schedule changes, will you let me know those are things that are going to ensure the meeting sticks. That's popping the question so we had permission, finding the right person, poking the bear, peeling the onion a little bit, and then popping the question so we don't burn the popcorn. Hopefully, this gives you an idea of the flow of how a cold call sounds. Of course, you're gonna get objections, and that's the purpose of the next section. Most of the cold calls I get sounds so needy and desperate. Can I have 37 seconds? Do you have a minute for me to share why I'm calling? And then you can decide if you want to continue chatting words like this put you in a one down position. It makes you come across as inferior, needy and less valued. Nobody likes a needy, desperate sounding person. People are more inclined to engage with people that they perceive as being an equal, not up here, not down here, right here, truth be told, I have not made cold calls in quite a while, but when I did, this is how I'd open up a call to come across as an equal for context. I was calling into HR. I worked for a company called Jelly vision. Person would pick up and say hello, and I would say, Jill. And she goes, yeah, and I'd say, hey, Jill. I'm Josh Braun, my company, Jelly vision, who you've never heard of, is working with Melissa Doolin, who is the benefits director over at Comcast, on issues related to communicating benefit changes. And was wondering, are you still involved with benefits communication over there? And most of the time, they would say, yeah, and then I would understand. How they're getting the job done that might sound like this. And are you folks using emails, newsletters and like online portals in order to communicate plan info and changes? And then I would Shut the front door, and most of the time they would say, we are. We're doing all of those things. And then I would ask a question related to a potential problem that might sound like this. In speaking with Melissa and other benefits. Directors, I often hear that communicating plan information, especially when you have a lot of plans, can feel overwhelming. It's like drinking water through a fire hose. How have you guys been dealing with that today? And then I'd Shut the front door and listen without having expectations, most of the time, when I said that, the prospect would pause and say, Yeah, that's a good question. Hasn't been easy, is that what you do? And now I've created an opening, if memory serves, I rarely got hung up on didn't hear a lot of resistance. It's less about what you say and more about leaning back and being curious without trying to win people over. You're letting what happens happen without forcing anything to happen. Relax, lean back, be equal.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai