Speaker 1  00:00
Here's a mistake I see SDRs make. Let me tell you a story. John is a real estate agent. He works for Caldwell Banker in an office with 50 other agents, and John spends 30% of his time making copies, stuff like flyers for open houses and legal documents. What would make John happier a faster copier machine? Why? Because then he could spend less time making copies and more time making calls. And the more calls he makes, the more conversations he has, and the more conversations he has, the more money he makes. Now, Sue she works in the same office, but she is not a real estate agent. She's the Chief Financial Officer. What would make sue happier, not overpaying for printer costs. So if you sell copy machines, you'd have a very different conversation with John than you would sue. Why? Well, both Sue and John want to be happier, but what makes them happy is different because their job is different. Happiness is relative to the job you're trying to get done. Why am I talking about this? Most SDRs make the mistake of putting sues and Johns in the same list, or possibly sues, Johns, Pauls and Petes. The problem with that is the message is different, so it doesn't resonate, or you're jumping back and forth between Sue's and John's and Pete's and pulse, and you can't really get into the flow state. My strong recommendation here is to downshift in the first gear, put your car in park and pause for three or four days and create a list of sues and a separate list of Johns and a separate list of marks. If you have two or three people you sell to why? Because then you can get into the groove. You know what makes Sue happier? It's going to be the same conversation. You know what makes John's happier? It's going to be the same conversation. To speed up here, slow down. Mis en place. Get everything in place before getting started. The takeaway here is simple, everyone wants to be happier, but happiness is relative based on the job people want to get done.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai