Speaker 1  00:00
So the other day, I was asked a question that I had never been asked before. Josh, imagine that you're a new SDR, expected to make cold calls, but you're not getting much training. How would you go about doing it, rather than telling you? Let me show you. So imagine intercom hires me as a new SDR, and I'm not getting much training. On day one, I'm going to answer these five questions to the best of my ability. Day number one, what's one specific title that I'm selling to? Not a persona, just a specific title. Two, what job are they trying to get done every single day? Three, how are they getting it done today? Specifically? Four, what? Terrible. No good. Very bad. Thing happens if they keep using their current solution? Why? Terrible? No good, very bad. Because products have no value without problems. So I'm going to problem train myself instead of product training myself. And then finally, number five, what changes for the better after people give intercom money? What superpower do they give the customer? What can customers do because of intercom that they can't currently do? How do I get the answers to all those questions if I'm not getting much training, Google search, search the intercom website, and after doing that, I found a wonderful illustration that answers all of these questions. I'm going to share that with you so you can get some context, and then show you how I applied what I learned to a talk track that I would use if I was making cold calls. So who am I selling to? Imagine there's this person, and their job is to manage a bunch of customer support agents. There's like 30 of them sitting in a room, and what they do all day is they respond to problems customers have with the software in chat and email, that's all they do. They're trying to resolve these issues for customers. Let's take a look at how they do this before intercom. Let me switch my screen over right now, a customer will start a chat with an agent, and they will say something like this, Hey, I can't create a report agent. Sorry to hear that. What happens when you try? Customer, it gives me an error, telling me I need to delete one. Agent, I see, what plan are you on? What's your account number? Customer, how do I check? Agent, go to Settings, account plan. Customer, I'm on the basic plan. Agent, ah, the base plan only allows for five reports, so you need to delete one. Are you the account owner? Customer, I'm not sure. Agent, do you see manage my plan? Customer, nope. So you can see the issue here. The way they're getting it done today is they're going back and forth the agents trying to collect a lot of information to troubleshoot the issue. The terrible, no good, very bad thing that happens if you do that is it takes a long time to collect all that information, multiplied by all the customers and all the agents, so resolving tickets is expensive. The other terrible thing that happens is, if this takes a long time, customers get frustrated, and they can start to complain on social media, and when people complain a lot, the sales start to suffer. So now we have a picture of the job, how they're getting it done today, and the terrible, no good, very bad thing that happens if they continue with their current solution. Now let's see the superpower that intercom gives the agent. So here's the same customer asking a question, but this group has intercom. When the customer asks the question, intercom is automatically able to pull up some relevant information about the customer without the agent having to ask, for example, who the admin is, what plan they're on, and how many reports they've used. So rather than going through all that information on the left hand side, they can simply say this your current plan, which is the basic plan, allows you to have five reports. This would be number six, so you need to upgrade. Just ask Alex James your account admin to do so in settings, account and plan, and the customer says, got it. Thanks. Notice how much faster it is when you have intercom. So now that I am armed with the answer to those questions, and I can see the infomercial in my head in a very specific way, I can now start to construct a talk track. Let me show you how I would do that. So the first thing I would do is I would actually extend a mini invitation to the person that I'm speaking with, because when people accept my mini invitation and give me permission to talk, they're more likely to hear me out a little bit. There's a couple of ways that I've done this over the course of 15 or 20 years. Here's a few of my favorites. I'm a little playful on a cold call. So I might say something like this, Hey, James, you're probably going to hate me because this is a cold call. Full transparency. Do you want to hang up or roll the dice? I've had a lot of good success with that, but it suits my personality. Here's another one that I've used. Hey, James, Josh with intercom, we've never spoken, but I was on your LinkedIn and was hoping I. Could ask you a couple quick questions. Do you got a sec in a sort of low tone, low key voice? Here's another one that I've used quite a bit that feels good for me. Hey, James, Josh, with intercom, we've never spoken, but I was hoping you could help me out for a moment. It's less about what you say here and more about your tonality. You kind of have want to have a relaxed, low key, matter of fact tone. From there, what I'm going to do is I'm going to do a little discovery call. I'm not going to be a salesperson. I'm going to be a scientist. I'm going to understand how they're getting the job done today. Here's what that might sound like. So So John, you know, support teams that I speak to typically use a combination of automation like chat bots and humans to tackle support tickets. If I'm not overstepping, how are you folks tackling tickets today?

Speaker 1  05:50
And then I'm going to shut my mouth and listen without having expectations or any assumptions, and the customer is going to talk and tell me that they're using X, Y and Z. From there, I'm going to poke the bear. I'm going to ask a question, gets the prospect to think a little differently about their current solution. So when your customer agents are starting live chat, are they able to see all the context they need immediately, like if the customer is an admin, or what type of plan they're on, or do they have to ask a bunch of questions to get that information. I'm not leading people to any desired answer. I'm a scientist. I'm having a hypothesis. I'm poking the bear, and then I'm going to listen to what the customer says, without having to try to push them anywhere from there, I might say something like this, called a future state cliffhanger. So with intercom, your agents are able to start a live chat or email and get all the context they need without having to ask for it so they can resolve issues faster. And then I'm going to wait and listen to see if the prospect leans forward and says, Well, how did that work? And now I'm in a conversation. So hopefully this gives you an idea of how to prepare for a cold call and how to nail the first 35 or 45 seconds intercom. If you're listening to this, I am volunteering to work with one or two reps on this talk track to see if it helps you make more progress when your reps are on the phone. So a question I get asked pretty frequently is, Hey, Josh, got a lot of opportunities stuck in my pipeline. How do I get them unstuck. The reason you have opportunities stuck in your pipeline is that you're not asking for a micro commitment at the end of each call. Here's what that sounds like. Hey, James, most people at this stage want to loop in it to see if our app is compatible with their API. Does that make sense for you or not? Really see what we're doing here. We're suggesting a next logical step, while giving the prospect control to determine if they want to take it, one of two things will happen when you ask for a micro commitment. Either the prospect will say, Yeah, that does make sense, and then you can schedule a next meeting, or they'll say, No, I don't want to do that at this time. And then you simply drop back, lean back, and in a calm way, say, seems like I'm jumping the gun. Where would you like to go from here? Or sounds like I'm jumping the gun. What next step, if any, would you like to take? If people don't commit to a meeting, I would not put them in your pipeline. Good selling feels like a smooth ballroom waltz you're leading without stepping on any toes, but it does take two people to waltz, loosen up when you make cold calls, introduce a little levity into your script. Have fun. Why? Because when you make people feel good, you release endorphins, and they associate that positive feeling with you, so they're more likely to lower their resistance and have a conversation with you. Here's what having a little fun on a cold call sounds like. Prospect picks up the phone and you say in a playful tone, you are probably going to hate me because this is a cold call. Would you like to hang up? Or can I ask you two questions? One's easy and one's a little difficult. You want to roll the dice and then just pause, and you'll find that some people, not everyone, will lean into that and laugh and say, Sure. And then here's the first question. So, James, I know that you like to wash your car on the weekends, are you using one bucket or two buckets when you wash your car? James, I'm using one bucket. Okay, here's the hard question. You ready for it? Yeah, go ahead. Okay, so most of the time when people use one bucket, what can happen is dirt settles to the bottom of the bucket and can get trapped in a sponge, which can scratch your car. How are you making sure that never happens to you when you wash your car and then Shut the front door and listen. What you typically hear when you poke the bear is the prospect scratching their head, saying, I'm not exactly sure. I guess I just rub it in the water. And then you will say this, what's your opinion of the grit guard? You're going to presuppose the prospect actually has familiar with your solution, because chances are they are. And they might say, what is it? And then you might say, with a grit guard, you rub your sponge on a device that sits in your bucket, and dirt settles to the bottom of the bucket and off your car. And the prospect might say, well, how does it work? And then you could say, if you'd like it, can show you are you in front of a computer. And then you could just send them a link and give them a demo right there on the spot, if they. Say, I have heard of a grit guard. You might simply say, sounds like the value wasn't there for you. And just listen, the intent is not for this to work every time. Nothing works all the time. You're indifferent to the outcome. You're detached. You don't have expectations. You're like a comedian working out their set. Even the best ones, like Jerry Seinfeld bomb, sometimes they just try another joke. They just make another call. All right, have fun making cold calls today. Let me know how this feels for you.

Speaker 2  10:25
Hi, Amy, you're probably gonna hate me because this is a cold call. Do you want to hang up? Or can I ask you a question?

Speaker 3  10:34
No, that was probably the best introduction there. Does that usually work.

Speaker 2  10:43
If I'm being honest, it works maybe a quarter of the time. And I if I'm being even more honest, I was probably the best reaction I've gotten from it.

Speaker 3  10:55
Oh, never heard it before, but I see why it would work.

Speaker 1  10:58
I get a lot of cold calls, and I'm starting to think that people don't know how to make cold calls. Cold calling is not about the pitch. It's not about expounding on the features and benefits of your solution. Why? Because your solution has no value without a problem. By way of example, if you are selling a car wash bucket and you call people that are washing their car and pitch them your bucket and tell them about the features and the benefits. They're not going to be interested because you're pitching a solution that they already have. Your job is to ask a question with finesse that shines a light on a problem that your prospects might not know about. Here's what that sounds like. You make a cold call prospect picks up and you have a little fun, a little levity. You say this, Hey, James, you're probably going to hate me because this is a cold call. Would you like to hang up or roll the dice? Are you feeling lucky today? Humor diffuses pressure. Lighten up from there. Ask how they're currently getting the job done today. Are you using one bucket or two buckets? When you wash your car? I'm using one bucket next. Shine a light on the problem or poke the bear. Here's what that sounds like. I don't know about you, but sometimes I hear when people are using one bucket dirt can settle to the bottom of the bucket and get on their sponge, which can scratch their car. How are you going about avoiding that from happening today, and then Shut the front door and listen without having expectations. What you typically hear when you poke the bear is silence, because prospects are scratching their head thinking, Hmm, I'm not sure. And they typically say, is that what you do and now you've created an opening ditch the pitch poke the bear, listening to persuade versus listening to understand. See if you can feel the difference. Yes, it's a feeling. Listening to persuade sounds like this. Prospect says I'm not interested, and the seller responds by saying this, that's exactly why I'm calling. I didn't expect you to be interested within the first five seconds of my call. That's why I wanted to set up some time where I could share an idea with you for five minutes. Does Tuesday or Wednesday work? Listening to understand sounds like this. Seller pauses for a couple beats and in a very calm, detached voice, says this, that's okay. I know cold calls can be a nuisance. I know you don't owe me an explanation, but before we hang up, is it because my timing is off, or is this just not relevant for you? And then just shut the door and listen, you will start way more conversations when you come from a place of understanding than you ever will by coming from a place of persuading.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai