Speaker 1  00:00
Several months ago, I wanted to get my house painted, so I reached out to three companies. When I called the first company, the receptionist said someone from the company would call me back later on in the afternoon. They didn't, and they didn't get the business. When I called the second company, they said they wanted to come over to my house, walk around so they can give me a proposal. I said I was going to be out of town, and for them to call me when I got back on the 12th. They never called me back, and they didn't get the business. The third company, painters, one said they wanted to give me a quote, said I was going to be out of town, said to call me back on the 14th. They called me back on the 14th, scheduled a meeting, gave me a quote, and got the business. There's a good takeaway here. In a world of incompetence, being competent is remarkable. You'd be surprised by how many meanings and sales you can get if you just do what you said you're going to do. If a prospect says to call you back at a specific time, put a reminder in your calendar and actually call them back. All right. Second scenario, which is more likely. With regards to follow up. Several years ago, I noticed that the right side of my barbecue stopped working. It was a problem, but it wasn't a big problem, because I could use the left side of my grill to cook. I was just cooking for my wife and I. I was a little curious about barbecues, and I heard about this company called the barbecue guys online. I called them up, spoke to them. They told me about this amazing built in barbecue. Looked awesome. It was like 1200 bucks, but at the time, the problem wasn't big and intense enough. So I said, you know, I'm not ready to switch right now. And they said, Josh, that's not a problem, if you'd like. From time to time, we send people these videos teaching them how to be better grillers. If you'd like, we could add you to the list. And I said, Sure. And guess what they did? They actually did what they said they were going to do. From time to time, I'd get these amazing videos on how to grill vegetables, how to make sure chicken doesn't stick, how to cook meat. So several months later, when my wife said, Let's have a party for 10 people, and I knew I couldn't get the job done on my grill. The only barbecue company I thought about were the barbecue guys. Why am I talking about this? It's the same thing with your prospects. From an outbound perspective, most people are not in buy mode. They're getting the job just done fine with their grill. But eventually the timing might be right, they may no longer be able to make progress with their grill. So what you need is an approach to stay top of mind so they think of you. Do what the barbecues guys did. Send people an email every once in a while on a topic that makes them smarter about something they care about. You can work with marketing on this. Here's what an email sounds like for my business. Hey, John, since you have an SDR team doing cold emails, thought you'd like this piece on high performing subject lines, and then that's the touch. Here's another one. Hey, John, here's a typical objection sales people get on the phone. I'm not interested. And how to diffuse it. Thought this might be of interest to you and your team. These are literally two or three sentence emails with some helpful piece of content. So when a prospect is ready to talk to me, they're like Josh brown because they've been hearing about me. Education and teaching is a superpower for forging connections between people. Here's another idea, create a list of questions that your customers typically ask and answer them on video, and put that in your top of mind cadence, the fortune is in the follow up, but only if you follow up in a way that doesn't feel salesy and manipulative and gross. You never want to check in, you never want to circle back, but you do want to provide information that make your prospects smarter about a topic they care about, out teach the competition, do what you said you're going to do. Chances are, if you've been selling for a while, you've had this happen. Prospect expressed interest in what it is that you said, perhaps they booked the demo, but they didn't show up. And you start chasing and following up and you hear nothing. Why does this happen? It's because it feels awkward to tell someone you're going to do something and not do it. There's also this idea that you're going to get talked into something. There's this pressure, perhaps you agreed to something and now you've changed your mind. So when you follow up and prospects feel the pressure, they're going to go dark on you. So what I want to show you in this video is a technique to release the pressure so that prospects don't feel like you're trying to push them forward in any way. And you'll find that when you use this follow up technique over the phone, more prospects will open up and tell you the truth. This isn't a technique to get a sale or get a meeting, it's just to get to the truth. So prospect picks up the phone that has ghosted you, and the first words out of your mouth are going to be this. Hi, James. My name is Josh, with Josh brown sales training, and I'm just calling to apologize in a very humble tone. And. Again, not with the intent to get anything, but to just understand what's going on. And what you'll find when you do that in a calm way is that most prospects will say, what do you need to what's up? What are you apologizing for? And then I'll say this, it looked like you expressed interest in how I might be able to help your team get a little bit better on cold calling. Somewhere along the way, it looks like I may have miscommunicated or dropped the ball. I'm not calling to move anything forward, but I'm seeing if you'd be open to sharing some feedback so that perhaps I could address your needs should a need arise in the future. Is that something you'd be open to? Matt, of course, make the words your own, but you'll notice that when you do that, when you detach from the sale, when you let go, the prospect will lean forward because they don't feel the pressure of the push of the sale. Try this out in the wild. Let me know if it opens up more conversations for you with prospects that have gone dark.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai