Speaker 1  00:00
Pop quiz. What is the number one sales activity that puts money in your pocket as a sales development or business development rep? Is it a cold emailing? B, LinkedIn messages or C video? It's a trick question. The answer is, D, having conversations with people that you think you could potentially help. That's because there's a direct correlation between conversations and money. The more conversations you have with your ideal prospects, the more money you make, the fewer conversations you have, the less money you make. Cold calling is unique in that way, with the right technology and the right process, you can make 50 calls and have eight to 12 conversations with the exact people you want to get in front of. And if you have the right message, and you're skilled at making cold calls, typically, one or two of those will convert into a meeting. Cold emailing LinkedIn and videos don't work that way, right? You have to write the message. You have to send it. You hope the prospect gets it, you hope they open it, and then you have to wait for them to respond with cold calling. The feedback is instant. The second you connect with someone. Imagine for a second that your cold call has four parts. You can see where you're losing people and start to tweak that specific part of the cold call so you can improve and turn pro faster. The other advantage of cold calling is you can get information. Perhaps you don't know who the exact person is that can handle what it is that you're selling. With cold calling, you can simply find out if you're skilled and know exactly who to target in your emails. The other huge advantage of cold calling that I love is it's a rush when you believe in what you're selling and when you're passionate about it and you connect with someone that is actually interested in what you're talking about. It just feels amazing. Of course, there are drawbacks of cold calling, the first being that you're interrupting people in the middle of their day, they're not expecting your call. So some can get angry at you, they can get upset, and they can say things that are going to make you nervous. The other hard thing about cold calling is it might make you nervous. You might not know what to say when prospects push back. Why is that? You know what to say when people say, What's four times five? You say, Well, that's 20. That's easy. You know what to say when someone says, What's three times eight, but you might not know what to say when someone says, we don't have budget. Why is that? What's the difference between this and this? The only difference is you've been taught what this is and you've practiced what this is, but you probably haven't been taught how to respond to this or practiced it, and you can't get better at something that you haven't been taught and that you haven't practiced. That's why I am so excited to share this material with you. I'm going to teach you an approach to help you open up more conversations with people you want to get in front of, but in a way that feels good on your soul and that lowers resistance when you call prospects. Let's jump in. I'd like to share some things that will help you get the most out of this. Course. First, it is not my job to tell you how to do your job. If what you're doing is working perfectly, keep at it if you're looking to make some progress, I'm going to share with you some tools and ideas that you can test out, and you can decide if you want to put them in your sales toolbox. It's not my sales toolbox, it's not your manager's sales toolbox, it's your sales toolbox. The nice thing about our profession is that there are so many ways to do things, so many ways to build a house, so many tools out there, you get to decide which ones you want to try and put in your toolbox. Second, I'm going to say some things in this course, and you might say to yourself, I would never use those words. They don't feel like me. This just won't work. The problem is, when you have those negative thoughts, you shut yourself off to a potential growth opportunity, because your thoughts affect your behavior and ultimately your results. So if you catch yourself having these negative thoughts, stop yourself and ask yourself a different question. How might I apply this? So it sounds good for me. I'm not suggesting that you use my words, listen and understand the underlying psychology or the reason, and make the words, your own positive thoughts pay tiny investments over time. Third, this is a big one. Whenever you're learning a new skill, it's going to suck at first. If you've ever snowboarded down a mountain, you fall down quite a bit before it clicks. Any new skill requires you to be taught what it is and to practice. You can't get good at something that you haven't been taught and practiced over and over again. So embrace the suck. It's part of the learning process. You're not failing. You're growing most. People don't fail at sales or cold calling. They're just not patient enough. And finally, to make the learning burn in, make it interactive. Don't just watch this material. Do this material? Take it out in the wild and test it out and as you're watching it, take notes, but in a very specific way, when I take courses like this, or read a book that I'm really interested in, I'll take notes. I'll have two columns in the left will be my notes, but on the right hand side will be how I'm going to apply it. Hope these tips help you get the most out of this material. There's a popular show on Netflix called nailed it. Here's the premise, a professional baker will show an elaborate dessert, like a basketball that looks like a cake, and the amateur bakers will have to replicate it in a certain amount of time. Each amateur Baker is given the same exact list of ingredients as the professional bakers used. The funny part about the show is when the amateur bakers reveal their creations, they often look like a much messier version of the pro Baker's cakes. Let me show you an example. So here is the pro cake on the left and the amateur messy cake on the right. It sort of resembles it, I guess. Why is that the amateurs are given the exact same ingredients as the pros, but their cakes look nothing like the pro cake. The reason is, the pros understand why they're mixing the ingredients, and the amateurs are just following the ingredients. Why am I talking about this? When you just follow the ingredients, when you just memorize scripts, you're always going to be an amateur. When you understand why you're doing what you're doing, you're going to be pro, because you can understand the psychology and make it your own. That's why. In this cold call module, in addition to teaching you some phraseology, I'm also going to be teaching you the underlying psychology so that you can understand the why behind what you're doing. My intent is to help you turn pro. Have you ever been to a nice restaurant that was packed? You sit down to order and you're thinking to yourself, oh my gosh, this is going to take forever. The service is going to be painfully slow because the restaurant is so crowded. But to your surprise, you order, and not only does the food come out in a timely fashion, but it's amazing. So you come back and the same thing happens again. Packed restaurant, amazing food in a timely fashion. How do chefs do this day after day after day after day? The answer lies in what's in this dish. Let me explain before you got to the restaurant, chefs have chopped and washed all the vegetables for all the dishes. So if the dish requires peas, they've prepped the peas in advance. Not only that, the ovens are all preheated at the right temperature, and their tools or their knives are in the right place, so they can easily get to them. It's a French culinary term called mise en place, or everything in place. Why do chefs do this? Because if they didn't, when they started cooking for the night, it would be a chaotic mess. The service would be slow and the food would suck. Why am I talking about this? It's the same thing with cold calling. If you don't prep your ingredients in advance, it's going to be chaotic for you too. Now your ingredients are different than a chef's ingredients, but it's the same idea, if you prep in advance, you're going to be much more efficient and much more successful. So what are your ingredients? The first one is up here, your mindset. If you go into cold calling with the wrong mindset, you are going to feel rejected all the time, and you are going to feel unhappy, and your prospects are going to feel pressured, and they're going to shut down. So we got to start with your mindset. The next thing we have to prep is we have to know what prospects are interested in, so we could be interesting. So we have to clarify our message. Next, we have to know who to call, so our lead list, then we have to know what we're going to say so our script and how we're going to say it, our tonality. And the final ingredient that we have to work on is we have to know what to say when prospects raise objections, so we don't feel off balance. All right, let's get started prepping the first ingredient, our mind.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai