Unknown Speaker  01:09
Can you hear me now? Yep, I can hear you. Oh, yeah, how are you? Good. We are, um goodness, like just steadily

Unknown Speaker  01:32
anyway, like,

Matthias Miller  01:34
can't get the words out silly working through a lot of this internal stuff that's showing up and showing up practically, you know, practically. And so there's this little thing inside of me that's like we're still chiseling away just looking away chipping away chipping away. But there's this anticipation that we're getting. We keep getting I keep getting closer and closer to what it is that I really want. And what I want to build so

Unknown Speaker  02:08
yeah, and then it's been

Matthias Miller  02:12
I've been I knew I knew coming into May May was going to be a crazy month and it has been so looking forward to June slowing down a little bit,

Unknown Speaker  02:18
but it's been good getting stuff done. Have you been? Hi? Yeah, like, like the last two months, maybe. It's been more just really

Speaker 1  02:39
getting clarity, like really being able to be clear. Like before, I knew I wanted to, but it seemed there was always a box in the way. One thing that Britt always says is just like you already know, the solution. You just, you can't see it for the blocks in the way. Which is why it's always so frustrating. She's like, I'm not here to help you get solutions. I'm help. I'm here to help you remove the blocks.

Unknown Speaker  03:03
Yeah.

Speaker 1  03:07
I feel like we've done a lot of that enough to where it's it's, it's, everything's clear enough for me. And I feel comfortable. Like, do I know that things need to be tweaked to massage and you know,

Speaker 2  03:22
turn around the corner? Yeah, but it's definitely more in alignment with what I think

Speaker 1  03:33
not just want to do but that I'm good at and is is also useful.

Unknown Speaker  03:38
Yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  03:42
Yeah, I don't feel anywhere near as frustrated as I did. Same

Speaker 2  03:45
time last year. That's awesome. Yeah. That's awesome. Yeah. And so

Speaker 1  03:56
I'm also extremely intrigued. I gotta get a I've got to get up with Barbara. I'm extremely intrigued about her helping me unpack that

Unknown Speaker  04:04
show and tell. So yeah, I like

Speaker 1  04:14
and that's kind of what I meant when I said I need to do two things at one time sometimes not. I mean, I definitely need to kind of fidgets arm and beautiful and all that. Yeah. But like seeing like, that's really exciting to me and something I can really dive into but it doesn't mean anything yet. And this over here, like it's almost like my brain likes to switch off and on. I see that kind of with you and Steven to like the things you wrote on your list. They're not extremely different, but they're kind of different. Like it's kind of an off and on switch, you know?

Unknown Speaker  04:49
Yeah. Yeah, it is. It's

Matthias Miller  04:57
even in terms of projects. I have going

Speaker 2  05:00
I need, they must be interesting.

Matthias Miller  05:04
I don't think I could ever. I don't know, I'm not, I'm not convinced that I could ever consult for a single client. To that point, like having two to three things going, there's kind of that sweet spot of

Unknown Speaker  05:25
more than once.

Matthias Miller  05:27
To keep it interesting, less than however much it takes for me to get overwhelmed. Yeah.

Speaker 1  05:37
Yeah, I feel like the second thing is almost like a fuse release when I start feeling overwhelmed.

Unknown Speaker  05:43
Yeah. I mean, if he's

Speaker 1  05:44
releases, also, of course, just go to the beach or go for a walk or don't work over the weekend at all. Leave the phone somewhere, of course, but then sometimes it's like, okay, I'm bored.

Matthias Miller  05:59
One of the things I was in a conversation, this is my last conversation with my therapist was, we're talking about interests and hobbies. And he said something very, it's very aligned with what Brett was saying, which is, it's like, no, your interest, don't actually. And, I mean, there's times when we have specific interests, because we fulfilled whatever we needed from that particular interest. But it always leads into something else. And if you find yourself hitting the end of the road on something, it's because somewhere there's been a loop that you closed off prematurely, for whatever reason. So you know, there's an that comes down to all the stories, not enough money, somebody got mad. Or we thought it was a waste of time dumb thing to do. I don't know, whatever it can be many times some kind of shame, fear base type of reaction.

Unknown Speaker  07:00
And so that's the other thing I'm really interested with. interested in

Matthias Miller  07:06
is, is in about removing some of these blocks

Speaker 2  07:10
is opening up some of those interests further. So yeah, some things you left behind. Yep, some things are left behind.

Speaker 1  07:27
Yeah, some of the things that she and I have worked on have been things that I disconnected from.

Unknown Speaker  07:32
Like, why did you disconnect from this? Why did you disconnect from this just think reconnecting

Speaker 1  07:48
and in doing so like my thinking just starts popping.

Unknown Speaker  07:53
A lot of times

Unknown Speaker  08:01
Yes, fine. That's fine.

Matthias Miller  08:04
I woke up this morning with like, six independent thoughts. Three related to project I was working on three, pretty much. Three related to things going on to really the things going on in my life, one about a friend of mine, which I still need to follow up on.

Unknown Speaker  08:22
That's the kind of stuff that happens with that. That's neat. I think so. It's, it's neat. It's I feel

Speaker 1  08:34
like I've gotten better about just letting you go to enter this weekend. I'm gonna think about timeshare all weekend. Or nothing, or it's Monday and I'm not working today, you know, or Sunday, you know, it's going nuts. So here we are, you know, whatever.

Speaker 2  08:52
That's gonna. I didn't go the days of the week has been nice.

Matthias Miller  09:02
That's awesome. That's awesome.

Unknown Speaker  09:07
My husband made me a sandwich. Yay. All right.

Matthias Miller  09:15
I'm gonna say please tell me that you're comfortable enough to eat it while we're on the call?

Speaker 2  09:20
Is that okay? Oh, yeah, please do. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  09:23
Yeah. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  09:25
So you wanted to go through this

Unknown Speaker  09:29
offer? Yeah, the offer. I don't know why. I mean

Matthias Miller  09:39
the PowerPoints just didn't even make. I'll be honest, they didn't make sense to me. Okay. And so I don't know that's because, well, it's supposed to go with some talking points. I mean, I'm sure that is the case.

Unknown Speaker  09:56
Yeah, especially with some talking

Speaker 1  09:57
points. Also, I need to do Don't make it to where things come in like this is everything all at once. And it really needs to be changed to some automations to where they're not all coming, they're not all sitting there.

Speaker 2  10:16
I'm just getting to my ah, at that site getting to where they are on the on the old laptop missing I can find him and here's why I know them to look at him

Unknown Speaker  10:42
and

Unknown Speaker  10:53
I found it

Unknown Speaker  10:59
when I opened this and then share my screen

Unknown Speaker  11:12
and, you know,

Speaker 1  11:13
one of the reasons I put this in there was because I wanted if there's anything that doesn't need to be done, right, because what I've noticed for a lot of

Unknown Speaker  11:24
a lot of my people in the same field ish

Speaker 1  11:30
as it they overcomplicate so it looks like they didn't charge too much. But people

Unknown Speaker  11:35
get overwhelmed. Yeah.

Speaker 1  11:40
So I wanted to mimic here Perry's

Unknown Speaker  11:46
maze. And

Speaker 1  11:53
and that's probably like the, everything needs to be off of here except for maybe the middle parts and the goals, and then add the greens. So we're gonna have paid search that we handle. I don't handle it. Because I don't know what the hell that looks like. But yeah, paid search. Social Media Management

Unknown Speaker  12:21
helps our paid search. You YouTube content. Probably should go here to here. But YouTube content that takes

Speaker 1  12:36
you from paid search to either SEO search or directly to this YouTube content, repurposing to YouTube content.

Unknown Speaker  12:45
And to social media. I pretty much

Speaker 1  12:48
decided social media should either be just repurpose content, or remarketing or both. And that's it.

Unknown Speaker  12:55
Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 1  12:56
I mean, the constant posting is nice. But it's, it's really not getting them anywhere unless they can sit on social media

Unknown Speaker  13:03
to get noticed.

Matthias Miller  13:05
Well, and I don't know what your experience has been. I've seen that there's often a lot of nurture that's required on I mean, these are like, they're colder than email opt ins,

Unknown Speaker  13:19
by a longshot with a paid search

Speaker 1  13:24
are going to be email opt ins, right. So paid search is going to be for neighborhoods.

Speaker 2  13:31
They'll goodwill landing page. They search you know, I want to buy a house in, in Highland beach.

Speaker 1  13:42
So they'll go to the neighborhood page, it'll have that list, you know, those couple listings. IDX feed is what they call it. And it'll have the agents biography, photo, and a bunch of reviews. And it also has, like extra things on the side where they can click in all the neighborhoods around Highland beach. So they get in that web, they get to the agents landing page and YouTube channel both, right, so the YouTube channel is going to be talking about the neighborhoods, and then other things about buying a house. So if you're in Florida, for example, here where I live, there's a huge difference between buying on the island in between the island and 95 and west of 95. People don't know that until they get here. So if you're moving from out of state, you would watch that. So if I tell you on the person who's telling you hey, Matthias these are the four different things, this is what you need to I'm not giving you information, right most paid search goes all information, they'll they'll they'll keep offering them listings. So there's no trust building in that listings are just this is for sale for this price. So maybe they call you maybe they don't when they call you they don't know you from Adams housecat, right? So if I've gotten that person I've gotten you into my YouTube channel. I've said, Hey, if you have kids, you're probably not going to want to live on the island, because the schools aren't here. They're, you know, here, here and here. These were all the activities are. You can't tell them what the best schools are. But you can say, you know, here's the high schools, here's a elementaries. If you're if you're past 95, you know, this is what you're gonna get, just, you know what I'm saying, right? Why would you live here? What's available? What are the taxes like, oh, the thing. And then they're looking at this agents, YouTube channels, so they can just keep going through it, then we can start remarketing. And we can find them on social where it's actually effective, it actually means something. So when they see their reviews on social media, they see their videos, their reels, that sort of thing, that actually mean something. So the whole goal there is to get them into the YouTube channel into the landing pages, and then the next circle is booked an appointment. Get on the email list book an appointment, right? So right now the emails are generic nurture, I'll fix that at some point. But it's probably the next thing that needs to be on the list. But so email lists book appointment, then they're gonna go into next layer is active clients. So either they're in your car, or you're listed their house, or you've had the discussion. You know, Roberto, I've got five kids, there's one on the way we want to move to Boca, but you know, it's going to be a year. So you're on my pipeline, which means the content goes to a different level, or you're in my car, we're trying to find you a house. So obviously, once you're in the car, I mean your face, right? Still, the the other issue that happens a lot of times with these marketing programs is that through the store,

Unknown Speaker  16:52
closed client, we're done.

Speaker 1  16:56
But what we want to do here is put that active client, not just as a closed client, but into the client community. So you've got a joy to work with client who is a lifetime client, and you've got lifetime client value, because he wants to keep paying for clients and leads over and over and over. Right, this is the circle that we want to keep going. We're not letting them out. We're putting them on some random drip campaign once they're, they're close now they're in your client community. And this goes into the in real life marketing of the realtor and also into the social media management where they see they're being marketed to and they're getting the repurposed content. The in real life marketing is 100% up to the realtor at this point. That's, you know, their phone calls, their birthday cards, their anniversary cards that pop up all the stuff that Realtors do, should be doing in real life. A lot of them do not do this. At some point, I might have to add coaching for that or accountability, but it's not. It's not my expertise. It's not where I want to live.

Matthias Miller  17:56
Got it. That's something that could be an easy, easy add on. Little anecdotal story. There's a realtor friend of mine from the area. He's been retired for about five or 10 years, but he referenced that Wells Fargo referral book. And I actually and he recommended I read it, which I did. I'm like, That is a fantastic, the Popeye whatever they call it that was completely how he built his business and maintained it and so much so he couldn't go out to eat with his family without getting interrupted like six times. Right.

Speaker 1  18:36
One of my Realtors has been pulled over by police twice in the middle of the street because it's somebody she sold the house to. Right. We did a huge post about it's hilarious like everywhere. Yeah, exactly. That for realtors who don't have enough people in their database yet? Or they think their social media marketing should actually get them clients. Right. So that's why my slogan, my motto, whatever you want to call it is love your marketing. Love your result. Because Zillow gets results. They hate them.

Unknown Speaker  19:07
But it gets results.

Speaker 1  19:11
Yeah, right. One of my favorite things to say is you can cut your arms off to lose weight, but only twice. So you need to like it needs to be repeatable, right, we need to be able to keep doing this. And the only way to do that is if you love it, so I am relying on YouTube and video here. At some point, I'm going to need to be able to plug a different type of marketing in there. But if we're doing paid search YouTube makes the most sense to me. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  19:47
So here's how I would communicate this. If you're wanting to use circles. You have I think it would it would make most sense there's well, I'll throw out some thoughts like I'm not like him. I think the whole idea of a map or flowchart actually could make a lot of sense. So you have total, you know, one column, you got total strangers. And what do you do with them? It's, it's YouTube channel, it's, you know, all the ways it's search, it's that, then you have acquaintances. And that's your retargeting. They're getting to know you, it's the, and then there is the

Unknown Speaker  20:31
guest,

Matthias Miller  20:33
who is the person who knocks on your door and walks in there either. And I don't know how you want to define that either on your email list, well, maybe that's on your email list. And then there is the the friend, if you want to use that same in a relational closeness example, just when they book an appointment, you start having these conversations. And then you have the inner circle, which is the client community. And I think, putting some language around. Like, when I looked at this, one of the things that's clear and talking to you, in your mind, it's like, these are levels of proximity and closeness as people come closer to you. But it's not really communicated on the circle, I think you'd probably do the same thing. By labeling the circles. They here's here is who is here. And here is here are the tools we use to move them one step closer. And then, and so so maybe it's the label kind of who these people are. And here's, here's what we do to move them closer. And then keeping the language very simple. And only having, even if it's over simplified, possibly only having one, one single direct path for well not direct.

Unknown Speaker  21:52
When trying to say, yes, one time per circle kind of thing. Like your outer circle is going to be the paid search.

Speaker 1  22:05
Your circle is like YouTube channel, a social media. Wow. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  22:11
I mean, that's accurate, either.

Unknown Speaker  22:13
So not quite.

Matthias Miller  22:15
I don't think it's I don't think it's wrong to I haven't thought through the details of this.

Speaker 1  22:22
You know, here's the thing that Matthias what you're saying what you're trying to say about keeping it simple, it doesn't need to be perfect. It doesn't need to be No,

Matthias Miller  22:31
you can have some hand wavy stuff in here. That's only partially accurate. That's 80% accurate. And this to me feels like the curse of what I'm cursed with, which is the engineers diagram of everything. And exactly how it's going to work. And it's 100%. Correct. And, and it's all inclusive. And this doesn't have to be that there can be approximations in this. Yes. Sometimes. In one case, they skip a step. They go straight from total stranger into Interscope. I don't know what like,

Speaker 1  23:06
well, they can. I mean, I happened to one of my agents, because we're doing her reputation management. They found her reviews, they read all of her reviews, and they called her and they're like, you're coming over and listen our house. But that's incidental, right. Like that's something I just talk about when we're looking at the roadmap, the thing we can say?

Unknown Speaker  23:26
We're, yeah, well, I think,

Matthias Miller  23:30
yeah. And I think it's, it's clear, we never slow people down. But we but we're here to walk alongside them. The whole whole process from total stranger.

Unknown Speaker  23:43
I love that you said walk alongside. That's my new thing. I think your neighborhood,

Matthias Miller  23:51
by the way, your neighborhood thing is absolutely genius. Because we've been in this area for 12 years. And we know we know where we want. Like there's these things that we're considering water rights, quality of neighborhood, like all that stuff. What if

Speaker 1  24:08
they're ever going to say on MLS, there's nothing they're ever gonna say until they're not going to tell you like when we moved to Houston. Everybody told us we want to live in the woodlands or we wanted to live in this new hip neighborhood downtown. So we looked at both. Our agent did not tell us that the place we moved to had the highest taxes on any section of anywhere we looked at

Unknown Speaker  24:31
survival.

Speaker 1  24:34
We got our tax bill and we're like, well, Holy fuck, we just moved from DC. Right from Fairfax, Virginia to Houston, armpit Texas. And my tax bill quadruple, and everybody else around us was like, Yeah, you didn't know that.

Unknown Speaker  24:47
Yeah, no. Well,

Speaker 1  24:51
I mean, that's exactly. I'm trying to pull one of the things I'm trying to do with them not in this so much as either me talking or when we start work. Hang on it is I have to get them out of information education mode. Information education is free on Google and into Insight mode inside is what did you just tell me the thing about the water?

Speaker 2  25:13
Water Rights? Yeah. Yeah, this is what that means.

Speaker 1  25:20
You need to know that this neighborhood you have no water rights. So you might get stuck blah, blah, blah, this neighborhood pavatt If you don't care about water rights, this neighborhood has the best shopping you can't say anything about schools that's considered

Unknown Speaker  25:36
against RESPA but

Unknown Speaker  25:39
you can say all these neighborhoods have

Unknown Speaker  25:41
schools in them

Speaker 1  25:44
they're weird about saying stuff like that is considered steering out of neighborhoods because people God bless the south people in the south used to say though, that's a black school for a lot of immigrants in that school, you can't say anything about schools anymore. But you can you can say things right like without without needing to say them or even get into it because talking about something like water right? Or here in Florida in here in Florida. The difference between homeowners insurance on the island and a half a mile away on the other side of the intercoastal is like two and a half to three times. And then if you get into Boca past the island, two to three miles away for here, it's all golf course community. And they don't give a shit about the beach. They don't care how close they are to the beach is golf course golf course. Right? So yeah, that's true. I'm trying to get them to change their thinking around smarketing is what can you talk about that's local that Zillow is never going to talk about Coldwell Banker is not talking about it. They're sending out stupid, you know, oh my god, one of my friends sent me the auto responders that they've gotten. I'm like, who wrote this? Like nobody cares, sending out stuff that nobody cares about. Right? So of course, I don't want to hit somebody over the head with all that but usually in my content I've said of soapbox dit somewhere. So by the time they get to me, they know and they they know it doesn't work to like they, they probably at least somewhere in their mind made the admission to themselves that their marketing isn't working

Unknown Speaker  27:41
so if we pull

Speaker 1  27:41
these out, and I can turn this as well, it doesn't have to be it can be landscape

Unknown Speaker  27:55
Gary Keller

Unknown Speaker  27:55
is the one who started with the circles.

Unknown Speaker  27:59
Gotcha.

Matthias Miller  28:00
I mean, if it's a familiar paradigm, I don't have any reason not to that

Unknown Speaker  28:03
is

Speaker 1  28:04
you know, I wanted this to look like Perry's which is not a familiar paradigm to me to them. But this this circles pushing from they don't know you at all. Where is it? Yeah. So Keller says general public haven't met target group haven't met met group. Allied resources, which just kind of, but yeah, I mean, you can see it's still the circle where you're pushing in, right? I would still use those names. But

Unknown Speaker  28:37
But I think, I think the other thing that's

Matthias Miller  28:41
this is where my, there's where my stickler for consistency and congruence comes in, you've got landing pages and book appointment on the outside, then you talk about active client and client community. So you're switching from things to people. And so, you know, with with Mike, I think, just using those terms of, you know, closeness of relationship moving in and having those be consistent the whole way through having an arrow from, you know, perhaps going through showing that that movement, and, and then having those other pieces like I don't think it's it's that far off. That's I don't think it's that far off. I think it's just I don't know. That's my

Unknown Speaker  29:22
and maybe I'm thinking yeah, but in terms

Speaker 2  29:25
of exactly what I just said, and then meeting with Perry.

Speaker 1  29:32
I'm trying to make it look like smart marketing what I need to connect with their emotional five year old, which is relationship oriented.

Matthias Miller  29:41
That's a fun question. What would it look like to redo this thing

Unknown Speaker  29:45
for the emotional five year old?

Unknown Speaker  29:54
Because they're literally going to go ahead.

Matthias Miller  29:58
You can literally use terms along those lines. In

Unknown Speaker  30:03
the, this might be

Matthias Miller  30:07
the playground buddy, the the next door neighbor, the, the, you know, the friend across the street? The

Unknown Speaker  30:15
the don't know what you use for that, you know the anyway, sorry, Jason, where are you saying

Unknown Speaker  30:37
the realtors that I want in this program want to be referral focused. But they know they need to buy leads.

Speaker 1  30:48
So how to best buy a call it leads to referral magic, right? For an agent leads are names and phone numbers and email addresses on a piece of paper. A referral is somebody who already trust you. If you're not a shit agent, your referrals are really good. Right? So they're not doing all this dancing around commission, I got an interview for agents and I'll call you a month from now. They don't do that. Yeah, which is why they hate leads, but if they need them, or if their team needs them.

Unknown Speaker  31:24
Right. So

Speaker 1  31:27
it's a trust building process. And I just republishing The Ultimate Guide to trust based marketing next week. So what if we put the levels of trust?

Speaker 2  31:37
Yeah, that's good. I like that.

Matthias Miller  31:43
I mean, you would, you have a whole other level of trust, we're gonna drop, okay, I'm gonna grab some water, but you'd have, once you get to inner circle, that is the ultimate trust that you've got.

Unknown Speaker  31:58
I mean, I like that.

Matthias Miller  32:01
The other thing that's playing into this conversation, so my brother hired an agency to help work with, for the, for the software company, and the biggest blind spot, it's the curse of knowledge, and all of us struggle with it. On the on the software side, we're so technically minded that and so engineering focus that we want to be specific in what we're offering and selling and they're like, no, like, go throw all of that away, not throw all of it away, but like, your company brand doesn't matter, you should. Or we're exploring the possibility of building a product brand with these features and tool sets. And even though it's custom, we're still thinking of it as a product that we're selling and productizing this this whole machine and and, and we have to dumb it way down because we've got folks who are the furthest thing from engineers, and even even engineers going back to the five year old with his legs dangling off the chair, like every other software company is marketing like this. So anyway, like even though even from the branding perspective, it's really tempting to brand this from the perspective of the vendor instead of branding it from the perspective of the buyer. and presenting it from the perspective of what are we going to what are the tactics? What was the tactical path versus

Speaker 2  33:37
what are the outcomes? Well, it just looks like this definitely looks like a tactical path. Yeah, right. So a paid search at the organic and repurpose. Well repurpose and

Unknown Speaker  34:00
remarketing go and go on level two and three right.

Unknown Speaker  34:03
And

Unknown Speaker  34:10
this is this is paid PPC YouTube Okay, is indefinitely in

Speaker 1  34:22
one and to really only keep it down to two. So if a lead is a name, an email and a phone number on a piece of paper. The next would be someone who's engaged right somebody who's engaged someone concerned.

Unknown Speaker  34:43
They have some awareness Yeah, they recognize you.

Unknown Speaker  34:57
Recognize you on the street Yeah

Unknown Speaker  35:14
follower learner

Unknown Speaker  35:28
yeah solvers a good way to say

Unknown Speaker  35:37
oh and the first person

Speaker 1  35:46
is just somebody who clicked right somebody who clicked somebody who scrolled scroll or clicker Yep. Follower engager good engaged

Unknown Speaker  35:57
when he's too nice you

Unknown Speaker  36:26
and then you have the person who inquires ready buyer seller

Matthias Miller  36:41
Okay, here's another way to think of it it's also a transformation from a transactional buyer to transformational buyer

Unknown Speaker  36:50
so

Matthias Miller  37:07
even if you're not able to present personas, it's the I don't know you at all. It's the I'm interested in what you have to say.

Speaker 2  37:16
I would like to have a conversation and I'm ready to work with you or

Matthias Miller  37:29
maybe what you're saying is when they actually reach out to you they are at the same quality as the lead as a referral. Which means they don't have these objections. That's what you're pitching to them

Unknown Speaker  37:40
and so it's well it

Matthias Miller  37:48
is okay so at the top of the top of the list it could also be I'm looking for the best deal I'm interested in what you have to say

Speaker 2  37:58
I trust you and I want to talk with you and

Matthias Miller  38:04
I mean from there it's just go do the work and close the deal like

Unknown Speaker  38:09
okay, so

Speaker 1  38:11
every golfer says that you go from trusted authority to trusted advisor

Unknown Speaker  38:21
I wonder if I can get the best deal I went

Unknown Speaker  38:32
do this do you need this No that's fine. Okay I'm gonna Google

Unknown Speaker  38:53
should I check GPT

Unknown Speaker  39:00
actually could be interesting exercise

Speaker 2  39:09
apples in business and if I'm gonna go relationship first.

Unknown Speaker  39:21
Predictability, dependability and faith.

Speaker 2  39:22
What are the five levels of trust? Netherlands reliability, competence, honesty, openness. Stages.

Speaker 1  39:42
Thank you Google for this genius answer. Stages of trusting beginnings middle endings.

Unknown Speaker  39:52
Thank you for being a genius.

Speaker 1  40:00
transparency reciprocity understanding

Unknown Speaker  40:04
safety and time

Unknown Speaker  40:19
shared values integrity

Speaker 1  40:20
concern for others competent and accountable

Unknown Speaker  40:24
that's interesting

Speaker 1  40:30
stage one is connection stage two caution stage three consistency in stage four is courage

Unknown Speaker  40:41
only connection

Unknown Speaker  40:50
to many smoke books there's there's another way with you have the

Matthias Miller  41:04
you have the information that I need, you have the values that I need, you have the insight that I need. Therefore I'm going to work with you

Unknown Speaker  41:22
can revise,

Matthias Miller  41:23
you have the information that I need level twos you have the values that I need. Number three is you have the insight that I need that when those three are all aligned, then you are the trusted advisor and I am going to work with you like there is I know you're an expert and I know you share my values and core values and if I know that you give sound advice like there is no reason for me not to I would be

Unknown Speaker  41:54
of course I'm gonna go for that. Yeah

Speaker 1  42:00
would you put anything about the capabilities that I need it's different to always talk about values and strengths because we have different strengths that we need like take your kids right you don't usually run to your dad when you can the whole top off your knee right you go to ball but I don't know why

Unknown Speaker  42:26
Yeah

Speaker 1  42:31
or is that just adding a layer that doesn't need to be there's I always say tricks we could say strengths or capabilities

Matthias Miller  42:39
you could say has the information has the capabilities has the values and make those the three

Speaker 2  42:47
what if I do insight first I say info get some to click and then go to your insight they see what you're doing email

Matthias Miller  43:05
and then they see your values which gets them to pick up the phone and call

Unknown Speaker  43:29
Okay, I think that's better

Unknown Speaker  43:38
I think that's exactly what it is

Speaker 2  43:45
I just seen it massage through that and not overthink it. Yep. Just at

Matthias Miller  43:50
the end here I was thinking what has Britt told you every so often you got it you just black anyway?

Unknown Speaker  43:57
Yeah. Oh had this silly.

Speaker 1  44:04
It's not an obsession. I only have like four or five of them. But do you know what a ganache is? Here little that little Indian Hindu god that's the elephant. Yeah. Yeah. I'll be he got me one. He got me one when he was in India and it was for work and it was the Ganesh festival.

Speaker 2  44:21
Like Ganesh as a god is the remover of obstacles. That's all awesome. Sounds cool. Yeah. So

Speaker 1  44:40
I was I was talking to her the other day she has has this do the B have do thing a lot. Did you ever do that with your therapist? That's what I want to have. This what I need to do this who I need to be? Yeah. I usually start with the I don't know I never start where supposed to start so have some writing it down the other day after revisiting that you exercise that was pretty cool with the spokes, right and realize and all these people have very similar things about them

Unknown Speaker  45:18
and wrote down

Speaker 1  45:19
all the things they had that were similar and I thought that was my V right. But then they all end with er said remover of obstacles. Truth Seeker door opener. nebbia, sir, life enjoy your fun seeker, tribe builder, outstanding crafter, and I was like, That's my be them like,

Speaker 2  45:38
No, it's not. They're all. They're all do or do. Yeah, right. They're all doing. And then

Speaker 1  45:47
I love this how far I've gotten to with with this. Like, so who do I need to be? I just need to be 100% myself.

Unknown Speaker  45:56
That's it. That's all I need. Okay.

Speaker 1  45:59
And then what do I get to have? Or what do I have whatever I want.

Speaker 2  46:10
The I forget where this was. The biggest obstacle

Matthias Miller  46:18
is usually in believing that who we are, is enough to get what we want. I mean, it's

Speaker 1  46:30
a lot of mine from my upbringing was what you want is inherently bad. And so you need to fight what you want to do something that's actually good. Which isn't true. I mean, there's very few people who really, really want bad

Speaker 2  46:44
things. Yeah. Most of them have a social disorder.

Matthias Miller  46:51
And even when the things are off track, it's usually just a distorted dilute it just distorted. Distortion. caused by something. I mean, anyway, like, yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  47:04
Fear, safety, lack of safety.

Unknown Speaker  47:07
Yep. Yeah. Interesting. Cool. Well, good. This was good.

Speaker 1  47:20
I'm gonna redo it with these in mind, if you have any other words that come into play,

Speaker 2  47:26
feel free to shoot him over. I'll do that. And I'll rework this.

Speaker 1  47:32
I'm glad I did the other way. Because I have the map. And I know what it is. You gave me confidence to be able to put that there. As I am that salesperson who will just make shit up and say, Don't you want it and then be like, somebody needs to be able to do this?

Unknown Speaker  47:54
Like, why not? Why?

Matthias Miller  47:59
That's awesome. Um, other kinds of random Senate, we're in the stages. So I've been talking about this data thing I've been playing around with. And they're in the process of major upheaval right now and switching their data pixel and hopefully improving data quality. And I'm rolling this out for a client, where we're looking to, we're doing a postcard retargeting based off of website searches, and based off of website, identified website, visitors. And our plan is to do like a, actually are plans to do every week for four weeks to send them a mailer, because it's a relatively short sales cycle. And we can test it at what point people can come in. But we've we've heard consistently that I mean, I've been worse has talked about the fact that 45 mailings is has been where he's a studies he's done has been where the most return has been. So it's going to be about but what that lets us do then is take a hyper broad search, but know this, this doesn't work for people who are moving into your neighborhood. Well, for website visitors that might when people hit the website, if we can do identity resolution and get their address, then it might work for people who visit the site even if they're out of state. But it does let you do really broad keywords, hyper targeted to very specific neighborhoods. So you can say like you could do a

Unknown Speaker  49:40
might be a little bit of a

Speaker 1  49:44
neighborhood target broad and then specific keywords.

Matthias Miller  49:49
Yeah, there's not a lot of data on very, very like on the longtail

Speaker 2  49:53
stuff. It works the best right now. Because it's short tail stuff.

Unknown Speaker  49:59
Somebody already paid a lot of money for it.

Matthias Miller  50:03
Yeah, but you're not paying additional money for

Unknown Speaker  50:06
this data. Okay?

Matthias Miller  50:09
Like, it's basically somebody else is paying for the click, the data is going out to shared pixel. Which means that you have High search volume at fixed cost. And then, and then what we're going to do so then, I mean, basically what you're doing by putting the pixel on your website is, well, yes, you are also sharing your information out to the world, but but you can target people who have who do.

Unknown Speaker  50:39
Who do. Let me know how to explain this. So

Matthias Miller  50:46
people who visit your website, that's an easy, pretty easy, easy thing to understand. But then these are broad searches. It's not completely clear to me, if there's a specific search engine, basically, it's it's just pulling traffic data based on what people were searching for at the time, and doing identity resolution on those people. So it's, it's basically, they're basically in market in market leads. I'm, I know the data is, there's no way the data can be 100%. But that's okay. I don't know exactly what the data is like. But at 70 cents a postcard. And by the way, I'm using the postcard mailing I'm planning to use is coming out of Texas. So my plan, what I'm working on putting together in the next day or two, is once we get data flowing in, is on a daily basis, we'll send postcards to anybody who's within a 50 mile radius of one of our physical locations, and put them on a four week postcard sequence. To get him to break with a bring this card in for three free things with three three free things that you get with a purchase. So

Unknown Speaker  52:02
what do they sell it? This is for the

Unknown Speaker  52:04
this is the guy show, guys.

Matthias Miller  52:08
So it could be a text to this. Here's a picture it could be face to the agent, picture the neighborhood and text this for and will will you'll get some kind of I don't know what offers they provide with their

Speaker 1  52:25
own. Here's my thinking on what what should be on a direct mail for

Speaker 2  52:29
an agent right now. The postcard should have the neighborhood or whatever, right? Like the main photo of the house, whatnot. You can put a QR

Speaker 1  52:41
code to their website. It's the neighborhood website that has links to their YouTube or can go straight to their YouTube. Then on the back side, it needs to have their photo and reviews. five star reviews. It's all I want to see on it. I want to see the neighborhood either to a five star review.

Speaker 2  53:01
And either the QR code that goes to their specific

Speaker 1  53:06
website so the IDX feed for that neighborhood. More reviews, a YouTube video that takes him to the channel

Unknown Speaker  53:21
because

Speaker 1  53:21
I mean, I'm highly interested in these postcards, we get them all the time and I look at every one that comes in I've seen one guy that even put any sort of decent copy on his that didn't say sold and voila, call me looking to buy sell 20 years experience. Yeah, yeah, toilet paper.

Unknown Speaker  53:39
So

Matthias Miller  53:41
the reviews on there's an app for toilet paper. Go ahead. Sorry. Yeah,

Speaker 1  53:44
yeah, I know. We actually recycle ours. But anyway, not the toilet paper though. Postcards. If you put reviews on there, and they're obviously reviews, somebody's gonna look at that.

Speaker 2  53:56
Yeah. Or if I'm interested, I clicked on the website that Boca Grande

Speaker 1  54:04
and then they get the thing, best golf community in Boca. Three listings, flip it over, there's your beautiful face reviews. And then the QR K that sends them to the website with videos on it.

Matthias Miller  54:17
Yep. And then once you got that you got retargeting. So you're basically so you could I mean, you can also feed this data into your Google search traffic. I don't know if that even makes sense, because there's some cleaning that you'd have to do to get there. But

Speaker 1  54:31
I talked to Ben about that and Jonathan Wilson about that. And it's weird. They say they're they boasted there's too many tire kickers.

Unknown Speaker  54:40
And I don't know how you would filter it out more.

Matthias Miller  54:47
And I wonder if this list is gonna have too many tire kickers too. I haven't had a chance to test it. But yeah,

Unknown Speaker  54:51
I'm curious how it goes. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  54:58
How many people are you gonna mail Oh,

Matthias Miller  55:02
well, they're setting a budget of 500 bucks per location per month. So I don't think we're going to be able to use it all up. I figured we got like 50,000 identified folks across the US. And so per month, that was the estimate.

Unknown Speaker  55:25
So it's possible that we sorry, hang on

Matthias Miller  55:29
running numbers. I mean, with their budget, we're not gonna do more than

Unknown Speaker  55:32
600 a month. 600 people a month. Got it.

Unknown Speaker  55:43
Got it. That's really interesting, though. And I think it's smart.

Matthias Miller  55:50
So if we, yeah, I'm I'm building out while I'm building this up with a client and building out in the way that I can roll out other types of postcard retargeting campaigns or other types of uses. And I'm kind of kicking this thing around in the back of my head of doing doing some kind of Jonathan and I actually talking about doing some lead gen.

Unknown Speaker  56:11
Talk and Wilson he's working with

Speaker 1  56:16
a dude out in Vegas. I told you that he was my guy. Yeah, guys, like

Unknown Speaker  56:21
so. Yeah, we're gonna

Matthias Miller  56:27
Yeah, different real estate.

Speaker 1  56:30
Well, here's, here's the good thing for me about the PPC guy. I found. He's got the webs the landing pages down. He's got the CRM down. He knows how to do all that. I don't have to think about

Speaker 2  56:40
it. That's he's got a campaign that's working. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 1  56:50
I really like that direct mail piece though. What if you could direct mail to a targeted audience instead of just because right now they just carpet.

Speaker 2  57:01
Now, just so just listed.

Matthias Miller  57:07
If you're retargeting there's not any kind of

Speaker 2  57:11
issue with what's the price? No. RESPA? No.

Speaker 1  57:19
You raised your hand first. I didn't pick you. You picked me. Yep. Now if I send you pictures of only black people, with no ball caps on backwards and puffy coats on, I'm gonna be in trouble. Yeah. More so mortgage people though than realtors.

Speaker 2  57:40
For whatever reason. More say mortgage people think it

Speaker 1  57:46
can get a lot of trouble for your your marketing, not looking like your neighborhood. And if your neighborhoods all white, your marketing shouldn't look like your neighborhood.

Matthias Miller  57:58
It should look like your neighborhood, except when your neighbor is

Speaker 1  58:01
all white. So if you you know, there's ubiquitous photos, like if you're Hispanic, you think they're Hispanic. And if you're black, you're like, Oh, she's got such beautiful light skin for a black person. Right? Those are the photos.

Speaker 2  58:16
Or if you're white, you're like, Oh, aren't they? Thank you. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  58:21
so the photos everybody's using right now.

Matthias Miller  58:24
Yeah. It'd be forced not to stand out.

Speaker 1  58:32
Yeah, everybody's a mixed couple. Well, you know, it's a black, lesbian, transgender. From Southeast Asia, who's married to

Matthias Miller  58:45
pretty soon you're gonna have to have a whole family like the whole like 30, folks, and everybody's fairly representative.

Unknown Speaker  58:51
Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 1  58:53
I mean, you're talking about doing that in the movies, which is ridiculous. Right? Like, come on people. But whatever. We passed ridiculous a while ago. All right. I think anyone I need to work on I definitely am interested to see how your

Unknown Speaker  59:05
back is. On the other question, I

Speaker 1  59:08
want to ask you, I got your email about the list targeting. Give me a few minutes and I think I think I'm really interested in that list the way you're doing it. Okay. Sounds good. I just want I want to get this test it out. And then

Speaker 2  59:24
yeah, I can. I can clean that.

Matthias Miller  59:29
Well, I don't know if DNC matters. But I can clean that for DNC if necessary.

Unknown Speaker  59:35
What is DNC?

Unknown Speaker  59:37
Yeah, okay.

Unknown Speaker  59:40
Okay. You know,

Matthias Miller  59:42
I got a subpoena emails too. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  59:45
Cool. Yeah. I tried to call call nobody.

Matthias Miller  59:55
We had it. We had a door knocker, come to our door, and my wife's done. Senator on the way and in the back of my mind and like

Unknown Speaker  1:00:03
somebody's somebody's

Matthias Miller  1:00:07
somebody's ballsy enough to go door knocking like why should go higher than for out cold outbound?

Unknown Speaker  1:00:13
So, anyway? Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:00:16
I mean you're in Colorado they were they were door knocking in Texas like you're gonna get shot

Matthias Miller  1:00:26
that's true. Well, dogs I'm not sure it's, it's it's it's maybe a little better but it's great

Unknown Speaker  1:00:41
All right. All right. We'll let you go. circle back.

Matthias Miller  1:00:46
Good luck on this of the year how it's fun to see how things are evolving for you.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:50
Yeah, no, this is great. I think this is

Speaker 2  1:00:52
where to take this. Cool. All right, so thanks, Matthias. Yep. Have a good weekend. You too. Yep.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai