Matthias Miller  00:00
let me record this again. So what? What are your takeaways?

Speaker 1  00:06
My takeaways is that a lot of my frustration, and overtime is related to other people's responsibilities, actions and lack of action. And that can be offloaded and eliminated.

Matthias Miller  00:22
So we spent what, 30 minutes on this?

Unknown Speaker  00:26
Yeah. And I feel like a whole new person, and I love my job. So he went for this. What is it helpful? Like, 9,000%? Sounds good. Like I can't even believe a different Cuba training didn't do this for me. What's the cash value of these 30 minutes?

Matthias Miller  00:53
Well, what I've been selling these for is 250. That was the beta pre sell.

Unknown Speaker  01:02
My whole life has changed.

Matthias Miller  01:06
So the question I have is like, what level of confidence do you have that you'll be able to take this information to T or your manager and actually be able to

Speaker 1  01:19
get real change from it? Well, actually, I feel like this. Maybe I'm wrong. And maybe I'm, I wonder what you'll think about it. But when the problems come to me that are not my problem. I wonder if I can just say, wait a minute, why am I handling this? Nope. Yep, there you go.

Matthias Miller  01:44
So it's a, I see this responsibility, I think I should pick it up. Going from that to saying, Actually, I'm spending like 20 hours a week in overtime, fixing other people's problems, that aren't my problem.

Speaker 1  01:59
Perfectly. Good. And this week, I started. So this is confirmation. Yesterday, I sent a list to Levi and I said this has already been prioritized. Customers chat back a month later. Call them back. They're expecting a call from you this week? Yep. I feel powerful. I really do. I feel like I feel like a queen entering into a situation and it's gonna happen. And I honestly think my best way of doing it is to do it in the moment. And then as a question it, I'll be like, well, you know, I paid for coaching for this. Yes, there you go. That's the value it has for me. Gotcha. Talk to me a

Matthias Miller  03:03
little bit about the difference between seeing it numbers versus seeing it without numbers.

Speaker 1  03:12
Well, like this is backbase. Like, this is actuality, this is not my imagination. And I gave you honest answers the whole way through, like reality answers, whereas otherwise, like, my perception is, the TAs are too time consuming. My perception is I shouldn't have spent four hours trying to find Well, it was only two hours. I shouldn't have spent two hours trying to find the loaner table for for a table that was oversold by two other salespeople known about by management. And I found a loaner table when they could have just given her a loaner table. Yes, but they didn't want to talk to her face to face because she was mad. Yeah. And then she cried to me because her sister in law was dying. Wow. Wow. And like, I can't say those things to people because I see the divine moment. And they're like, why would she cry? And I'm like, has your sister in law died? Anyway, beside the point, but but that's the difference. Because then if I don't have numbers on it, I will think about it like my mama. Okay, but if I hadn't talked to her, I wouldn't have known her sister in law was die. But let's be honest sisters in law die on earth every single day and I don't know about it and my life doesn't fall apart. Yep. Yep. You get it. I get it. Oh my god, I

Matthias Miller  04:49
find we have no let's say let's dig a little deeper because all of a sudden you went from saying, hey, I can justify this to Like because you didn't have numbers you said I can justify this and and

Speaker 1  05:07
sorrow. Is it? Because she has sorrow? I can justify the time loss. Yeah. To go ahead

Matthias Miller  05:18
to like, like he here, here's the actual reality of it.

Speaker 1  05:22
Yeah. And I don't have time for it even if she's losing her sister in law? Yes.

Matthias Miller  05:30
And you don't have time for everybody else's chaos that they're creating either?

Unknown Speaker  05:33
No. So you're gonna start

Matthias Miller  05:37
doing a salvation rescue on these people?

Unknown Speaker  05:40
Because you're probably know, and you're gonna

Matthias Miller  05:43
make more money. Here's the next question how much more if you if you do nothing but just okay, you're not totally want to work less. But if you just get rid of that stuff? What's your most conservative estimate of? Like, what what percentage more do you think you'll be able to sell because of it?

Speaker 1  06:13
So like, I think I should increase by 15%. But I don't know what to base that 15% off of is that what I'm actually selling? Or what they're asking me to show? was probably about

Matthias Miller  06:28
15% 15%.

Speaker 1  06:31
That's all from me. That's just my guess. So I'll probably be able to, like, I'll probably be able to beat my goal after this. So then we'll

Matthias Miller  06:44
based on commissions that you earn, along on the increase. How long will it take you to pay off? The time we spend together?

Unknown Speaker  06:58
Like one sale? $1,000 sale?

Matthias Miller  07:09
One more sale, and you've paid for it? Yeah. And it's gonna keep going. It's not just a one time thing. You're going to experience this improvement? No, this is going forward.

Speaker 1  07:20
No matter where I go. She's fun. Both are shaping for me. There's one situation where Jason's response that someone into a mental Mental Hospital in Atlanta four hours away. And he tried to put it back on me. And I said, No, Jason, you asked me to stop being involved. And when she talked to me, I told her Jason has asked me not to not give any input you must talk to him and your response sent him to the center to the mental hospital because she was walking the streets and didn't know who she was. Wow. That's the same thing as this is the same damn damn Excuse me? It's the same thing. There's a fire in my soul that has just been playing the like it's been lit. But oh my goodness. World. Watch out. Well watch out.

Matthias Miller  08:11
Okay, I love it. I'll send you a link.

Speaker 1  08:15
You can pay you want. Do you want cash or coffee? Oh. Or something else? What do I want? I think cash is good. Cash is just send me the link. Yeah. Wait until my commission on Wednesday.

Matthias Miller  08:40
Well, if you I mean, I'm, I'm honestly fine with whatever if you'd rather just do coffee? I don't I really don't mind that either.

Speaker 1  08:46
I don't. I don't have a preference. But I'm doing the 250 because I want to see returns on this. Okay. Sounds good. More than that. I mean, like, would you charge someone else? More than 250 I would charge what would you charge?

Matthias Miller  09:05
I would charge 40 Okay, so I said I was gonna price it at 500 I was going to do 50% off for pre sale. I think 40% On the first round after that, which is

Speaker 1  09:20
300. Like if I do 500 I might do it in two increments, but I don't mind doing 500 Like whatever you know your client.

Matthias Miller  09:32
I wouldn't. I would I wouldn't do 500 In this stage of the game.

Unknown Speaker  09:38
Like I can't even wait

Matthias Miller  09:43
to take the day off to get back to it.

Speaker 1  09:47
Yeah, no. I was literally just thinking they eventually going to work today.

Matthias Miller  09:56
Good stuff Okay so do like

Unknown Speaker  10:02
what yep sounds good All right thanks


Transcribed by https://otter.ai