Unknown Speaker  00:42
Good afternoon Matthias Good afternoon

Unknown Speaker  00:53
Ben Hey

Unknown Speaker  01:17
how're things in New York Yeah, pretty good. Yeah. We have

Ian Miller  01:29
fairly nice weather slated for today. So the 50s right now

Unknown Speaker  01:38
yes

Ian Miller  01:43
we've got it looks like looks like you have nice weather behind you. But looks can be deceiving.

Unknown Speaker  01:50
It's 50s But it's miserably windy. So, okay. That's where the deception lies.

Unknown Speaker  01:59
Yeah we're up to 60 down here. Thursday's pretty projected to hit ad. Ad Whoa. And then there's snow in the forecast

Unknown Speaker  02:15
for Saturday. Oh,

Ian Miller  02:20
I guess now's the year to tout global warming if you live on this side of the continent, or I guess but if you're on the west side, maybe it's the time to to global cooling or something. I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  02:36
words climate change and going down. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  02:42
Hey, yeah

Unknown Speaker  02:51
hey there, Ellis. I can't hear you there. And hear him either.

Speaker 1  03:58
Okay, now, can you hear me? Yeah, there we go. Okay, great. Pretty good. Sorry.

Speaker 2  04:05
I've got you on speakerphone. I might get you switched over to my headset here. If everything goes hunky dory with Bluetooth, but let's let's get going. Sorry about

Unknown Speaker  04:13
that. All right. All right.

Speaker 3  04:23
Well, I think, Ian, what would be helpful I think for the purpose of this call, is to have us walk. Have you walked us through as much of the sales process as possible things that we've got documented in the wiki other types of collateral that you've accumulated?

Unknown Speaker  04:42
I think that's,

Unknown Speaker  04:44
you know, and then we can dive into specific

Unknown Speaker  04:46
questions as they as they come up. Sure, yeah. Yeah, so I guess The start of the process is when they talk to

Ian Miller  05:06
the receptionist, at least for most, the vast majority of the people I've been talking to, I initially called or emailed the receptionist and she got them scheduled, there's been some leads that I've maybe had contact with in the past. And they had my link, and they scheduled it through the link that I had shared with them. But my initial engagement with with someone is usually in a software consultation, typically runs from 45 minutes to an hour and 15. If it's very clear, this is we're not a good fit from the very beginning, then it might be a 15 to 20 minute call, they often, if it's very clear, they're too small for it to make sense to make a big upfront software investment, I might cut to the chase earlier rather than later. To save our our and their time, the majority of the time, we're spending that's been kind of sorted out already through talking to the receptionist, and size, size,

Unknown Speaker  06:24
and internet,

Ian Miller  06:28
which would usually disqualify them has been already talked about. And so usually, it's why I actually have, I'm assuming you all would have access to this as well. But when you open up an opportunity, there should be a snippet. The template, no call outline, initial software consultation. So when you insert that, see sort of the outline that I typically follow. I like getting context, what is your business? Tell me more about your business, what you do, what are the services you provide? And then that sort of naturally leads into the challenges that they're facing, why they call us up? Or why they reach out to us. And so throughout that call, I'm taking lots of notes in the software incident, or in the incident. Sometimes I asked the question, but not always, what does success look for you look like for you, but I'm trying as best as I can to articulate back to them what I'm hearing them say, the pain points that they're feeling, the the end goal that they have in mind, what what what a win would look like for them with software? And then I'm asking then after it's pretty clear, they've to make sure they've shared all they want to share, kind of wrapping it up with articulating back to them what I'm hearing, is there anything any other details you feel it'd be helpful for me to know? Is the assess best options for your software needs? And then from there, if

Unknown Speaker  08:21
they've sort of

Ian Miller  08:23
articulated it as much as they want to, then I'm asking them, would you be interested in hearing on what we offer and what it could look like to work with us? And always yes, so then we're moving into that I'm sort of summarizing for them, kind of the the process all the way from high level design, to to onboarding them, with the tested software, imported data and all that to providing ongoing

Unknown Speaker  08:55
support for them. And

Ian Miller  08:59
and then, of course, they they have questions along the way. So anything from so what are the costs involved to

Unknown Speaker  09:11
what like, what

Ian Miller  09:13
kind of timeline does it look like to get to the onboarding process? And so trying to answer those questions, and then I'm kind of digging into the next step. If you want to move forward with us, what does that next step look like kind of getting into a little more detail about the high level design? Making sure they know that financial investment so that there's clarity on that and letting them know after this call, I'll be sending this info over to you

Unknown Speaker  09:50
and, and that

Ian Miller  09:53
I'd be happy to continue talking with them if they have more questions, but providing them with Some of the documents that they can then take to other decision makers if need be in the process. So I'm, I'm almost always sending the abbreviated call notes, which I have a Google doc template that I use, I just copy the notes that I took over into the Google Doc and kind of refine it a little bit, make it look a little nicer. Download that as a PDF, send them the the high level design document, which I download as a PDF. And I also have, which I often include this not always, but often include the exported pdf of the wiki, that outline that it kind of gives an overview of so under sales, in the wiki, there's an introduction to app hosting software. This is a wiki I put together. And I download this as a PDF as screenshots of our software ways just to kind of give them a visual, what does our software look like? What are some use cases, sort of the at a basic level is often the people we're talking with like tangibles, being able to visualize, touch, see what they might be working with. So just sort of helping give them a picture of what our software infrastructure looks like. So there's three main things a call notes, the high level design document, and the app hosting intro to app hosting are usually the three PDFs I include in the follow up email.

Speaker 1  11:43
So that's kind of Yeah, I don't know. I'd be curious to hear your thoughts questions.

Ian Miller  11:50
I sort of have the outline. Well, I have the outline for the call in the snippet.

Unknown Speaker  11:58
I have

Ian Miller  11:59
those different documents, both in Google Drive and the wiki.

Speaker 1  12:07
What what are some other things that you would like to know about the process? Well, first of all, this

Speaker 2  12:15
is really helpful. And sometime actually, having I don't know whether you would call Ben to make it easy, but actually just kind of doing a actually doing a recording of how you describe the process. You know, the first part of the call probably is varies quite a bit, but just walking through the process. I mean, and would be, it'd be interesting for me to just listen to that. And because I'm guessing there'd be some things that you've kind of learned along the way to say that would be interesting and helpful. And, yeah, so the, I've liked what you've done with your framework, a trend member, there's a snippet include things like asking about business context, or is that just something you kind of know, or do you remember offhand?

Ian Miller  13:06
Yeah, this snippet? Yeah, this snippet starts to tell me a little more about your business what you do, what service you provide? Yep.

Unknown Speaker  13:13
Perfect. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  13:18
Yeah, there we go. Good. Good. Um, we?

Speaker 2  13:24
So I'm curious. We can try look at these statistics. But I'm just curious, when you for your calls, what percentage would you just guess offhand are disqualified just because of the wrong size? Or the wrong size or internet?

Ian Miller  13:42
You're saying once they actually are on the

Unknown Speaker  13:44
actually, yeah, starting to talk with you.

Unknown Speaker  13:49
Over the last six to nine months,

Ian Miller  13:53
the percentage has gone down drastically having reception? Okay. So if I had to guess size and internet it's a it's a rare occurrence when I actually get on the phone, having seen the information about them, and don't have a good idea on whether it's a good fit or not sure you're talking to them, but probably no more than 25% of the ones that I talked to still might be disqualified on the first call, because we don't think they're a good fit. Sure.

Unknown Speaker  14:29
Yeah.

Speaker 2  14:31
I mean, that's encouraging. That's a lot of progress from early days, isn't it? Yeah. Yeah, definitely. And then what percentage do you think is self made? Do you have a sense of how often do people self disqualify this decide their this is not what they're interested in? And how often is it more that we think that it's not a good fit?

Unknown Speaker  14:52
or

Ian Miller  14:57
So problem if I had to Throw out rough numbers, I'd say probably about 75%. Of let's see. Okay, so the calls that we have about 25% are ones that I'm like, Okay, we're probably not a good fit. But here's some ideas, maybe, maybe Sure, refer you to Steven, or I think maybe you should do some more homework on what are on the shelf solutions, they're gonna be better for your needs. 75% of them are probably in the box that I think it could make sense for them to invest in this software. But it kind of depends on if they feel like they can swing it financially, and if they can, actually, if they're actually in the right mindset order, not exactly, yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  16:00
Yeah, something like that. And,

Speaker 2  16:05
and, as I remembering it, I don't know how much this has changed over the years. But often the sales cycle is fairly long. From the time we had the first phone call until we're actually in the high level design. And then sometimes even from high level design until we're actually accepted. Because it is, do you think, has that shifted over the over time? Or that's still kind of how it is?

Ian Miller  16:30
I think that's still kind of how it is. And yeah, I

Unknown Speaker  16:35
think it's just I'd probably say, a lot of it has to do with them, maybe? Oh, my God, you say?

Ian Miller  16:51
Most of them still have to go through a mindset shift before? Yeah, I'm sure they're able to step into that level of commitment and investment in custom software. And it often involves us, maybe helping kind of reassure them, like so it's, it's building trust with them enough to where they feel like yes, I can invest this amount of money, knowing that this is just the start of a much larger investment, potentially to, it's them having the time to bring on board, the other stakeholders, if there are other stakeholders, and us providing them with the resources they need to be able to do that. This guy, so I'm trying to remember the name of the guy that you talked to after I had a call with him. What's his name is just last week,

Unknown Speaker  17:45
genetic? What was it? Yeah,

Ian Miller  17:46
that just Justin, that's right, is fascinating. The shift that happened just on the call, and is just as the trust was building over the call, by the end of the call he had gone from, most likely, we're not a good fit to, I think I'm going to strongly consider moving forward with you guys. And it was just because I was able to articulate for him. I was able to help him see how he's in the same boat as a lot of other people that we've worked with. He He's calling up, he's invested significant money. Yep, system that is not going to take him where he wants to go. And it's, it sometimes just takes takes time for people to just come to grips with, you know what, I don't think there's any way around this. But I'm going to just have to reinvest something that's going to take me further or take me where I want to go. And so I was able to share with him, you know, a lot of the people we help or people who maybe, at the time, it made sense for their business to build what they did, but reaches a point where, where it's not able to go further than where it's at. And you have to kind of just take what they've learned and start with another system that can continue to grow with their business. And then when Ben when he heard that most of the people we work with are in the conservative Anabaptist sector and that we are in that sector as well. That totally changed. Like, oh, they actually understand state. They're in our own communities. Know what it's like. Yeah, so anyway.

Unknown Speaker  19:40
Yeah.

Ian Miller  19:42
So I think it's just a matter of building trust and providing them with helpful answers to their questions and then not feeling pressured to quick make a decision. Often, these are guys who want something that works but they don't want to

Unknown Speaker  20:00
To feel

Ian Miller  20:03
pressured into something that's exactly I don't know, like, Oh, they're just trying a sales pitch on me. And so, yeah.

Speaker 2  20:13
It'll be really interesting to see what Rosewood puts together for marketing materials, they're actually going to be starting up in April or so they sent me okay. I don't know, 15 page questionnaire, something like that. So it's got a lot of information. But I am really hopeful that they will, you know, that they'll be able to help. I mean, having you expressed some of these challenges that people face, you know, initially, prior investment. mindset shift, I think the mindset shift is pretty substantial. I mean, you know, if somebody comes to me and says, Please spend even $10,000, you know, I'll roll my eyes at them. I mean, you ain't you know, this is a great conference, a great marketing speaker, you know, it's only $10,000. I want to see the proof. I mean, I want to make sure that I'll actually get an ROI on this, or so I do think. So some of this will also just be normalizing. So I suspect we will, you know, down the road, we're going to start having people come back that talk to us five years ago, 10 years ago. And, sadly, they will now discover the software. It's four times as expensive as it used to be. But

Unknown Speaker  21:30
so

Speaker 2  21:34
but but yeah, I suppose it is kind of a long term thing. And hopefully, they will keep finding ways to be dribbling out information to people to remind them, you know, this is what software does. And here's how we can help you with that. Have you had any thoughts of hand on how to better reach this market? So I mean, you know, and we'll be talking to Rosewood too, but I'm just curious what your thoughts if you've had any reflections on that, you know, we've done PCB II, and it's been successful, we've been able to grow with that. But any other ideas of how to be reaching this? You know, the broader conservative Anabaptist? Market?

Unknown Speaker  22:21
Ask the question.

Ian Miller  22:24
Hey, Matthias, who's the which client? Did Tim meet with? And PA? Was

Unknown Speaker  22:33
printer guide?

Unknown Speaker  22:35
No, no think? Thinking Thinking?

Ian Miller  22:40
Did did we move forward with anything with EMI? Forget? Yeah,

Speaker 2  22:45
we've done phase one or phase two. And we're getting ready to work in design, I think for phase three and four, something like that. Okay.

Ian Miller  22:53
And EBS he met in person with them to write. And is that moving forward?

Speaker 2  22:59
Yes. They just signed. Okay. That's their biggest project. Yes. So, enter. First of all, that was interest. Oh, really?

Ian Miller  23:06
Interesting. So I think we're three for three on all in person interactions with our,

Speaker 1  23:15
in our pre engagement phases, or are no

Unknown Speaker  23:21
some of those words or phrases.

Unknown Speaker  23:23
So

Ian Miller  23:24
in the sales process, I met him personally with one client and that was with Weaver land. Okay. And that went forward? Yeah, I guess kind of where I'm going with that is, anytime we can meet or interact in person. It seems like it really, it really takes the trust level to a whole new level.

Unknown Speaker  23:45
Yeah, sure.

Ian Miller  23:48
Anytime there's relational connections, or you can play the connection game, also known as the Mennonite game, it can it can do something at least to build that trust. You trust people that know people, you know, but they continue reaching

Unknown Speaker  24:11
the the market.

Ian Miller  24:15
Yeah, I think the more we can build trust with the influencers. That's gonna go a long way. Kind of like with the AI and

Speaker 1  24:31
coaching. Yeah, what happens in that sector? I don't know.

Speaker 2  24:38
That sounds right. Yeah. And I'm actually in 30 minutes I'll be leaving for two AF seminars and compensation, Missouri so I'll be speaking there. And ironically not about software at all. But but the but I am we will have a display table there.

Unknown Speaker  24:55
So yeah,

Ian Miller  24:58
I don't I think it'll be hard to you quantify that? The effectiveness of that?

Speaker 2  25:04
I think it's gonna go a long ways. Yeah, just and AF has said I will. And we were getting some some marketing material around. But AF has the AF business coach said, coordinator I talked to was saying, Well, maybe you should, we should have you fly in September to train our AF coaches on how to use and how software can help business clients. So I would love to do that. You know, that kind of thing? I think, because that's what you're talking about with influencers. But

Unknown Speaker  25:38
yeah, I. Yeah.

Speaker 2  25:42
So I That sounds right to me. And in some way, I mean, probably the more we can also just, it's going to be a combination of things, you know, it's going to be word of mouth. And this will keep growing, as you know, because we were starting to get more references by word of mouth, this person referred, that person is going to be influencers and things like that. And then it's probably also just going to be continuing to look for ways to get her name in front of people.

Ian Miller  26:11
Yeah. And from what I if I had to highlight the

Unknown Speaker  26:17
are kind of what sets us apart.

Ian Miller  26:22
Like there's people out there such as at ashes.

Unknown Speaker  26:27
What wish my

Ian Miller  26:29
Eagle Drawing a Blank, Eagle, Eagle, and I'm not even remembering the name of that new one. That's just recently,

Speaker 2  26:37
I know who you mean. Yeah. Anyway, slicker marketing than we are. But yeah, I can change that soon. So

Ian Miller  26:44
yeah, I think probably what sets us apart, and I've not used any of their software, but what I think will really continue to connect with the people we want to work with is that we have, we have solid support behind what we provide for them.

Unknown Speaker  27:04
We have people who

Ian Miller  27:08
know their software and are working with them

Unknown Speaker  27:12
a connection away from helping them solve their issues.

Ian Miller  27:17
And it's people in the community that knows their problems and is able to solve their issues. And then the other is just straightforward simplicity. Like it's not the bells and whistles, software is just what I want. And without the fluff. extras that I don't want distracting me from what I wanted to do, and it's not glitzy, it's not snazzy, it's just solid and works. It has the personal support behind it. And I think that if I think if we keep providing that will have the work we need. Yeah, we can just find that people are looking for it.

Unknown Speaker  28:09
Yeah, yeah, I think

Speaker 2  28:10
the I mean, the way this is looking, I mean, landing. Landing EVs at the beginning of the year is really encouraging because that's that way and we've been doing a bunch of work for affordable barn on their accounting stuff, but we've got it we've got a bunch of work stacked up and we've got some good some promising things coming up. So and I'm really I'm really eager to see what Rosewood does for us. I I'm it's a big investment, but I am really hopeful because I think they really their market is our markets, the people they're working with are growth oriented businesses that are willing to invest 40 $50,000 For for marketing material I for marketing stuff. And so they're there. I understand the idea of investing in intangibles.

Unknown Speaker  29:03
So I'm, I'm I'm eager

Unknown Speaker  29:07
to see what they can do for us and

Unknown Speaker  29:10
yeah, that's exciting. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  29:13
Matthias, did you have any specific questions?

Unknown Speaker  29:21
I mean, I think the

Unknown Speaker  29:21
thing that most easily gets lost in these conversations is you know, common objections, how you address the objections,

Unknown Speaker  29:31
how you explain things.

Speaker 3  29:36
Things you've helped as much detail as possible around how do you address the mindset shift? What are analogies that you use in conversation?

Unknown Speaker  29:51
Other questions would be, what's your follow up process?

Speaker 1  29:55
How often do you follow up? What means you used to follow up How successful is follow up? Yeah. Yeah, good questions. I yeah, I

Ian Miller  30:16
think. And so here's the objection. And here's the answer is maybe not quite as I could probably think out loud and highlight some of the main objections. But probably the principles that I found most helpful are asking lots of questions and being quiet. And you fairly and after a while you hear their objections and kind of hear the answers to those objections coming from their own mouths, and you just kind of help them repeat it back to them in a way that makes sense. I found the sales, mentor training, invaluable. It really shaped the process that I've followed and

Unknown Speaker  31:07
great was able to have access to that early on.

Speaker 2  31:13
With us vice, that information I'd be interested in, that's probably some extra

Unknown Speaker  31:17
consider exploring. Yeah, yeah. The other.

Ian Miller  31:23
So a few things in other principle. So the one principle, ask questions and be quiet. The first call is mainly to gather information, and to help discern whether they're a good fit for custom software or not, it's not to,

Speaker 1  31:47
to convince them of why custom software is for them. Often, if you can articulate back to them, their problems.

Ian Miller  31:59
They're going to be asking you well, what can you do for me? Because they see you actually understand their problem. The second principle that I think shapes the process, every part along the way is recognizing that the people I'm talking to are, so are used to working with tangibles, and not intangibles. And anytime that I can describe what we provide for them with tangible examples in language, it's gonna be a lot easier for them to understand what we offer. So I've used examples such as well, I found the the article, the vehicles of software is really, really good analogy. They're trying to think of other analogies. I often use the building analogy, that word that we sort of start with what an architect does for a house or or engineer coming up with sort of the blueprint of the building, making sure the blueprint prints right before you actually start putting up putting in the foundation putting up the walls.

Unknown Speaker  33:15
Yeah, that kind of thing.

Ian Miller  33:17
Thinking construction through the construction lens, the farm farm lens, that's our target market.

Unknown Speaker  33:30
itself. Yeah.

Ian Miller  33:32
Follow up, I think is still something that I do not have a lot of. I still don't know, what is. I don't have a very clear. Here's the rhythms of follow up. Well, I think would be ideal is if we're able to drip helpful content to them, you know, on an ongoing basis. But I don't think we really have a process for that yet. But what I've done is and if you see the sales pipeline,

Unknown Speaker  34:10
you'll see I have

Ian Miller  34:12
I guess if you pull up opportunities that are assigned to in, you'll see. So there's the NA people who have maybe interacted with with the receptionist at some point in time, but have not had a scheduled call yet. Actively are people I had a scheduled call with had a call with them. And it's somewhere in the process of them. Thinking about the information I sent them or me working at getting answers for their questions. And then I've once their questions have been answered, and they have they have indicated they're not quite ready to move forward yet. Maybe they're thinking about it some more I bumped them down into I had bumped him down into the offered article where I was sending people hey, would you be interested in a recent article we publish and if they and then once they accept said yeah sure send it over then I bumped them down to sent article and then when another article will come out I go through all the ones so I sent an article to in the past and hey, would you be interested another article came out and bumping him back to offered article until they said yep, I want it and so kind of back and forth between offered and sent offers and sent. And so that wasn't super consistent, but it was just as, as articles were coming out, I was doing that. Every so often, I just kind of go through my pipeline and see other people that it's just, I've interacted with them enough it just does not seem like they're moving anywhere. And then I just close it out and or archive it or whatever. And so their info still there. They ever do call I can search and find it. Pull it back up. And that's happened maybe a couple times, but I don't feel like I have really clear tangible when this happens sure Hi them. Until then don't so

Speaker 2  36:30
yes, if I've ever bored just spelunking through old contacts start giving us get a sense of what some of the stories were.

Unknown Speaker  36:39
So that would be fascinating. Yeah.

Speaker 2  36:42
I also have a report for sales opportunities by month where you can kind of see month by month and you can kind of see patterns because there was a while where it is a little bit quiet and it's

Unknown Speaker  36:58
much happier so

Speaker 2  37:06
like in November we only have three calls but then December there's a number and January we've had an ice a number and February it looks like we didn't get our ad listed yet. I mean it's not the database here but still so

Unknown Speaker  37:25
thanks, sir.

Speaker 2  37:26
And certainly the articles are you know the articles or when people contact us the most recently probably lower quality leads in some ways but it's still getting that that trickle happening. So

Ian Miller  37:41
when you list so grouping them by month is that based on last time that incident was edited or a first time it was created or semi is created

Unknown Speaker  37:53
gotcha

Speaker 2  38:01
and it's fascinating you know we really are I mean

Unknown Speaker  38:06
one big client

Speaker 2  38:07
keeps the can keep lists can keep one development team busy for six months so I mean sometimes two months but so this is this is really the needle in the haystack kind of searching but then when you find them faith dollars is coming back they're probably going to do I'm going to guess 20 $30,000 of development this year. So and every single year they're just one of those great faithful they're they're the they and Triple D are some of my favorite clients I mean at affordable barns Of course it's fantastic and we've really been good you so it a little bit different a little bit more of a distracted client and understandably so it's a side business for them so

Unknown Speaker  39:03
but we were learned

Speaker 2  39:03
it was almost two years it looks like from Yeah, so I we could use this to go back through and just kind of look at the length of time there

Ian Miller  39:18
Yeah, we Rolando is one of those that talked to them and they have questions and then they have more questions and say do we or don't we? And it was interesting with them after we met in person that was basically what the deal is like I I think this is right but having a hard time wrapping my mind around this and then can just sit down and help provide tangibles.

Unknown Speaker  39:53
I'm also

Speaker 3  39:53
pretty confident we would not have closed them without our design process. Sure really big, big piece and getting them over the line?

Speaker 2  40:04
Yeah, having that multi step design process, I think has been helpful. I know that we'll it'll be interesting to Rosewood early on it said we need a smaller, first step. So you know it, there'll be ways that we could come up with $500 offerings or something. And I don't know if we easily can but, but even the commitment to an article is a is kind of a, you know, a minor commitment, but handing over the email address to an article is one step. So

Matthias Miller  40:38
one of the challenges you've talked about is that a lot of people are looking at this, not just from a lot of these are looking at it from what's the grand investment, with, perhaps points to bail along the way, but there's a lot of them that are trying to make up their mind from the beginning whether they're going to do the whole thing or not. Yeah,

Ian Miller  41:00
it seems like, well, it's kind of like, I don't want to spend $3,500 on this thing, if I'm not pretty convinced that it's taking me towards the green investment I want to make. So I think if, if you do find something before the 3500, yeah, if there's a way to make that something that, in and of itself, provides them with the end product. Like they can walk away, and it's pretty clear in their minds. This gave me my return on investment, no matter what the end result is,

Speaker 2  41:44
I don't know. Yeah. See, Rosa, I'm kind of guessing Rosewood may do something like this for us too. But when I reached out to them, when I finally after a long sales call, I got this nice box with melted chocolates in it. So but then they have all these helpful booklets, you know, brand development, welcome to rosewood, the marketing path, introduction, marketing, guide path, website solutions, you know, digital marketing, and I still have a silly thing sitting here on my file cabinet. Um, so I really wonder if continuing to build out tangibles, you know, after a sales call, if we would send them something like this. And so and it's expensive enough that, you know, if I, and it's helpful enough, but I'm not quite ready to throw it away. And I know, I want to show it to my bias sometime. And so it just ends up sitting around. I mean, it's kind of fantastic. So you know, it's I'm hopeful that some of those, and there'll be a lot of work to pull together. But that kind of thing, I think could be really valuable.

Unknown Speaker  43:00
Yeah. Yeah, I think you're right. Yeah, well,

Unknown Speaker  43:08
I think we've used up most of Ian's time here.

Unknown Speaker  43:12
And I don't know. Matthias, are there more pieces

Speaker 2  43:19
that you're wishing that you're thinking about? Or?

Unknown Speaker  43:32
I don't really know.

Unknown Speaker  43:42
And

Speaker 2  43:42
we may discover some things along the way. I mean, I mean, it's. And I mean, yeah. And I really do want to express appreciation for for your, your role you have done, you've done an exceptional job at something that's really tough to be able to sell saw software like this. And I really feels like God has provided that I'm back in country kind of at a time where your schedule continues to pile up. But there may be maybe there's some times we could just connect up again, you pay for some of your time or something and figure out when you're free. And just to kind of maybe go through a few some of these, maybe go through some new incidents and say, you know, this is, here's some things we're discovering. Here's what feedback you have, or have you seen these patterns before? That kind of thing could be helpful, because probably once we start having tangible examples, you may have some specific inputs. Oh, yes. Well, of course I see this on every other call. And it's we did think about talking about it, but

Ian Miller  44:40
yeah, yeah, I'd be very open to that. Yeah. Okay.

Matthias Miller  44:45
I think I think Ian from from your standpoint would be helpful to know what's we're going to timeframe Are you comfortable with us doing that I'm taking I can't imagine we want more than one, maybe two phone calls a month. For that kind

Speaker 2  44:59
of thing. needs to be, I don't even know, it needs to be more than one one a month and or even it doesn't even necessarily have to be one a month. So what I would propose that we don't necessarily we don't ask for a commitment from Ian. You know, it's just if if we're interested in something, we reach out and say, hey, you know, when would be a time when you could chat for an hour or two? Yeah. And how does that sound to you?

Ian Miller  45:22
That sounds very good to me. Yeah. Good. Yeah.

Speaker 2  45:26
I like it. Great. Well, yeah. Well, thank you very much, Ian. And hopefully, our paths will cross we'll be in New York here, or with MTC debriefing? Three, four weeks, so. Okay, you'll get to see see a bit then. Sure. Yeah.

Ian Miller  45:45
Yeah. And I also just want to thank you guys, it's been, I've really enjoyed working with you all. And I feel like I've learned and grown so much through working with you guys. So thanks for the opportunity. I feel like it's been a really good fit for kind of the, maybe the needs I had, whereas that flexibility as well as sort of a balance between having some structure but not overly amount, structure where I could go and explore and figure out things. You know, yeah,

Speaker 2  46:26
yeah, this whole sales process is, you know, is quite useful outside of the business world to I mean, just in relationships and things. There's

Unknown Speaker  46:35
definitely, yeah, yeah,

Ian Miller  46:40
well, coming out of this call, I'm thinking what I'll do is pull together an email, if this, I'll just share this and see if it's, you think it's helpful pull together an email, I have a folder. And I just want to go make sure has helpful info, but has some call recordings from the past. Oh, okay. And I'll go and see if there's more all recordings that I don't have in there that should be in there sure, might be helpful to listen to. Another is sharing the link to the folder that I have on Google Docs, or Google Drive, with the, with templates and things that I've used over the last while and you can dig around, poke around, see if there's stuff of interest. And of course, I'm sure you all have access to it, but just give you direction to where to look. And then I'll send over his

Unknown Speaker  47:38
links to any leads that I think

Ian Miller  47:41
are important to stay connected with or to be watching. Alright, continue to cultivate to the higher quality leads that maybe need some continued cultivation. But you feel like that would be helpful,

Speaker 2  47:54
it'd be very helpful. Now, that would all be great, it'd be glad to have you work on that. And, and some of those things, I think, you know, work into your schedule as you can, and we will pay you if we're feeling a need for it. But I think there's some flexibility on that, too. So sure. Probably the biggest thing that we'll want early on is the and I probably have seen some of these emails, but the template of your response, I mean, your your things you send off to someone. And so we're playing the plans we have is that I'll be doing the sales calls, we've opened up my calendar from one to three every day. Okay, there's gonna be two to four in Eastern time. And then, and then Ben is going to join me there. And I'm just so terrible details. So I have this fantastic call. And I have to take notes, Dan, and so hopefully, Ben will help me with that. So I can just be full on salesperson without trying to take notes as I go.

Unknown Speaker  48:54
Sure. Yeah.

Ian Miller  48:56
Yep. Sounds good. No, that's, I think that there's a lot of potential with that. That sounds sounds great.

Unknown Speaker  49:06
Okay, well,

Speaker 2  49:07
thank you very much. Matthias, you had another call? I should, I should tuck my stuff in the van and things. What's your schedule, like? But

Matthias Miller  49:18
I've got another hour or so before I need to hop on the call. You want to give me

Speaker 2  49:23
about 510 minutes and I'll I'll do you want the same connection or just signal you are?

Speaker 3  49:29
Let's see. We're gonna have been joined that one as well. We're short been fine with me. Yeah, I mean, if you can jump back in here, or I can give you a phone number that you can dial in which which you prefer. I don't mind Tethering and jumping back in here. Okay. Sounds good. Yeah. Okay. Well, then.

Unknown Speaker  49:48
Thank you for listening. Take care. Thanks.

Ian Miller  49:50
Same TLS All right. Thanks, guys. Would you have a couple of minutes here? I would. Okay, and it's alright if Ben's on here. It's not But yeah, but, um, basically I just wanted to make sure like, are there that kind of what are you seeing as far as my connection with code house right now? Any like,

Unknown Speaker  50:12
Yeah, I'm curious to hear your thoughts on that.

Speaker 3  50:16
I mean, I think I think this relieves you as soon as we've got the loose ends tied up and the handoff just relieved to have any kind of code house connections and I think probably my vote would be to, I'm gonna kill this. We don't really need this in recording on


Transcribed by https://otter.ai