Unknown Speaker  02:52
Hey man hey it was

Speaker 1  03:00
um should be hopping on here shortly not 100% sure where he would want to go today sure

Unknown Speaker  03:21
looks like it'll be a little bit as DGA items and then ve t got it

Speaker 2  04:06
so when you've got spare time, what do you end up doing? I mean, at work at work? Do you have kind of special special projects that you fall back on? Or how do you do that?

Speaker 1  04:20
Um, I often will go through like sales leads. And yeah, look over them see if there's anything that might be possible like yeah, ask for quality leads or something like that reach out to them. I've done that all the beginning of the year some time and kind of weeded out a good number of them. That kind of filtering down. Sure. And yeah, it's doing some other like I'm still We're working through figuring out the best way to streamline certain things as far as like, even something as simple as like bookmarks or email labels and stuff like that. Yeah. Sometimes I'll work on stuff like that. I'll go into whatever designs we might have going at the time and or over those and see if there's stuff that you're comfortable with. case being on my own, yep.

Speaker 2  05:33
Do you do you? Do you currently do you think you'd have? You've got mostly client since pretty much in your head? Oh, my head? Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 1  05:44
Um, I think I'm definitely getting there. Should I say probably the one I'm least familiar with, it's probably accept be joining emerge. And yeah, wrapping my head around that, but some of the ones like the AWA. Sure, even like a lot of the ones that we've really worked hard on over the summer and whatnot. Yeah,

Speaker 2  06:15
okay. Well, no, if you need stuff to fall back on it, we're just chatting about what kinds of things he can be focusing on if he's not, you know, tied up. And I mean, obviously, client support and design are the top priorities. But what are things to fall back on? And the I mean, fleshing out documentation, it certainly could be could be a good thing, or just an interest learning, making sure you know, the systems, but especially a lot of the older systems are not documented that well. So yeah. Those would items that could be a fruitful place to put time if if you're I mean, if you're if you're ever bored, so

Speaker 1  06:54
yeah, yeah, I've done that with Z GA back when he started this space. Yeah. We have to the proposal at one point, and we're like, this is great. You discovered that there's not even there weren't even mockup built for it, either. Sure. So yeah, I spent a good bit of time on that one. So yeah, over time, I'm sure I'll get to looking into some of the other ones as well. Yeah, makes sense.

Speaker 2  07:28
Do you? Do you all try to keep mock ups current after the initial deployment or basically just the initial deployment, then let them go?

Speaker 3  07:40
It's mainly the initial deployment and then like the initial initial design, and then like, larger customizations? Sure, that makes it like, here with with Z GA, then we're using we're using since it's some significant changes we're, we're doing mock ups for Yep, that too.

Speaker 2  08:00
Sure. Makes sense. Yeah. Okay, well, let's dive in. We've got 52 minutes.

Speaker 3  08:07
All right. First off, let's go ahead and quickly decide about Thursday's call. LSU said that either Friday, try Friday. Sorry, trying for Friday or something next week, Monday. So I am out next Monday. Afternoon through Wednesday. Okay. Plenty of work some Monday morning and possibly some late Wednesday. Sure. So I would be skipping the CSS call on Tuesday. Okay. I'll let you guys run with that. So probably, you can work on. So if, yeah, if we're skipping Thursday, if we can move it to Friday? That would be great. That'd be fine.

Unknown Speaker  09:01
Just go ahead and just focus on normal time.

Speaker 3  09:04
The normal time okay, let me just double check my personal calendar quickly for that. Yeah, I would I would have worked to do it either. Either later, like an hour later. Sure. I can do that. Or we're in the morning. Oh,

Speaker 2  09:26
later probably better in case I need to talk to coat drafters. So, just go ahead and schedule it. Like it's waiting for me, but it will I can juggle. The other thing that's so it's not just go ahead and book it. Okay.

Speaker 3  09:43
All right. And I say they're focused on CWA because I was wanting to hit a bunch of CWA change requests. But we might have, we might use it for for Z et and SFB and stuff instead. Sure. Since we haven't really gotten the ball rolling on CWA yet, so. Okay, great. So that'll that'll be helpful then. And then does that work for you then? Because I didn't.

Unknown Speaker  10:19
Okay, yeah, that's fine.

Speaker 3  10:23
Okay. And then, for our conversation here today

Speaker 3  10:37
First off, you have a few things in the ZTA. Phase three. Okay. Questions for you?

Speaker 3  11:01
And let's see, we emailed Ben. Larry replied already, but about the stuff we asked him about, right? Yes, I've got these answers. Okay, I see right there. Okay, so we can work on that. So first one, a few then LS. When we are working on these scheduling calculations, projected start date projected finish date. We are we're saying basically, it's based calculated based on a few other things, but we're not. We're not putting in the math for it. Is that fine? Or would you like us to go ahead and put in as well?

Speaker 2  11:55
Is it exactly like the math was last time?

Speaker 3  12:02
It's, I think it's very similar. I'm not sure what all the math is her way. It's simpler and simpler. Okay.

Speaker 3  12:27
So like just here, the finished, or let's say projected start date. Here, we say it's calculated based on the projected finish date, for the last incident on the assignee schedule, weekly shops, scheduled shops, which will ride when they sign his contact record, and the estimated hours for this project. We're like, there's their details there. Like that last incident on his schedule. If it cuts, you know, it goes, it's three hours into the day, and he has sort of eight hours available for the day. That means he has five hours available to start on this project today. And then we go from there. So like, there are different

Speaker 2  13:08
do we have? Yeah, I mean, to, I mean, maybe it's a completely separate section. But if we don't have calculations documented, you know, whether you do it as part of the design phase, where we just, you know, kind of close or do a ballpark and then we actually work out the details in implementation, that'd be fine. But we do need to have it documented. So okay. If we don't do this design phase, and just put a note in the dev spec to be a time for working on calculations.

Unknown Speaker  14:13
All right, you're

Speaker 3  14:21
all right. And did you get a chance to review the overhauled report that we have been sent over? I don't remember. So I assumed that somehow. Okay. i You hadn't replied I don't think so. Yeah. Okay. Would you want to do an overview now? Sure. So this is the the schedule report. We took the the existing report, and then put our edits in overtop of it. So the blue is stuff that has changed. Okay.

Speaker 2  15:01
It's more important than meets all the following criteria stage it was ready to invoice not child incidents

Speaker 2  15:19
Okay, so group by location category because shop for spice stage second by assignee ish slash shadow. Now you put assignee and shadow together into one grouping.

Speaker 3  15:38
So if it is a he currently and this is I think how we were doing it here, it counts the shadow assignee as a as an assignee gives him his own grouping. Sure. So like, here, here, Ben would be the primary assignee on these two and the shadow assignee on this one. Once it in his schedule, it the current design is that it doesn't, it doesn't affect his schedule. It's based off of the primary assignee schedule down here. Sure, it shows on his schedule, accordingly, reflecting that, but now it looks like the client wants to change that.

Speaker 1  16:38
Yeah, he wants the signed, like, whoever is hasn't. Whoever is an incident, a shadow attorney on an incident still affects their schedule budget, not all the incident.

Speaker 3  16:55
You know how complicated that's gonna be? That's gonna be really complicated, won't it? Because

Speaker 2  17:03
I mean, we can block out time for it. But how do you?

Speaker 2  17:18
Because when does he start working on it? Basically, I guess what you have to do is you basically scheduled in when you think the primary guy is going to be working on it. And then you say that this guy is going to be working on that one at that time. And then anything other than jobs need to spill before or after that. So basically, when when I'm figuring out a schedule, I first ask, Am I Oh, Shadow assignee. And I figured out when the shadow assigning jobs are going to be coming up and fill in those blanks in the catalog. I mean, fill in those blanks as it were, then I start spilling my own stuff around that.

Speaker 3  18:02
Right. So have to calculate what percentage of the hours go to which to which a person? Because if it's a child job that's budgeted to take eight hours, and you have the main assignee and this how to assignee does that mean, does that mean you're planning on eight hours? Together? like eight hours, all told? So they're each working on eight hours? Are you planning on eight hours? With each of them doing four? Or do you see some other proportion where the lead assignee gets two thirds and the shadow assignee gets 1/3 of the hours or something. Right? And then how does that fit into the schedule? Does it show up as four hours with sharp is eight hours or sharp is six hours? Well, and then

Speaker 2  18:59
even worse, well, to figure to figure out if I'm a shadow to figure out my schedule, I first have to figure out the main guy says schedule but if he in any chance has a shadow someone else or even worse for shadow for me.

Unknown Speaker  19:19
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  19:28
Maybe we shouldn't have asked this question.

Speaker 2  19:38
How urgent are the Chateau things? Are they doing that for learning? Are they doing that because they need to people working on it.

Unknown Speaker  19:49
Think it's a combination? Sure.

Speaker 3  20:04
just looking to see how many there, this guy's a shadow on one job. That looks like it's the only shadow job.

Unknown Speaker  20:16
So they just don't do it a lot

Speaker 3  20:18
at this point, I mean, as of right now they only have one job out of 9045 45 the rest aren't scheduled and assigned to a tech yet but

Unknown Speaker  20:39
so, at this point is 2% or less, at least on today's schedule

Unknown Speaker  20:58
so, anyway, that's

Unknown Speaker  21:19
just go back to them and say, looking at this more, we realize that doing it this way is going to make it extremely complex for

Unknown Speaker  21:33
Yeah, I'm just trying to think through how you would

Speaker 3  21:35
give examples and just make sure that he's sure that that's what he wants to do. And yeah, oh.

Speaker 2  21:58
Well, normally we don't even show child jobs on this report. Right.

Unknown Speaker  22:04
Right. We are. And that's another question. That's the other question we asked him. Where was that question? Where that question was been?

Unknown Speaker  22:26
Oh, no, that's that one was higher up in that one it was on I don't remember what section it was there.

Speaker 3  22:43
Yeah, here. So we were asking about the calculations for those dates. If different child jobs are same parent have different assignees. Because of that very thing that the report on schedule report only shows a parent who will assign the parent and all child incidents one tech, there may be other texts working on one or the other of the child incidents as Shadow both stay under the text the lead text assignment.

Speaker 2  23:16
So normally do you also for the lead tech, you only show the main the main incident? Is that right on the on the scheduling report. Right. But then, are we proposing to show child incidents for shadow for shadows? Or not?

Speaker 3  23:35
Well, we that's what we'd have to look at. How do we do that? Do we show child incidents for shadows? Or do we just show the parent incident? Even if you're assigned to one of the child incidents? Or one or more of the child incidents?

Speaker 3  23:59
Because you've also got the complexity he was thinking like well, we're thinking as far as projected finish date and and projected start date.

Speaker 3  24:16
How was that? Oh, he was initially fine with child incidents showing just displaying the projected start date and projected finish date from the parent. Sure. Because otherwise, yeah, otherwise, you're setting multiple target start dates or about Yeah. On one hand, it's simplest just to do that, especially the schedule report is only showing the incident. On the other hand, if you have portions of your job of the complete job, you have certain child incidents that you're starting now and other ones that you're starting. You want to start to weeks from now then that makes the schedule report really well I mean inaccurate at best

Unknown Speaker  25:08
and confusing

Speaker 3  25:28
so I don't want to dumb down their schedule report too much right but there's I feel like we're there's a fine line between dumbed down and unreasonably complex

Unknown Speaker  25:42
right I agree with that the

Unknown Speaker  26:05
trying to think if there's any

Speaker 2  26:20
so so okay here propose I mean we have to somehow come up with proposed rules of how we're going to do that the proposed Well, that's right I mean

Speaker 2  26:39
Okay, and I assume that rarely will the same rarely will that same tech actually be I mean that you'll have one guy that's a shadow from it usually probably the shadow people are juniors does that sound right to you?

Speaker 3  27:03
Right they're probably usually you the juniors or just an extra set of hands right if needed to complete the project Yeah, right.

Speaker 2  27:17
So in some ways, if you want to just solve it practically say well when you did this man when we do this manually, how would you do it without any with with fixed concrete rules? And one of the challenges is we don't actually know where in that job the schedule you know that the I mean, let's say it's a one week job. We're in that one week are we going to need the one day of the shadow guys time right. Now one possibility is to just bump it all up to the front I mean, so you list the time well that that's not right either

Speaker 2  28:14
so everything that he gets done before it's time for him to shadow is basically shadow is unscheduled sitting on the front but it pushes everything back

Speaker 2  28:41
now what's weird is again if there's shadows on shadows etc that's that's just where it gets really complicated

Speaker 3  28:53
and we could sit we could just make a rule validate against shadows on shadows

Speaker 2  29:00
Well, it's a little bit tricky because I think you might have I mean it could almost be a loop a shadows BB shadow see see shadows a so it does get a bit tricky. The Yeah, you're right. In right now when we're, we just we basically said the order that things are coming in, but then we just we just do basic math to figure out how it flows down through is that right?

Unknown Speaker  29:43
I think so.

Speaker 2  29:47
Now, let's see, here's the other thing is from a scheduling standpoint, you really have to pay attention to well, when is the when are you actually going to need the shadow

Unknown Speaker  29:59
and and it will because what if the shadow guy is suddenly on a truck that day?

Speaker 2  30:31
Or if we never actually specified, how often do we specify the exact date that something's going to happen on? Do we do that? Or do we usually just just set the order?

Speaker 3  30:45
Let's see. So we are we have the projected start date that's based on like here, projected start date for this is based on the projected finish date of the job before it. Sure. I think essentially what it is, sure. So yeah, we have that. But we do have the sort order. And so like here, we can reschedule. Sure and move it. On now, it's not loading, but move it above or below other jobs. And then we track the actual start date when they actually started tracking your time on it.

Speaker 2  31:33
And then if we if we schedule a truck run, how does that schedule does that? Because this here is by mechanic is that when we say, oh, we need to do a service run? How is that scheduled?

Speaker 3  31:49
So we are planning at this point, we're planning to have the master report, have everything on it, like, okay, like the report does. But then you would have a shop schedule report and a truck schedule report. They would only show shop and truck. And I've we put a note in here that since that there may be gaps. So basically, if you have shopped jobs, and then truck jobs and then shop jobs. But you're only showing the the shop report, there'll be a gap in there because it's all using the same, the same time the same.

Speaker 2  32:28
Okay. And when you schedule something on a truck, you're actually scheduling it for a particular technician, not just a truck.

Speaker 3  32:34
Right? You're assigning it to a tech. And then and then it goes to Yeah, as far as which area Yeah. So all the scheduling is based on the texts and their availability. Yeah.

Speaker 2  32:58
Well, and one option would be to see if Matthias has any brilliant algorithm breakthroughs. But other than that, I'm not quite sure where to take this thing. Because I think you're right, we're trying to balance complexity with clarity.

Speaker 2  33:30
I don't know if you go to a client and just start explaining how the complexity if they suddenly have a breakthrough and say, Oh, well, let's not I mean, let's barely even reserve room for it. I mean, I don't know what they would say.

Unknown Speaker  33:48
And it really depends on the use cases and stuff.

Unknown Speaker  34:26
Okay, so we'll plan to do that. And then back up to the report here. You're asking about grouping and assignees. Shadow assignees. So yeah, as far as a grouping, it's when we say assignee slash shadow. We're putting them all to we're lumping them together.

Unknown Speaker  34:53
Sure, so to speak. Yeah, I understand. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  35:10
Good well

Speaker 2  35:21
I mean, I think in general, this, the basic ideas make sense, but I am pretty thoughtful about the calculation side of things. I mean, that's, that's really kind of the million dollar question if we can get that defined lately. So, okay, now, there's this since sorting now is happening, my target start date, how do you set the target start date?

Unknown Speaker  35:49
That's on the incident.

Unknown Speaker  35:52
And they're going to they're always going to be entering that you're saying?

Unknown Speaker  35:56
Yes, that is.

Unknown Speaker  36:08
The target start date.

Unknown Speaker  36:11
And what do you do if they're if they've over booked it? Or under booked it?

Speaker 3  36:19
So the let's see here. We would need to work on the report, we would need to have a secondary sort of I don't remember, did we or not? For the calculations? That would be you need to make sure you have that figured out. However, I mean, probably however, we were doing it for the due date, because we were using the due date. We are using a due date currently. Believe for the starting calculations. Or wait, I'm sorry, the target start date. Projected finish date. No, this is actually wrong. I think this is actually should be projected start date rather than target start date? Sure.

Speaker 2  37:20
So. So do they type in a target start date? Yes. So they type in a target? We use that for our sorting. And then then we but then we also show them a projected start date.

Speaker 3  37:37
Right. So the projected start date is is what the scheduler you know what the scheduling logic says? The day that you have availability to start this the target start date is is their verbal commitment to the client that this is when and when we're planning to start or when we this is internal when we want to start short.

Speaker 2  38:02
Well now one way to do it in the shadow Beamish, could a shadow scheduling happen based on the target start date? Hmm. I don't know what to think about child incidents. But that would be a simple way to do it is just to say shadow is I mean, we schedule the shadow based on when the what the target start date is. Uh, huh.

Speaker 3  38:45
So it basically just is that first displaying it on his on his schedule? Or is that for actually calculating his schedule logic then? Both?

Speaker 2  39:02
Because it would give us it makes so that nothing cascades? Yeah. You. You say, Well, it starts on this date. And we need this many days here. And we book it out as if that's what's happening. I mean, I don't know if that's either that or the other way to do it is to have a basically have a shadow date or something field where you literally specify when when he's going to be shadowing. But yeah, I was wondering if we could just use the target date for it because the projected date is so slippery, yeah, you can cascade so aggressively.

Unknown Speaker  39:48
Right? Sure. So

Speaker 3  40:45
So then the question would be

Speaker 2  41:16
okay and do you think we have enough documentation on how scheduling work before that we can just use that first the current one or do do you need someone to to figure that out for you? Or to show yeah see what see what we're doing

Speaker 3  41:33
the the spec here doesn't have it. Okay. It might be on the on testing jobs you had sent over that that export of testing job names so we should be doing in the testing jobs but I'm not sure that the testing jobs even quite habit because I was testing the behaviors but I don't know that he gave the actual calculations on those so we My plan was to have someone go there looking for it Sure. Yeah, that

Unknown Speaker  42:09
let me just quickly see what I see. Which report is it the employee shop schedule?

Speaker 3  42:16
It is the notice on that one is the schedule just a straight up scheduled incidents Yep.

Unknown Speaker  42:25
Okay, got it here. I'm

Unknown Speaker  42:30
taking just jumping into it. So columns projected to date projected start date

Unknown Speaker  42:52
Sofia does not have children

Unknown Speaker  43:08
so right now it looks to me like

Unknown Speaker  43:17
a job sketch JobScheduler matrix row eight

Unknown Speaker  43:42
okay

Speaker 2  43:50
Okay, so here is a macro if you just want to put a note somewhere the

Unknown Speaker  44:03
feel worker hours

Unknown Speaker  44:13
Yeah, so we figured out how many hours per day

Speaker 2  44:25
Yeah, I think we just have a schedule. We look out for up to 1000 days, but we just have which we really wouldn't have to go that far. We can go out probably 200 days and it'd be fine for a year. But we just we just figure out

Speaker 2  44:46
how many hours he's got each day based on schedule. And then and then work so there's no padding. There's nothing magical. There's nothing that says you know

Unknown Speaker  45:01
hours for date is greater than zero

Unknown Speaker  45:08
the current date

Speaker 2  45:16
scheduled hours worked hours remaining hours.

Speaker 2  45:26
Yeah, so we just take the number of hours work, I mean, numbers of hours on the schedule, and we don't do any padding or anything like that. Does that make sense? So, if and it looks to me

Speaker 2  45:51
for every job, take the remaining job hours allocated across days until the day is done. So if you go into the Do you know how to get into an expression editor

Unknown Speaker  46:05
from where or where you

Speaker 2  46:06
from, from any, any good system, yeah. Top corner, top corner and there's an ellipsis Expression Editor, evaluator, paste in the thing that I pasted in there sent to you. And then hit Alt G on it. Click on it and handle G there we go. So here are the here are the comments. For every job, take the remaining job hours and allocate across days until that job is done. And we go out for up to 1000 days and then just give up and keep going down a little bit further. Move to next date if we don't have hours left. So hours Let me double check the hours for date. How do we use that?

Unknown Speaker  47:17
Let me double check whether this just dumps it in.

Speaker 2  47:26
Remaining. Yeah, there we go. So if we if we think we've got if we would, for some reason have one hour left, we'll say that it finishes up tomorrow and we you use up one hour of tomorrow, etc. But we don't do anything magic with this percentage of padding, you know, this percentage, sick days or anything like that. It's pretty simple. Right? So I think the heart of what it is we could we could add more padding if we'd want to although I haven't heard them complain about it. The heart of what it is is that they should estimate long. If anything, they should be estimating long on the hours to make sure that there's I mean that they don't slip their estimates but probably the other thing is they're doing a better job than almost anyone else does. It doesn't matter what Okay, so this is the logic I mean, it's complicated but it's still pretty straightforward. I bet but still it will take it'll take a bunch of work to mix and shadowing stuff and we just needed to find how it's done

Unknown Speaker  48:36
okay

Speaker 3  48:46
Okay, so do you have thoughts at this point? Whether you're just going to completely do a new report or whether you'll integrate all these changes into the existing report or do you just want to

Unknown Speaker  48:59
I don't think it matters I think Yeah. Okay

Unknown Speaker  49:07
all right

Unknown Speaker  49:22
hey

Unknown Speaker  49:34
okay quickly on this one

Unknown Speaker  49:44
actually these

Speaker 3  49:51
these two of these I incorporated incorporated into the proposal already and this other one is just something really minor All in all items, so we'll just plan to do this as a little as little change requests alongside of things, that'd be fine. So

Unknown Speaker  50:29
she's gonna show me the phase three overview. I'm curious what it's going to be. And what it's talking about as the overview of what we're doing

Speaker 3  50:35
is really, really bare bones right now. But

Speaker 3  50:46
it was just a summary basically of their three genius pain points and what we're looking to fix here. So we are working with Matthias on QuickBook stuff summarized stuff for him today. Yep. And we're planning to get him on a call with a client next week to chat about it a little bit. Sure. And yeah, working on that. Our goal is to have this to have it done and ready to go to the client at the end of October. Got it? Yep. So we hopefully will beat that. But

Unknown Speaker  51:25
to have the proposal ready, you're saying?

Speaker 3  51:28
Right, so hopefully, we'll have the the design done in the next two weeks, and then, you know, you have a week to price it or? Yep, have it ready to him to go to him by the by October? Last few minutes here. Okay, this is this isn't picking up again, scheduling stuff. This was something that I was missing information the other day. So we talked to a client more about it. Currently, for jobs that are scheduled, but not assigned to a tech, those jobs are currently not included in. Those are not included in the scheduling. Got it? They they don't have a projected start date or finish date. It looks like it's actually why did that one get one? It looks like it's because time was tracked on it. Maybe? Yeah, that's okay. Sure. But then these two don't these four don't. Five. So I'm not exactly sure. But they, instead of instead of assigning jobs to tech way in advance, like their original workflow was their original workflow is let's plan this out way in the future, I'll assign the job to a tech right away. Instead of doing that they are they're assigning the job is to attack like on a daily or even hourly basis as ready. So to get it all to work with their schedule, they created a bogus work schedule. Sure. And we're maxed out his available hours, basically have him working 24 hours a day. They have enough hours to put it in here right here. They have they have all their they have their texts. And then they have here this work schedule tech, so that it shows those scheduled jobs. Ah, it's on the schedule. So he would like to have a setting to be able to to have available hours to put those on to the schedule, but not have them assigned to a tech yet.

Unknown Speaker  53:59
Sure. Now.

Speaker 2  54:07
So and he's not wanting to simply he's not wanting to simply take his existing Tech's and say, well, we're not going to give it to any one person. But we can figure out once of once we figured out the schedule for all the existing assigned items, we could then figure out how many hours we have available per day. That's tricky, but you can only give a job to one person though.

Speaker 2  54:41
Because let's say that he has 48 hours per day available for six people. You still can't schedule 148 hour job. I mean, you can only have one person on the job at a time

Speaker 3  54:56
right now So you have to basically have your total number of hours divided by your number of people. Or something like that to know how many days it's going to take.

Speaker 2  55:14
Yeah. So what you would do is you assume everything start I mean, we have the target dates to control the order. And then we would

Speaker 2  55:33
and we, and we can look at each tech skin. I mean, it's almost like we do phantom assignments based on on text is really what we're doing. And I mean, it requires some thought for me. Now, I think maybe the one thing I would ask with that is does he want to? Should we be should we be doing a percentage of available hours as we schedule things out? So So okay, there's two ways we could well.

Speaker 2  56:38
I mean, do you understand the idea of kind of phantom assignments?

Speaker 3  56:43
Yeah, basically, is that you, you're not just allotting all 40 hours, in a day to one job, right? Read the job properly.

Speaker 2  56:52
That's the one part and we it's also possible that we'll have vacation time scheduled for someone or, you know, whatever. And so we want to take that person out of the run. I mean, factor that into the into how much we schedule that week. And so I think, in essence, we would be under the hood be kind of assigning these to specific individuals. Now, the one question I have with that two questions I have with that one of them is, I suspect that's going to be too optimistic. Because you're going to have surprises come up, you're going to have you know, things like that, or so I almost wonder if for the, for that scheduling thing, if he's wanting to say, well never schedule more than x hours per day, per person.

Unknown Speaker  57:45
Or?

Speaker 3  58:00
Yeah, I'm wondering, I'm just looking at their schedule. The way he's got it currently is like, it's, here's a 40 hour job. That last goes from the 12th to the 13th. Okay, so he is, all of these jobs here are, you know, are on the 10th.

Speaker 2  58:23
See, and that's where, I mean, obviously, if he starts that on the 12th, he's not finishing on 13th. He's finishing on the 19th or something like that. Right. So that's where the, the, you know,

Unknown Speaker  58:37
the

Speaker 2  58:38
individual allotment just doesn't make more sense.

Speaker 3  58:43
I wondering if what he's really going for is this date right here. The next projected start date based on the hours Sharla jobs in our pipeline that are scheduled, when's the next date that we can start? Start something?

Unknown Speaker  59:02
Yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  59:06
So he might not be going for that level of granularity.

Unknown Speaker  59:12
Well, maybe not. So the.

Speaker 2  59:26
Okay, the other way we could do it is if he just wants to say, give me an average of x number of, well, somewhere we already have a shop schedule where we guess about how many hours each person is giving, right. That's on the schedule report.

Speaker 3  59:43
Yeah. And we have we have this where it shows how many hours each person has? Sure

Unknown Speaker  59:57
is he

Speaker 2  1:00:17
I mean, my instinct is to say that we are. Okay. Well, there's two possibilities. So I'm not quite sure why we have this schedule. Well, does he want to have a completely separate scared that maybe that's a question Does he want to use debase the projections for unassigned things off of this schedule here? Or off of a completely separate schedule?

Speaker 3  1:00:49
Right, he was thinking a completely set, he was thinking like a, you know, a field an app posting settings where you can just put in the total total hours available per week. Sure, I'm sorry, hours per day. So it would be

Unknown Speaker  1:01:11
interesting thing.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:12
I say, Oh, just for Monday through Friday,

Speaker 3  1:01:15
right, it would be something just like this on the contact record. Except it would be for the whole shop instead of instead of just an individual

Unknown Speaker  1:01:26
with no overwrites.

Speaker 3  1:01:29
Right? I mean, presumably, this would this? No, I don't think he would even expect this to override that.

Speaker 2  1:01:37
Right. Okay. Um, and then, okay, that's fair. So that the the, but then when do we start assigning unassigned jobs? So that's part of the question too. If today is Tuesday? Do we start assigning unassigned jobs? Some of them for today, if people have availability? Or I guess that's what I think you do. You? You take, how many hours do you think you have today? You subtract off any commitments that people have today?

Unknown Speaker  1:02:18
That's weird.

Speaker 2  1:02:20
Okay, let's see, when we switch between people and shop, it's tricky about when does what do you do with with, with with the overlap for today? Or if you if you booked someone for tomorrow? Or let's say you booked someone else out for 40 hours? Should that or one person doesn't matter? You booked two, you've got two people booked out for 40 hour jobs? Or, or for people booked out for 40 hour jobs? Let's make it dramatic. Do you don't you want those 40 hours to be stealing from your total from your daily hours available?

Speaker 3  1:03:03
What if we would just start that starting this new feature from tomorrow and not look at hours for today?

Speaker 2  1:03:09
Well, but if today, I've got I've got 10 texts, they've got something like 10 texts for them today for them started 40 our jobs? Well, first of all, we say every single day, we've got 10 text times eight hours, we put every day we have 80 hours available maybe to be conservative, we say 70 hours available to work. So we said we said today we've got 70 hours tomorrow, we have 70 hours now for guys all started 40 hour jobs. So for a half my guys are booked out for the next week, and other guys on on vacation now. Half my guys are completely booked out next week. I don't have 70 hours tomorrow, I've got 35 So you do have to take into account existing jobs, and you subtract off commitments from existing I mean each day that's part of why I'm saying in some ways, just letting it be based on a person by person is just about as accurate. And also it makes so that we don't so that you know everyone's on one our jobs today and the next and then I've got a I've got 240 hour jobs coming up. Well, those will both start tomorrow and run run in parallel if he wants that, if he says no he doesn't want that then that's fine. I just put it but then we have to find out how he you know what you do do with the example of the of the when we've soaked up you know 36 out of seven But the hours

Speaker 3  1:05:06
right yeah maybe maybe he doesn't care how accurate it is but could make a difference on calculation side and

Unknown Speaker  1:05:19
right well I mean

Unknown Speaker  1:05:27
the

Speaker 2  1:05:33
Well, I mean if he wants to be so simplistic that he says okay there's two questions the first question is when does do the unassigned hours start today start today or tomorrow and do we at all look at other assignments and people's availabilities for those hours are not at all if not, we've got the four big jobs and then we I mean and then we go ahead and double booked for tomorrow

Unknown Speaker  1:06:20
right

Unknown Speaker  1:07:04
okay we are a little past target here.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:13
Sure. Did you have more questions on that stuff here?

Speaker 3  1:07:17
I think was it there was one other question Oh on the service runs you were wondering the other day how they track time whether they track time on the timecard or on the incident right. And he said that they track time from the incident

Unknown Speaker  1:07:42
Okay, okay

Speaker 3  1:07:48
so we were talking about having the this was our proposal here and we're wondering if we're going to put the service run number droplist on the work order itself on the incident itself

Speaker 2  1:08:26
I mean one option would be to basically have the design I'm talking about but have a

Unknown Speaker  1:08:49
let me think through how would it work

Speaker 2  1:09:06
because the problem I have with the incident is I don't know how to how to group the how to group the that time with the

Speaker 2  1:09:32
how to group the the Russians together into into one group with the travel time

Unknown Speaker  1:09:46
it was from the incident.

Speaker 2  1:09:47
Yeah. So now what if? What if there would be a button at the top of the incident that would just be called Stop Art track travel time it would be if it's if you've got a track truck incident and then

Speaker 2  1:10:14
the main thing we would need is to know when you're switching to a new to a new incident or a new a new service run

Speaker 2  1:10:31
if one person does two service runs in a day, do we have any easy way to figure out the difference between those two?

Speaker 3  1:10:42
We were going to do the drop list. Got it? That's servers numbers and then basically any travel time incident that has any travel time row or work order row that has that number. Those get grouped together. Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:11:00
Okay, what if we put a button on the job to show me what the time tracking thing looks like right now?

Unknown Speaker  1:11:08
On an incident

Speaker 2  1:11:09
yeah on incident I go to the test system so we don't really

Unknown Speaker  1:11:14
getting any of them so it's currently just a start

Speaker 2  1:11:21
a start button and there's no prompt it just bam runs okay there we go.

Speaker 3  1:11:25
Yeah, and then again stop is the same way switch does have a prompt where you can select from from a list there

Speaker 2  1:11:39
now I suppose with the switch we could give a given option to switch to switch to travel time mm and

Speaker 2  1:12:04
although it's a little bit weird to need to hit switch to switch to driving I mean, all those

Speaker 3  1:12:13
switching from if you're waiting for work or you're working on a job then you just click switch and go to travel time.

Speaker 2  1:12:20
Or you go well you come in in the morning and then you say you have to switch the Go To travel time Hmm

Unknown Speaker  1:12:35
Well, maybe they would maybe they would start from when currently they would have a travel time incident that they would start on.

Speaker 2  1:12:47
I see sure if they just start from that travel time. Well, short is if we do use incidents, they go to the tribal time they track it in there and then everything works fine, I guess. Except how I mean, if they do more than one service run in a day you have to manually change I mean you have to manually split them apart

Speaker 3  1:13:17
right What if the start button everywhere one of the Start button would would open a prompt with the with the incident defaulted here and a new field for service run. And you'd set your service run

Unknown Speaker  1:13:39
service run 1234 Whatever right

Speaker 3  1:13:48
and it would it would only show that for non shop location jobs. If the sharp job then it's just like it is where it just bam starts you without a prompt.

Speaker 2  1:14:31
An then every time you hit start it would pry if you're on a service run it would prompt you which service run you're on.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:45
I'm sure it could retain that and it could that would be that'd be handy

Unknown Speaker  1:14:58
and I guess I Now, why is this?

Speaker 2  1:15:15
Okay, so what we'd be saying is that any, any service run item, et cetera, would, would prompt? Well, time tracking and the travel the incident and all non shop incidents would prompt you for a service run number. And we'd default it for you based on your current timecard value, and I guess if you haven't, don't have a timecard value just defaulted to one.

Speaker 2  1:16:00
Now, do we want to be clever enough that? I don't know that we too. I mean, what's the worst thing that will happen? The worst thing that happens if they don't do it? Right, is that the morning and afternoon? Service service runs all share the same prior this service share their time together when they shouldn't? She's probably not terrible.

Speaker 2  1:16:36
So I guess so I guess Yeah. Now, the downside of that, is that earlier, it was it was one click to start on something now it's going to be at least two clicks, one year on the raw in the truck? Do we care about that?

Speaker 3  1:17:08
Is that a I mean, it kind of seems like a fair trade off for what they're wanting to do.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:15
I think so. The.

Speaker 2  1:17:29
The other thing would be to say that, we just assume that everything within a day is the same service run, unless they go on to the timecard and change the number.

Speaker 2  1:17:47
Because then they do then they start tracking on on the or they start tracking on the time thing that would automatically log them into service run one, they keep tracking incidents, each of those will be logged in service run one. And if they then they just have to manually intervene. Or click this one they want to do a different service run, they'd have to use a switch button and select

Unknown Speaker  1:18:18
and select a different service or a number. What if you would do that? What if you would,

Speaker 2  1:18:26
you'd default the service run to either to one or to the most recent service run number for the day. And if you want to pick a new one, you have to use a switch button to pick a new one. Or go on to your timecard to change it

Unknown Speaker  1:18:47
Yeah,

Speaker 2  1:18:49
that's close to right. I just think the mechanics are going to get frustrated with us when in the shop they just go click click to start now they have to go click on the same service run Yep, same service run.

Speaker 2  1:19:12
So the switch dialog will have a have an optional service run number for for items that are that have service that have mean that it applies.

Speaker 2  1:19:38
Again, so the switch so well the interface to the service run number on the switch dialog. But, but we won't prompt for it on the Start dialog.

Speaker 3  1:19:52
Even for the first one oh yeah, that's true. The first one of the day, which is the one

Unknown Speaker  1:19:58
we detected it needs a service run number

Unknown Speaker  1:20:06
I think that's pretty good

Unknown Speaker  1:20:14
is that enough for today?

Unknown Speaker  1:20:15
I think so. Good.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:17
Thank you guys.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:18
Oh, flesh this out just a little bit more and Yeah, sounds good. Okey doke. Have a good day. All right. Thank you. Thank you


Transcribed by https://otter.ai