Unknown Speaker  00:21
You there? Hello.

Matthias Miller  00:27
My notes here. Good. I have to be on the road for a bit. So I'm gonna make you post.

Unknown Speaker  00:36
Okay, perfect. Thank you Well,

Unknown Speaker  00:46
in a minute since we talked about this, I had to think really hard

Matthias Miller  00:54
time going back over the hill

Unknown Speaker  00:58
trying to be cap Hmm.

Speaker 1  01:05
Looks like we're going to attempt to make a decision about the approach that we're going to take.

Speaker 2  01:14
Sounds good. Okay. Does the

Matthias Miller  01:19
time and materials, doing design in depth design time and materials basis and having client? Check in cadence and pay this much for AW?

Speaker 1  01:37
Ah, I don't think so. I think we're building a framework structure for CSS. And I think we could put things in there as needed. That would address that, I think, based on what I know of it. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  02:01
Let me write that down to materials and

Speaker 3  02:07
Okay. Well, I think Oh, yes.

Speaker 1  02:24
I was gonna say, Tim's just asking if we're using the zoom link. So I'm responding. I think, you know, maybe that's a is that defining roles to who's doing the the client check in cadences? Who's responsible for getting those done? And who's responsible for taking that information and making it actionable?

Unknown Speaker  02:44
That Tim?

Matthias Miller  02:54
Sure, good question. Well, I see how

Speaker 1  02:59
if we're, you know, your calendar management is on my mind, you know, pretty heavily since that's approach we took and I think, if we make you responsible for that, that really doesn't address your calendar issues all that much. And that's part of the issue right is whereas if it's Tim, this this is an overall framework for him to use to do work at various sprints.

Unknown Speaker  03:24
Let's see BJU.

Unknown Speaker  03:27
admits admit.

Speaker 1  03:38
Hey, guys, sorry, that just popped up for me. So I see you, I admitted you.

Speaker 2  03:44
All right. How's it Good morning?

Unknown Speaker  03:51
I'm fairly well. Good.

Speaker 1  03:53
Good. While Matthias and I were just talking about meeting goals and remembering where we're at, because it's been a while since we talked, so I own email that everybody get a chance to look at, look at it and remember where we're where we are

Unknown Speaker  04:11
you to review it? Yeah.

Speaker 1  04:15
I think the goal for this meeting then is to try to make a decision about the approach that's gonna get taken. And Matthias just brought up some of the finer points about how that might impact client communication, and other things like that as well. So I think maybe we just jump in and start talking through that or if anybody has any thoughts, feel free to jump in and we can just start.

Speaker 4  04:56
Well, I guess I'd be interested to hear really thinking as far as the finer points that would come after we just determined the the main approach of option one versus option to

Unknown Speaker  05:10
think maybe so, well, that might be a consideration to talk about. Well, so my question was, who's responsible for client communication? You know, for client check in?

Speaker 1  05:25
If we have if you have a meeting with a client, gathering that information, making it actionable updating everybody, potentially updating a project plan, who generally does that work?

Speaker 2  05:37
That's usually me as far as client communication. About Yeah.

Speaker 1  05:43
Okay, great. So that that might be helpful. I think, Matthias, his question was to the, to the framework of of it, which was, we'll making a decision if we decide to do an agile sprint, will that affect how we do communication with clients? Or will it be affected by communication with clients? Is that were there other things in there, Matthias that I'm missing?

Matthias Miller  06:08
Yeah, well, I think one of the things, this is kind of

Matthias Miller  06:18
one of the things that we've gone back and forth with historically has been, whether we believe fully believe in fixed pricing, or not. And there's pros and cons either way. Whether it's managing our own budget, or helping the client manage their budget, having having a cadence to keep. Let me start with this, one of the one of the determining factors for retention of a marketing agency is not actually how effective they are, but how consistently they have a plan for the next 30 to 90 days.

Unknown Speaker  07:12
And

Matthias Miller  07:16
and so looking at in depth design, I think something that would help manage magic line expectations, managing scope, is if we could be involved with the client and say. So just modeling what Rosewood does with their, with their plans and their check ins, it could be different than this, but we can call with the client and saying for this next month, here's what we're looking to focus on, we're looking to design out piece pieces, one, two, and three. And what we're needing from you is this much commitment, are you going to be able to provide that to us. And then with the understanding that if there are things that you guys bring up, or things that come up that need further exploration that it's clearly going to take longer than that? I don't we can't you know, but but having having having a kind of monthly or some regular check in with the client. As far as here's where we're at, here's where we're going. And soliciting feedback from them and on on the process as well. Yeah.

Speaker 1  08:29
Just to jump in with in the Agile sprint process, we would call that a sprint review meeting. So there is a place for that, just FYI. So continue.

Speaker 1  08:48
So I guess maybe that actually might be part of implementation, you know that that to me seems like maybe if we choose the Agile sprint, that becomes a standard part of how we communicate with clients, we'd go ahead and decide we do the sprint review meeting at regular intervals with clients. Mm hmm. Yeah. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  09:24
Well, should I go ahead,

Speaker 4  09:27
I'm just gonna give an opinion from the the review of the two options there. I I think off the cuff, the Agile sprint definitely seems like a better fit than the Agile Kanban in my opinion, but I we haven't talked much about the Agile Kanban in our previous call. So there might be aspects of that that they would win me over to it if if it's a better

Speaker 1  09:54
I tend to agree. I decided to throw the Kanban idea in there because I think what What you guys were telling me, it sounds like you work in a similar fashion already. But I think the value of the sprint is in giving it more structure. I think that's the point. And so that was more just the comparison idea that I had. But I would agree, I think the sprint makes sense to me based on what I'm hearing, and I'm seeing Ben shake his head. So we're all right. Well, should we talk through that? An example of what that might look like? Is there a project that seems like low hanging fruit? That we could just roughly sketch that out? As a? As a quick discussion here? What would make sense that we could kind of immediately grasp? Okay, we're going to set a three week sprint on this project. And this is what it could look like.

Matthias Miller  10:55
first thought is thinking phase three, but some of them the basic idea is?

Unknown Speaker  11:06
Is that low hanging fruit? Or is that? Is that something I feel that needs to combine harvested?

Matthias Miller  11:16
Well, there's that too. What would some other options be that you'd have?

Speaker 4  11:24
Well, I know they're actually to your point. I'm thinking phase three, like, I think the three weeks sprint could actually include things like setting goals for the, for the phase three, breaking it down into the sub phases, and, and taking action on starting take action on the first sub phase. So that could that would be that could be a good. A good example. Okay, the other one, like the goods ag changes, phase three changes that we're finishing up? That would hopefully be I mean, that will be a small one that we could there's not a lot to do in next three weeks. Compared to what we've done already, but that one will be one that we could we could look at as well

Speaker 1  12:25
done many projects like this do you have going on right now? Just out of curiosity?

Speaker 4  12:34
Um, so we have the thinking phase three, we have the good good zag phase three. It's winding down we have those of you only act Am I right? fenders, the only active designs that we have going right now? Yeah. Builders and EDS machinery we finished up and are waiting to hear back from the clients on. And then we have just ongoing miscellaneous stuff with, with some of the other ones that we finished up recently. But the only two that we have going right now

Speaker 1  13:15
that like ongoing miscellaneous maintenance type stuff.

Speaker 4  13:20
That is some ongoing miscellaneous maintenance, it's some ongoing, some cleanup from some some recent changes on another project. Some for a couple of projects, extenders and easy Itali. We've designed those and they're, they're being coded. And then there's ongoing questions about how this should work, and it changes here and there.

Unknown Speaker  13:47
Okay, now that makes

Speaker 1  13:48
sense. Well, the reason I ask is I think the first step generally is to build a backlog, which is just the list of tasks that need to get done. And from there you that's where you start to break it out into priorities, times, deadlines, etc, to generally visualize what this is going to look like. And in conjunction with the resources you have available, so are we, if we're talking about the three of you that are on the call as being the resources, then we also look at the next three weeks of availability in terms of, you know, other projects or vacation time or anything like that as well. So if we choose gadag thinking, which one should we go with? Popcorn?

Speaker 4  14:37
I think I'm finding the way Ben Matthias, do you have opinion? Actually, lowest hanging fruit would probably be good zag.

Speaker 1  14:47
Okay, let's take it. So first question I have is their list of tasks? I suspect there is that your that's going to be in your app hosting system.

Speaker 4  14:59
Mm. Um, I mean, it's not all they're not all currently spelled out there, like documented, specifically, but yeah, there would be a list of tasks.

Unknown Speaker  15:10
That, okay,

Speaker 4  15:12
there's a couple different places right now. But yeah. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  15:16
So pardon me? Well,

Speaker 1  15:20
I think so if we were going to do a sprint plan from a list of tasks is the first thing we need to do, do they need to be fleshed out more, I mean, that might be something you do in a sprint planning meeting from a conceptual walkthrough. If we sat down and we did a sprint plan, everything might need to be flushed out a little bit, in terms of, I would suggest, probably what needs to get done, how much time and or how much energy depending on how you want to manage that you think those things might take. And then the urgency of those things, would be the things you probably look at, and then commit to a three week plan. And then if we include the client in this at some point, then we communicate that plan to the client, in the way that Matthias is talking about, especially things that probably require their time and attention, we communicate that plan. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  16:22
And so

Speaker 1  16:25
I mean, it is a pretty simple cycle, I can bring a me, we can simplify it quite a bit. Because once the sprint planning meeting happens, so if we're looking at good xaG, and you have a sense of everything you can accomplish in three weeks, you just you just do it. And I think part of getting to the calendar management for Matthias is having that three weeks set out ahead of time as well gives us time to put things on his calendar for things that you're going to hear that you expect that you will need from him, including as well as the client. So that can be very helpful. And then what comes up in the middle? If someone asks you something in the middle of a sprint, the decision making process becomes is this urgent enough to change our sprint? Or does it go on the backlog? And we look at it again in three weeks from now, which is, you know, the 31st of October? So, from a communication perspective, you're able to say, got it, putting it on the list, I'll get back to you on November 1, right? Or you say, Yeah, this is urgent, we're going to figure out a way to fix it. We'll get back. I think we touched on that a little bit in our previous discussion that you occasionally do have urgent needs in the maintenance side of things. I'm not sure that I would put that in the sprint per se, because maintenance is more of a expected urgency that from any side of things. I mean, if any client needs has downtime, everything gets dropped until that gets fixed as I understand it. Right. Okay. So unless we know ahead of time that there are going to be glitches or problems in the next three weeks, that probably doesn't affect the sprint plan. So I hope that's not a consideration for now, yeah, exactly. Exactly. Right. Give me the crystal ball. I want to know, actually, I don't want to know, nevermind the way my life's been going, I don't want to know what's going to happen. Okay, so you come to the end of your three weeks, right? We're working, we're getting things done. It's just kind of an ongoing, this is generally daily, day to day work. The end of the three weeks is a sprint retrospective with a team, which could be as quick or as long as you want it to be, which is basically that's the time set aside to figure out if it worked well. What worked well, what didn't work well, what you might want to change for your next iteration. Which is really open to anything. That's a nice thing about agile, you know, if the communication plan with the client is not working, brainstorm a new way to do it. Or if the way you planned your last sprint didn't work, do it different. I think the value in it is having a time block specifically for that mental energy and that discussions take place. So it doesn't derail the work happening during the sprint. But it gives you opportunities at regular intervals to change and improve things along the way. And then right after you have a sprint retrospective, it looks like you might also decide to have a review with your client, which is a very similar meeting, here's what we deliver to you. Here's what works. Do you have any concerns? What can we do and then you do another sprint planning meeting right after that, and you set your next three weeks. And so it's kind of like three weeks of work and then a day of meetings and then forever until you decide to do so with goods ag since I have absolutely no idea what the particulars of that are. Do you foresee any problems implementing that Anything that won't work?

Speaker 4  20:16
Don't think so. Like the the client the person we're working with on the client side is pretty communicative. So as far as meetings with him, I think that's works works well. And it's something we want to wrap up here as soon as possible. So I think yeah, I don't I don't foresee any problems with using that as a guinea pig. And how long

Unknown Speaker  20:49
do you suspect that you'll be continuing to work on it?

Speaker 4  20:55
I'm actually a lot probably depends on on how long the QuickBooks sync design takes just what I had been moving, emailing, or asking from the top one.

Unknown Speaker  21:09
I think I just actually,

Speaker 4  21:11
yes, you did. So yeah, I think. Yeah, other than that, I think we're within a week or two of, I mean, we might get everything else done design this week. Then they're the processes of, of design review and pricing and whatnot. So three weeks, I think, if we could, we could probably say, let's be, let's have the project completely done. And pricing sent to the client, within three weeks, I think would be would be reasonable.

Speaker 1  21:48
So we're really looking at one sprint length, if we're going to try to try to use it on gadag. Okay. Maybe it didn't, that may be a good way to practice, I would say maybe some of the meetings that we just talked about, which is just basically the planning. Getting things on Matthias calendar, communicating with the client, and then the delivery, I mean, you might be able to get one good round of Sprint practice out of that. And it's probably just a little bit of additional add on meetings. I'm not sure that there's any other value, because I bet that that work will happen pretty similar no matter how you approach it is what I'm guessing. But I think the value of it would just be practicing and getting a sense of why that works. Or the other option is we choose a longer project to conceptualize something that main six weeks and to nine What do you guys think?

Matthias Miller  22:52
Well, the longer project that we have, it's renegotiation with the clients, okay.

Matthias Miller  23:09
I'm not sure if I'm sending an IV personally find pulling pulling trigger on the tag. You can even if it's a little redundant

Matthias Miller  23:28
I'm not certain about I don't feel like we're 100 100% commitment on charging steam ahead with thinking business this way. Pretty good solution.

Speaker 1  23:53
I personally, like practice, I like practice, you know, I'm a master type person is like, let's practice. I think that's a good use of time, quite honestly. But I just want to put it out there that it's probably not going to change much of anything in the outcome of the project. I think there's probably a lot of value in sitting down and just saying okay, well what does the sprint planning meeting look like? And what do we do? And I think there's a lot of value in that. So I just wanted to clarify that though. Okay, well then let me ask you Have we made a decision? The decision on the table being we're going to take an agile sprint approach and we're going to use good zag as the guinea pig

Speaker 4  24:45
I'm good with that. I think it fits well with our Yeah. trial runs and and practice and improvement whatnot. So I'm good with that. Okay, that's all So

Unknown Speaker  25:02
like I would say, right

Unknown Speaker  25:10
now know,

Matthias Miller  25:12
the type of limit is the sprint planning and the Sprint Review

Speaker 1  25:24
Okay, well and then without in mind, my next question was just going to be what? What's the timing of that? When would you like to schedule sprint planning. And then consider and thinking about a three week sprint, theoretically, you could choose to, you could choose four, it's, it doesn't have to be three. So depending on what you want to do, we try to get sprint planning on the calendar, and then also our sprint review on the calendar, possibly a client meeting at either end of those places, depending on when you want to put your client communication piece. So now we're looking at scheduling.

Speaker 4  26:14
Think personally, I like the idea of I like nice, round numbers to shoot at. And so like three weeks, I like the idea of three weeks, or might end up being two and a half weeks or whatever. But targeting the spring end to be the 31st the end of the month. For a nice round number there are a nice cut off.

Unknown Speaker  26:44
Again, we can Yeah, I was it. Let's try that for the target End Start like whenever. Yeah, I could make availability this week, or we're Monday of next week. If if we want to try to go ahead and slide that in here soon.

Speaker 1  27:09
Yeah, I think so. I think if we start well, if we did it Monday, next week, you're looking at one, two, I think you're looking at November 3 as being the end of your sprint, as opposed to the 31st of October if you're just looking strictly at the at a three week calendar.

Unknown Speaker  27:28
Right. Which I which makes sense to me.

Speaker 1  27:34
If that makes sense to you. And I so I think I'm gonna say an ideal cadence for this would be he'd probably meet on Friday to do the planning and then you'd start the sprint on Monday. So that could be and then the sprint would go for that full well almost full three weeks because then on Friday that the third what you'd want to do is that that would be your delivery day you'd want to deliver to the clients and then you'd want to do your review and then your next sprint plan that would start on the following Monday. It doesn't have to work that way but it makes a lot of sense to work what do you think about that? Let me see what I've got. Can we fit something in on Friday

Speaker 1  28:23
I've got some meetings that I can move with Matthias as far as I'm concerned if you're flexible with our project stuff Matthias because this technically falls into that I think got another meeting. Oh hey, look at that. Something just popped up on Friday as I'm looking at it. That's like magic. Okay. Would you want to try to do 45 minutes on Friday morning? Are you available Ben and Tim? I don't have Matthias is full calendar here. So I'm not looking at everybody's availability.

Speaker 4  29:03
Yeah, I would have availability basically eight to noon Eastern time, at least.

Speaker 2  29:11
Okay. Yeah. I would have availability about eight to 11. Eastern, Eastern Okay. I see what I've got here.

Speaker 1  29:25
I think I can make that work. But I've got to look at a much less messy calendar

Matthias Miller  29:37
well usually get temporary Eastern. To give us that I've got all that Barbara

Unknown Speaker  30:00
nurses okay well actually no that's not on

Unknown Speaker  30:08
this clip happening

Unknown Speaker  30:10
yes

Matthias Miller  30:13
but we could do well might be a better leash at 30 words so that's that's really we could take a look at

Unknown Speaker  30:44
know any other

Speaker 1  30:45
time this week to I mean I think I have to think about it if Friday won't work at this juncture

Unknown Speaker  31:00
Thursday is fairly flexible for me

Unknown Speaker  31:13
Morrow tomorrow isn't as much

Speaker 1  31:20
as we look at Monday Matthias Would that be okay with you?

Unknown Speaker  31:42
Well

Matthias Miller  32:32
is Tuesday too far out next Tuesday

Speaker 4  32:38
I'm out of the office Tuesday okay attentionally make I could potentially make it work

Matthias Miller  32:58
Monday

Unknown Speaker  33:08
Are you available

Unknown Speaker  33:14
Caleb happening Monday morning

Matthias Miller  33:17
maybe I haven't confirmed it yet. Although I could if we if we know I could watch the timing fair

Unknown Speaker  33:34
early let's see I mean, it's 10 Eastern time to see you guys. Next

Unknown Speaker  33:52
Monday

Unknown Speaker  33:58
see what that says.

Unknown Speaker  34:04
suggested that

Speaker 4  34:13
you Yes, I think that will be too late for me. 1010. I need to check with my wife about some scheduling. Okay, we're leaving around midday Monday. Okay, gotcha. Wednesday afternoon, so I need to find out talk to her about

Unknown Speaker  34:37
I see you have a daily

Speaker 1  34:41
I guess 730 So 930 to

Unknown Speaker  34:44
1030.

Speaker 4  34:49
Well, daily wrap up. Yeah. At 932. I mean, nothing. I'm open anywhere anytime. They're eight and 15 I go 930 To 1015 Eastern if.

Unknown Speaker  35:04
Yeah, that worked for you.

Unknown Speaker  35:08
Okay, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  35:24
Bye That was I think we got it

Speaker 1  35:31
okay. 930 to 1015. Eastern.

Unknown Speaker  35:38
Cool. Okay. Well, that was a win. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  35:44
Harder things I had to get more recently. That was That was rough. All right. Well,

Speaker 1  35:53
we're way under time here, but unless anybody else has anything you want to talk about, we could go early.

Speaker 4  36:01
Should we go ahead and schedule the wrap up call at the end of three weeks? That's good.

Speaker 1  36:07
Good thought. Let's see. So if we do, we'll just say we start on Monday. So that would be on a Friday the third, which actually Matthias is out that day. It looks like are you out that day? November 3?

Unknown Speaker  36:28
Okay, I went Thursday, the second.

Matthias Miller  36:31
Yes. Might just be a maybe around the second. I'm not sure yet.

Unknown Speaker  36:37
Okay. Well, challenging then. We could try to go.

Matthias Miller  36:52
Looking to wrap it up at least 30 versus 31st. Too soon. That gives you about

Speaker 1  36:58
a two and a half week. I think that's fine. I mean, in the planning session on Monday, then everything's planned out the goal of delivering on the 31st. Is that what you're going to do anyway? Then? Yeah, I think the 31st Tuesday 31st Makes sense. Yeah. Sorry. I did not get the catch. That was a hard deadline for you.

Speaker 4  37:17
It's not a hard deadline. It's just I like, I like the idea of of that. So

Speaker 1  37:23
no, I gotcha. Yep. Tuesday, the 31st. Let's see what we got. Is everybody in that day? We can see what Google will suggest and go from there.

Unknown Speaker  37:40
I can't believe the flies have not all died yet.

Unknown Speaker  37:44
What's up with this year?

Unknown Speaker  37:49
Okay, times. Oh, boy, it really wants to keep it

Speaker 1  37:58
later 732 I just send an invite. I didn't really mean to 730 our time so it's 930 to 1030 on Thursday 31st.

Speaker 4  38:14
Work Okay, that's what's best for you. I wouldn't like I wouldn't mind having it. Later in the morning or noon. Like my my Tuesday mornings for calls and stuff but

Unknown Speaker  38:32
noon your time?

Unknown Speaker  38:35
Yeah. Are

Unknown Speaker  38:39
you have your lunch blocked off there? I

Speaker 4  38:40
think I do. But I can move that around with Ben's fine tuning has to. Yeah, I

Speaker 1  38:48
mean, how well how's 1230 Your time? Catch? It should be

Unknown Speaker  38:54
fine. Okay.

Speaker 1  38:58
Be the most updated calendar entry ever. Okay. Good.

Unknown Speaker  39:04
Eggs, Brent. Specter.

Speaker 1  39:10
Review. Okay. Do we need to deal with client communication in here? At this point? What are you going to do on the 31st? In terms of delivery? Or well, two questions. What do you want to tell the client once we do sprint planning? Do you want to clue them in on that discussion? And do we need time on the calendar for that? Or will that be an ad hoc kind of communication that you'll do?

Speaker 4  39:36
That can in this case, it can probably be ad hoc will. Like we haven't given them any timelines specific timelines for deliverables.

Unknown Speaker  39:48
So I think we can just after our meeting on Monday we can we can let them know or even if we get

Speaker 4  39:59
if we get in Have a call sooner or conversation sooner with them, we can let them know that we're, we'll plan to have the business done by by the end of October.

Speaker 1  40:09
Sounds like a plan. And then on the 31st, will you have anything? How do you do delivery to clients? Do you emails, meetings, phone calls? Is there anything we need to plan? around that? Or again? Are you taking care of that in the in the way you usually do?

Speaker 4  40:27
Yeah, that would be that's usually in this case for what we're, we're doing for them? That would be an email. Okay. And, yeah, and it's quite possible that we'll have it already. sooner than that, too. And a lot of it depends on Ellis as far as when he can get pricing done and stuff. So. Okay, great. Yeah, I think we find managing, if we have that as our target, we can manage it from our, the checklist we have on our site already and go from there.

Speaker 3  41:02
Make sense to me. Okay. Well, I guess last question for me is,

Speaker 1  41:09
Shall I continue to? Shall I show up? I've invited myself to these meetings, Would it help if I showed up and helped facilitate? Should I continue? I don't want to intrude upon your process. But if it helps to create an agenda, and walk you through the first one, I'm happy to do that.

Speaker 4  41:31
Yeah, I'm dealing with that. I mean, maybe even the first couple, get to help with Yeah, bring your experience to the table and facilitate help give ideas for structure and then we can take it from there and and tweak it as needed. But yeah, I like that idea.

Speaker 1  41:49
Sounds good. Well, I plan on doing that, then. So I'll plan on sending some kind of agenda prior to the next to this planning meeting to just give an outline for discussion. And we'll go from there. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  42:03
Thanks, guys. Anything else?

Speaker 4  42:07
Um, I guess the only thing would be that in regards to that email that you did send Audra about your conversation with? Yeah, the really good tag? Yeah. As far as scheduling a client with a call with the clients and, and Matthias And Ben and me. Should we should we try to schedule that? Sooner than than Monday? When you like work on getting it work now and getting on to the calendar? Well, okay, so wait until Monday to work on schedule that.

Speaker 1  42:44
I think my natural response, if we're going to try the Agile sprint is let's treat it as a backlog item. And so it gets put on the list. And then that's part of the thing we plan out on Monday. Sure. That sounds like a good plan.

Matthias Miller  43:01
To same week, if we didn't do anything with scheduling for that call until Monday.

Speaker 1  43:06
I mean, that's the way I would tend to handle it from a conceptual perspective, the idea being that we're trying to manage work in a new way. I also argument of just getting it on the calendar. But I think that may bump up against the problem having of just getting things on the calendar not and having your don't

Unknown Speaker  43:36
open to whatever you think is the best way to deal with that.

Matthias Miller  43:44
We can get it in on Tuesday. Tuesday.

Speaker 1  43:48
Yeah. No one that thinks that's fair. I mentioned the email. We're trying to keep these things to Tuesday and Friday now and then we are going to have a short amount of Tuesday's to get that in.

Unknown Speaker  44:00
What you

Unknown Speaker  44:09
are looking at Tuesday, the seventh Tuesday, the fairly Fridays Tuesdays and Fridays. I mean, Tuesday, the 20th is out Tuesday, the Friday The 27th

Matthias Miller  44:29
is available, but that's late. But the issue, the issue with this one is that the this is this becomes a dependency for a bunch of other stuff that needs to be done. Right. So it needs to happen this particular fall and it's happened pretty early in the process. Right? I would

Unknown Speaker  44:48
agree. Well, so here's the broader question.

Speaker 1  44:57
Management perspective, if we're gonna do the Agile sprint do figure it out? Or do we take the time during the sprint planning to figure it out? Which is the time we've set aside to figure it out. Right? Like just it, there's no wrong way to do it.

Speaker 4  45:17
And we are in a somewhat a unique, we are unique situation right now, because we're just getting started on this whole sprint thing. Absolutely, there's probably going to be some, some gray areas of some of that stuff. Now as we make that transition.

Unknown Speaker  45:33
Absolutely

Speaker 4  45:34
transition from current process to due process and encapsulate things in between.

Speaker 1  45:41
So what might help this project I don't have a good sense of, but in larger projects, a lot of times what can happen is without the context of the sprint of the meeting, where you see everything in context, you there might some of the urgency for some things might go away, because you might actually as a team decide to reprioritize things and that might not be applicable now. But in some of the bigger projects, what you think you might need to do now might actually not be what you need to do now. And so I think there's usually value and waiting, but again, that might not apply to this one. So. But even looking at the Tuesdays now, I'm not quite sure that doing it now is going to give us much of an advantage. You got something blocked off or zfp for most of the day on Tuesday, Matthias is at a working session.

Matthias Miller  46:42
Yes, but since Tim's out on Tuesday, so most of certs are definitely looking at Ben and I and at that point we could be looking at. Well, yeah, so I'm gonna do

Matthias Miller  47:05
it

Speaker 1  47:07
now just looking at your calendar, you don't really have any open time. Right. So we've already past the point of open time.

Matthias Miller  47:18
I'll be arranged up for Tuesday for sure if that's the consensus? Yeah. We could take this one or two ways apart. One is this is something that we would have caught in our last sprint planning meeting. And we would have resolved so that you would be going into this thing ready to be off to the races. You can frame it like that you can frame it as what was exactly the type of problem that we're trying to fix. And so we're essentially gonna slow down this project, for the sake of doing it. Right. I feel like pragmatically, I mean, I feel like that's a little bit of a it's idealism. I mean, the whole point of agile was for the service, not for us to serve it. And it's kind of a flash of idealism at that point. So

Speaker 3  48:12
that is what I'm hearing. Go ahead and schedule it.

Matthias Miller  48:18
I think we should I'm nervous about I think

Speaker 1  48:21
I think I think that's fair and I just am looking at your calendar and I don't know where to schedule it on a Tuesday it becomes my next problem. If if Tim's out on the 17th the 24/7

Matthias Miller  48:38
Okay, unless unless we unless we if I can do that my Thursday schedule better or if me maybe, maybe we just need to take a look at end of day and a day on a Thursday and if I am doing industrial drones or or even a good time blog at that point could be well 30 to one I don't even know it's time we need mountainside Thursday is 30 minutes going to be enough

Matthias Miller  49:35
or even for 15 to 1/3 show 15 to 25

Speaker 1  49:56
Well, let me just put an hour there placeholder Were you going to? I don't think I had the email for your client. Would you schedule this anyway? Are

Unknown Speaker  50:15
you see the last part again?

Unknown Speaker  50:16
Do you want to do the scheduling for this client

Unknown Speaker  50:19
meeting? Or do you want me to try to do it?

Unknown Speaker  50:22
Ben and I can take care of that we usually

Speaker 1  50:27
do. That's like Tuesday the 17th. There's maybe there's a big block for zfp there. Us and then I blocked off some time on Thursday. We should be able to do like an hour in the afternoon. Well, 15 to one. Okay. And that's kind of the time blocks we're looking at.

Unknown Speaker  50:57
All right. Sounds good to me. Is there anything else we need?

Unknown Speaker  51:17
Have a great rest of your day.

Unknown Speaker  51:19
All right. Thanks. Bye


Transcribed by https://otter.ai