Matthias Miller  01:02
So

Matthias Miller  01:04
Web? Web stack for building and node? I haven't done anything in Node. I've done a bunch of React. I. Hello, hello, hello, How's going we meet again? Yes, how are you doing? I'm doing well. How are you doing good? So, um, Matthew has spoken very highly of you, and he asked me to meet with you and just get to know you a little bit and kind of what you're working on and what we might be able to work on in the future, or stuff that we could partner on. Yeah. I mean, from, from Matthew's comments, I think it's, I think the thing he was most interested in may have been on the software side. And is that the scope of the Okay, I mean, to, I can fill you in a little bit on history I've been in I've been coding since, well, I first started coding when I was about eight years old, and got a job out of high school working for a company that does bond analytics, and was part of the team when, when they started, they made this strategic move back in 2003 I think the Head of Development got everybody in a conference room and said, We're going to the web. And I was part of the team helping build out the stack. We wanted to maintain business logic, be able to run have a native web client that interacts with the Windows client at the time, and so I was part of that team, pretty much, but it's, it's full stack development bill is also building the stack, building a bunch of language tools to dynamic templating that ties into c plus plus, back end, etc. So that was my foray into tech, spent quite a number of years with my brother. My brother is the owner of code crafters, building custom business management software, and through that, have been working with gonna get got into the shed client shed industry quite by accident, first by a friend of mine who is doing sales, and what a better tool for for lead management. And then, along the way, ended up working with another client on a full end to end. ERP, for them, that's been a multi year project there, they prefer not to be named. And I I'm respectful that I know there are people in the industry, you know who they are, and word gets around whatever. And just happy to share what I can on that, and I mean a bunch of other related stuff. Kind of sounds like it sounds like you have quite an extensive background in building software. I actually started coding when I was nine. So we have very similar paths that we we've taken in life. How old are you now? I'm 30 Hang on, I'm 38 right now. Okay, so I'm 35 so we're not, we're not too far apart there, yeah, so that's very interesting. Um, so you code, I'm assuming, like basically any language you could probably like code in a year. Go ahead. Are you like, are you familiar with JavaScript or like A JavaScript land parser back in the day, first off spider monkey and then my own parser. So I'm very familiar with JavaScript as language, very familiar with React. Have not done anything specifically with node, although, as you're aware, semantics once you're having a number of languages, it mostly becomes a better semantics.

Speaker 1  05:28
Yeah, that's, I mean, once you I mean, as long as we've been doing this. I mean, if you have a project, you sit down and you figure it out. So that's kind of been my way of making it. I just figured things out as I go. Are you? Have you started using AI in your workflows? Or, like, using it for, like, assisted assistant coding? Yeah, I have,

Matthias Miller  06:03
I've, I've experimented, experimented it fairly heavily. I mean, I mean the most, the most obvious way, is assisted coding. And then there's all the limitations that you run into, such as horrible. Basically, I don't know what your perspective is. Basically my perspective is it makes a great Junior Dev, and you get to be your snarky senior Dev and tell it to stop, you know, refactor code and stop duplicating and all the stuff like that. But 100% I've played around with it some on specs and requirements.

Speaker 1  06:39
Somewhat. What what tools are you using currently for

Matthias Miller  06:46
with AI, currently use, currently only using cursor. So I'm not super, super hard, but

Speaker 1  06:55
there's two different tools that I've kind of fell in love with. They can be quite pricey, but I have just been able, like once, once I kind of learn my workflows with them, what I can do is, just like, a bit mind boggling to myself, just to be able to see what I can accomplish, just like in a single week sitting and it's the two that I'm using right now are called Klein and the other one is kilo code. They're both cursor extensions, or, well, I use VS code so they're VS code extensions, and then I use a anthropic API key. So I use the Opus API key, and I found, like, even though it's it's quite expensive, I'm like, in a single sitting in, like a single session in here, like I can spend anywhere between 150 to $200 worth of API credits. But what I'm getting for that is, like a massive like to hire someone, or to try and get a junior dev to do this is like, you're not, you're not, you're just not going to, not at this speed either. And ever since Opus released like that, for me, was like a when Gemini 2.5 came out, it was really good. I was able to do a lot with it. When anthropic release Opus four, for me, that was just a really big game changer, because it seems like almost every thing that I give it, it just it just hits it and it, it nails like it perfectly. And before like I would give, you know, it a task, I would sit there and watch it, you know, code out, like, and I'd be like, no, like, do it again. Do it again. Do it again. We test didn't work. And it's just, like, you just reiterate over and over until you get something that's like, what you want, and it it's clean, and it works, right? But with Opus, it just, it seems like every, every time, like, it just nails it. It keeps the context Windows really clean. Because before, like, that's why I noticed, like, especially with Google Gemini, your context windows would just explode, like it would just have, like, you know, a half a million tokens in your context window. And it's like, why do I need all of this here? So yeah, I've definitely, definitely with with those two tools, I've been able to massively increase my workflow. So you can check those out. See what you think about them. Um. Yeah, so I guess my question would be, is, so you're currently have some different projects going, and you kind of, like transition towards working for stuff inside of the shed space. What are you interested? Are you like, interested in working a like or like, are you looking for a partnership? Or this is I'm I need someone like you really, that can that has the experience and understands the shed space. Because, like, currently, the project that I'm doing right now, I'm almost doing it as a solo Dev. I have, I hired two guys, like, I would say, like, three weeks ago, and they just have not been able to perform even, like remote, like, one of them has not submitted any usable code, the other one has submitted, like, some code. And, like, I spent, like, quite a bit of time, like, refactoring it. And, yeah, it was, it was not, not really, like, I think, like, one of them will be okay, like, maybe I can work with them the other one, like, his first push request I had, I think, 1500 lines of code edits and so, like, I went and looked at it, and It's all like changing double quotes to single quotes, like line spaces, and it's like, I don't know what you actually changed. Like, 90% of it is just like, you reformat the code and I don't want the code reformat. If the code needs to be reformatted, that's fine. Reformat the code as a single commit and commit a new format. But don't, like, commit your change into a format change as well where I don't know what you actually did. So like, automatically denied. I told him, like, go back, do it with my formatting and like, so I can actually see what you changed, and, like, he hasn't resubmit it. So I don't think that's going to work. And I don't know, like, just being able to tell Opus what to do, I've been able to get a lot done. And I feel like if I had another developer that had that ability, like, kind of, like the architect mindset, of like, knowing what needs to be done and being able to execute without having to be micromanaged. And that's something that takes, you know, a certain, a certain mindset and also a certain level of experience. And I think like learning young gives us, like, a very big advantage over people who just, like, went out of high school into college to try and do this. I don't know what your educational background is, but I have none at all. So I'm completely self educated, even like high school, everything. Yeah, yep,

Matthias Miller  13:36
makes sense. Also, self educated life, lifetime, learner, and put a ton of my own time, time and money, probably more than a college degree, into into that beyond the scope of coding for what I'm looking for. I mean, I think AI is the only thing I actually left coding because I burned out from it. And I think AI the architecture mind and and AI assisted coding is the thing that can be the saving grace of I've always, historically, really typically enjoyed situations where there was clear path to execution and and could delegate the painful obsession with detail elsewhere. And so there is. I'm open to something like that. I think the caveat that I have is that I have a client relationship that's aged quite well. It's, it's had, it's, it's, it's been more plush than it is now. But it's also not completely at the end of the road that could be impacted depending on what our engagement here looks like. I. Yeah, and I know you and I know we're not at a point to talk specifically about what you guys are doing. I think they, too have some they're doing some, some interesting things as well on their end. And I can't, I think it's, from what I've seen, it's pretty rare in the industry. But, you know, I don't, I don't know, like, it's, nobody knows what's going on behind closed doors, because nobody talks about what's going on behind closed doors. So that's, that's the caveat. And I'm open to doing an NDA, and I'm open to exploring what that would look like. It's also not going to be a full time gig. I'm not willing at this point. Well, I suppose that this, if everything, if the start is lined up, and it might make make sense. I, I, you know, I might be willing to devote full, you know, full time capacity to this, but in the interest of de risking, I'm also very cautious about about that. So I suppose I think it's, I think it's in a place where it could be open to consideration and exploration. I'm open to having that conversation longer term. You know tech, tech is where the depth of skill set lies. Invariably, people end up hiring me in some form, some form or capacity, in that I've also the the other thing that that Matthew and I talked about, which kind of goes beyond the scope of of you and I, has been, I have been doing business consulting in the space, basically taking you could do exactly the same thing. But if you take systems thinking outside of the software space and start applying it to businesses and sections of businesses, it's, there's a lot that's not rocket science. Yeah. So, and I almost enjoy that more, because,

Speaker 1  17:10
just just, I definitely understand the coder dilemma of burnout. I've, you know, doing this my entire life. Definitely had my ups and downs with it. I kind of got stuck into a position over the past few years, up until about this time last year, where my entire job had kind of got transitioned over to where I was managing a team of like 15 developers across multiple projects, and then I was still on top of that, working as a developer myself on a project, And it was just like, my life was so chaotic. It was, it was just like you feel like you're responsible for everything when you're managing 15 people. Because, like when, when the complaints come in, it's directed directly at you, you know, and it's like it's your fault for not checking all 15 of these people's work to make sure that it was correct. And it's just like, plus, my work has to be correct as well. And last year, I just finally made the decision. It's like, I'm I'm shutting down. I'm quitting my job. I'm not gonna, you know, do the software development job anymore. I'm firing everybody. I'm closing, like, you know, the vast majority of my projects down because, like, I would make, you know, $40,000 in a month. And it's like, I'm having to pay out, you know, so much to, like, all this different expenses, Team expenses, all of this different stuff. And at the end of the month, I might clear, you know what, I actually put my pocket, like, $10,000 and for what, you know, like, what am I really like? What's the cost of that compared to closing all of these projects down and just focusing on one thing, which is something that I don't know that I've ever done in my entire life, is just like, focus on one thing. And it's, for me, been like, almost transformative, just to like, focus on one thing, like with 100% of my focus and effort and with basically no team, like, I went from having 15 employees to one, so I have one developer that works and manages. Is basically all of the current my shed infrastructure on the software side. What I have a server guy as well. So he manages all of our servers, and then we have one developer who handles any bug patches or enhancements that they want to make on the current my shed stack, and then I've basically solo developed the new version of my shed that we're currently preparing to release. And it's like what I feel like I was able to because I started, I would say, probably a little over five months ago, I just started with a blank project, and in five months, using generative AI, have built something that I would have never imagined. I could ever build by myself, even with a massive team like I couldn't imagine I would have been able to build something this, this intricate and like it. I'm really, like, happy to see, like, what I can do now with AI, it really kind of like blows my mind, and now I'm looking for someone that can can join in, but I'm kind of like, stuck with the dilemma of like, finding someone that can, like has The the right experience to to work at this pace because, like, I want to, like, I want to keep moving fast, and I need someone that, like, understand, like, I don't know, I've just, I've worked with a lot of developers over the years, and definitely, like, had experience of a lot of developers burning out on projects or not having the right experience, or like the architect mindset is quite rare for me to find, like I told Matthew the other day, like, I'll find these developers who literally know every single command in the book, like they could tell you, like, every single code, function, whatever, but they can't architect a basic system. They can't, like, do like they don't have no critical thinking. And it's like, on paper, they're a genius, but in reality, they they can't really do that much. So I don't know, I'm, I'm interested to know, like, more about what you're working on, and I know that obviously you have, like, restrictions on what you can like, can't say, and I understand that. One question I have is, what, how, what has Matthew shared with you as far as, like, what we're currently working on? Has he, like, kind of give you a, like, deep dive, or, like, any anything as to what we're working on?

Matthias Miller  23:20
No, he hasn't just basically big announcement coming in September, and, you know, game changing for the industry. And that's, that's the extent of it. I think the My understanding from Matthew's perspective is, if you want to position this as a test, I gotta pass the Matthew test, or, sorry, pass the Nathan test. And let's not waste time going down that road until, until then. But that's now. He hasn't, he hasn't shared anything,

Speaker 1  23:54
yeah. So I think, I mean, I believe that what we're working on, I seriously doubt that there is anyone else in the industry that is and I could be wrong. I could be totally wrong. I don't know for a fact of this, but I feel like what we're working on is is definitely a first for the industry, and very unique. I think it's gonna definitely change the way that way that the whole whole industry works. Yeah, so I would love, I would love to, like, dive into it with you. We're currently, like, we just filed a provisional patent, actually, on a lot of what we're doing, and we're getting ready to file a second, I think that there's definitely opportunity here, if you're, if you were interested. I. Um, I think that we could definitely just kind of start slow and see, I think between now and then to September, like, I'm just going to be, like, on a non stop sprint. And I think, like, my real thing is, like after September, I need to refocus, because in September we have the shed Expo, and we're really trying to put together something really beautiful for our demo and presentation at the shed Expo. So like all of my efforts are going into a prototype demonstration. And I think you are aware, as a software developer, that prototype demo has to be taken to a production stage after the demo, right? A demo is a demo. So I'm really kind of like, that's really probably where I would be interested. I mean, even now, coming on would be great. But you know, really, after September, having someone that can come in and help, like, bring this app from a prototype into a production stage, and then actually launch it into the market. So I think that gives us time to kind of like, clear any working discrepancies there might be just like seeing if you can work with our current stack

Unknown Speaker  26:49
and clear like any NDA issues or Like conflicts of interest? Can you share like, anything about what you're working on, or, I know you said you didn't, you can share like, which company?

Matthias Miller  27:09
Yeah, I can. I mean, it's, it's, I don't, I don't know how groundbreaking it is, but it's, it is a full, it's full end to end. So we have a custom threed builder with bomb rules built into the inventory management system. We, and we have a whole bunch of we have full, fully transparent integration into accounting. So any kind of accounting, any any kind of, any kind of sales event or related event, sales, asset Asset Management. I don't know all of the APA are related stuff. I don't know any of that we're able to we've got full traceability in both directions, from from accounting into inventory management and vice versa, and that's that's been a substantial part of the of the push, ultimately, then being able To get get better controls on on pricing and the uh, profitability analysis. You

Speaker 1  28:24
mentioned that you have a 3d builder. Were you the one that did the, the the I didn't specifically know my colleague

Matthias Miller  28:35
did it? Okay?

Speaker 1  28:40
Yeah, that seems to be like the nemesis of the industry, especially our first, our first deployment of my shed. What we currently have in production, actually, I've struggled to find developers that will are willing to work on that code base. I actually hired two Armenian guys who built it, and it is, it is very, very complicated. I've gone through the code myself and made edits to it and tried to, we have tried to refactor it, and it's just, it's, it was so complicated that I just decided that it was easier to to start from from scratch and just rebuild it again. And that's actually what I did. So in the last last five months, I've rebuilt the entire 3d side of my shed, plus, like, a lot of additional what, what is, you know, kind of our. Trade secret right now, per se that goes with it, and it's been a journey. I think that is definitely going to be one of the most professional looking 3d editors like, I don't think there's anything else on the market that that's gonna even come close to it. I really spent a lot of time just dialing in all of the all the configurations to really give it that realistic like realism, look of an actual shed sitting, you know, on a on a plot of plot of ground, you know, like, I've really put a lot into it so it looks it really looks Beautiful. Now I'm really happy with it, but definitely interested, not only just with the entire stack, but specifically, if you know someone that has experience in in coding, in which is a rare it seems pretty rare to find guys that have have really good experience, or, like, understand that that side of things, because it gets it gets quite complicated when you Get into the actually, like shed configurator that orchestrates how all these buildings are put together. Because the 3d builder that we actually have with this, this new development that I'm doing, it assembles the building as it would be manufactured, so it has realistic measurements for all of the runners, the studs, the two by four, like everything is cut to spec, placed to spec, where the windows and the doors go, the framing around the windows and doors all done to spec, and that's to give us the calculations for our material management system. So being able to actually formulate so we've, we've done a lot on the material side with our original with my shed version one, which is really my shed version three, but we'll call it my shed version one, or the current production version of my shed. It. We have a material management system there, but the current system, you have to go in and on each individual style and size, you have to manually assign all of the materials that go into that building in order to track it. So we have, like an entire inventory tracking system where you can go put all of your raw materials that you have sitting on your manufacturing lots in there, and then you assign it to all the different sizes and styles, and it tracks out as those buildings are pushed through the sales process and the manufacturing process. And it is very data entry heavy, and we have not really had a lot of success with it, just because most people are not willing to do the amount of work that it takes in order to do all the data entry, because a lot of these, you know, a lot of our clients have, you know, up to, you know, 15 different styles of buildings, and then they have maybe 20 to 30 different sizes of each one of those. And to, like, go through every single one of those and determine the exact amount of materials, it just turns into this like massive mountain of data entry that no one has really and we've had people make attempts at it and use it to some degree. I've never seen anyone like fully utilize it to the the fullest degree, because it just like the amount of work that it takes. And I've I think that probably with the some different AI tools, we can automate a lot of that. But that's also like having someone that understands the system well enough. Off and has the architect mindset to be able to go in and implement a system that could do that. We just haven't, haven't had success there yet, but with our new builder, and the reason I built it the way I did, is like the buildings are built to spec, so what how they're actually manufactured? And like, I spent a lot of time with Matthew and looking at their blueprints, and like, asking, like, a lot of questions on how these buildings are assembled, and making sure that the way that I wrote my code reflected that. And, like, give a lot of room for making changes or making alterations to where I could, you know, add in, you know, more variations or variables to all of that. So anyway, yeah, that's, that's kind of where we're at. And, you know, I'd love to really share, like, the real game changer, but I think that we should, we should discuss with Matthew more and like, see, I'm interested. I think that you probably have, I'm just hearing your your, you know, past experience. I feel like you probably have have a lot of you probably have have a lot of knowledge that that could be very beneficial to to what we're doing, and you already are in the space a very similar space to ours. And I guess that brings a lot of benefits, but it also brings challenges, just with the conflict of interest there, and how to resolve that, I don't really know. I think that's something that we have to leave up to you and Matthew, more so than me, to like work through that and understanding, you know, how we can work together with that, with your current, current position. Because I don't think that, yeah, I don't think that we want to give away too much of our trade secrets. I don't think anyone does. So I think that there would definitely have to be something in place. I don't know, are you like open to, you said that you're, you're, you know, somewhat open to work for us full time. But would you be open to leaving your current position? Or it would really have to be good, a good fit for you to do that?

Matthias Miller  37:46
Yeah, I'm open to ending that client relationship. Should it be required? They, depending on the situation here, they may require it. So I want to, this is the kind of thing I want to, I want to do with with eyes wide open, yeah, and it basically comes down to risk management in my mind. I mean, I we've, we've talked about, we've, we've had conversations with the client the past about more specific, non competes and other things like that. They never wanted to put anything together. They never wanted to to to pay according

Speaker 1  38:24
you don't have anything like binding you, like for biting, no, okay, well, that's

Matthias Miller  38:31
so that's great. It's, it's ethics and and financial considerations of my end. Basically,

Speaker 1  38:40
yeah, no, I totally understand that. And I think that, I think that there's definitely like, I think that's something that you and Matthew would really have to to discuss. I think that when you see, I think when once you see where we're at and what our stack looks like. I really, I really, truly believe and I could be wrong. I've been wrong before in my life, but I really believe that we're like forehead of everyone else in the industry, like by a very large margin, and I feel like we just need a few really talented people on our team to just push us, like, over the edge, where we are going to gain the market share of this industry. I think that there's just, like, a few things lacking in our team, and like, I'm I'm pushing really hard to get things where they should be. I'm not sure if you're aware. Like, what mine and and Matthews, i. Partnership is, but I'm like me and him are co founders of my shed, so he is the majority share holder, but I also own a large portion, like over 40% of my shed. So I have, like, a big interest and input, like I'm not in the employee mindset in this business, I guess very much a owner mindset, but at the same time, I'm playing a developer role right now in the business. But, yeah, yeah. I think that. I think that I'm definitely interested. I would love to show you you know more about what we're working on and and let you see any of like what I was saying before. I just feel like we need a few very talented and driven people on our team to fill out a few positions to push us really where we need to go. And over the last year, I've really tried to re transition our team from a previous system that was not working for us to a more lean team of individually like talented people who can play like very specific roles in the business, and I think that we're we're much closer to being on track right now than than we've ever been before. So, um, yeah, I don't know what else, what else I have to share right now, but I don't know if you have anything else that you would like to share or discuss, or

Matthias Miller  42:04
I don't think so. I mean, I think this is, this is about what, obviously, you don't know exactly what to expect from this type of conversation, but this is about what I would expect from a second conversation. First with you about this, they make sense to me to engage with Matthew and and maybe get through some of those specific conflicts of interest. NDA,

Speaker 1  42:28
really? Yeah, I think, I think once we, I think once we, once we can have, like, some kind of agreement in place where, like, I'm more open because I I feel like I'm a little restricted as to what I can, can't, can or not say or ask or not ask in this conversation. So I do feel a little restricted on that that end, I think just clearing that up and that way we can have more open discussion and share more about what we're doing would also give you a better idea, or whether it's something that you would be like truly interested in working on and and doing. For me, this is like a it's like one of those projects that is like a dream for me to build something that is is so beyond what I ever thought that was possible, and be able to build it. You know, without a team, is definitely like, I'm having the best time of my life right now. Um, and I never really thought that I kind of got to a very burnout stage in coding as well. And I was like, I don't really think that I'm going to go back to being a full time developer. I'd rather, you know, manage team and then do like little side projects here and there, but like to be like a full time developer. I didn't think that I would go back to where I'm at right now and enjoy it as much as I do, but like, I'm loving every moment of building this system, because it's something that I truly believe is going to like when, when everybody sees it, they're just going to be like, Wow. Like, this is like next level. Yep,

Matthias Miller  44:31
cool. Sounds good,

Speaker 1  44:35
all right. Well, I will, I will discuss with Matthew as well, and maybe we can all have a conversation later on, but I would just ask him to reach out to you and y'all, y'all can discuss as well. And then once, once we have everything resolved, we can pick up from there. Okay, sounds good. Alright, hey, it was nice. It was nice to get to know you more. And I look. Forward to speaking with you later.

Matthias Miller  45:01
All right, likewise. All right. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai