Unknown Speaker  00:36
Hello, Howdy. Howdy. Howdy. You

Unknown Speaker  00:44
let's do something profitable today.

Matthias Miller  00:46
Sounds good. Let's do it.

Speaker 1  00:56
I was wasn't saying I had something. I was saying, let's do something profitable.

Unknown Speaker  01:03
I wasn't clear. My bad.

Unknown Speaker  01:06
I am running on half brain power,

Matthias Miller  01:11
all right? Well, I just got done fighting with a a API support contact who refuses to escalate my ticket because I have a sporadic error in which it sometimes returns Blank, blank response instead of Jason, and he's like, I can't duplicate your error, therefore the error must not exist, and I cannot get through his fourth skull that it's a periodic error and it should not be happening. And can you please talk to somebody who actually knows what they're talking about and can confirm that I am correct, and you're a complete knucklehead with all the love that I can muster. End of rant that felt good to get off my chest.

Speaker 1  01:49
Um, who's ours? One of our systems, or somebody,

Matthias Miller  01:53
no, somebody else's systems. They're using a legacy marketing system when it constant contacts old systems, and it's anyway, um, all right, so did you want to go to you wanted to, you want to in the Google Doc

Speaker 1  02:12
or somewhere else? I thought you said Seth, specced it out, and you wanted to go over it. Oh, that's right. Yes, thank you. And once, once we're done with that, then I'm hoping you're going to untangle my brain on

Unknown Speaker  02:26
on some stuff, okay,

Speaker 1  02:31
because I spent way too long tangling it up yesterday. I'm glad I have a smart friend like you, because if I had to figure all this stuff, if I had to figure out some of these technical details out,

Unknown Speaker  02:47
I'd give up. It'd be it'd be painful,

Unknown Speaker  02:51
and I'm sorry to ask you for it slightly bigger.

Unknown Speaker  02:56
It's fine. Okay, so

Unknown Speaker  03:09
Okay, so we'll get to this.

Matthias Miller  03:14
Okay, so we have an ID. We have a list of this is a single

Unknown Speaker  03:23
customer

Matthias Miller  03:26
with an open edit contract, editable macro based on paying customers in the spreadsheet, setting this field updates this with other overdue payments plus one upcoming payment checks all due slash overdue and sets the payment amount to the right amount.

Unknown Speaker  03:53
I think you can

Unknown Speaker  03:57
I don't understand your question.

Matthias Miller  04:02
The Okay. The question is, when do you, when you open this, open up a payment screen. When do you automatically select items? Do you do it? When you do you do it?

Speaker 1  04:18
Okay, let me, let me, let me clarify something. Are we talking about making payments or viewing payment history?

Matthias Miller  04:24
Making payments? Ah, that

Speaker 1  04:26
would be, got it. Okay. Now go on with your question.

Matthias Miller  04:30
So do you automatically include anything that's within seven days, within two days? Is that a setting do you only auto check items that are overdue? Is there is it a field on the like, if somebody comes in and says, I want to make a payment, yeah, and they have one overdue and one due tomorrow. Do you default to paying both of them? I.

Unknown Speaker  05:04
Uh, as of currently

Speaker 1  05:07
inside of RTO pro, you, there is no defaulting anything. It's basically just going to show you the contracts that are currently there and whatever is or is not due. So in other words, if it's, if there's nothing due, let's say that. Let's say they're perfectly current. Well, it's going to show you that your next, whatever your your due date is, and the dollar value there, and you can pay it ahead by simply, you know, you know, I haven't, I haven't looked at payments. Hold on one second. Let me get this up so I don't sound like I'm making something up out of my butt here. I'm

Speaker 1  06:25
okay, so if you open up an account in RTO Pro, it's going to list. Well, here I'm just going to do this. I'm going to just without showing you everything, I'm going to show you kind of how this works. I'm

Speaker 2  06:44
and drop this in signal.

Speaker 1  06:57
So this dear customer here, her due date is 816, her type is rental, monthly payment. 195, 70, LDW. 450, there's no late fees under other the total is $200.20 number of payments, one, next due date, 916, if they paid that $200.20 if you wanted to actually make this payment, you would hit, you would hit the f6 complete. And voila, you go through make payment. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  07:32
so,

Speaker 1  07:39
to be honest, I don't have a good picture in my head on how we would do this in here, so I'm open to ideas, but I may be slow at on the uptake, if, because I don't really feel like I have a good grasp of how this process would take place.

Matthias Miller  07:57
Well, I think one of the questions is, do people think in terms of upcoming payments. Do they think in terms of, sorry, let me see I can get my food. Guys are wildly lost. You can't read addresses. Goodness. In the meantime,

Speaker 1  08:20
I'm going to attempt to find somebody who's passed to So you can see what this looks

Unknown Speaker  08:25
like. Okay.

Matthias Miller  08:33
Okay, Andrew, yeah, so may 729, main is the address, but it just alright. Man, that's bizarre. I

Matthias Miller  09:34
gracious, sorry about that.

Speaker 1  09:38
There's somebody who's past due and the under the payment, that number is editable. So if you, if you type in there one or 1.5 or two or 2.5 or whatever, that adjusts the grand total at the bottom. So if you have multiple there, you can now if you want to actually change this is the funny. Part, if you want to actually change the late fee on this account in order to run this, you can't do it from the screen. You have to actually, oh, goodness, Grace. I don't remember how to do this anymore, is it? Oh, there's, there's like a, literally, a, a button up, up at the top of the screen that says other you have to click that button in order to make that editable there. So

Matthias Miller  10:26
is there any world in which you would want to see a list of your contracts and be able to put in three payments or payments and have it automatically?

Speaker 1  10:39
This goes back to this conversation we had where it breaks it out for every month that's due, and you essentially select, or in some way, say, I want to pay this month, this month, or part of this month, or or something like that, which it's not A that's not a hard and fast thing. This is, this is a concept that Francine came up with that I think could be kind of cool to basically see all the months that are, if you if you are past due, let's say you would have contract number, such and such, and then underneath that would be, you know, January, February, March, what, you know, April, and then each late fee, each Damage Waiver fee, like all of that, broken out. And you could some way, say, I want to pay that one, that one, that one, that one, and maybe it's check boxes. Maybe it's, I don't know,

Matthias Miller  11:36
but always thinking check boxes. It's just the one. The scenario I didn't think about was paying way far ahead,

Speaker 1  11:45
where someone says, There, let's say, for example, my other one there that I sent to you, this customers do on August the 16th. They call in and say, I want to pay 400 is that what you're Is that what you're saying 400

Matthias Miller  12:01
or 600 or something.

Speaker 1  12:03
Yeah. In the case of RTO pro, you would just type that number in that total, or type two ways. One you could type, you can put it in the grand total of, let's say I wanted to put I wanted to pay for the customer. Wanted to pay 400 you drop 400 in the grand total, and automatically it figures out the number of payments that is, or what the next due date would be. You can also do it by saying, oh, I want to pay two payments. So you put in two at the number of payments, and that automatically calculates, I guess the big

Matthias Miller  12:33
question I'm trying to say is, how important is the I want to pay two payments process because we've accounted for the payment breakdown, but not the I want to pay two payments. Thing you're like for

Speaker 1  12:46
the past due payment breakdown, but if the customers do, and they say, I want to pay ahead, how do we do that? That's your question, right, right?

Matthias Miller  12:57
Well, this also goes then into if you pay ahead, do you want to move the due date or not? Because those are two different, yeah.

Speaker 1  13:03
Well, let's, let's not get into that conversation, because that's part of my other conversation. I need to unravel my head with, okay, so, so I don't, okay. I don't know what, what? I don't know what, what's in your head, as far as the tactile functionality of this, like, how do you how do you plan to display this information?

Matthias Miller  13:29
Like, you enter, enter, you select the customer. You enter in a payment amount, if you want to. Or it calculates the default, I think it shows you a list of past due payments, plus upcoming plus the next upcoming payments and auto auto checks. Would it any anything past due? So you

Matthias Miller  13:55
select a customer, boom, you immediately see their past due amount. You can remove payments from that. You can add payments. You can change payment amounts. Etc. Do

Speaker 1  14:05
you have anything assist or otherwise that would demonstrate potentially how this could work? Or is this one of those things where it's like, go, go, build this thing, and then we and then we critique it. What are you eating? It looks good.

Matthias Miller  14:27
It's some kind of burrito of some kind of pork burrito or something. Oh, seems a little expensive, just to build it, just just to do it, we could have Sean put together a mock up of it, okay, like in a spreadsheet thing, in a spreadsheet thing, I think,

Speaker 1  14:48
why don't we do that? I Okay, what I'm struggling with is visualizing it, right?

Unknown Speaker  14:59
Okay? Let's do that.

Speaker 1  15:01
Let's do that. Let's, let's, let's, let's, let's build, let's build a spreadsheet mock up of it.

Unknown Speaker  15:10
Sean

Matthias Miller  15:21
I payment. Here we're talking what timber is talking tomorrow, talking at 10 Central. I'm

Unknown Speaker  15:55
okay, I like it.

Matthias Miller  15:57
Would you want to jump into unraveling?

Speaker 1  16:00
Yeah, yeah, let's okay. So we're basically gonna put that whole conversation on hold until we have a mock up

Unknown Speaker  16:05
I think. So, yeah, okay, fair enough. So

Speaker 1  16:14
one thing, let's just go ahead and cover, one thing that is in that, in that Google doc that's easy to cover. That does not take untangling. Wherever I don't know wherever, wherever we're housing. Damage Waiver fees, I feel like I put it in the spec. Did I put it in the spec? Just giving the anyway, there we go, Damage Waiver fees. This one's pretty straightforward. We're going to treat it almost identically to late fees. There's a lot of functionality overlap with Damage Waiver fees, and the in in late fees. And so

Unknown Speaker  16:57
basically, we need

Matthias Miller  17:00
to show the customer never encouraged more than one dwf per contract and per rental period. I

Matthias Miller  17:32
Okay, so dwf might be, do you want to have it? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  17:56
is there any kind of can we call it something like within the software? Can we label it as dwf slash shortcode, or do we need to change labels of it?

Matthias Miller  18:13
You might want to change labels on it so people call it the right thing. Well,

Speaker 1  18:18
yes, because what, what tends to happen is RTO companies don't always use the same attorneys, and so attorneys tend to refer to this product in different ways, calling it limited damage, waiver, fee, limited liability, damage. There's a whole bunch of different ways to refer to these exact same thing, and what you don't want to get yourself into is a mismatch of contractual language to what the customer reps see in the software. So this, that's the whole reason for allowing the short code. And it edits all of this everywhere throughout the system. To say the company says, Now the short code does not necessarily like you could, I could very easily be convinced to say that does not belong as part of the RG, because, really it doesn't. Because how you refer to damage waiver fee throughout the company is more of a company setting than it is a or a it's a more of a single state setting than it is a company setting. So the way that RTO pro handles this is it's a single global setting throughout the company. You said it one time, and that's how you refer to all of your your you know, for everywhere throughout the software there, I could be very easily convinced to say, put it over in silver limb settings or something like that. That is a potential and and we treat it as a global setting. Some states refer to this slightly differently. I don't know. I didn't find any mandates from state legislation to say we always refer to it this way. They kind of give some flexibility in the way that they refer. To it so I could be convinced to say, put it over in silver loom settings. But we do need to be able to change the short code throughout on a per client basis, so they know how they're referring to it.

Matthias Miller  20:08
Well, it at least needs to be on the RTO company, not silver loom settings.

Speaker 1  20:12
Oh, that's fair. I would, I would be that'd be fair with, yeah, that's a really good point. Um,

Matthias Miller  20:32
does the type always match the payment frequency

Speaker 2  20:36
type always yes. So

Speaker 1  20:43
well, okay, let's, let's, let's be. In order to make sure that we're always talking the same language the rent, we should call it a rental period. Rental period is generally assigned at one month for most RTO companies. But you know, there are companies that may go to the weekly or the semi weekly, or the bimonthly, or whatever, but the rental period, yes, should always match the damage waiver. And I don't know how you want to do this, necessarily, like when what from the contract definition writes this information to the contract record. And, you know, I imagine we're going to need to store, you know, all the different rental terms or payment term or rental periods,

Matthias Miller  21:33
right? Because if they change the payment method, we need to calculate dwf appropriately, correct.

Speaker 1  21:42
And a lot of states will break do break this down, like they say, off most states look at this as a monthly, a weekly and a bi weekly. No, I haven't found states that really necessarily refer to a semi monthly yet, but usually it's weekly and bi weekly and and and monthly, depending on the state, they give requirements, both for late fees and for damage waiver fees, as to what's allowed for those particular things, and it usually comes in the form of, you know, you can't charge more than this in whatever the period that you are set up on.

Matthias Miller  22:19
So monthly, you just expect somebody to take the damage. Waiver fee and divide it by two, so it goes from four to two or something,

Speaker 1  22:26
correct. Okay? And we have to be like, and this is where I think I wrote in either the late fee consideration or somewhere in danger fee like, we're gonna have to field this information in the payment history, because when you do an audit, you need to know whether you were on a what payment periods you were using otherwise? Because there is, it is a difference, like for the state of Indiana, there is a difference in regards to late fees, what that is allowed from $1 value. If you are on weekly, bi weekly or monthly, so monthly, they say $8 I think it was bi weekly, it comes out to it would, it would technically come out higher if you're on weekly or bi weekly, if you hit, you know, every single one of those where you were late on them, yep. But in this is where I get all tangled up in my head. We need to validate in some form or fashion that and with floating due dates, this is where my my mind just wants to bend off and can't seem to get around it. But we need to validate that whatever the payment, whatever the rental period, is, that we never charge more than one late fee for the rental periods. So if you're on a monthly and this is where I can't seem to get my head around the whole floating due date thing, because if, if you're validated on a monthly standpoint, and that due date is fluctuating across the month, what's the month? What's the monthly period? What period are we calling the month? Then I

Matthias Miller  24:07
well, isn't it conceptually?

Unknown Speaker  24:16
Yeah, that's fair.

Speaker 1  24:18
So Leanne Lee, I asked Leanne about this, and she did not have these questions in the audits that she's done with Indiana. I do remember having these questions on the audits with Indiana, which, by the way, Indiana is currently the only state that we have right now that that literally audits you about every two years. They They, they schedule time with you and say, Send me con you know, send me all your current contracts that that are in this time period. Send me, you know, a sampling of these contracts and these contracts and and so they like, literally take the whole entire sample. And one of the things they look very, very critically at is, how much did you, how much, how much late fees have you charged this customer? And were you, you know, do you overcharge? And I, I. Specifically remember sitting with an auditor and being like, no, no, that late fee was for that month, and that late fee was for this month and and like, on and on and down the line. And we want that to be very, very clear, so that when you are audited, that it's very clear that late fees and damage waiver fees are are for a period whatever the customer has, and we validate that we're not ever charging more than that.

Matthias Miller  25:30
You may come down into very weird situations in which the payment period that you defend to your auditor is different than what the customer I mean, it's, it's like the flexible late or, sorry, the flexible due dates is basically just a convenience feature of taking compensation you're still, you know. But that all has to be defensible,

Speaker 1  25:56
yeah. And frankly, the whole floating due dates, I thought was the easier one to explain, until I started going around around and trying about and understanding how to validate for a period for late fees and damage waiver fees. And suddenly I realized it's really easy to say to do a locked payment cycle, and you know any overs and underpayments you handle, and you know we can discuss exactly how to do that, but like, suddenly you have a very locked period that the customer understands you can defend for late fees and damage waiver fees. It's like, Oh, I thought that one was going to be the hard one. No, that's actually the easier one to defend.

Unknown Speaker  26:34
Yeah. Um, okay, so

Matthias Miller  26:42
I have a few questions I want to get sucked into that conversation. I'm trying to resist it so we can the short code will be the short code as of the time of the writing of the contract, which means that if you change the short code, that will apply to new contracts, not to historical contracts Correct.

Speaker 1  27:01
You're back. You're back on Damage Waiver fee. Right back on Damage Waiver fee. But I mean, if we move the the short code to the rental the rental company, it's kind of a moot point at that point,

Matthias Miller  27:11
well, or it's live or real time at all times, so whatever the contract says. So in that case, you'll have all contracts that use L, L, D, W, and new contracts that use dwf. And, okay, fine.

Speaker 1  27:25
I mean, okay, so correct my thinking, if I if I'm not thinking correctly, but if we moved the short code to the rental company, then that governs how it's ever seen for everything for that RTO company, and we don't necessarily store it on the contract record. It's just that's so if it changes, right, if it changes at the RTO company level, it literally changes it everywhere you know, past and in future, correct? I'm fine with that. I think that actually models reality a little bit better than because, like I said in RTO pro right now, it's a complete global setting per well, okay, right? Let me back up and say this way, RTO Pro does not think about the idea of running multiple companies underneath the same platform, there's always a one to one relationship between a software instance and a company. So you RTO pro doesn't have a model for that. There is like this, this database model, or this like server model, where you can run multiple companies together as like interactively, but it is still a one, one to one ratio between the Firebird database and company. So it makes sense at that point that it is a global setting, because it literally is RTO company. So going to the company setting would mirror what RTO Pro is currently doing.

Matthias Miller  28:56
Right? You could also make not to not to beat a dead horse. You could also make a compelling argument that this is really determined by the contract, and that by what whatever the contract calls it or the state wants it called. And that's makes, you know, makes sense. But then again, devil's advocate argue for moving it to the contract definition, which would argue for moving it to the contract definition. Now you're going to have agents who are going to be working in North Carolina and South Carolina, Indiana and Kansas, and they say, oh, in Kansas, it's LDW, and here it's the dwf, and it's the Yeah, we know it's different everywhere, and we're going to accidentally call it the wrong thing sometimes, but who cares?

Speaker 1  29:34
So if we move to the contract definition, that would negate that, that potential confusion, because we could handle the short code on a per state basis.

Matthias Miller  29:44
You would always see what the state calls it if you actually do call it different things in different states. Now it can also introduce a new level of confusion, because now you, like people, need to know it gets called different things. At different things in different states.

Matthias Miller  30:10
But I don't know in practice,

Speaker 1  30:12
it is somewhat of an issue, because for generating invoices, billing invoices, which is something we haven't talked about yet, we're going to be referencing some sort of field, which it will probably end up being the short code field, being the short code field for So,

Matthias Miller  30:39
damn lost. That's an LDW damage, liability damage, that's also an LDW

Speaker 2  30:49
lost damage, yeah, there you go. Lost damage.

Matthias Miller  30:58
No damage,

Unknown Speaker  31:01
disallowed.

Matthias Miller  31:05
Lost Damage Waiver fee,

Unknown Speaker  31:12
lost Damage Waiver,

Matthias Miller  31:17
lost Damage Waiver, I

Matthias Miller  31:26
Okay, so it looks like the basic is either a liability Damage Waiver, a loss damage waiver or a loss Damage Waiver fee, which you could argue is, is goes between LDW and LDW f, if you really want to have different terms. The fun thing is, it's also not clear from the short code what you should call it when you're naming it in person, like out loud, you can't tell the difference between liability waiver fee and loss waiver fee. I'm getting super personality. Maybe it doesn't matter. It seems like I'm merely introducing the questions. Maybe I'm introducing more confusion instead of clarity. It seems it depends. It feels like we're trying to answer a question on pragmatically. How do people want to the two questions that matter the most is, do you care if your customer service agents use different terminology from the invoice, do you have to invoice it as it's named in the contract?

Speaker 1  32:28
Okay? This is, here's, here's my opinion. My opinion is that let's mirror what RTO Pro was doing, because most people are used to that. So let's put it on the rental company.

Matthias Miller  32:41
Okay, all right, so we're going to have a To Do, Seth, add a dwf short code. Do you want to be a drop list that you can add to with a list of default short codes that you can ship? Or do you just want people to put

Speaker 1  33:02
it in? I It's not a bad idea. So you're basically LDW, dwf, and there was a third one,

Matthias Miller  33:12
uh, LD, WF,

Speaker 1  33:14
lost Damage Waiver fee, right? Yeah, lost damage waiver and loss. Yeah, I think that's right. Let's, let's ship with those three with the ability to add. I

Unknown Speaker  33:56
Okay, so then Okay,

Matthias Miller  34:01
so we're not going to they're going to distinguish between loss damage and liability damage. So then this goes away, delete column. And then we have a method, a type, which is, really, can type the payment frequency

Speaker 1  34:23
or payment period or something like that. Yeah, you could, we could we can definitely, can rename that. Let's use payment period

Matthias Miller  34:36
contract definition. You and you

Speaker 1  34:49
probably if we're going to name payment period in damage variable fee, we probably want to make sure we name it payment period in late fees, to make sure that language allows.

Matthias Miller  35:10
Yeah, because we would never want to actually come on,

Matthias Miller  35:21
we have a method. Okay? So when you have $1 amount, it's just fixed. There is no min or max, yeah, when you have a percentage, then you have a percentage amount with a min or max dollar value. That's right,

Speaker 1  35:37
yeah, some cases allow you to charge a dynamic fee of 10% of the payment with a max of, usually that, then they usually give some sort of max. Now you I could be talked into a now, leave the min and max there, that way somebody can define fine mins and maxes. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  35:57
Now we want to consolidate this, because we're doing it for RTR and RTO. Do you

Matthias Miller  36:11
want to call this damage waiver? Damage waivers? Yep,

Unknown Speaker  36:16
damage waivers, waivers,

Matthias Miller  36:20
and then waivers

Matthias Miller  36:27
the damage sign guy visible for RTR and RTO. So then we have an RG of payment period

Unknown Speaker  36:47
here, let's just do this.

Speaker 1  36:48
Okay, riddle me this. What if we got? What if we got? What if we combine the section of late fees and damage waiver fee, and you had a the first column we you could type it whether it's a late fee or a damage waiver. Make it one section,

Matthias Miller  37:04
just a fees section, basically, and then you would have a payment

Speaker 1  37:09
frequency. So the first column would be, you need to define whether it's a damage waiver fee or whether it's a late fee. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  37:17
let's try this and make it

Speaker 1  37:18
all one, all one thing, because they mirror each other, don't they? No, they don't marry each other because on the late fees we have, whether it's on the account or contract and grace periods and so on and so forth. So they don't really mirror each other, unless you can handle that gracefully in some way. I guess you could just blank those fields if you if you say it's a damage waiver

Matthias Miller  37:50
counter contract.

Matthias Miller  38:02
I mean, it's all the same, except for counter contract grace period and tax options.

Speaker 1  38:09
Nope, we need tax options for the for the damage waiver fee as well.

Matthias Miller  38:14
So a counter contract, the

Speaker 1  38:16
only difference between the two right now is the grace period and counter con, account or contract? Okay,

Matthias Miller  38:22
well, let's give it a shot. Think it might actually be close enough. It may make sense fee type. Then we have account slash contract, only available for late fee. Choice of you've got per account per if you have rent to own cats, you would have it per account,

Speaker 2  38:50
rent to own cats, That was pretty good. Grace Period. Days

Matthias Miller  39:00
only available.

Speaker 2  39:05
Available. I can't spell available, available, available. Where is it available? Method,

Matthias Miller  39:17
Method, we said increment per day. Oh,

Speaker 1  39:27
shoot. If we're going to put this together, then we're going to talk about other fees as well as as well. And do we want to try and combine it into one big fees? RG, what other fees like? NSF, well, no, not. Well, no, NSS fee. Fee is a single thing. There is delivery fees, redelivery fees and I. There's another one. What do they call it? It is basically like, this isn't right, but it's closed as a contract generation fee, a processing fee. That's what it was. I

Unknown Speaker  40:36
so this is I'm

Matthias Miller  40:49
well, this is Actually editable for I

Unknown Speaker  41:03
Yaks

Matthias Miller  41:05
tax options. I

Matthias Miller  41:32
so that we'd have NSF fees could go down here and do you want to require that there's at least one Late Fee?

Speaker 1  41:54
Maybe a company doesn't charge late fees. Okay?

Speaker 1  42:04
Um, tell me why you would. Tell me why you would want to, I'm assuming, require some sort of RG row,

Matthias Miller  42:13
or at least warn if there are none.

Unknown Speaker  42:17
Yeah, that's fair. I

Unknown Speaker  42:32
Okay, So then We have, I'm

Matthias Miller  43:20
okay? So that basically gets late fees then,

Unknown Speaker  43:32
except for this, so let's go see if

Unknown Speaker  43:38
we end Damage Waiver fees. I

Unknown Speaker  43:45
please. So then this one goes.

Speaker 1  44:02
So fun knocking the it's fun knocking things out that say think,

Unknown Speaker  44:16
okay so I'm

Unknown Speaker  44:34
and if you've if you've transferred anything that You transferred or just deleted out of this document, the something to handle, thing we need to we need to talk about at some point. But,

Unknown Speaker  44:54
okay, let's do um.

Matthias Miller  45:22
The W I feel of the contract is term minus One, as in

Unknown Speaker  45:26
last payment doesn't get a dwf. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  45:51
A diesel exhaust sweep.

Unknown Speaker  45:57
All right, so then

Matthias Miller  46:01
these need to be updated based on our conversations. I

Unknown Speaker  46:28
Okay, so then,

Matthias Miller  46:38
are these fixed rates i

Matthias Miller  46:47
or does this need you to go research how they work.

Speaker 1  46:53
Most of the times they are fixed rate. But this is a to do for me, to go think through that see how RTO Pro is handling processing fees and redelivery fees and and some of those other things. Most of the time on redelivery fees and any of those types of fees. Most of the times they are fixed numbers. They have to be in the contract. Customers have to basically what they have to sign it as part of the contract. So but let me, let me go see how it's like, that's still, that's still in my court to to look at, I would really love to come up with, like, I'd love to come up with a way to handle all of that inside of the same RG as late fees and damage major fees. It's like, this whole big section of types of fees that are allowed on the contract. And it just, we spec them all, yep.

Unknown Speaker  47:54
Okay, so,

Speaker 1  48:00
and that the whole section on the floating due dates and locked payment cycles. I That's not I'm not anywhere done figuring this out. I really need to we I really need to talk this through with you on how we can how this functionally, under the hood, would work for all the the payment period fees, and validating that the correct payment period, or the that we don't charge more than one fee per payment period, whatever the payment period may be. And I guess we're this is where I you want to get into this. Is that where we're going next?

Matthias Miller  48:37
Yeah, I wonder if you could effectively, I actively,

Matthias Miller  48:46
aren't you almost like buying yourself a grace period? And could you frame it as such? So your due date is the due date? Well

Speaker 1  48:56
this, and I know that the scenario that's running around in my head, that absolutely is probably such an outlier, but it's we have to make sure we get it right. Is this the person that figures out the game, in other words, plays the if you were really, really smart and you didn't have a lot of you know, you couldn't just chunk the per monthly payment, or whatever it is, you just play the late fee, the late fee game, and you just pay enough to move you just far enough that you never incur a late fee, but the moment that you do like, but it on a floating due date, if you paid just enough to move you forward a little bit and a little bit and a little bit and little bit and little bit you just like, drip payment. It in. When do you charge a late fee if they ever missed one of those? And if you did that, if it ended up right at the end of the month and and then they crossed over, like if they if you continued to play this game, the potential exists that, like you charge it one late fee and then five or seven days later, if you missed it again? Because you crossed periods, you could have a late fee, potentially within a week or so of each other.

Matthias Miller  50:10
Well, if you, if you say that, you,

Matthias Miller  50:18
if you run it by whole periods, it also solves the problem with like, if you say that it's just a grace extension, basically, and you say it's not paid until you have, like, month one is not paid until you've made one month's worth of payments. And your daily, daily, daily payments is just a grace period extension, and if you fail to make it, you incur a historical late fee. Well, it's not a historical one,

Speaker 1  50:55
but see that that concept works with the locked period. So with a locked period, until you pay the full month of rent, the period has not been paid, and so therefore it's easy to incur a late fee in in the floating due date thing. It is, it's so much, it feels so much more vague to me as to when is fair and when is like, when should you charge it? And like, yeah, that's the one that I get. I get really, really hung up on.

Matthias Miller  51:26
So is it? Is that floating due date written into the contract?

Unknown Speaker  51:31
No,

Matthias Miller  51:34
so this is so that's where it was saying you could simplify this whole thing, just to say you don't think about it. It's not a floating due date. It's floating grace period. Grace Period slash auto pay date. So it's still due on the on the first but because you paid it, you get an extra because you paid ahead, quote, quote, you get an extra 10 days grace period on the following due date,

Matthias Miller  52:18
and then the moment you Pass it that if you don't pay up to that, you can, you can slap a historical fee on it because, Well, you technically were late.

Speaker 1  52:41
Yeah, yeah. But with a if you, if you float the due date, and the customer says, when's my next if I paid just enough to move me five days? Customer says, Well, what's my due date now? And so, you know, five days after that, so that's the due date, like, if any point in there the customer, as long as they paid that, as long as they stayed ahead of that floating due date, then, like, they always look at that as, like, that's my that's my due date, you know if and so,

Matthias Miller  53:15
I mean, this is no different, though. Okay, so then the very simple answer is saying you can't charge a due date within one month of each other. So if you are a late fee, so if you charge a late fee on the fifth on May five, you can't charge the next one until June five, and it's no different than

Speaker 1  53:32
No. I agree with that. The issue that I have is is that

Unknown Speaker  53:40
if you,

Speaker 1  53:44
if you say that you if, if floating due dates say that you cannot charge a late fee within 30 days of the last one, okay, yep, the potential exists. Somebody plays the game and ends up spreading out, you know, where they put, could put, you could, you could get a, potentially, a due date that is 50 days from each other, when they really could have been 30 days from each other. But because of how the floating due date thing worked, it didn't, it didn't incur one until way later in the month,

Matthias Miller  54:18
right? Because they were making daily payments,

Unknown Speaker  54:21
yeah, but then that, like,

Matthias Miller  54:26
I kind of think you're right, but I kind of think you're not

Speaker 1  54:34
okay. Like, I don't disagree with you. This is where I got so stuck in my head. I'm like, There's got to be a simple way for this. There's got to be a very cut and dried, fair way that I can explain it to a customer or to a customer service rep, and I feel so foggy

Matthias Miller  54:51
about but the only way you can extend it to date by 50 days is if you make daily payments, or if you make a partial payment, you. Like we will incur a due date anytime you're at least 30 days behind in payments,

Unknown Speaker  55:06
or

Matthias Miller  55:10
it's been well and it's been at least 30 days after the last one.

Speaker 1  55:15
Okay, but is it okay? But then, then we have to argue about this thing. Is it 30 days? Or is it 28 days or 3330 point whatever? Like, what per month? So do you like? What do you but again, what do you consider a month? And if you're, if you're floating

Matthias Miller  55:30
monthly payment amount and the month since the last, the last time a late fee was charged? Anytime? You incur more than a month's worth of past due balance, and your late fee is more than a month in the past you incur a late fee.

Speaker 1  56:02
Is there a way to build this in Google Sheets and so that we can play around with it?

Matthias Miller  56:16
I think it probably is. I need to drop off for a call, trying to pick it up in half an hour or leave it for

Speaker 1  56:28
tomorrow. Hold on. Let me look at my calendar. I think we could. We could probably pick it up in a half an hour. What is today? Today, today, today, today, today, today. Yeah, I could pick it up in a half an hour. Just, just message me when you're aware when you're ready again. Okay, hoping if

Matthias Miller  56:43
talk good. Thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai