Matthias Miller  00:44
All righty.

Matthias Miller  00:52
So here's the take this out as I got it, here's the list that I've got the receipt that vouchered undeposited funds, the reconcile issues and the custom report and the budget import anything else that I should be putting on the list?

Unknown Speaker  01:24
sounds right to me.

Matthias Miller  01:30
All right. Let me jump in too. So I'm just gonna work down the list. And if you guys want in a different way, I guess actually, let's do this mark. Which ones do you most want to be part of? On these? Do you like cover those first?

Speaker 1  01:58
mean probably the budget import. And I'd like to at least have a bit of an understanding on what's happening with the issue Judy scribed on checking account balance versus reconcile balance between those two but

Matthias Miller  02:26
Okay, so let's see, as far as the budget import, I got the file. I don't know how much work this would be it would simplify my life. If we could have this come in in three columns. First column is the account main. Second column is the order the account name, the full account name. So you see 10 out of one cash in second column being the started month, one 124. And then the third column be the budget amount and have that repeated 12 times. If that's an easy thing to format it like that it would make my life easier. But if not, we can certainly import it this way as well, I believe.

Speaker 1  03:16
So just know that's easy to do event. Want to make sure I have the right details first column, you want the full account name like ABC,

Unknown Speaker  03:25
then the numbers and then the final child name that we're using. Sounds like the same thing that I do for you do on payroll import. And then the second column is 12. Is that startup money?

Matthias Miller  03:50
It's the startup. Yes.

Speaker 1  03:53
So you need like any sort of like, oh, one that slash Oh, one slash 2024.

Matthias Miller  04:03
That's a that's a great format. As long as that's a great format is I think as long as as it's recognized as a date format in the in the spreadsheet, I think it should be fine, but that point is perfect. Okay.

Speaker 1  04:17
And then the third is the amount. Correct? And do you need all three of those columns repeated for every month?

Matthias Miller  04:28
Well for anything that you bring the budget numbers he wants that but yes.

Speaker 1  04:35
Okay, so you need the account name listed 12 times 812 times and then the amount of times Correct. Yeah, I can get that for you. Okay.

Matthias Miller  04:54
Reconcile issues. I'm almost certain that this is something that is my fault because of what Meeting accidentally voiding and recruiting transactions and cause something to go sideways. But drew maybe saw me a little bit on what's going on? Well,

Speaker 2  05:16
I'm not, I'm really not sure what it is, is we have what the balance sheet says is my balance as, say, December 31. is, you know, so that balance, and then figuring in outstanding deposits and checks should be my current usable balance. And then from the other side, I should be able to take the amount that my bank account shows, as of that date, like the statement date of 1231, figure outstanding deposits and checks payments into that, and I should hit the same amount. All right, what I am, I'm like $4,400, I was working with Feds on him and then like $4,400 different. If I, if I create a transaction to make up that difference, I then have to reconcile it out. And now my reconcile is over. And so we went around and around trying to figure out where to put this, this item. And there's just, there's just nowhere to put it. Because if you write a new, like in Delaware to change, so you would think that if you take the 1231 balance her the statement, figure out exactly which transactions are missing in your books, figure them in, that's what's your balance, your usable balance as of 1231. And then you just backtrack from there. Well, the only way to match that is to add a transaction, which means then it messes up my reconcile, which means that's not so the only conclusion that I could come up with is either my calculations of what's outstanding is wrong, which is possible, but I verified it two different ways. And the other possibility is if something could possibly be reconciled on two different reconciliation periods, which normally I would say that's not possible either. But given that, you know, our transactions had been assigned to a certain one and then we tried to roll them in. I don't know if there's any way to figure out if there is there's

Matthias Miller  08:09
only one possible Okay, so that's an interesting avenue to chase and it wouldn't take long to chase it down. It would be said transline What is it called?

Matthias Miller  08:39
The only way it could be as if we have it actively reconciled in one and pending reconciliation and another okay, because we do have two separate fields for that. So let's see if we've got any situations where those are both specified an easy way to execute that

Unknown Speaker  09:06
was we tried everything just came back to it's not gonna work.

Matthias Miller  09:15
Okay, so, so you were comparing the balance sheet ending balance versus statement ending balance, right.

Unknown Speaker  09:22
Yeah, let me let me show you a spreadsheet.

Matthias Miller  09:26
Here. Why don't you Yeah, feel free to share your screen.

Speaker 2  09:52
So, this is what the bank has as of 1231.

Matthias Miller  09:59
Can you see it Oh, yes, I can see it well enough.

Speaker 2  10:06
So 5020 is in 82 cents, my outstanding checks are 22,005 15 and change, outstanding deposit of 13. And so we got my balance minus my outstanding checks plus my deposit gives me a current balance of negative 4400. And change. Yep, and this is my is my list in assist the balance sheet as of 1231, actually, it's this column here, as that amount on the balance sheet, I would need to write this amount in order to make it reconcile and write a new transaction of this 2,000,504 In order to, to complete that reconcile and make it reconcile with this bank balance of zero, you know, have to zero it out.

Matthias Miller  11:04
Right. So,

Speaker 2  11:06
if I write this transaction, I will ever resulting $18.38 as the as my current bank balance, because all of these items are, are in the books. Like all these outstanding items are in the books, so we're saying

Matthias Miller  11:36
you asked me on that part.

Speaker 2  11:38
So, so they're not so these items were not cleared in the in this reconcile? Yep. But they, they are in the books, so they're not affecting my reconcile situation, but they wouldn't be affecting my bank balance. So that's what I figured in here.

Matthias Miller  12:05
So balance sheet, they would also be affecting your balance sheet.

Speaker 2  12:08
Right, and they will be affecting our balance sheet so they're basically they're already figured in as I write this transaction, that leaves me with a bank balance of $18.38. So I have this difference. We wrote this difference and this was when it firsthand. We wrote it, you know, nothing changed.

Matthias Miller  12:34
So the balance sheet. Okay, can I ignore column H for now? Is that what you're saying?

Speaker 2  12:41
Yeah, ignore column H that was just the first try before we added that transaction.

Matthias Miller  12:45
So I guess so the balance sheet currently shows negative to have and then needed to reconcile how did you come up with with needed to reconcile that needed to reconcile amount

Speaker 2  12:58
that's my that's how far I'm off. So I've selected everything that needs to be cleared in this reconcile. Reconcile and then my difference was this, this 2,000,005

Matthias Miller  13:18
Do you know for sure that all of your historical statements are still tying out to their statement amounts.

Speaker 2  13:27
Well, so everything I went to the ledger, and every that's one of the way I've verified my outstanding numbers is I went to the to the Bank Ledger and everything historically is either cleared or reconciled except for these right here as of 1231. Now, we can go change values, as far as what our statement says, supposed to be on the statement things but it doesn't change. It doesn't change my balances at all.

Matthias Miller  14:08
Is this this is ABC primary.

Unknown Speaker  14:11
This is shut down. Okay.

Matthias Miller  14:27
Wait,

Speaker 2  14:28
we Hey, I think I just figured it out. Tell me how does this okay. So no, maybe it's not I don't know. My ledger that I was looking at, that matched the balance sheet was only last year. Not Oh, all time into infinity. Oh. Is there something else? Well, we just wrote that transaction we wrote we wrote to 1979, which can be changed. But is there anything else that could be said some prior year? Oh,

Matthias Miller  15:21
let's do this date range from one 119 100 to 1231 22. For shed time

Speaker 2  15:36
43 Oh, yeah. 22 Yeah.

Matthias Miller  15:39
Let me let me throw this up here see

Unknown Speaker  15:50
should have

Speaker 2  16:06
although, I mean, the bank, the balance sheet is still going to consider all time is when should

Matthias Miller  16:23
we see here. Yeah, I mean, here's your opening balance equity.

Unknown Speaker  16:28
Yeah, that's what we just read today. Which didn't fix the problem

Matthias Miller  16:41
was cleared in 1231?

Matthias Miller  16:52
Can you share your screen again, let me take down some I don't know what else to do besides take down some notes and chase it down. Or if you want to, if you prefer this spreadsheet, over would probably even be better. Yeah,

Speaker 2  17:10
I can send that over. I might, I might just get rid of that. That 79 transaction, this one, right? CMS and be this one right here. And just give the numbers before we started doing that. But and here's where I get that, that difference number. So my starting balance is correct. And then there was all kinds of gibberish to clear out the news. Here's my statement ending balance there's my difference. So what I'm saying so your

Matthias Miller  17:53
so your accounting and Stephen balance starting balance match

Speaker 2  17:58
right now that

Speaker 2  18:07
like, if as long as these new items were not reconciled, it shouldn't make a difference to my starting balance because my starting balance should only be affected if I delete well or change which effectively is deleting a slave reconcile. But that what should

Matthias Miller  18:35
so your statement is saying I'm really confused because your statement is saying

Matthias Miller  18:47
that your debits and credits cleared were almost identical. But well. Yeah. But why why would accounting be off? So like for X uncleared credits

Speaker 2  19:08
because there was well, I mean, you'll see right here all this all these years and items, you know, go all the way back to May. This is all news. Again, just from getting things fixed. And they're all practically all. Now, whether they actually went to the bank or not, I mean, who knows and we don't care. But, um, you know, they're, they're paid. So, um, the way I actually reconciled this was to compare what I need to save for January with like the QuickBooks rack compile saying what's outstanding? Was my January statement saying what I need for that. So, in a sense, instead of instead of reconciling or clearing, what is on the December statement, instead I say I left uncleared everything that is not on the jam. Like, yeah, kind of coming from the other side.

Matthias Miller  20:25
Yeah, makes sense. All my head is spinning just a little bit. It's just because it's the afternoon

Matthias Miller  20:45
All right, let me see if I can. Let me go ahead. Wait, wait, what is?

Matthias Miller  21:02
4481 60?

Unknown Speaker  21:05
Are these numbers right here are 1500?

Unknown Speaker  21:22
You got to be kidding.

Speaker 2  21:33
It doesn't have to be impossible not to miss something. So what did I do wrong? Oh, yes. So it is it is. There's three items right here. Then we have written in January. They're reconciled in December? Because that's when they actually hit. Yeah, per Whitney wanted them in January, because they're January's run around. But they actually have to be sent before that. So that means they come out of the bank before that. reconciled before that. Oh, that's where it is. There it is. So technically, these would be would function like deposits, wouldn't they? I mean, their payments, but they would their payments that are not involved with this

Matthias Miller  22:42
balance? Well, I mean, one thing you could do is take your general ledger and have your balance and subtract these transactions. And if there's nothing else happening on January 1, and second

Speaker 2  22:57
are the add them to the balance? Because that's right, subtract them, because they did actually come out. Right? Yeah, got it. Yep.

Matthias Miller  23:08
I mean, either way, you can, again, a person in a different way, as long as you add or subtract the right way, whichever we coming from. There is a very technical term for debugging problems. It's called the rubber ducky rubber duck debugging technique, which is where you take a rubber duck and you explain it to the rubber duck. And by the time you're done explaining you have your answer. Been there done that? We were

Speaker 2  23:33
to the place where it was like, this has to be more simple than this. We have got to be overthinking something. This is a relief. Yes. Well, it's always glad I mean, sometimes it looks stupid, but at least it's an easy

Matthias Miller  23:48
solution. So yeah.

Speaker 2  23:52
Right now. Okay, well, that one's taking care of them. So thanks for your assistance. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  23:58
absolutely. Good. All right, so jumping over into r&b

Matthias Miller  24:21
Alright, so the r&b numbers went from all kinds of things down to 148 items. Oh, right. So the ones who had the beginning May and June I don't know at what point we start getting worried. Let's go back in November. We're looking at November. Okay, so here's one. I didn't really dig too much deeper. So here's the one a Pio for this. And somehow it was received and I don't know if the vendor invoice got deleted, but it's not linked to a vendor invoice.

Matthias Miller  25:06
We could study point hardware. We could look at Stoney Stoney point hardware and see if we can find anything. It would be in November 565 or BSC 1300 Yes also for rebar. Po here is 70 record ID 79 to five you're 18 488 Looks to me like we have a duplicate Pio but I don't know somebody else well now the reception date is 1010 so that can't be true. Let's go back to other invoices some could be a good December December December we have one also for

Matthias Miller  26:11
okay it looks okay this is my guess I don't know if this is right. Looks like this vendor invoice or was I looks like this vendor invoice should have been linked to this purchase order entered on 10 Three received on 1010 invoice date I mean it's a little let's let's go to the attachments let's see maybe not

Matthias Miller  26:49
this is just a whole bunch of this was we said this was stony. Now let's see if the other one is Stony Point. Here's an invoice for Stoney point in November 223. This one here is that is dated for 1213 Instead of november two, but it seems likely that in November to invoice might have been for a 1010 reception. Again, speculation hand wavy, but that's what looks like it's going on here with this one. Which as an aside Well anyway, as a minor inventory valuation issues because vendor invoice, I don't know what the other implications are.

Speaker 2  27:52
So would there be two invoices, one of them being attached to the PIO and one just writing something new.

Matthias Miller  28:00
So that's the idea. I think that's the idea. Like, here's another one for peanut butter from Walnut Creek cheese. So this was in November, so if we go to all the cheese, ABC and group by month so we think this would be like a maybe a December

Matthias Miller  28:32
or a I'm not sure. But it's not linked to a vendor invoice at least. Like there's all of these at some point they go from. I mean, at some point, that's exactly what's going on. We have a Pio but no vendor invoice

Matthias Miller  28:58
if we go back here, I would expect that we would start seeing that. Let's see. That's a Yeah, I would expect that until we get all the way back to start even mid June. Even as far as mid June. We're that's why these are here. June 2, actually most of these because it would it would come in the other order.

Unknown Speaker  29:23
Oh, that's right. I mean, this is gonna be the first thing they're gonna hit.

Matthias Miller  29:31
Now for the vendor invoices like this one for the debits most likely for the early debits. Most likely that's because of an old Pio. Like here, this one here let's go to give it let's take a look at a debit in October just for fun. So here we've got one. This was received on March 23. It says

Unknown Speaker  30:01
That's before the

Matthias Miller  30:03
before before but here's 110 21 is received a couple of days before I'm not sure what's going on with this 11821 A well let's go find out we're counting transactions Do we have any transactions for this guy? We did but it got voided

Matthias Miller  30:42
let's see if there are any errors on this one it's okay there's an account missing somewhere here so then most likely if you've got a debit if you've got outstanding debits past a couple of months something it's an error most likely the error would be missing accounts but you know to be determined

Matthias Miller  31:18
but bottom line bottom line is this thing has is still in much better shape than it had been right

Speaker 2  31:28
and credits are most likely simply unattached vos or whatever isn't correct

Matthias Miller  31:41
I mean, I haven't seen anything so far just sampling a few that it's anything but that like these are all showing up with vendor invoice empty

Speaker 2  31:53
so can we just can we just write vendor invoices for those select everything for that company that you know that fits those old dates and

Unknown Speaker  32:07
the market paid I mean, there's Is there any way other than other than finding all the invoices that they're supposed to be part of? Or what's going to happen is gonna this is gonna increase your inventory, isn't it? Or they're gonna know they're ready and

Matthias Miller  32:38
they're in inventory. Inventory but the manual vendor invoices will never will will they?

Speaker 2  32:48
Yeah because they'll just have written an extra line item to make it work on the invoices

Matthias Miller  33:03
so they're right the fact that we received it means it's in inventory

Matthias Miller  33:16
when we do inventory counts, it'll reset it Mark, can you think of any Oh Mark left firmer?

Matthias Miller  33:35
I think so, but I'm nervous about there being some kind of implication that I haven't thought through. Right, especially on the inventory side. But I'll give it ultimately all it means is that vendor invoice that these POS on the on your balance sheet looks like you double paid for them. So you'll have to create an adjustment a an equity adjustment of an equal amount or something like that to get into zero out

Unknown Speaker  34:13
from received not vouchered.

Matthias Miller  34:18
No, from the raw materials or whatever. Oh, the final account got final account. Because I mean, when you write your vendor invoice, if you time out to the vendor invoice, it should adjust and receive that vouchered. So you should be good there. Right.

Speaker 2  34:39
So basically, it's every single account that these things would hit.

Matthias Miller  34:47
Yeah, right. No problem. Well, the good news is you can generate the vendor invoice, run accounting impact and then hit, hit View accounting transactions. and see which accounts they hit for how much

Unknown Speaker  35:05
would you do that?

Matthias Miller  35:06
I mean,

Speaker 2  35:07
like I'd have to push a new like have a before and after income save our balance sheet. No.

Matthias Miller  35:22
Create your vendor invoices cancel everything out. Push, push vendor invoices over into accounting for each of the vendor invoices that you created go into View accounting transactions and pull up the transaction for that and that'll tell you breakroom supplies was this much raw materials was this much

Speaker 2  35:45
and I could truly no I can't write it therapy's gonna get stomped on again you

Matthias Miller  35:50
I don't think you want to do it in the bed no you can't do it there and I don't think you want to do it in the vendor invoice because it'll create $0 inventory items. Yeah. But you could also I mean you can do it pretty simply to you could actually copy it copy the transactions, move everything over to the other is a little slow but can move everything from debit to credit and then move this one back over here and put it into the into the equity account or owners or whatever whatever it is

Unknown Speaker  36:47
and how do I

Speaker 2  36:57
how do I know I would search vendor invoices I just make a date pick a day sometime in 23 give all my vendor invoices that will now have to be after all of those things so they work

Matthias Miller  37:15
right it's up to you when you want to do it in some ways it could make sense as a 1231 transaction to tie everything out but

Speaker 2  37:27
and then just search for vendor invoices on 1231

Unknown Speaker  37:34
Yeah

Matthias Miller  37:36
already I mean if you want to make it a little easier for yourself put the vendor invoice on a Sunday probably probably not many data on that huh I mean you'll still have to go through all of these and make a list of all the vendors that have right I guess we I mean we could write a report it's pretty it would be something like this Oh you have a why

Matthias Miller  38:34
what would it be so we'd be looking at

Matthias Miller  38:42
MB skews and amounts well it's actually easier than this

Matthias Miller  39:13
you have the vendor

Unknown Speaker  39:45
let's actually do this

Matthias Miller  39:59
this would be default to 531 23 and 1231 23 and then let's

Matthias Miller  40:25
let's group by to vendor

Matthias Miller  40:59
no no this is this is perfect but it's

Matthias Miller  41:17
we could probably also just do

Speaker 2  41:30
so would this be everything that was in like every transaction that came across receipts or what is staying there? Like is this just those top items or is this stuff that's tied out

Matthias Miller  41:45
to good point yeah this is 230 This is too much this should also be way SKU field it would be actually be something like and not

Matthias Miller  42:34
Yeah, that's looking better these would be

Matthias Miller  42:43
Yeah, this is now filtered down to the ones that

Speaker 2  42:48
okay. Oh, yeah. I'm not surprised won't hurt cheese. They, they have a confusing issue over there.

Matthias Miller  42:57
Okay. All right. So I'm not 100% sure if this is completely everything but but at least this is to get you 95% of the way

Speaker 2  43:12
yeah, do those and then find out what's leftover and be a little more manual at that point. Yep.

Matthias Miller  43:24
All right, and then we were looking at customer let's see and deposit undeposited funds

Matthias Miller  43:41
so while that's running

Matthias Miller  43:48
we have I mean, we still have transactions that aren't getting typed out or refunds or something that unless I'm missing something aren't getting tied out to the sales order, which is going to be problematic. And I'm not sure in most of the old transactions. We didn't start tracking all the information we needed to from stripe prior to about November of last year, and so there's a lot of the historical ones that don't tie out to the sales order correctly. But okay, so here we go. Just isn't pretty. This is where things start going sideways. And I looked at a few of these this one is because it's a stripe payout. And I believe now did I not fix this? I thought I fix this

Unknown Speaker  45:05
Let's like yeah

Matthias Miller  45:09
we have a so we have 8416 minus 740-538-2047 20 which is that one then we have a Nate teen Why are those grouped together in 1890? Why?

Unknown Speaker  46:14
Seven

Matthias Miller  46:20
because they are on the same is recruiting bye

Matthias Miller  47:00
include complete okay we have it's because we have two sales orders for the same customer and we are grouping them together on the stripe payout by customer which is why we're not oh

Unknown Speaker  47:33
never thought it'd be so hard to count dollar bills yeah

Matthias Miller  47:52
but one unrelated story my former office space kept sending me invoices copies of an invoice that was already paid that was like I paid this what's up what's up what's up finally they're like oh, we assigned a payment to the wrong invoice you have a different Invoices Unpaid you owe us a month from six months ago like Anyway

Matthias Miller  48:29
good it'd be so hard we had wanted I think what we had said is what we talked about was on the

Matthias Miller  48:52
one of the transaction reports cash reports are something including the customer name, date and oh something else what is it? Was the cache the caching card transactions maybe Oh,

Unknown Speaker  49:14
okay. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  49:18
So and then because of that if you've got two different sales orders or if you've got multiple payments for the same sales order or multiple payments for the same thing, we're grouping them together so if you want the account balance agnostic to tie the amount appropriately then you need to replicate the logic here

Matthias Miller  49:42
it's probably what we might be what we need to do it's just I don't know okay, so well that's what I mean that's that's what we what it would take to fix it stripe payouts group by Bill Two plus date. plus payment method just like accounting transactions. Okay? Here we have this. Well, these are reasons so debits probably don't care about because they're probably just not deposited yet

Matthias Miller  50:24
this is appears to be a similar matching issue, let me guess, somewhere here we have exactly where but matching, she's probably going to be most of this stuff actually at this point. It's anything if it has a credit card transaction anywhere, which most of these would.

Speaker 2  50:50
So we're not matching the credit card payment properly with the sales order. Like we're not taking the fee out?

Matthias Miller  51:02
Well, we are taking the fee out, but we're grouping multiple payments for the same customer into a single line item regardless of sales order. And so we need to replicate that grouping over and on this end to properly match things up. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  51:40
think that'll will clear up a good bit of it. But then there's also some really old stuff like this one. Here's a payment that's not properly linked to sales order.

Speaker 2  52:00
Do Do we have something that that we can look at our sales orders that are problems? Because if the sales orders are taken care of. Like if I know that the sales orders are all properly taken care of I don't really mind just writing an appropriate journal entry out of this thing.

Matthias Miller  52:32
So what kind of report would you be looking for they're

Unknown Speaker  52:36
not sure. Something that

Speaker 2  52:44
so that that sales order aging report?

Matthias Miller  53:01
Well, it would be an undo. I mean, we could give you an undeposited undeposited funds report on sales orders.

Speaker 2  53:15
Like funds that are attached to sales orders that were never deposited? Yes. Yeah, I'm not sure if that's going to show I mean, that might help. But we also have like, a whole bunch of deposits that just clear out old stuff like old payments. So I don't know that we're like, how do we know that those payments that were applied are correctly applied? Because we're looking at correctly applied payments.

Matthias Miller  54:08
Okay, so you will have trouble wrapping my head around what we're what you're after. I think there's two quick two ways I could ask the same question number one. Here are here is the truth written in stone of what should have been that we can compare sales orders to? What is that? And that's one way to approach it. The other approach is, what are all the ways that sales orders can be wrong and how can we catch that? How are you thinking about which of those ways are you thinking about it?

Speaker 2  54:46
Probably the method of power what are all the ways that a that the payments recorded on a sales order could be wrong? Sure. And now there might be some other way to say

Speaker 2  55:10
here's the truth written in stone as to which sales orders are taken care of, and which ones are not. And if they are not properly taken care of, we just go in and make adjustments. I mean, like, if they if they are legitimately taken care of, and they're paid they're nothing to do or nothing's owed if they're in that list but there something wrong with the pain, you know, but it's not showing zero then we just go in and make it show zero whatever we need to do. And I don't know Is there a way to it's kind of like asking the system in what ways are you wrong? Well, okay,

Matthias Miller  56:03
but if the balance isn't zero, it shows up in the ER

Speaker 2  56:10
if the balance is zero, yes, yeah.

Matthias Miller  56:13
So here's here's another way to run it I don't know if I like this but go back over the last six months and find how many deposits were made that this isn't even feasible I don't think deposits that were made that weren't tied to sales orders

Matthias Miller  56:38
and then from there you start breaking down and saying oh, you really don't then you really can't you really can't do that with going back and creating deposit records for all of you know Yeah. Last year or you know, whatever part of the last year

Speaker 2  57:00
well so if we if something is not shown like if it's not showing up in accounts receivable Okay, do we have a way to list all the payments that are connected to the same building as something as a building that is still have something in AR

Unknown Speaker  57:32
payments connected to something that's unfinished because if we can do that then we would know I think if we would clear that up for me just verify that that's all that all those payments are correctly taken care of.

Speaker 2  57:59
Then anything that's not an AR is gonna be there's gonna be the job and if the payments wrongly applied we don't care because I mean it's we're not going by the dollar value we're going what we need to have done is to know that the sales orders are taken care of.

Matthias Miller  58:41
And then on the balance

Matthias Miller  59:10
balance from shifting we can do a sum on here I mean, something like this

Matthias Miller  59:36
I guess we might want

Matthias Miller  1:00:01
We have an injury get right off somewhere when Murphy

Speaker 2  1:00:38
that's pretty new right I'm pretty sure all the the landmark and I don't know about the Greens guy with the landmark probably is not even recorded because I just got them to do couple deposits sorting through landmark stuff and upgrade and

Matthias Miller  1:01:01
yeah we're gonna we think those would we didn't start using them until end of last year or sometime this year

Matthias Miller  1:01:15
I mean I can give this to you

Matthias Miller  1:01:22
so this would be

Speaker 2  1:01:36
so it's the amounts that are listed there on the right are the payment amounts that are already made,

Matthias Miller  1:01:44
right? Yes, correct. So

Speaker 2  1:01:47
anything that has a payment there so we just have to verify that the payment is applied correctly so that our ending balances are due balances is correct

Unknown Speaker  1:02:06
so there's nothing old old

Matthias Miller  1:02:12
I mean, yeah, like you might not actually have that many Okay, here's a bunch from remote sensing 23 October November October you're not going to get cloned the wrong version of the report you don't have your as update filtering here all right.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:39
There are a few items

Matthias Miller  1:02:43
Well, I guess you don't even really want that you don't want you don't care about as all you want is

Speaker 2  1:02:56
like there's a May and July of last year

Matthias Miller  1:03:05
could we do payments on him? Could we do anything with I mean, we could limit it to only things with the balance with payments and within and has the payment between May 31 and December 31. Or is there is there a way to do it?

Unknown Speaker  1:03:37
Yeah, no, that's true.

Speaker 2  1:03:43
Yeah, because if it was the first payment that would still show up if it's the last payment Yeah, that would work.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:53
Okay

Matthias Miller  1:03:55
Hazaragi in game are in range. All right. Yeah, there you go. So then you would still have to be able to payment dates. You know, here's one, here's one with the march payment date but could have had payments early on. I guess the other thing we could do in range

Matthias Miller  1:04:37
so I doubt it makes any practical difference but yeah.

Speaker 2  1:04:54
So basically just fix up anything that's in there that needs to fix And then write a journal entry to correct everything because it's really it's all just stuff that we somehow either deposited or you know, we wrote up fictitious deposit that took it out and it wasn't supposed to or didn't write one yet

Matthias Miller  1:05:38
Alright, so let me I

Speaker 2  1:05:40
mean, I guess the only other thing would be if we received a payment incorrectly. And then it says, Oh, this guy is fully paid when actually he wouldn't have been. And then it fell off the list and

Matthias Miller  1:06:01
yeah, but the only the only way that happens is if conversely, you apply the payment to the wrong sales order. Or, I mean, most likely, at least or

Speaker 2  1:06:20
and the person that you applied incorrectly to the one you're trying to charge again, is going to holler at you.

Matthias Miller  1:06:30
Yeah, why are you doing this? Like, the other thing this doesn't catch is a salesperson got a check for $5,000 on the building and forgot to turn in recorded the payment but forgot to turn into deposit or turning the check.

Speaker 2  1:06:54
Right, which he would have at some point. And then at that point, they probably wrote a miscellaneous line item to say here's a check that we don't you know, true. It shows up on some other thing that it shouldn't right. Yeah, doesn't catch is if they just pocketed it. Well, we're hoping which isn't our problem

Matthias Miller  1:07:21
it's not our problem we're hoping it's more misplaced and pocketing but still not our problem it's rule of accounting

Speaker 2  1:07:31
Well, beings we're not actually going off of these books. We just need to have correct ending balances then we really don't need to know if there's actually like fees tied in here that we're not putting to the right place and and if there's something that is bad debt and we don't know about it or whatever, yeah. Sounds like a plan to me. Okay. Sounds good. All right. If a little bit of time I'd like to look at Accounts Payable yet. I haven't even looked at it since I since we did the read around and everything but just see if there's something there. Let's you don't have time.

Matthias Miller  1:08:23
And then well let me I am going to send you a

Matthias Miller  1:08:35
we can run that I am going to have to drop in 15 minutes. But then we also have an accounting report. The accounting report we talked about that I'm just gonna send it over to us an email maybe

Matthias Miller  1:08:57
in this lecture, you take a look at that we can do looking for your time

Matthias Miller  1:12:09
All right so let's go down to

Unknown Speaker  1:12:22
November just

Matthias Miller  1:12:31
here we have a vendor invoice Why is that not

Matthias Miller  1:12:49
mean I named Sue into account payable okay but was this one paid the type payment amount Do we know how this one was How was this one paid

Speaker 2  1:13:08
by the cheque there I mean that's what we're gonna assume as the cheque number

Matthias Miller  1:13:16
so here we have a matching account coming up via invoice payment

Unknown Speaker  1:13:32
now how do you have so many

Matthias Miller  1:13:37
oh I think it's very possible that when I change it to sport received not vouchered that I broke the accounts payable

Unknown Speaker  1:13:53
well because I have no none of them changed but I've only got like eight in question or so.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:09
Okay

Matthias Miller  1:14:10
if you're running off the standard report it means my custom report is broken and isn't handling handling it correctly.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:18
Okay

Matthias Miller  1:14:21
let's think through how we want to support

Speaker 2  1:14:26
mine is still not dealing with the the checks that pay multiple invoices Correct. Like we discussed the other day. So would you have made that change? Just two years? Maybe

Matthias Miller  1:14:44
requite problem? Problem? Yeah, I couldn't be the standard one recently. So probably but then But then with Airbnb changes. Yeah, failed. Okay, so

Unknown Speaker  1:15:02
Because I mean I have

Speaker 2  1:15:10
I have 103 items that are like they got they're only half here because of their early before June and then I got a couple that I mean I only got in basically everything else after that is legitimately in accounts payable

Matthias Miller  1:15:45
All right, well did you want to let me see what my schedule is like? Did you want to try?

Speaker 2  1:15:55
How's that? We're gonna just leave this one down okay

Matthias Miller  1:16:05
did you want to try to sync up at all tomorrow or not?

Unknown Speaker  1:16:14
I'm

Speaker 2  1:16:23
not sure. Maybe we could just play it by ear. I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:35
We'll have to see if we run into something. I think.

Matthias Miller  1:16:39
You too. All right.

Speaker 2  1:16:41
I'm gonna be you're gonna be out. Thursday, right?

Matthias Miller  1:16:45
I'd like to. I'm out most of tomorrow. But if you call me sometime between I'll probably up until about three or 330 We can. We can talk about where I'm at and what I can do.

Speaker 2  1:17:02
Yeah. Okay. Well, yeah, we'll go from there. I should have plenty to do with where we're at. So shouldn't be an issue. If you can let me know just if you do run an update like this. Just let me know if you run an update, I guess, to this report, so.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:36
Okay, I will do that.

Matthias Miller  1:17:45
All right. Sounds Sounds good. All right. Yep, you bet.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai