Speaker 1  00:03
Oh, I do. How about that? I was curious. I was going to show them using Leanne's computer. So I still changed her name. I changed you change your name. You're welcome. Well, hey, Victoria, I haven't met you yet. Nice to meet you. Hi, nice to meet you, Dwayne. So you guys should have both received on your way Matthias we need a name for the actual core email that stuff goes out on that's tied into to assist but your true point or your Marissa dot your point and you're Victoria Dutch or other way around, I don't know you should have received an invite to a a folder.

Unknown Speaker  00:43
Got it.

Speaker 1  00:45
And you're gonna have to forgive me for looking sideways because I'm I've got three different screens going on right now because I'm working from home

Speaker 1  00:56
put this now here we go. Okay. Okay, so first thing, this dealer info folder is kind of a place, I'll drop things periodically, if there's kind of stuff that everybody needs to get a hold of copy of the RTL explanations. This is a this is a copy out of our RTO Pro software that we use to manage our to customers. This is actually the what we call a welcome pack letter that goes out to the customer every time they come on board. It's an RTO client. And it explains a little bit about RTO. It explains what red zone is what it's not what damage waiver fee is. So just kind of a quick overview of what RTO is. The other thing that's in the folder here is a quick little calculator to do fast. Like if you have a customer on the phone that says hey, I want to be able to estimate what our RTO payments going to be. And it's if you don't want to have to go through configuring an entire building and doing the RTL whole entire to contract, this is a really fast way to get an idea of what payments are going to be for two year three year four year and five year contracts. Now, this does not take into account someone who wants to put a large down payment on their contract, it only is a straight, regular standard contract in the in the 10 color boxes, put your cash price if you know the sales tax rate for where the county that they're in dropped the sales tax rate and it will give you the monthly payment, the sales tax, the total monthly payment. And if they're putting any security deposit in, you can put that in there as well for a total down payment for that to initiate a contract. So it's a really fast way to just kind of talk numbers it is not. It is by no means as you can see from the the the statement at the very, very top, it is by no means a legal document, you can send this to a customer, if they would like hey, can you send that to me? You can download it send it to a copy of it to the customer. But it's in no way is it a contractual binding agreement of numbers. So as long as a customer understands that when you send something like this to them that they're clear on that you just want to it is something you want to make sure of all of our to all of these financial contracts are very governed by state laws. So there's always these, we always want to make sure we're covering ourselves when we're communicating about this with the customer. Makes sense? Absolutely. Let's see the other thing in here. I think I'd already sent this to Matthias, you'd ask for the custom pulled up. Did I send you a copy of this folder? Matthias I don't think I did, did I

Speaker 1  04:09
all right here copy the file. But now the folder appears. Alright, I've shared the folder too, you had you had you already handed out this custom project information sheet thing. Alright, so here's another copy of it if you need it, and here's a great place to grab it. Now, I will tell you this for the RTO calculator thing you do well to make your own copy of it. Because if you always use it as a folder, that means anybody who has access to this folder can also do the same thing. So the possibility of two people trying to use it the same time fighting over is a possibility. So make just make a copy of it. And so that way, you know you're not fighting over it someday.

Speaker 2  04:49
I may have just done something I was trying to like experiment with it on the cash price. And I put 5000 I didn't know it changed for everybody until now. I didn't realize,

Speaker 1  05:02
yeah, and that's, that's fine. Just make a copy of it everybody, this because it's a shared document, anything that you're doing, everybody else is going to see and make your own copy of it that way you, you know, you're can use without worrying about somebody else changing something on you. So let's let's let's dive into some really well one of the things I want to make sure that you understand when talking about rent to own with customers is, the deeper you dive down in the details, the more you're just going to lose people. And you're actually downgrade your sales process by getting like way down in the weeds. So you do need to make them aware of a few things rent to own is not traditional financing. It is a most states that we work in have very particular legislation on the books that govern how rent to own works, and rent to own from a very strict basis as you are renting this building until you fulfill the terms of the contract. And the way you fulfill the terms of the contract are two ways. One, you pay the entire length of it. So in the case, let's use a three year term. For example, if the customer makes all three years worth a term, all 36 months of that contract, they own the building. Or you can do what's called an early payoff. And an early payoff is stated on the we send them at the beginning of the at the beginning of their contract, they get this whole welcome pack with with this letter that is in there, and it walks them through, they get actually what we call a coupon sheet, where every time they make a payment, they tear one off, they'd put that in an envelope and send it in or if they paid online. Either way, you online, you can actually see if they go on to our website, the Cricut Valley Rhenish ed.com, they can actually see what their early payoff is at any point in their contract. If they do not set up themselves as an on line, contract or an online where the for our online. English, English is hard this morning. If they don't set themselves up for an online account, then they would just make a call into our office. And we can tell them what their early cash payoff is anytime. That way, the early cash payoff is total amount of the contract, which is monthly payment times the length of the contract minus any amounts paid. And then you see the discount, that's a part of the calculator there. That is the last step in calculating their early payoff. So total contract minus payments made minus the discount, that's how early payoff is calculated. And so that those are the two ways a customer can actually gain ownership of the building. upsides to rent to own is, there's no credit check, it's easy to sign up. As long as you make the payment per month, and you fulfill the terms of the contract, the building becomes yours. The UPS the secondary upside is that if you don't no longer want the building, you're making your payments, you decide, hey, I don't want this building more a simple call to the rent to own company. And we will come pick up the building because it is a rental until the term has been fulfilled the contract. Questions so far?

Speaker 3  08:47
The way in just because I'm trying to understand this thoroughly, can you go back over the early payment? And I'm not sure if I'm understanding the discount portion of it is what they paid. Sure, kind of variable per the contract term. I see a percentage here on this calculator and I want to make sure I understand that.

Speaker 1  09:10
Okay, so let's, let's take it this way. At the time of sale, you have a cash price of that building, let's say $5,000, right. Let's or let's see here. Let's do this. If you guys are looking at this calculator, I'm going to make actually I'm gonna make a copy of this in the make a copy of this and let's walk through some some different let's visualize these numbers. Alright, we'll use let me make this one. Make a copy all right, there should be three of these in here. Now is that right? Everybody's seeing three of them. Alright, we'll call this one for demo only EPS Z that's good right Okay, so let's call this total contract so let's take her monthly payment let's we're going to talk about these numbers in the vein of including sales tax because in the technicalities of the contract we don't actually calculate these numbers including sales tax but for the purpose of this conversation we're going to

Speaker 1  11:14
Okay, so now we have a total contract amount all listed out here at the end and let's add another line oops, not payments mad this is payments made not payments.

Unknown Speaker  11:39
Okay, let's see here

Unknown Speaker  11:51
all right, two more columns. Everybody can see my column so far.

Unknown Speaker  11:55
Yep. Yes.

Speaker 1  12:03
All right. So we're gonna say this box here, we can throw numbers in to see how much they paid so far. And let's do this, which is this minus this I want the other way around All right, now you can start throwing numbers in there. And we'll walk through this calculation there whenever, let's see last one is point five.

Unknown Speaker  13:13
Oops, that's not what I want to point by age.

Speaker 1  13:31
Okay, so if you let, let's take, let's use the three year term 36. The three year contract, if you click on the 8775, the last box in the EPO, you'll see n 19 minus o 19. So total contract minus payments made times a percentage which is the other side of your 40%. So times 60%. And that would give you early cash payoff. So let's say for example, this customer pays $3,000 And you can see what their what their early cash payoff would be. So it makes sense. I think so. You don't sound convinced.

Speaker 3  14:29
I'm just reading it as trying to make sure I got the math stick in my head so I can explain it to someone clearly.

Speaker 1  14:36
So let's say because this is including sales tax, so if you come to sell in 19, you'll see H 19. Which is their payment including sales tax total monthly payment times the length of the contract and months so times 36 which makes the 8775. If they make $3,000 in payments, then it's The n 19 have a total contract minus the amount that they paid times 60%. So essentially what we're doing, we have cash price, and you have the rental fees that are in the contract. So at the at the time of payoff, we remove any remaining rental fees that are left on the total contract amount, and you're only paying off what's left to the cash price of the building. Does that make sense?

Unknown Speaker  15:36
I don't know if it is to the point where I can explain it.

Speaker 1  15:40
Well, okay, so one more time. Let me do let's let me try this one more way. Let's see here. And I don't have enough.

Speaker 3  15:53
Here's where I'm stuck doing when they pay a cash monthly amount, but there's a percentage that they do not get to reclaim. So they pay a monthly fee of $243.75. And then if they pay that for a year, the percentage of that is basically lost, it's not counted towards what they have paid on their building. Can you clarify that? It's fees or it's

Unknown Speaker  16:23
so in traditional in traditional financing, we would understand this as an interest rate. Exactly.

Speaker 1  16:32
Now, this is not an interest rate because of the way that rent because of the way that rent to own is governed by by state laws, interest rate, you start out and your interest is always calculated based on a year divided by 12 months. So every every time that you come in a different month, it's recalculating that interest rate, so that interest rate starts high, it ends low. In rent own, it is exactly the same, every single payment that there's no, there's no shifting process that takes place. So in, it's what we rent, don't call a rental fee, it's the it's the dollar value you pay for having a building sitting on your property, if you will, you're buying it, in theory, you're buying it and rent it and you're paying a fee. At the same time, in order to break this out across whatever time period, you're requesting it for two year, three year, four year or five year, or in the way that's a whole lot easier to explain is that you are renting, you're strictly renting this building until you fulfill the terms of the contract, if this is why, like I'm going into in depth and explaining this math out to you, if you get deeply caught up in the in how the math actually works on this, you're gonna have your customers gonna have the exact same reaction that you're having right now. It is like, nobody wants to be a math nerd to completely understand this stuff. So it is

Speaker 3  18:02
it's the only reason I asked it is they've they've already asked this question. In just a couple of preliminary phone calls, they have said, How do I pay off my building early. And what they were trying to decide is if it benefited them to put down cash upfront on the building, or if it benefited them to hold that cash for like their final payment. And so we discussed that, because they're losing a chunk of that early security deposit or large deposit when they know that they're planning on paying it off early. So I just wanted to make sure that I understand it to explain what's the most beneficial to them long term.

Speaker 1  18:43
So at the at the beginning of a contract, there's two, there's really two questions a customer wants to know, how do I get either? How do I pay it off early? That's the first question. Second question is, how do I get a lower payment, those two are really two separate conversations. If you want a lower payment per month, paying money upfront actually buys you a lower payment. If you want to save money, then you do a regular payment and hold whatever extra amounts that you have to the moment that you can make the early cash payoff because you're you're saving the amount of the of the rental fees that are involved. Now the reason I say that because those are they are slightly two different conversations in the math because you actually save a somewhat not it's not a huge amount that you actually save by doing a regular payment and then paying off early. But you do save a somewhat a smidge of amount both ways save you a lot of money because whenever you take a large amount down, the first payment comes out. Let's say for example customer says I want to pay $2,000 down the math we calculate out their first monthly payment because in order to start a rent to own contract, you have to pay one payment down So we take one payment out, and the rest of that is held until the pay off. So it's the same process, as if a customer held, held it in their bank account, we hold it for them, it sits there until they are ready to pay off, and then it's applied directly to the cash price the building, there's no rental fees that are calculated in both both ways save you money. I'd have to really go math this thing out down to the to the fine tooth comb to actually figure out which way saves you more. I don't know. In theory, I don't know that either ways is that much different.

Speaker 1  20:44
I don't know, Matthias, and I can math nerd this thing out someday, and figure out which way actually saves you more money, I don't, I don't know that either way is going to save you any difference amount, I think they would actually both come out approximately the same, it would require that you pay off at the exact same point. And we're gonna have an apples to apples conversation about that. But both ways do actually, like the two ways to save money in an RTO contract is paying off early. And the second way is either with that way down the beginning

Speaker 3  21:25
I appreciate the template here to be able to run those numbers, it'll be very helpful, I was trying to use the portal and just kind of refreshing it and looking at different contract amounts for their monthly payment. This is really, really nice to be able to me good.

Speaker 1  21:38
I used to have a calculator that showed like, depending on the length of the contract, it showed everything broken out. In these, anytime you get into deep breakouts like this, you run the risk of your customer glazing over and you actually degrade the your sale opportunity. It's not that it's not that I ever want you to put yourself in a situation where you're trying to cover up information for the customer. But getting deep down into the math it is it's counterintuitive for the actual sale, the main things is from a customer standpoint, over the years are doing Artio they really want to know one thing and that is can I make that monthly payment if you can make the monthly payment and you understand the customer understands that rent to own or any type of financing is going to be more expensive than just buying it upfront. Then most customers are okay with a high level understanding of what the contract is. Make sense?

Unknown Speaker  22:50
Yes, absolutely.

Speaker 1  22:53
So let's let's do this. Let me go grab a customer's contract and then well I want to talk through

Unknown Speaker  23:10
give me one minute here Alright, I'm going to drop an actual customers contract in here okay, you should see a new PDF document. So and 2206773. All right, you guys got that open? Yeah.

Speaker 1  24:19
So really what you want to make sure that a lot of times what's going to happen is because you guys are working remotely, you're going to drop this into some type of DocuSign, PDF sign some some way of signing this document. And you're going to push this out to the customer and you're relying on the customer to actually read and understand it would be it would be valuable in the interest of helping your customer understand is to make sure that you draw their attention to a couple highlighted or a couple areas that you really want to make sure that they understand and that are highlighted for them. First thing is Making sure they understand that one be the cash price of the property. So that they understand that is the same price that we're calculating on, based on what they're actually buying. Second thing is the initial payment, I'm sorry, did I say one beat to be I'm sorry to be cash price of the property to F, the initial payment, that total amount there is, there's going to be a number of things that get involved here, everything from damage waiver fee, which we'll get into that in just a minute, security deposit sales tax and Cost Reduction Agreement. The Cost Reduction Agreement is the amount that they pay upfront, if they're doing that type of contract, to get a lower monthly payment. Making sure the customer understands what their initial payment is, what two g is, which is their rental payment per month. And the fact that this is a rent so this is a month to month contract. If you go look at line two e consumer rate may renew this agreement for consecutive terms of one month by making rental payments. So a rental contract is a month to month contract. If the customer makes their payment every month, they are renewing the contract. So as long as they're they're making their payment that contract is renewed every single month until the term has been fulfilled by not paying their payment they are defaulting on that contract or the contract is becoming null and void. Make sense? Yeah, yes. If if if I'm going way too fast say so because there's a you're getting into the nitty gritties on on RTL contracts. Here good. That's good. Let's do so sorry somebody have a question so we covered cash price, we covered the initial payment in line in line f their monthly their rental payment per month in line G

Unknown Speaker  27:21
Hold on a second

Unknown Speaker  27:28
what in the world something is goofy? Pardon me for one second.

Speaker 2  27:41
This is a North Carolina contract contracts and see them this is mine. What is going

Speaker 1  28:06
Oh, gotcha. Gotcha, gotcha. Gotcha. Okay. Um, you're looking at in North. Sorry, I had to I had to line I confused me for a quick second. So this because you're going to predominantly be doing contracts in Virginia and North Carolina. Those two states have very different contracts. The contract that I have up here is a North Carolina contract that I dropped in there in line i is what makes this a North Carolina legal legal lease contract. And the reason I this is very, very important is that North Carolina does not have a rent to own statute on their legislative books. And so in North Carolina, we fall into this rather odd place of being like semi lease type of contract versus some type of credit sale and so in order to stay on the lease side line is what we call a balloon payment in order for it to qualify as a lease sale. And what that means is that there is an amount at the end of every contract in North Carolina, that is equal to I think we have it to three payments, I believe it is three or four payments of that has to be paid at the very, very end. So if a customer asked you about line i It's what's called a balloon payment. Virginia does not have this Virginia Virginia contract is different in that Virginia does have a rent to own statute and does not require a balloon payment order to be a lease contract. Early purchase option anytime This is a this was a 60 month contract based on does this state this somewhere, yeah 57 months and you'll at the very, very top does the rental agreement with purchase option option 57 months. The reason it doesn't say 60 months is because the of the last three months are a balloon payment. Inside of our inside of our assist software, you would actually be specifying this as a 60 month contract. Early purchase option line j goes is what's referenced in the math that we just talked about in on that spreadsheet. And really, at this point, if you go much further in the explanation of your contract, except for line Q, the loss Damage Waiver fee, those are the those are the really critical things to make sure the customer understands cash price, initial payment, monthly payment, and anything of surrounding early purchase option. In North Carolina, you have the extra balloon payment for it to be an early purchase option and the way and just to be clear, North Carolina law says the last final payment of a rent to own contract needs to be 11% of the original contract price, which means that if they pay off early anywhere before the end of the contract, it's always higher than 11% of the final price. So hence the reason that it's only if a customer goes up the very very end of their contract that they are required to have that balloon payment. But again, key things for customer to know cash price, initial payment, rental payment, rental monthly payment, How do you and what's the early payoff amount, the total amount of the contract as well is specified where is the total amount on this one.

Speaker 1  32:04
North Can I may not require us to do it to short a total amount of contract. Other states will there'll be like a total cost of lease section where it'll it'll show the total amount of that contract which is monthly payment times the length. Let's talk about any questions so far on the key things you want to make sure a customer understands. And that is cash price, initial payment, rental payment and how to pay off early. Any questions on that

Speaker 3  32:37
delivery. Just to clarify delivery is not included in this contract with whoever they're paying at the time that that building lands on their lot separate from the cost of the building.

Speaker 1  32:48
Yeah, so if there is delivery charges involved, they would need to be paid outside of the RTO contract

Speaker 1  33:03
any other excuse me any other questions on the key things you want to make sure the customer understands. Let's talk about Damage Waiver fee for a minute. And that's line Q the what's called an optional Damage Waiver fee. And very key every state requires you to say this is optional, you cannot require it you cannot demand it. You can you can strongly suggest it. But you cannot actually require and damage waiver fee is simply that if the building is destroyed or damaged by acts of God, they are not responsible for the remaining value of that building. It does not replace the building. It does not get you a new building. It's not insurance. It doesn't you know cover getting a brand new building, it only absolves you from the remaining value of that contract or of that building. It is and it's only covered by what's considered acts of God flood fire damage tree falls on it. If you back into it, you would still be liable for the building.

Speaker 1  34:26
For cricket Valley rent to shed that amount that is tacked on is $4.50 per month. And in my opinion, I would I would strongly suggest to customers to to utilize that. But again, it is not required. A lot of a lot of people like to check whether it would be applicable to put onto their rent their homeowners insurance. Some homeowners insurance will cover outbuilding some will not it is something that customer can check in with their homeowners insurance on but For $4.50, you could be absolved from ever having to worry about something happening to your building for continuing to pay the payments on it. Now, let's see,

Unknown Speaker  35:19
let's see very helpful.

Speaker 1  35:21
So let's, let's get into the sales side, like this was all the nitty gritties of RTO. And, again, I can't stress this enough, if you get way down into the nitty gritty with a customer, you're going to lose them. And this is not, it's not that you want like, it's not that I want you to try to to sue confuse a customer or to pull something over them as far as what they're getting into. Just understand that any type of finance contract that you get into the actual legalities of them get very, very, I mean, it gets so deep and nobody really the amount of customers over the years that I've had that say, I've never read my contract, it's it's extremely high percentage, you want to represent the contract enough information to the customer to help them make a decision. But if you get caught way down in the weeds, you're going to lose your customer. It's just too much information. And that's, that goes for even on the traditional financing side, like helping the customer understand all of those debts as well. It's just it gets so deep. So let's talk about how to sell finance tools, if you will, any customer that comes to you that wants to talk about finance, many times they will ask the question upfront, do you offer financing options, and I like to communicate to the customer in this way? Yes, we offer many different options for financing, some of them require credit checks, some of them do not. Traditional financing, as you know requires a credit check requires that you have at some threshold of a credit score in a RTO contract. It does not as long as you make the payment per month, and you can afford that payment, you can have an rent to own contract. So making sure the customer understands those two, the two key points upfront are credit check versus non credit check. There are many customers that come to that will come to you that they probably do not have a credit score that will allow them to qualify for financing. Making sure that you you how you treat that customer that tone of voice that you use how you walk a customer through those options. We want to respect their dignity. There are many people who don't want to talk about the fact that they don't have a credit score, or they may have bad credit history, they may not want to talk about that. Being sensitive to how they communicate about those things, really needs to is the kind of product that you want to offer to them. Making sure that they know the options, make sure they know the what's involved with them. But be very sensitive. When we talk about financing because some people have great credit, some people don't and the people who don't many times don't want to talk about it. Hence the reason we have tools to be able to sell to them. For them to be able to get a building rent to own contracts, the least expensive rent to own contract is by far the shortest one, from an overall standpoint is the least expensive it is by far the highest monthly payment that you will that a customer will have. And as you can see, if you have your calculator open 24 months by far has the highest payment 60 months by far has the lowest payment. But if you go back to my my demo calculator on a $5,000 building, you can see the vast difference in the amount that you're spending over the life of that term. From a 20 from a two year to a five year contract, it's pretty substantial. The the difference. So just because the customer says hey, I want the cheapest monthly payment is not always the best situation for them because they are going to be spending the most overall across the length of that contract. And as you can see from the payment per month, it's only $100 difference from a two year to a five year.

Unknown Speaker  39:37
Is that something we want to make them aware of?

Speaker 1  39:40
Yeah, so a lot of times a customer is gonna come to you and they're gonna say, Well, you know, oh, man, I can, you know, I don't know if I can afford 243 or $313 per month. I mean $208 is a way better situation. But when you really look at that, a three year contract versus a five year contract is only about what $60 difference no sorry, 40 No $37 difference, it's not much. It's not, it's not a substantial enough difference in my mind, when you start to look at the the overall amount of that total contract because the timeline that they're actually going, a lower monthly payment does not always help your customer helping them to understand that, hey, stretch a little bit further and pay a little bit extra per month. And it's the substantial savings over the life of that firm.

Speaker 1  40:43
But again, there are customers that will come to you that the only amount that they can afford is the amount that they can afford. And as long as you help them understand that which ones we want to get the customer in the best option that fits them. Don't automatically go directly to the five year contract, because of the I mean, even looking at the difference between a four year and a five year contract on a four year building on a $5,000. Building, the four year versus five year is what a total $10 difference. But look at the difference in in the total price like it's over $2,000 difference, by the time you get to the end, pushing the customer to to spend a little bit more per month saves them a drastic amount of money. Questions on that? Make sense? Again, I can't I can't stress this enough, when, when reading your customer, when they start talking about financing is being able to determine upfront where you think that customer potentially may go based on how they're talking about financing. If you have a customer come to you and says hey, I'm on fixed income, I can only afford X amount of dollars. And they seem very hesitant about the idea of actually doing any amount of credit check, you know you have an RTO customer. But if they're very interested in doing a credit check and seeing what kind of options come back to them, then always choose to try to find them a traditional financing option up you know, first, it's good. Right now in the in the realm of financing. There are a lot of really good traditional financing options that have come onto the market, which are really kind of displacing the rent to own industry. It is what it is, there's nothing I can do to change that. So making sure that we're finding the right thing for our customer. Now, that being said, I have multimillion dollar clients on our rent to own side who could write the check and probably buy out the RTO company if they wanted to. The reason they go Are they the reason they did that is it's easy. I don't have to think about I don't have to touch my credit. I don't have to go talk to my bank, I can just sign on the dotted line pay per month and I'm done. So don't ever assume that rent to own is just for say a lower end customer. I have got customers on the books that I'm like, Why in the world? Are you doing an RTO contract? They got multimillion dollar house and they wrote an RTO contract because it's easy sign on the dotted line and you're done. pay the monthly payment. And it's for example, we have commercial customers who they want a building to set their for at their place of business. And it's you know, they may use it for long term or they may not it's it's easy sign on the dotted line you're done. You don't have to go through the steps of checking credit and actually having that show up on your credit history and pulling soft credit. So don't ever assume that just because a customer may be buying a high end building that they may not end up on an RTO contract, read your customer.

Speaker 3  44:08
Question kind of company purchase or rent to own contract or a nonprofit or does it have absolutely no.

Speaker 1  44:16
Okay. I don't care who you are, as long as you make the monthly payment you can be I don't care who I was trying to think of somebody that everybody would kind of blink at but it does not matter as long as you it as long as you sign and you pay the amounts per month. I don't care who you are, you can be the worst criminal in the world you may have the worst credit you it does not matter to the rent to own company because we don't check because we don't check credit and and here's the other side of adult check credit. We also don't report credit. And this is a huge thing for a lot of our clients over the history. They hit a hard time in the We're out of traditional financing, especially for the storage barn industry, it's what's called unsecured credit. So unsecured credit does not hold any kind of collateral for that actual loan. So they do not hold the building as something they will actually retrieve or repossess, in the event that customer defaults, they're going to, they're going to destroy your credit, they're going to hound you for the next how many years they're going to drive you crazy, rent to own ain't going to happen, as long as we can pick up the building, and we can bring it back to the lot. We close your account. Never hear from us again. And guess what? We don't touch your credit for doing so. I've overloaded your brains yet.

Unknown Speaker  45:51
Nope. No good way to go and talk to some people. Very good. Very, very good brain. Thank you.

Speaker 1  46:03
So I'm going to repeat this one last time just because I have the microphone and I'm gonna repeat it I cannot stress this enough. Read your customer, what your what you sell. Okay, let me actually back up and say this, in, in the world of dealers selling finance contracts, there is there is this feeling that has developed amongst dealers about RTL, RTL is expensive. It's you know, it's not the best way to buy a building because of how expensive it is. And to a degree they are correct, it is the more expensive product, it is the most flexible product. So how you how you portray these items to your customer, you are the one leading them through the process of buying what you're excited about. And what you actually feel good about is actually what you will end up selling, there are dealers out there that their sales 60% of their sales end up in a rent to own contract. And that is because they're doing a great job of selling it. They're portraying the good sides, the bad sides, they're being open and honest about those things. But it's like, what the salesperson is excited about is what they're going to sell. So making sure that you know, you understand these products to the point where you can reach your customer and get them into the product that fits them well. But also being ready and willing to pivot at any point and very quickly go and say, Oh, my customer, you know, I might have thought they were ending up this direction. But okay, based on some things, they're saying, Now pivot and be able to go a completely different direction from either from traditional finance to RTO or from RTO over to traditional financing. You need to be well versed in these products so that you can sell them well. Hey, Dwayne.

Unknown Speaker  47:57
Yes, Mike.

Speaker 4  47:59
Hey, appreciate you're going through all these details really, really good stuff. Can you take a moment and just go over it maybe you've maybe you've done that prior to this call but just confirm that they're all crystal clear on the process when they're doing the zero down thing to making sure that that's all done you know, the process that you have put in place for that seems like with the online thing where it's like not a face to face thing, there's probably going to be a good way to make them comfortable and make the sale the customer side but wanted to make sure that the process is all flowing in the proper way. So there's no confusion there. Can you just touch on that for one moment?

Speaker 1  48:51
Sure. Give me one second. I'm actually going to log in with my other computer because we're going to share screens on this stuff so we can walk through this book because you guys I'm assuming we're not not assuming you guys have access that some of our other dealers do not and I just want to walk you through some of this stuff

Unknown Speaker  49:08
okay let's hear all right let's see All right, got too many microphones working at the same time. All right this one, bingo.

Speaker 1  50:28
Okay. Okay, so honestly, your dollars down, rent to own contract, we are coming out in the very near future to handle this a bit better from the sales side right now when you do a rent to own contract for $0 down, there's no way from the dealer portal side to actually handle that correctly. So I need you to handle some of this from your from the assist side, from the back end software side to make sure this works out correctly for you. From a let's actually do this. It's good to so here we have a building that I did as a quote, we're going to actually turn this into a real sale. So we'll make it show up for Mike on his VPR tomorrow. So we're going to do this as an RTO contract. This is Mr. Dwayne test, he's going to do standard delivery, we're going to create this sales order, we're going to do an RTO contract for him. standard contract, let's do 36 months, this is a $7,000 building, we're going to say this customer does not want to do a security deposit. I don't want to do a security deposit haha. So cash due today would be $502.11. Now because I don't actually have a way currently for you to do this where it does $0 For today, here's the step by step process, you're going to continue through, you're going to download the RTL contract like normal, you would shoot it off to your customer when you get that back. Let's actually grab this delightful contract right here that we used before. And if you haven't, if you haven't ever have either you, Marisa or Victoria, Have you have you done you haven't gone through yet next to done a customer through to defend and have an RTO contract. Is that right? Great. So Matthias, have you talked? Are you still on Matthias? Are you on a phone call? He might have ran away? Has he talked at all about what is the like if you do an RTO contract? The step in between where you're sending it out to the customer. And you get that back? Have you guys talked through this at all on what your process is on that?

Speaker 3  53:06
We talked about Docusign. We talked about creating it out here and then sending it to the client for signature about as far as it's gone so far.

Speaker 1  53:15
But as far as finalizing the sale, you haven't really talk through that, do you finalize or not finalize. Okay, so I'm going to pretend Matthias and I will kind of talk through this and how we want to do this but so if you were sitting if you were sitting at a brick and mortar store, this becomes a really easy conversation because the customer is sitting right there in front of you. So they would print out the contract the customer would sign it they would scan it back in and upload it and then continue on to finishing the contract. So here is where because the amount that is tied to this RTL contract is locked in we can't actually do a $0 contract. You do it as a cash payment. So this contract that we did you do it 502 11 Fine put it in his cash price. You do a zero where's my zero $0 down RTO contract All right, you'll continue with that customer you'll finish them out confirm that purchase

Unknown Speaker  54:30
fine.

Speaker 1  54:32
Unable to complete purchase the field or macro is invalid it's that interesting.

Unknown Speaker  54:49
Okay, I'm gonna ignore that for a minute. actually did turn it into a sale. Interesting. Not sure why I didn't like me. Alright, here's our here's our contract, our test contract, Dwayne test, it actually turned it into a sale. That document.

Speaker 1  55:23
If you open up your sales order, when you go to Document archive here is that RTO contract. Now, in your case, probably, Matthias and I are gonna need to talk through this on how you would handle this. But probably, we're going to do a some type of dummy document that you'll drop in there. And then you'll upload the document, once you get it back from the customer. Whether you finalize the sale or leave it as a quote, he and I will talk through that and get back to you on how we want to handle that. But it's in some way, either leaving it as a quote, sending that contract out to the customer, once you get it back and then finalizing the sale. Or if you finalize the sale, and then you upload the document afterwards, we'll get back to you on that. But what you need to do from the sales order standpoint, once that has, if you do a $0 down, which is $0 down contract is at the point of sale, the customer does not pay any dollar value. So they pay zero until the point of delivery. So that truck comes out on the day of delivery on a $0 RTO contract, that is the point that we collect the down payment. So point of sale, they pay nothing until the building is sitting there at their location, the driver actually communicates with our RTO office and says, hey, it's all good to go, we actually send them a payment link out by either text message or email that they can make their final payment or the driver can take that final payment as part of the delivery process. Once that payment has been taken, now the contract has been ratified and is ready to go forward. But you're taking that information at the point of sale, the only thing you need to do post sale, once the RTO contract has been uploaded, if you come down here into the payment section of your sale, and you see where I put in $0 down written contract sale, you're going to remove this payment because at the point of sale, the customer paid nothing hence the reason we did as a cash payment. So hit the negative button like yes, click Save. And now there's no payment sitting here, the secondary, the secondary piece is you reach out I need to find out who you would reach out to Leanne and say, Hey, there's a $0 down contract, such as such a name. And then we actually make a note of that on our side so that we can continue to follow up. But that does show up on our reports on the backside showing an RTO contract and that there's no payment for it. So we know it is a $0 down contract in the future. And in the very near future, in the next couple of months, you're gonna be able to handle that entire process from the dealer portal. We're not we don't currently have that laid out yet. But the steps are finished out the contract as the initial payment of whatever the dollar value is, as a cash payment in the notes, make it a $0 down payment. Once you come back in, find that sale, find that sales order and remove that $0 or that that initial payment. Make sense? Yep. And that gets confusing. Don't Don't be afraid to reach out to Leanne or myself. And we can kind of walk you through that a couple times. But you have access to actually remove that payment on the backside. brick and mortar dealers do not they have to reach out to us and we actually remove it on the backside. You are capable of doing that on your side. This last piece actually I do want you to do this. Let me just double check something really quick

Speaker 1  59:12
I might want you to make well let's just do this. A secondary piece that I want you to do, besides removing the payment is down here in the notes section. If you hit Ctrl D, it'll put your name in and the date. Anytime you're using a note section that has what we call a rich Notes section which has these things here at the top. If you do Ctrl D, it will put your name and date in so that we know who actually put that in, and then you would say zero first then you click save and now that's been updated to the record. Make sense? Yes, sir. So because we don't actually want to do this.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:05
Let's see, let's go in here, come on.

Speaker 1  1:00:10
Let's go ahead and cancel this, cancel the sales orders, save, go back here, cancel the building. Because we don't actually want to build this building. So in the event and just just so that you understand this is how that's done as well, in the event that you want to actually cancel a, a sale that you made, you have to cancel both the sales order and the building record. Both of those need to be cancelled. Make sense?

Unknown Speaker  1:00:46
Yes, yes, sir.

Speaker 1  1:00:54
Mike, is there anything else you wanted to add to that? Are you still on Mike? Nope, I think he dropped off.

Speaker 4  1:01:02
No, I'm here. Okay, so good. Appreciate that, Dwayne, that's great. Go through that process and understand, there's probably going to be some changes coming up to that little process, streamline a little, a little bit in the future. And, obviously, I'm sure you'll update us when that's ready to roll. But for now, that process is you know, which should be followed. And the thought pattern behind that is, one is a service that not everybody in the industry offers give you an edge to allowing you to connect to people and, and allowing you to sell them something that they are able to do, they're even at the point of delivery, making them comfortable. Maybe a little bit with what you experienced, Marisa with Tim Dell under, like, you know, not having physically seen anybody yet and, and sharing pictures make somebody you know, in today's world, sometimes there's, there's a lot of fraud going on and stuff. And if they can be assured that we're going to pay and I'll actually pay it upon delivery, making them comfortable to step out on the limb, make that sale, you know, even time maybe esign without physically being there making commitments, getting them pushing them over the edge that this is actually safe, or whatever. So I think it could be a really good can be a good feature to make people comfortable in in doing that. So no, I think that's that's great, Dwayne, I think you explained it. Well. Appreciate that. Immensely. So guess as long as there's no questions? Or is it in

Unknown Speaker  1:02:48
Okay, everybody, thank you for the training doing. I think that's

Speaker 1  1:02:54
one of the things that you and I just need to talk through at some point is on what's gonna be the best process? Do you think for the interim, between time the contract goes out to a customer till they get it back? Do you want them to leave it as a quote? Or do you want them to go ahead and finalize the sale? And it really talks? It really speaks to and I guess, Mike, if you're you still you're still on? It? One of the things that I think that maybe from you and I standpoint as well is do we do we have an opinion about when that customer finds their place in line?

Speaker 4  1:03:31
Is your place in line as in so when you hit the button of you know, complete the sale, then that gives the delivery window? Right locking that in? That's a question.

Speaker 1  1:03:41
Yeah. So if if they go to the point of, quote, send out the RTO contract to the customer, there may be a day two days three days time gap between the time they get that contract back to where they can actually get the customer gets their place in line. There's benefits to using them as a quote because there's no confusion as to whether it's a sale or not, if that customer does not actually sign the document, but they do get a there's a time gap then to when you know they may not get as soon of a window potentially as say if they did the sale immediately.

Speaker 4  1:04:25
But if we use that little point as a call to action, and take it to the point of quote and until the customer send you this RTO contract out to you and as when you get it the sooner you get it back the quicker we can lock you down to get your quickest delivery and may be called using it as a call to action but also a legit like we actually not prematurely like dig into an actual sale and and at some point having to you know, take them back out might be more confusing. Seems like trying that one. And seeing if that works would maybe be, you know, a good step. And if determine that to do something differently than that the other way, we could always try it. But that's typically what we've been doing with mortar dealers, and it's worked pretty well, it seems like easy as a call to action.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:33
It was awesome. And I think just coming.

Speaker 1  1:05:40
Yeah, Mike, I think that's great. I think using that as kind of a call to action to kind of push the customer to more aggressively get that document back, I think is a great idea.

Speaker 4  1:05:48
Off good agree. Well, let's go down that pathway to the quote, send it out. And soon as that information is returned, and you actually do have all the information needed, then at that point. Good. Any other questions?

Speaker 2  1:06:20
Yes, a new financing option, correct. I'm trying to find that message that was sent out with the new financing option. That's, that's in the, it's in the wiki, you can find that, okay. It's under customer questions, financing options, there's a link to that. Okay, perfect.

Speaker 1  1:06:48
And that is a that is a link that you can send out to the customer, they can apply for their own. That's what's called direct to consumer financing. Currently, we are working on a merchant account to with this particular company, so that we can actually do direct to merchant where the two different the two different ways in those financing is that direct to consumer means that when they are approved, that money goes directly to the customer's bank account, which has a limitation in that the customer may decide to use that $10,000 to go out and buy themselves a new boat, instead of buying the building. The other the merchant account is actually where when that sale is finalized, the vendor the financing vendor actually pays pays us directly for that building. So we are working on the merchant account to for that as well. And once that is up and running, you'll have access to that. But currently, the link that you have access to is direct to consumer financing, which I mean, there's there's upsides to both on this, the ease of access for getting financing for the customer, is definitely on the consumer side directly to them. But we're working on both sides. So you'll have essentially three different options, you'll have the RTO option, the direct to consumer, that and the direct to merchant. So and we'll have more training on that as as that comes live.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:18
Awesome, thank you.

Speaker 1  1:08:27
And I believe if I'm, I think if I'm not mistaken, LeAnn did a bunch of the training on on this. But I think when they request if you send that link to the customer, when they fill out that application, they actually get the list of financing options, you don't actually get to see their list of financing options. There is a portal side that I think once we have the merchant account where we can actually fill in that information for them. And then we can see the financing options that are proposed to them. But at this point, it's direct to consumer they see their options, they actually finalize that process and then they would come back to you and buy the building with the money that they got from the financing that they applied for.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:13
Okay, that makes sense. Good, I think we're good. Thanks so much, guys. Appreciate it.

Speaker 1  1:09:47
And by the way, guys, don't ever hesitate to ask Leanne, myself Addison. Anybody that you can get your hands on on Discord to say hey, I don't understand As part about something hammer away that there's so many people now involved in the process that if you don't get an answer within minutes, something failed. Okay, you probably won't get an answer within minutes from me. But there are other people that can very quickly answer those questions.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:22
Awesome. Well, thank you thanks.

Speaker 1  1:10:33
Well, I have if you're done with me fine if you wanted to, if they wanted to pepper me with other things, I'm I don't actually have anything till about noon time. So, but that's up to you.

Speaker 2  1:10:47
Do you guys have have other questions we're doing here? Not at the moment. I'm sure some will come up in the process

Unknown Speaker  1:11:00
Hmm, good to know. Good. Thanks, guys. Thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai