Matthias Miller  00:54
Good morning. Good morning. How are you this morning?

Speaker 1  00:59
I am better. Did everything it took over the weekend to get my voice back. I think we're like 95% There probably 90% But we're almost there. At least I can talk today good

Unknown Speaker  01:16
yes

Speaker 1  01:28
quick question on a shed does it have to have garage doors for its have a ramp because I don't think I saw that option in the configurator. A lady talked to her this morning. She wanted an eight by 12 Shed but it was strictly just for her lawn mower. Blades but I know you can't have a you know a garage door on that size shed. I was wondering if there could be a ramp on there without the overhead door?

Matthias Miller  02:03
I'm not sure if that's possible to visualize or not. I would have thought it would be

Unknown Speaker  02:12
I didn't see that level

Matthias Miller  02:14
look. Did you check the option on on the door? Let me see

Matthias Miller  03:13
if you select the door,

Unknown Speaker  03:15
gotcha. Okay, select the door there we go. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  03:18
sorry. Okay thank you.

Speaker 1  03:29
You're welcome. Is there an easier way to see like the price breakdown? So say they want. So they want to see the auction for Lux car flooring. But they want me to go ahead and just put the five by eight on the quote. Is there an easier way to like, select, like scarred and see what the price of gray will be?

Matthias Miller  04:02
So you click the Click the total the total price, it'll give you a breakdown. That's without actually generating the whole quote. Is that what you mean? Or?

Speaker 1  04:13
Well, it doesn't specifically let me go back to it one second.

Unknown Speaker  04:18
I think I made it thank you for your patience

Speaker 1  04:25
okay. I was doing it a different way where it didn't show the specific price for each thing until the end like until you saved it. I got it makes sense. combiner Marisa,

Unknown Speaker  04:42
good morning. How are you? Tillery

Unknown Speaker  04:44
I'm almost there. At least I can talk crazy. It's awesome. I'm glad you're feeling better. Are Thank you my kiddos have been sick for pick up the general cold so that cough is hanging on.

Speaker 1  05:11
Yeah saying I have several cough attacks throughout the night and it's like it's like a two minute spurt to it's not just like a couple of cops. That's crazy

Speaker 2  05:37
like that sighs I like the this morning, just anecdotally, I noticed that I hit the clock in button. But there were projects already in the opportunities bucket from the weekend. So whenever it activated, there may have been some that slipped in before. I haven't seen any new activities since selecting clock in. I don't know, I just want to keep you posted for the other filtering was going on? We're seeing an eye on that

Matthias Miller  06:10
sounds good? Yeah, they should. Yeah, the headers

Unknown Speaker  06:12
are great.

Matthias Miller  06:16
There were a number of changes that we were not able to get in because of some platform issues over the weekend. And so, okay. Unfortunately, some of the some of the enhancements are going to be delayed but

Speaker 2  06:36
don't worry. So procedurally, as far as that goes will clock in in the morning is a step away with clock out so that the lead doesn't get cold, right. And then at the end of the day clock for anything, just kind of hang on till the morning or how do you want that to?

Matthias Miller  06:57
Yeah, I mean, what happens what happens when when both of you are clocked out? Just the lead still are flowing into you, they just get assigned? They just alternate.

Unknown Speaker  07:09
Oh, gotcha. Gotcha.

Matthias Miller  07:18
And I I need to figure out how to get these email notifications going. Okay, good.

Speaker 2  07:34
did put in some time for kind of organized and metrics for kind of like the Week in Review? I guess. They are. Green here may I be able to share my screen?

Unknown Speaker  08:08
Oh, sorry.

Speaker 2  08:14
Okay. Okay. Sharing Google Sheets. So far, this is small on sharing. Essentially, I copied the data from the opportunity screen I was working on during the morning on Friday. So this kind of is like frozen in time from Friday morning. And then I worked on some follow up to try to get an idea. So bias, I think from what we spoke about on Friday, I put an inquiry time. And I kept Military Times and then run a wage in here. So you could contact follow up. You know, late night, we do 100 hours to a morning, follow up with Kenny and you try to put like, you know, how many hours has elapsed since the inquiry till the phone call outreach. I mean, some of them are definitely over 12 hours because of the nighttime cycle. And then I put a status on the phone and then the email. So kind of like what phase were they on? Had I left one voicemail two voicemails three voicemail. And then same thing for emails with the first second or third email that that client was on. I did not update the time for follow up. Like for sequential contacts, it was just kind of that first attempt. So this first batch is, you know, not quoted. So I may not even have the conversation with that batshit and then the one below here are folks that are quoted, have had a call as opposed to a voicemail and tried to notate you know what Those turnaround times were for that first outreach as well paired with what kind of round they were on as far as calls and quotes I use colors just because they draw my attention that I was trying to keep a high level of interest client green yellow was more like they were still thinking about it and then tan was that they either dropped off and hadn't reached back out kind of like ghosted and similarly in the NOC quoted like you know oranges I just started trying pink was more called maybe two or three times no response and then read was no more than three times of an outreach with no response so might be something to choose to abandon eventually

Unknown Speaker  10:45
yeah

Speaker 2  10:49
there were some that you know, the sale was lost in the conversation they already said, Hey, I'm going with somebody else. I know what's going on here. We're just bad. Bad info in the inquiry, like the phone call didn't go anywhere and the email was bad. And then others were custom projects with which has been forwarded to Michael for like a larger scope

Speaker 2  11:19
so if you have any questions, let me know I don't know if I want to keep doing that maybe on a weekly basis, or if that's just good info for now. I will help us as we look at things

Matthias Miller  11:33
in if I had to summarize it's maybe 25% of the leads that come in after hours

Speaker 2  11:41
I would think though, it's a lot we could probably run a filter here that even at 1800 hours or 6pm Eastern time there's a good chance that come late

Matthias Miller  12:00
45 I think it's maybe closer to three maybe closer to 20% Perhaps there's just something like yeah, this is this is definitely helpful to take a look at

Speaker 2  12:17
and I could finish these ones out here as well. I ran out of daylight and brainpower a couple more data entry to go back and cover

Matthias Miller  12:29
understood Are there any any clear patterns that you're seeing

Speaker 2  12:40
if we look at our not yet nothing that's screaming at me like this is the obvious

Speaker 2  12:54
I mean, one pattern that is not a great one is that there's a lot of voicemail being in and if we could potentially modify our questionnaire to indicate a best time of contact that might be good or perhaps in the future we link to like an open appointment. So someone knows when to expect that call and there we know when they're available. Yeah, that's an observation

Matthias Miller  13:30
and the third option is getting real time alerts. And yeah, trying to catch them right as they fill it out

Speaker 2  13:44
yeah, definitely I think that will be helpful. If you're running to dues or you're working a live lead and something pops in, it's easy to not see it for the duration of whatever else you kind of got your head down working on

Matthias Miller  14:09
right. shoots out here quick. Good

Matthias Miller  15:09
I did I also over the weekend, or it was Friday actually put put together the automatic linking of quotes to opportunities. And I think there may have been one or so in there that did not link up at all, but most of those are now in. And that was one thing I forgot to I was gonna add that. I can't remember if I added that to the free is that? Can't remember if I added that as an option for you to to Yes, there is a link sales orders on the homepage. Okay, that will automatically link sales orders to the to the correct opportunity. And do that know, right, this this page in the top right, like sales orders? And I can probably actually remove that confirmation. Confirmation. So go ahead and do that.

Speaker 2  16:28
Does that need to? Does that need to be a like a regular manual steps that we take as we're building plots throughout the day just to kind of run that and link them? Or does it happen automatically with the API?

Matthias Miller  16:43
I have not set it up automatically. I can I can set it up on a schedule.

Matthias Miller  16:49
Okay. Probably all need to take a look, you can run it manually for now. But I want to take a look at the impact of running it more frequently. But somewhere from 15 minutes to an hour.

Speaker 2  17:08
Okay, that makes sense. Thank you for creating these categories is very helpful in different segments of quoted and not very, very helpful. You're welcome. I have a question for the team. I got an email over the weekend TV email at truepoint backyards.com. And it was just inquiring about if we served a certain location was Fayetteville, North Carolina was the question and I just want by Navy, who that you know goes through and you know, who's supposed to respond? Is it coming to me directly? Or is it coming to a bunch of people? I wasn't sure

Matthias Miller  17:59
it's coming to me is basically coming to all of us in the call here.

Matthias Miller  18:05
Okay. Not really talked about who should be handling some of these emails

Matthias Miller  18:24
they do need to be responded to. And I would be happy if you guys would want to figure out a way to way to manage that. Whether it's we you know, he has alternating days of who's coming the email inbox or whether one of you want to cover the email inbox or whether you want to alternate by weeks.

Speaker 2  18:53
Don't matter to me Oh. Is it appropriate to reply all to that, you know, so that he knows what the response was? Or is that too much clutter? Only a handful come through at this point. Okay. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  19:12
Yeah. Okay. Yeah, let's, I mean, let's, let's make some kind of. So I think, I think probably if you at this point, if you're looking for even distribution of leads, then doing something on a on a weekend bait on a weekly basis balances out. We can email traffic once the auto responder kicks in. I don't really know. I mean, I think at whatever point we have leads assigned. I don't really care how we want to do it. Do you if you have an opinion?

Speaker 1  19:47
Yeah. It didn't really matter to me. Whatever is most efficient.

Speaker 2  19:56
Yeah, same, honestly, whoever can get to it. For you, it's fine for the sake of not having to schedule a lot of things Toria I'd say if we see one jump in there, and as long as we're responding all will know who grabbed it. So like, if you're in the middle of a call with a customer and I can't pop in and I answer real quick, you'll see the reply or vice versa. I think that will just keep it simple.

Speaker 1  20:27
Yeah, that works. With the rotating Saturday schedule begin.

Matthias Miller  20:43
That's a good question. Let me get back to you on that. Okay. I

Unknown Speaker  20:46
just wasn't sure. Yes.

Unknown Speaker  21:01
It's my call on the call.

Matthias Miller  21:02
Yes. Michael is on the call. Michael.

Speaker 2  21:06
Good morning. Morning. Morning. Yeah, I was hoping you could talk with us. Good. How are you?

Unknown Speaker  21:16
Wonderful. Yes, go ahead.

Speaker 2  21:21
Yeah, it's something you could talk with us. And it's kind of coaches through the what you want to see. For on site. reviews before a customer places an order, I have a great can a case study opportunity. long and the short of it was talking to a couple that Dillinger's and they were kind of secretive about what their back yard was like. And so we ended up requesting from Lindsay to have someone go look at the art if possible. I had asked her for pictures, they did not supply pictures. And Randall was nice enough to call me after a site visit. And he said not only was the driveway ridiculously narrow, their backyard also had a about a four foot slope grade. So it was a significant issue as far as where they were planning on placing their building and none of that was disclosed over the phone. So I wanted to get some advice from you on how to do that and how to be cautious. So that we make sure that we're not over selling something to a customer when we can't like their location, or we're not getting good feedback from the customer.

Speaker 3  22:45
Says you followed a great, I would say you handle it very well. Having if there's an issue where we determine that there may be some obstacles. As a first step, asking for pictures of the backyard is usually a good way the backyard and or obstructions like fences, narrow driveways, or, you know, sometimes there, there's a few ways where where the houses are sandwiched, close together, etc, whatever the obstacle may be, and the area of where they want to place their shed having pictures of that. So of course, sometimes there will be people that are willing to do that. Other times like this person, maybe not so much. So if we can't get that, if we can't get that or if we have those pictures and determine that it looks like we should take a deeper look. And then setting up for somebody to do an actual site visit physical physically going out there, like Randall did is perfect. And giving us feedback that ultimately gives us the best read on it now, based off of that we make a decision if we should build on site or not if he thinks you know, I really can't get it in without. And then it's an obvious we have to do a build on site. That point sending me the quotes like you did. You did I see this morning is perfect. Now I know exactly what they're wanting, and the size and what we're getting into. And the basically all I do is take a peek at where it's at. And confirm that we're able to service that area for an on site build, and what the upcharge would be based on the feedback that we got for the obstacles position, etc. And so I'll be reviewing that and then sending your feedback for a fee. That would be aligned, I think, to go out there and do just upgrade this to be built on site. So I'll be in touch on that. So handle that well perfect. The only other thing that's helpful if possible. And it wasn't at this particular point is include some pictures of the obstacles in the Really good, proceed, proceed.

Speaker 2  25:05
Okay, cool. Thank you for confirming that I have some notes here kind of on like, procedurally how to handle that situation. When you complete the quote for the upcharge my goal do we continue to secure that contracts just like any other building? And how do we make the notes about the on site build so that it doesn't, you know, send into the system to a builder and they start working on it at their location. However, note that your builders note really good question.

Speaker 3  25:38
Perfect, really good question. Really good point there. So what you will do is, is the fee will be listed as a line item showing that on the order but also be sure to do just what you mentioned notating it in the notes section that will automatically print out in front of the builders face when he pulls it and he'll see that it's a bill in sight and confirm that it goes through that process proper procedure as a second line of defense just to make sure that it doesn't fall through the cracks on the building sites be a great idea to just when you do make the sale to send me an actual copy of it to my email and I'll confirm that my office staff watches for that the next day as it prints out to make sure we don't miss that and then sometimes we might have to make some special provisions for that it builds so we can do it happens in a nice efficient way.

Speaker 2  26:33
What about scheduling I think that's my last question then when it in communicating with the client once they've purchased the building say they do the 50% cash down you know where where do we go from there as far as setting expectation times for them on people showing up on their property and starting that bill

Speaker 3  26:53
so the date that you will be given a CES will it will show you a place in order will be both but typically an onsite build could add a couple of weeks to that based off of build schedules and weather so typically they take maybe one to three weeks longer than a normal normal build would be but again, we would be then in contrast the scheduling would be in contact with them confirming these dates prior to confirm that it works for both the builder and them so they would be received make a call and just one last little point there that on on site builds rent to own is is unfortunately not an option as the rental would you know the contracts would need to stay portable so that because it's being rented so if the customer chooses to stop his rental or whatever and then it would it wouldn't be a backup so this would all onsite builds would need to either be cash sales or need to be finance. Okay guys, so basically what we do on on site builds is we do 50% down on cash sales and the balance is then collected at time of it being built Did he ever be built?

Unknown Speaker  28:26
Okay

Speaker 2  28:29
Is it built in one day Michael or is it typically one or two days? What does that look like?

Speaker 3  28:35
Typically it will be typically what happens is we will prefab some of the walls etc. And unless it's a really huge building it we try to keep it to a one day project of course there are big big structures will take multiple days but typically if it's like in the shed sizes that we do typically it's a one day

Speaker 1  29:12
a Michael will we know after you've reached out to the customer? Or do we just kind of like you know after we get what they want and everything and finalize the quote we kind of just put it in your hands. Well we kind of be updated on that process.

Speaker 3  29:30
We we've been handling that is we've been handling the on sites and the the prefinished units going out as a completed unit, all in the same manner. So once the sale is completed, that goes directly to the schedule, the scheduling department and the schedulers board. And we let the scheduling department reach out directly to them and then communicate that they know what's going on with the drivers with the weather with rescheduling. And let them deal with that directly so that there's not multiple people involved causing, essentially, you know, some disconnect. So that has worked pretty well, if giving those expectations to the customer at the point of sale that after the deal has been made. Within their delivery window, they will be it will be delivered within their delivery window. And they will be contacted prior to delivery by scheduling to confirm that the specific date and time works for the customer.

Unknown Speaker  30:39
Okay, thank you, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  30:50
And then just to tag on to that. And

Speaker 1  30:55
go ahead. I was gonna say, Do you only build a quote for them after you speak to them on the phone? Do you ever do it through email if you can't reach them. So see if you leave a voicemail, but you still have some information on what they want,

Speaker 2  31:18
I have done one. For a person that is an emailing only they are. I mean, they made contact via email back and said, I have a very difficult time taking phone calls because of my work schedule. And so I sent them a list of quick questions, and then provided them a quote for that. So that's the only one person out of the vast majority of the have been phone call. The only other thing I will mention to that is that I did send about three clients a templated, quote off of a prebuilt structure like Mercer, best, full and full of it, I think were some of them. Because their description, they mentioned it in their description on the questionnaire that they liked that building. So I sent them kind of a quick review and then say, let's cut, let's follow up with a conversation in case there's things you'd like to customize. But those ones actually did not have a good response from those clients. They didn't respond back, they're more of a biller general inquiry, you haven't really contacted with customizations or like next action steps, while I'm still testing if that's even worth the time and energy of creating that paper call, or if it should still just be call me. So I would like to know what your experiences after this week to find that. Is that working or not working?

Speaker 1  32:47
Okay. Awesome. Thank you for answering that. Question.

Matthias Miller  32:54
They can chime in on that as well. I think we're working on getting the last details, the auto responder nailed down. But I think for people who don't who go cold, I think the auto responder is going to be a great way to see about getting them warmed up to a point of being interested in a phone call. That will save a lot of hassle and work going back and forth.

Matthias Miller  33:20
Right, did you have anything else? Mercer on your list?

Unknown Speaker  33:25
This morning? Thank you.

Matthias Miller  33:27
Yep. Good. Well, got Dwayne on Well, sorry, let me let me check in I guess, Michael, do you have anything else? Anything you want to go over yet?

Speaker 3  33:44
Really, maybe just one quick one for ERISA. On Friday, I was out Friday, unfortunately, he had to rent to a meeting. And I know there was a couple pretty interested leads. And you have one minute to just give a little update on those. Any updates on like the maybe top three, one, maybe two or three leads that looks like maybe are almost ready to purchase just just an interest?

Speaker 2  34:20
Sure, sure. So the names you guys are out there looking for quotes generated would be castling or T is looking for a building and is running by the colors of our vinyl options through her HOA. But she seems like a hot lead. There was a site visit done by Alex I believe on Friday morning and he approved the delivery and positioning of everything so I think once she settles on the color choice for vinyl and shingles, she'll be good. Tim and Dellinger is the gentleman we were just He's talking about with the very strange driveway situation with the potential on site. His conversation he had with Randall on Friday, and then again, on Monday morning seems like he's very committed to the purchase. And we just need to make sure to give him the right, you know, action steps to complete that. And then the last one I would say is the third most interested, is probably a tie. There's a gentleman named David Trapp. And the way he described it to me is I need to wear my wife down a little bit more, and then I should be able to buy it next week. So I said the rent to own prospective contract of what he potentially would owe monthly, based upon kind of where he was at to kind of help show his wife, it's not gonna be that bad, honey. So that was kind of funny, but I think you will be probably in third place. With another gentleman named Abraham. I cannot pronounce his last name. He is very nice man who's difficult to understand on the phone. But he was looking for just basic lawn and garden storage. And he said that he'd like to speak with me today or tomorrow on finishing that sale. So I'm hopeful that we complete that connection. So for now

Speaker 3  36:24
reciate that that's, that's awesome. Just in another 20 seconds, is my understanding correctly and remembering correctly? This Tim Murray and bellandur they were the ones that were were the the ones that were I need to pull up my paperwork to get a look. But the ones that were asking for a military discount, was that them? Okay, that's what I thought.

Speaker 2  36:45
Okay, no, that gentleman who is not in the list of folks I just mentioned, completely went cold on I've left, probably three voicemails and two emails to circle up with him. That was military discount guy. So I'll continue. Yeah, I'll continue this week on seeing if I can get him on the line. But yeah, he goes. Yeah, unfortunately.

Speaker 3  37:14
Perfect. That, that answers that back to you, Matthias. Appreciate that.

Matthias Miller  37:23
We have anything else. We're going to restart the recording, and we're going to for the RTOS stuff. Dwayne to your message, I already have an import that links stuff up by email, email slash phone number if possible. So where do I find it's on the online sales homepage. Let me set up a scheduled task where we can Oh, I

Unknown Speaker  37:54
think I saw that. Yeah. But from from well, we can talk about this later. I just rather than searching three different spots to find a particular individual got it


Transcribed by https://otter.ai