Speaker 1  00:00
Oh, you don't need time for some massive wisdom here. There's a handful of things that I that I was thinking about in regards to software I think one of the things is really centered around this, how do you guarantee that your software solution is actually going to do what you want it to do. And I think this really goes back to a handful of mindsets I'm gonna try to name them out. But one of the big ones is simply know what you want, not what's go for what you want, not for what you think you can have. I think this is something that, that I originally learned from dove Gordon, but the core crystal clear you are about the quality of your decisions depends on the quality of your clarity, the quality of your decisions, depends on the quality of your clarity. If you're clear about where you are, where you want to go and what you want to have, you will make rock solid strong decisions. If you're unclear about that, then you're going to allow yourself to be influenced by other people now. Sometimes, I want to be completely transparent here sometimes you don't know where you need to be, and you want to be somewhere else and so what you need to do in that, in that case, is get around somebody who can give you clarity around what it is that you actually need get around people who have the clarity to give you what you need. That's where you need to need to go. That's what you need to focus on until you have that clarity, you don't have any right making decisions about next steps in your business you need that clarity, 100%. First, rather than just guessing So, how does this play out. One of the other major things that I see with people is, is they underestimate the cost of retail. Now, there may be, and, and so I'm going to be fully transparent with some of the clients that we work with. It really is in their best interest to get a retail solution, but you have to weigh the costs first so what are the costs. One of the costs, is that you do not actually have control of the outcome. Whether you have a support desk or whether you have any kind of feature ticket system or anything like that. at the end of the day, it's you versus the, the doubt the hundreds or thousands of other users or 10s of thousands or, or more than that, depending on the size of the platform. And, and at what point at some point you hit critical mass so you still you know that if there's a really major issue that they're going to fix it. but but realistically, you're, you're in a war against all the other people in all their requests. And so, if, if you have a unique need or unique question you might not get the attention. Number two, implementation cost. This is huge. The implementation costs. Many times they underestimate the level of implementation cost because here's why this ties into something else I don't know how to pull all these pieces together apart. But one of the reasons why it's so high, is because many times, there's a specific model that they expect you to follow a certain path that you need a follow up so first of all before, before you can even be what you should do. doesn't always happen but what you should do is really seek to understand what it is, how this how that how it currently works how that how their system works how to, how do they expect you to set it up, and. And so well. And even with this there's kind of two different angles to this So on one hand, you can have a, you can have a. Oh, this is fully customizable you can do whatever you want. You have some kind of pre designed templates, which can be good, but it can also kind of leave you with this like, okay, but it's such a blank slate, I don't even know where to start. On the other end of the spectrum, you have this thing of, like, okay, like here is the system Do you want it or not, here's what you can do and you got to weigh the pros and cons,

Unknown Speaker  03:46
like that's the spectrum,

Speaker 1  03:51
tying all these pieces together. One of the things that's really important to know is, know your processes, before you get into the buying game. Know your business processes before you get into the buying game. Now understand that these can be can vary these can be can be altered and these can be adjusted based on best practices, however. However, if you don't know your business processes, your ideal business processes, before you try to integrate software into it. Here's what is very likely to happen. What's very likely to happen is that you'll try to back fit your, your processes to match the software. So you have to downgrade your business processes in order to match the software sometimes. Sometimes this is okay, if that's how you want to run your business. This is probably not something to put in there but you know, if you want to run your business like that then fine run your business like that.

Unknown Speaker  04:46
That's not the right the right attitude from here but, you know, anyway.

Speaker 1  04:52
I mean certainly you can do that, it's certainly an option. Does it give you the optimal optimal solution, no it's not another another big mindset thing is centered around the opportunity cost. And I think we'll actually before we get to that, it's it's centered around a perspective. And it's, it's understanding that every single thing that you're paying for is an investment. And it's either an investment, again, for opportunity or against mitigating risk. It's either an investment against opportunity before opportunity or against risk. So let's just take a few examples. If you have a point of sale system, that is that is an investment for opportunity, what are you buying you're buying you're buying reliability and accuracy in your engagement with your customers, you are, you're buying a you're buying efficiency. So you're buying back time and labor, and so really, one of the things that if you invest in good POS.

Unknown Speaker  05:46
Then, I mean, this is just

Speaker 1  05:47
POS 101, but you're going to save time for the people who are working for you. So there's that. The other thing that it buys you is reporting and insight. And so, based off of your investment in the POS if you have a good point of sale, you should be able to get insight into your into into your ideal customer What do they buy when do they buy it How often do they buy it, what are the types of things are looking for are there seasonal trends, all of those types of things. So if you have access to that data, and you can start pulling out that data, like that, that you'll get tremendous return on investment. Here, let me give you an example of a mitigation of risk having some kind of legal counsel or some kind of compliance person on board

Unknown Speaker  06:25
is somebody who will pay for themselves.

Speaker 1  06:30
Visa v The, the actual you know the the fines and the penalties that you may face if you if you are not in compliance. So having somebody like that on board is is of tremendous value for you. Because, and they will pay for themselves, because of the risk that they mitigate. So when you're looking at software, you have exactly the same issue. you have the, you have the, the cost of the software the investment in the software, whether that's a one time fee or whether that's an ongoing fee. And then you have the.

Unknown Speaker  07:05
Then you have the.

Speaker 1  07:10
And then you have the return that you get on that. And the question that you have to ask is, I mean this is simply what you have to look at, you cannot look at. Alright so let's let me give you an example, you may be able to get what you need with a $300 a month

Unknown Speaker  07:24
subscription.

Unknown Speaker  07:26
You may, you may actually price it out against

Unknown Speaker  07:29
something that is a 30 k investment.

Unknown Speaker  07:32
The question is which one should you be looking at.

Unknown Speaker  07:35
Which one should be jr be looking at,

Speaker 1  07:37
and, and it really comes down to this question of what's, what is the what is the return on your investment. So if you can get. If you can get a 10% return on your investment on the,

Unknown Speaker  07:55
on the $300 a month, you're getting.

Unknown Speaker  07:59
You're getting

Unknown Speaker  08:02
30 bucks a month, or you're getting.

Speaker 1  08:06
Let's take a look at it 30 bucks a month, or you're getting 30 times 12 is $360 a year. Now it's possible that the return on your investment is much higher, but you just simply have to take a look at that.

Unknown Speaker  08:16
The other the other question is on a 30 k solution.

Unknown Speaker  08:20
What's the return on your investment that you're going to get with that.

Speaker 1  08:23
You have to understand what are the things that it gives you, what are the things that it optimizes what are the what are the mistakes, it helps you avoid,

Unknown Speaker  08:30
what are the opportunities that allows you to capitalize on.

Unknown Speaker  08:35
And this goes really deep.

Speaker 1  08:37
In fact, if we want to go into this. This is one of those things that helps us,

Unknown Speaker  08:42
valuate,

Unknown Speaker  08:43
the software. This is

Unknown Speaker  08:44
actually a framework for evaluating software.

Unknown Speaker  08:48
What opportunities is it allow me to capitalize on.

Speaker 1  08:50
And with that too, like, like what are your customers, what are you most profitable customers what are your most profitable products, what are your least ones least profitable ones. If it allows you to fire your least profitable customers or quit selling your least profitable products sooner. Because of the data and insights you get

Unknown Speaker  09:07
it could very easily pay for itself.

Unknown Speaker  09:17
In fact, there seems to be a way

Speaker 1  09:20
that you could use the 8020 principle and the power curve to take a look at these businesses, and be able to provide them a cost estimation of what what the right insights would be able to give them in order to

Unknown Speaker  09:34
in order to give them this cost savings.

Unknown Speaker  09:44
20% of the,

Speaker 1  09:46
you know, on a pickup delivery system. What are the bottom 20% stops that you need to eliminate. If you can find out how to get more of the top. 20%. You'll have papers for yourself. Alright so, I mean there's a lot there. One of the ideas for me as well would be to actually talk to Perry about can we use a usually power curve in a business. And what would that actually look like in order to help establish profitability and the cost of, you know, the payoff for the business. So that's another thing so with all of that you have to, so you have to understand the return on your investment What are you actually getting from this but then there's another big question what's the biggest cost of in business, and I think, I think one of the questions I mean this is a huge question, biggest cost in your business is actually nothing that you have on your balance sheet right now, or I mean on your income statement right now. The biggest cost that you have in your business is actually the opportunity cost. What you choose not to spend money on has a greater impact. Very likely to have a greater impact on your business than what you do.

Unknown Speaker  11:02
And there's, there's two reasons why this is the case, one of them is,

Speaker 1  11:06
if you had the opportunity to invest in a 30 k solution that gave you and I don't think I've ever finished this example but a 30 k solution, and gave you a 10% return on investment, year after year. Your instead of a $300 dollar a month, or $30, a month payback. You would get, or 360, a year payback, you would get a three K a year payback. And you're getting that off of the initial investment instead of getting that just off of the ongoing monthly subscription, so that's that's something that we'll get but the opportunity cost, still reasons why what you don't spend is more important than what you do spend.

Unknown Speaker  11:43
I'm not sure if I want to go there. I haven't thought this all the way through, but

Speaker 1  11:52
oh actually here's another thing. What's the lifetime cost of a retail solution because you may be, you may be spending 6600 k a month or six 600 but let's say you're spending 600 bucks a month. And so the whole cost is going to be, you know, what's that let's say you're on that platform for five years. That's 600 times, 12 is 70 210 bucks, that's like 35 k right there. Whereas you can you can create a, you know, a 30 k solution, and you know i don't know what i don't know i don't know that's something that I want to put into their heads or not but it's something that you definitely consider but

Unknown Speaker  12:30
opportunity cost.

Speaker 1  12:35
The biggest expense in your business is not what you are spending.

Unknown Speaker  12:41
It's what you're not spending on.

Unknown Speaker  12:44
If you could make an investment in your business.

Unknown Speaker  12:48
That yielded a profitable return.

Unknown Speaker  12:51
And you don't

Speaker 1  12:54
you have a multiplication effect of the cost of that. Anyway, I don't quite know how to explain it traffic and funnels may actually have some better ideas about how to actually explain this whole concept of opportunity cost, but for sure that's a bigger issue. All right, so. So those are a handful of things.

Unknown Speaker  13:13
I'm trying to think what else there is.

Speaker 1  13:17
I mean just another example, I commonly see people going to trade shows, okay like here's another thing. Here's another thing, choosing what you can see versus over what you can't. I've seen, I see people going to trade shows and things like that. And some of these are. Listen, sometimes it's the right thing for people. I'm not saying it's not. But because they can see something and because it has tangibility to it. It's, it's, it just is. I don't know that it just is.

Unknown Speaker  13:50
Here's the difference

Unknown Speaker  13:54
custom software is tangible, very tangible,

Speaker 1  13:59
we've, we've a process, just as tangible as a customer. If you want to build a custom home, there's a process that you go through to understand exactly what that is supposed to look like, and then actually build it and you walk away with a tangible product custom software is no different. It's just as tangible it's just a question of at what stage in the process is it. So a lot of people may go to may see a demo of a product. And because something already exists. They assume that it's cheaper, or they assume that it's what they want, or they assume that they can make it work. And from our experience working with people it's simply not always the case. So what you should be doing is you should get really clear on what it is you want. And you should, and you should understand that, and you should use that as an evaluation and get clear about what each of these things are going to benefit you in terms of profitability. In terms of in terms of profitability like all of the cost tracking metrics that actually talked about earlier, get clear on that, and then use that as a matrix and go after what you need

Unknown Speaker  15:19
and want, and not after what you think you can have.

Unknown Speaker  15:23
This is a huge thing this is a major mindset shift.

Speaker 1  15:27
So that's all I have for now and we'll try to put that stuff together. Smith.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai