Speaker 1  00:00
Well. So I think this comes down to three different skill sets. So,

Speaker 2  00:06
so here's, here's the problem that I run into, right? Like, it's not that I haven't tried. I've been trying. I decided this, like six months ago. This needs to happen, or it's just solving implode. So the problem is, I keep my efforts have been, I'm just kind of bad at hiring these people. So, like, I hired the Infusionsoft guy. Pay him $10,000 a month, and he just completely booby trapped my whole business, you know, just didn't, couldn't do anything. He couldn't do anything. This Infusionsoft expert who couldn't get anything done. And, you know, it's not like I just hired him on a whim. I interviewed him and checked his references, and he checked out, and he had experience, and he had this really knowledgeable guy who just didn't do anything. And you know, then, you know, the writers thing is just one example. I've gone through this process a whole bunch of times where I just get people who, it's just like that 10% that can't it's like, it's like, your internet guy who wanted to block Eastern Europe. It's like, I get stuff like that all the time. It's like, it's like, this, this article is almost able to be published, but no, it needs, like, an hour of my time, right? And that's, that's the thing that I keep running into. And I, I feel like part of it is me, because I'm an educated guy, I'm a yoga teacher. I'm like, like, I don't know. I don't even know what these roles are like. I don't know like, if these are educated people, if they're if their degree matters. I just, I don't even know how to approach their I just, you know, it's not something that I at least from experience, I haven't done it well. So I just keep getting these people who are just, I just keep hiring one that's basically,

Speaker 1  01:41
so here's, here's a switch that I think will help. Okay, okay, right, you mentioned this stuff, but so you you interview people, right? Yes, yes. Just take the word interview out of your vocabulary and replace it with Irish. Okay. So let's say we're talking about writers. So that's probably more straightforward than an infusion guy, right? With writers just

Unknown Speaker  02:11
as tricky, though, really well.

Speaker 1  02:12
So see So, so try this. You put a classified ad it says, wanted writer who can blah, blah blah to apply for this position. Do not send resume. Write me a letter telling me why I should hire you, and email it to special letter@gmail.com something like that. Okay, first of all, anybody that includes a resume, they're automatically out right now. You have just required. You have just given them a writing assignment. Okay? They gotta sell themselves, right? So you're not going to get 140 right. You're going to get like 17 Yeah, or five, right. You're going to get this much smaller pile. And then, and then, that's just the first two. The next hoop is, see, that didn't cost you anything, right? It's like, and the next tube does, okay, I'm going to pay you 50 bucks, or 100 bucks, or, you know, some amount of money. Write me an article that does X. I was like, that's it. And you, you go, if I have to sit here and spend more than 10 minutes rewriting this thing before I publish it, they're out because they don't meet my and it's like, you just let the criteria screen out. The criteria does the work? Did you watch my content czar contest when

Speaker 2  04:05
I had that? I remember that? Yeah, I don't remember all the details, but you remember it well.

Speaker 1  04:09
So here's so I needed what I would you could think of as a product marketing manager. And so I, because I have lots of info marketers on my list, I could recruit from my own email list. Now, not everybody can do that, but it's like, okay, so I'm gonna I got all this talent in my email list, so let's use some of it. So the Jeremy's first cut well, I said, Well, Jeremy, you have to look at the application first and then filter. And he goes, Well, if you're going to do that, we're going to charge 25 bucks for every application, because otherwise I'm going to get 180 so we charge 25 bucks to apply. I. Okay, and what we told people was, you pay your 25 bucks. We won't just send you a form letter and tell you why you didn't get to the next step. We'll actually tell you why. And I said, whether you write it or shoot a video or whatever, you have to explain to me why you're suitable for this position. Well, so for the content, I actually did affiliate manager and contents are simultaneously and I got nine applications for affiliate manager that paid the 25 bucks and I got 18 or 19 for the contents are well, so they all did at least a halfway respectable job of like, you know, presenting themselves. Some quite a bit better than others. And in both cases, I threw out about half of them, and the other half I gave them an assignment. So the affiliate manager, I gave you an assignment. I said. I said, You've got between now and, like a week from now, or week and a half or something, I said. I said, Go find me an affiliate deal. Show me what you can do. Like, just go do something you know, like, dog hunt, bring me back meat. Okay? Like, I don't care what you do, just don't. Don't do anything ridiculous or embarrassing. But right? Well, that was really interesting, because I had several people go, do you realize it's, it's between Christmas and New Year's right now, nobody's open, nobody's doing anything. I can't do this now, okay, they're out. It's like Jack goes. He, if any of you have ever heard of Aaron wall, he's like an SEO guy. He contacted Aaron wall, and he said, Would you be willing to do some cross promotion thing with Perry Marshall? And Aaron goes, Sure. And I think he, like, dug up one other deal that was kind of interesting. And yeah, it was between Christmas and New Year's. But guess what? A lot of people are actually at home with the lights on during Christmas and New Year's right? And so Jack, like, got somewhere, he ended, he ended up getting the position. He's still with me, um, for the content czar. Everybody who made it to stage two, I said, I took, I took the bobsled run, all the, all the MP sprees and transcripts and and everything was in the membership area for the recent bobsled run. I said, I gave him a link to the entire download page, which is, you know, it's worth, what? 1000, 2000 bucks, whatever. I mean, it doesn't come with coaching, but it's all the material so that they got that further 25 bucks, right? Meanwhile, all these other people bitched about what you're ripping people off. Who do you think you are? You can't charge 20. Yeah, I can, and I don't want you, right? And all the people at gripe were not customers. They've never given me a dime, you know? So anyway, so I give them all this, all this material, and I said, here's what I want you to do. I want you to go somewhere in this material, find some slice of it that could be turned into a 20 to $50 product that we could sell. And I want you to make it into a product and write a sales page for it, and then we'll send traffic to it, and we'll see whose product sells. And I want you to decide you know what it's going to be and what the topic is going to be, and what little niche or topic that's not being addressed, whatever? And so I get this whole variety of couple people did stuff on autoresponders, and I didn't have an autoresponder product back then, you know? And and and so we ended up, I think, what, like five people that turned in a product, and we ran it through the bases, and we ended up hiring Joshua Boswell. Okay, so, so that was the audition thing. And I it's like, I need them do all this stuff, right? It's like you have to do this now if, if you don't have enough street cred or reputation or whatever, then you just put money in front of their face, you go. So the next step of this job interview is, I'm going to pay you 500 bucks and you're going to

Unknown Speaker  09:56
do this, right? He reversed it. Yeah, right.

Speaker 1  09:59
Yes. You just, you know that you're only getting hired for this week or for today and show me what you can do. And you just, you stop talking to people and like listening to what they say, and you just make it into watch what they do. I know people who maybe really interesting things with this like ask the person to come in for their interview at 1130 well, at 12 o'clock, it's lunch time, so you give them a $50 bill with everybody's lunch order, and you send them to McDonald's. If they get lost. They're not hired. If they disappear with your $50 bill. That's 50 bucks you ever spent you using it only cost you $50 to find out if they're a thief. Right? Like, good riddance. Take the $50 right, right? And, and, oh, and another thing, like, when we were what

Speaker 2  11:02
I'm hearing is I need to, like, sit down and, like, say, I'm just gonna do hiring for a couple of weeks, and, like, treat the hiring like I would treat a promotion.

Speaker 1  11:11
Yes, it's exactly. It's like, a bunch, it's a sales funnel. It's like, okay, you opt in, and then you fill in the survey, and then you spend a little money, and then you do, you know, and do they climb the ladder? It's just another reverse.

Speaker 2  11:28
Your goal is to get one. Yes.

Speaker 1  11:32
Yes. You know what it reminds me of. You were talking about purchasing agents like, like, when my purchasing agent can't get something right? So I remember, like, 15 years ago, I was a brand new sales guy, and I was just like, I couldn't figure out how to sell anything, and purchasing agents intimidated me. I only knew how to talk to engineers, which meant that mostly I'm just, like, solving their problem for free, you know, and all this and this person, so I'm talking to this guy. He's like, a friend of mine, and he does purchasing from some big company, and he goes, and he goes, my job is to get past No, he's like, I need this product at some price or by some delivery date, or it's gotta have these features or whatever, and I just gotta bang away until finally I get yeses all the way through. It's like he's really doing sales in reverse, right? Okay, we have the sales guys have the product, and he has the money and so and the product may be just as hard to get your hands on as money is right. His job isn't any easier than the sales guy's job, because somewhere there's something that he can't get right. It's this is it's just, it's just everything you already know flipped upside down, okay? And so you can devise a sales funnel

Speaker 2  13:07
drag it just as fanatic and obsessed about it as a promotion, right? Yeah, right.

Speaker 1  13:13
And it could be for the infused and it's just giving people jobs to do. It's like, Oh, so you say you're infusion, infusion, genius, okay, well, guess what? The first person to solve this problem gets 1000 bucks and goes to the next step. It's a great idea, okay? And you just stop listening to people

Unknown Speaker  13:34
judge them what they do. Not once. Yep,

Speaker 1  13:36
yep. Now, so tell you a little more of the contents story. So So I hired Jack and I hired Joshua. Well,

Speaker 1  13:59
there was this other guy who applied for contents are named Drew. And I don't, maybe you've talked to Drew or, I don't know. Okay, so, so I hired Josh, I hired jack, and I'm in the shower, this is three years ago, and I'm like, Facebook is really starting to heat up. I don't have the foggiest understanding of Facebook, but I need somebody to research Facebook, and I could tell from Drew's so So Drew had, like, made this big write up about why I should hire him, and somewhere in there was this explanation of how he'd like when he had to figure something out, he would run through the maze. Run through the maze. Run through the maze until somehow he could ring the bell and get the cheese. And I thought maybe drew would be a good Facebook guy. So let's. Him. Let's, like, work out a deal with them. Like, okay, Drew at least for to start out. Here you be our Facebook guy. We'll buy you whatever courses you need. We'll give you access whatever, whoever, stuff, and we just start working on Facebook, understanding how it works. Work with Brian. You know, all the stuff Brian does and figure out Facebook and like. So I call up Drew. I say, What do you think of doing that? He's like, great. So Drew starts banging away on Facebook. So we have this meeting, long story short, and there's Jack and Drew and me and Josh and Ari galper was there too. And somehow it comes up in this meeting. Ari says to me, Perry, you need an operations manager. Well, turns out Drew is working as an operations manager right at the same time for some company in Austin, Texas, and Drew's like, I could be your operations manager. I could do the Facebook thing on the side. I could be an operations manager. So I hired drew too. So I hired three people. So this is the big expenditure money. It's like, I mean, these, none of these guys are cheap, and all sudden, you know, spend all this money so, so here, here's, here's what happened. So Joshua totally knocked our socks off with his, with his, his content czar application. He just hit the ball out of the park. What I came to understand about Joshua. Joshua is a sprint guy, not a marathon guy, and he's also, frankly, more of a Salesman than a copywriter. And it's just like temperament stuff, and it's like you, whenever somebody comes and starts working for you. Awesome. You you have this idea of what they're going to do for you, and you have this idea of their skill set, but then you have the reality of what they really end up being good at, right? Um, Josh, I think he was with us for six months, and he did, did a decent job, but it was very clear his heart was not in working for the man, even on an apprentice level. It was it just it wasn't truly what he wanted to do, and so he ended up leaving in this fight. Jack initially started out as affiliate manager, but he really ended up being much more like a content czar, because Jack, and Jack pitched me on it. He's like, he's like, you know, I realized that what you're asking for is an affiliate manager. But he says, he says, before we go get affiliates, I think there's a lot of things in the sales funnel that need to be fixed, and I like doing that kind of stuff. And he argued for being compensated instead of, like this much based on affiliates be this much of everything and and basically being the marketing manager, and that's what he ended up being. And he's still the marketing manager, okay? And what Jack has done is so, so this is you. It's like, not only are this is you, this is you, this is you, this is you. This is you because there's like, seven jobs, and they all have your name on it, right? Well, this is, this is how I got it to this is me, and this is Jack. And Jack is Jack is in charge of the overall marketing structure. What

Unknown Speaker  18:57
does that mean?

Speaker 1  18:58
Well, so, so Jack is the is the tactician.

Speaker 2  19:09
And like, at what point do you throw something to Jack? Well,

Speaker 1  19:12
so the way it works now is, we all agree on what we're gonna do next, and Jack assigns jobs to me of what I need to be doing, of what I'm good at, and the rest goes to other people, or Jack does. Sure. Okay, so, so yeah, I'm still Perry and I'm still the personality and all this kind of stuff. But

Speaker 2  19:43
so so like you're selling Maui or something, and you so you all sit around you're gonna decide you're gonna sell my way, and you say, Okay, fine. You go home. A week later, Jack says, I need three emails, I need a video, I need this. And right? And that's it, right? So I am contributing. He gives you a sales flow funnel, and you say, yes or no. And that's the that's the process. Okay, okay,

Speaker 1  20:03
yes, yes, because Jack understands sales processes, he understands launches, he understands funnels and all this stuff. So Jack needs, okay, we're doing a teleseminar, so we need to tell a seminar page and all this stuff. Well, we're, you know, we need these videos. We need these sales pages. Well, it's like, okay, so we need, we need an email written to do this job. And Perry's really the only guy that's good enough to write this kind of email for this kind of job. So, so he puts my name on that job, and Donovan's got to do the website thing, and Jeremy's going to set up infusion. And, okay, so what you might need is a, I mean, this is like low six figure income level person, yeah. Okay. This is like a $10,000 a month guy. This is not a $1,000 a month guy from the Philippines, right? But there are all these $1,000 a month kind of jobs, SEO and whatever like that, yeah. So you might think about you need a jack now. Now an interesting thing happened about six months ago. I'll tell you a story so, so I add all this staff. And of course, this makes the business like, okay, everybody's got to pay for themselves now. And you know, Perry's at first, Perry's got to paddle a whole lot harder just to right? You know how that is, right? You just hired all these people, and now, guess who gets to pay for them, right? And so, you know, the overhead of the business went up, and so now, well, we have to do a good promotion every month. Is it right? So last spring, I want to say it was like may had a really lousy month, because we missed, we missed a couple steps on a promotion, and all of a sudden we're in a bad cash flow and all that. And, and we're having this conference call, and my team is complaining to me that I throw this stuff at him. So this has to be happening done in a week. And, and, and we're all working 14 hours a day, and this is too much. And, and Perry, you gotta stop this. Well, I just had a bad month. And I'm like, Well, you know, Mama, Laura, don't like not getting paid, and, you know, and all that. And so, you know, they're better not and I'm like, hey, you know the reason I throw this stuff at you, like, this is, this is how you eat. Like, this is how you're getting fed, right? It's like, this is business. And it was this pretty confrontational conversation, and at this point, well, it was so so Harry's upset because, because, you know, you miss a couple of steps and you got cash flow problems, and Jack's upset, because Jack's, like, working 14 hours a day. It's like, well, so some things gotta give here. Well, an interesting thing happened, so we're having the staff meeting. That's not very much fun, right? I mean, these usually our staff meetings are pretty pleasant, but this is not Brian steps up to the plate and he goes, you guys, we need a process manager, and I will be the process manager, and Jeremy will be the process executor, and he says, I will take responsibility of making all the checklists and the procedures of doing everything we do, so that when we say, Okay, we're gonna promote this certain thing in June, that we have the 121 things, and it's all lined up, and everybody knows in advance what it is, so there's No surprises. He says, I'm gonna do that now. A lot of this has to do with personalities, and I get the idea that you and I are a lot alike. Okay, I'm spontaneous. I create systems. I do not follow them.

Unknown Speaker  24:56
Seriously, I do the same. You.

Speaker 1  25:00
Oh, I mean, look, I'm in Hong Kong. Was there anything systematic about this meeting? No, it's like, well, the adoption agency called us and we need to be in in nonchang, China in four and a half weeks. And, oh, by the way, you know this is going to cost a boatload of money, so somebody's got to pay for it. And, you know, I'm like, we're doing it, yeah? Well, yeah, you guys are paying for an adoption. You'll, you'll meet the little girl tomorrow. You know, you know, my hopefully everybody leaves and feel like they got twice what they paid for, and it was alchemy and and all of that, but it's like, I gotta pay for this thing. Actually, we had this whole conversation with Brian, with Matt and everything. So what should we do? Should we do? Like, a seminar? Should we do? And eventually it was like, do something easy. Format intensives are easy and do like every month. Okay? That's way easier than a seminar. Trust me, it's way easier. So, so here we are, okay, this was the impromptu, you know, making it up as we go along. Deal, right? It'll never happen again. You know, these 10 people will never be in a room after tomorrow, right? And so we do these unique one off things. Well, the great, and I'm learning about chairman, Mao and whatever else, right? But that drives staff crazy, okay? And really, that's what I it's like, if you're going to work for me, you have to understand that I'm just gonna, I'm just throwing things at you, like, every time I think of something, and I know, sorry if you don't like it, like, that's, that's how I operate. Okay. Well, so Brian, boy, I wonder there's so many things I want to mention here. So I'm right. I'm just writing, writing stuff down so, so Brian says, Alright, he's addressing Jack's complaint and the other people's complaint that, why is this always the last minute? And it's like, well, well, this is going live at noon, and wait, this isn't done. This isn't done. This is done. Brian, now that's me, because I don't want to make a checklist and I don't want to follow system. I just right. Brian's like, you know, if we have our checklist of 120 things, there won't be any scrambling and there won't be any panics. But Perry is never going to make the checklist. I won't. It'll drive me crazy. Brian can make the checklist. Brian is a systematic, methodical guy, so he makes the checklist. And literally, we got this Google Doc or something. It's got like 120 things in it. You know, it's like, okay, so the opt in page has to be there, the thank you page has to be there, the thank you email has to be there, it has to be put on a tag. And basically, what he's doing is he's taking something that's normally like, $100 an hour work and and shooting it up into little, tiny pieces. So $10 an hour people can do it. And now my customer service people go build most of the stuff. Yes, because there's, there's processes and checklists. Okay, so, like, they've got it, they've got a Screen Flow video that somebody recorded. This says, So when there's a tele seminar, these are the 26 steps. And there is, like 26 to, me, I only think of it as four, right, because, because I, the way I, to me, everything gets reduced to this, like, well, there's this and there's this and there's this next, right? And they're like, No, it's like, you know, there's 126 stuff so, so they're doing all this. And after Brian kind of stepped into that process manager role, everything clicked together. And so what, at a macro level, what you're dealing with is, is is that, is that you're a big picture guy, right? You love being up here. You're constantly being sucked down here, right? You need a medium picture person, and you need a nitty gritty implementers. And for what you're trying to do this really is probably about three levels, although the person you initially hired to do this is going to be doing this too, right? It Okay, and this is an audition. You can say, I want, I want the teleseminar. Pitch. Page, thank you. Page, email, you know, handshake with GoToWebinar, whatever it is, I want all this built. And, you know, I'll pay you for auditioning it, but show me you can do this, right? And then eventually they'll, they'll have peons doing this. But this pulls you out of, pulls you out of the medium picture stuff, and it makes you, you are now contributing pieces to the assembly line, and they're the $1,000 an hour piece. I mean, it's a

Speaker 2  30:47
perfect example. Like, you know, we we do, like, at least three tails, or, yeah, three tail seminars a month, at least one webinar. It's like, between the three of those, it's like a good solid, 2030, hours of work, right? And you got all those emails, all those pages, all those everything. And it's all mechanical. It's all mechanical, right? Every, every opt in page for all our conferences has, you know, here's what you learn, four bullets, you know, here's the opt in page. It's all the same, right? So

Speaker 1  31:18
once you have these people in place. It's all conceptual for you, right?

Speaker 2  31:24
And these process flow things so that when I do quality control, I go through the checklist and say, Did this happen? This happened? This happened, right?

Speaker 1  31:32
So most of the time I am doing $1,000 an hour work, or, well, I know maybe half the time. I mean, there's a lot of kind of $100 an hour stuff that I have to do too, but for the most part, it's like, no, you guys, you guys do that. And so what do I spend my time doing? Well, in I'm in my unique ability. Now I had, I had all the primary attendees fill out a form of you know, like, what are your knowledge areas and what niches are you, you know, have you lived in and you know, and all that kind of stuff, right? And it all points to, you know, your $1,000 an hour skills. And mine are different than yours, which are different than yours, you know, but mine are writing, teaching, coaching, you know, if I'm, you know, doing meetings like this, this is what I should be doing. Good grief if I'm messing with HTML, what a friggin waste, right? I can't help you if I'm doing that. So you'll really, I've really felt the news come off my neck in the last six months, especially, you know, got rid of a couple staff members that weren't performing, replaced them with better ones. All of a sudden, what's starting to happen is all the money that comes into the business isn't a direct result of something that I had to do last week. And that's really, that's really nice, because a personality info business is a golden squirrel case. It's nice. And, you know, there's applause and all, but it's still a job, yeah? And you still have to show up, you know, and you have to be at the meeting whether you want to be there or not, and you have to write the copy, whether you want to or not, and see you want to get to where you're in your creative zone of really doing what you like, and you're not, right?

Speaker 2  33:37
So, I mean, the other challenge, though, is like a person like a jack, there's not that many people like that, because it's such a weird skill set, right? So where do I go looking for someone like that? I think you're wrong. It's lots and lots. You think so? Yeah, I think so. And if you get

Speaker 3  33:52
the right person, if they're lacking in skills in one area, there'll be more than China, sure. I think there's a million good

Unknown Speaker  33:59
people. Yeah, yes. Well, you gotta go looking for,

Speaker 2  34:02
well, here's the thing, like a guy, like, we're talking about really specialized stuff, like someone who can go in and set up an opt in form and infusion, somebody who can go to GoToWebinar, somebody who can set up an instant

Speaker 4  34:14
tele looking too far, I think your what should be right in front of your neck, in front of your nose, should be the person that's going to take the weight off your your back, and then

Speaker 2  34:23
huge chunk of my ways is putting around with all these crazy software programs that we use. It's not that somebody couldn't learn it. I mean, I've learned them, but it's a six month learning curve for all this stuff that we use. I could do it a lot. How much you want to

Speaker 1  34:41
be well, well, that's that's not it. That's

Speaker 5  34:47
right, yeah, although I need to get a couple of Operation managers in place to free up some of my time as well, half the people.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai