Matthias Miller  00:00
Yeah. Hello. Is this Thomas? Yeah, it is, yeah. This is Matt calling. How are you doing good? And you Yeah, doing good, yeah. Well, I just wanted to find out a little bit more about what you guys are up to over there and how things are going for you, and happy to share a little bit about what, what we what we do as well.

Speaker 1  00:33
So are you guys, are you guys, like a marketing agency, or are you a like, new build sheds, what's

Matthias Miller  00:39
Yeah, so a little bit Sure. So we we cover most things related to revenue generation. So marketing. We do have a marketing agency. We do sales training, and depending on scale, sales management placement and also kind of end to end Business Management dashboards. But the goal, the primary goal, is we build out these different systems in the various stages and just implementing the places where implementing them, wherever things need to be shored up, with the goal of making it kind of a profitable partnership style arrangement.

Speaker 1  01:36
Okay, I get so digital marketing game, already taken care of in that aspect. What, I guess, what out outside of that, you know, what? What do you guys have to offer? Because that that wouldn't be something I'm interested in whatsoever. Into terms of, you said sales training, which, I mean, that doesn't that, that doesn't really, I guess, interest me. I mean, I'm, I stay about 90 days booked out, so I don't think, yeah, I mean, it's not, to say that there's not always room for improvement, but I think I'm I'm good there. What else outside of those two things do you guys do? Well,

Matthias Miller  02:31
let's take a step back and what's what? What do you think is the biggest What's the biggest thing that well, I guess two questions, first, are you looking to grow? And what's the biggest thing that's getting standing between you and there?

Speaker 1  02:47
Yeah, absolutely. I think my biggest thing, like, I'm a one man operation, so I can only, you know myself. I can only do so much, I only have so much time. So I've hired people. I've hired people, you know, I have had help, and it's just, I don't know. I just haven't found the the right person in the right team yet. I also, I also operate another business outside of shed. So

Unknown Speaker  03:26
I have to, I have to kind of juggle both things. But I'm not really interested in being hands off with sheds, not at this point, you know, maybe in the future, if I had, you know, a full team that I could, you know,

Speaker 1  03:46
count on and trust to do it without me being there and just do kind of, you know, that would be great. But I'm not, I'm not at that point, you know, in terms of seeing more, I guess, trust, it would take me. It would take me a while to, I guess, someone you know, independent of myself, you know, without, without being there full time, right? And, and if I'm, if I'm going to be there full time. I don't necessarily need the team. You know what I mean? Yeah, I mean, one or two people helping, that would be great. But if I'm going to have to be there to to Overwatch and manage the entire time there's I might as well swing the hammer myself, right?

Matthias Miller  04:39
So are you more interested in the building side, manufacturing side or on the sales side of things?

Speaker 1  04:49
I enjoy both, but I do. I have the volume to like I said, I stay about. For six, eight weeks, you know, somewhere in there booked out. So I have the volume to stay busy, but I don't have the volume to say that I do nothing but sales. You know. You know, I could go. I could go a week, I could go two weeks. I could go a month without a new lead or a new Closing sale. But being, you know, being booked out a minute, it's okay, you know, if I do go two weeks without a lead, it's fine. It's not like I'm, you know, need to schedule something for next week. So if I was, you know, if I was in a different position, and, yeah, I would be more apt to push harder for leads, right? But, I mean, I don't, until I had a team, you know, that I could be completely hands off with construction. There's no real need for full time sales. Because, like I said, I mean, I can have a dry spell of two or three weeks, and then I could have three that book in the same week. It's kind of kind of unpredictable, but it's, like I said, it's enough to keep me busy. So that unpredictability is, odd, I guess,

Matthias Miller  06:24
right? It's kind of like the, it's, it's the little, little spot where it's a bit of a dive to bring somebody on. It's actually sounds like it's kind of comfortable right now, actually. And it's a little bit of a of a step to bring somebody on, and then you're gonna have the commitment of keeping keeping them busy.

Speaker 1  06:48
I'm I'm not necessarily, like, I'm not opposed at all to bringing someone on, like I said. I've, I've hired and fired multiple people. So I'm not at all opposed to having help or finding help I just haven't found Yeah, yeah. So yeah, yeah. I mean, if I do come across that person, or people that I can, you know, know, and trust and count on, yeah, I would love to, you know, move into being more of a manager, but in terms of being comfortable, yeah, I'm comfortable. I don't have to kill myself in terms of, you know, working seven days a week, you know what? What I've got keeps me comfortable in terms of calendar Outlook, you know, I don't, I don't have to worry where, you know, the lots are going to get paid at the end of the month. So, yeah. I mean, I guess you could say, Yeah, I'm comfortable where I'm at, but, I mean, I'm always 100% always open to growth. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  07:56
all right, so, and I genuinely don't know if I can, I can help you with this, and I'm happy to put some thought into it and get back to you. Sounds to me, if I could have a perfect dream scenario for you, would be a sidekick that can actually help swing the hammer, reliable shows up every day. Just wants to go do the work. Has a work ethic, attention to detail, everything that's required. And if you were to do that, you can shorten your 90 days a little bit. They can keep working while you take sales calls. And you can it kind of be the thing that could help, kind of get you to the next

Speaker 1  08:37
if I could find somebody, not necessarily team, but just one person that could be with me, you know, every day of the week, and if I do need to step away for a phone call or whatever, that doesn't that doesn't necessarily translate to work stopping completely. That would be great, because, like throughout the day, between both businesses, I may spend hour, two hours, maybe, you know, 10 minutes at a time. You know, 10 times a day that adds up to, you know, to work, work time lost. So, yeah, I mean, if, if I could find some, you know, one person even just to continue working while I handle, you know, XYZ, that would be, that would be great.

Matthias Miller  09:28
All right, well, I'm not, I'm not about to promise something I can deliver on. I I'm willing to, if you're open to this, I'm willing to put some thought into it, maybe, maybe we've never specifically looked into hiring processes, especially on the on the building side, but I got friends, I got connections, and happy to ask around a little bit and and see if anything shows up. I.

Unknown Speaker  10:00
Um, question, where, like, where are you guys based out

Matthias Miller  10:02
of? We're based out of Colorado,

Speaker 1  10:06
okay, I wasn't familiar with the area code. What is your like, in terms of, like, ROI, with what you guys provide, if you know, if it's historical on and I can find the help that I need to increase, you know, booking capacity. What does your ROI like? What's your expected ROI? Well, why don't you guys provide what

Matthias Miller  10:37
we're okay, I I say absolute minimum. And this is pretty modest, but absolute, absolute minimum, I'm hoping that you get $2 back for every dollar you spend with us and and that's, you know, but, but we have internal goals. We're aiming for higher than that. So we have intentionally scaled back our fees. So I'm we're gonna find out if we're absolutely crazy with this stuff, to be completely honest. But if you read on the on my website a bit, you know, we I went from the ran in the Gobi expensive crowd for a while and and just saw wildly varying results, and said, I want to tie more accountability back to ROI. And so we've, we've scaled back some of our fees for, you know, smaller operations that we can. And the goal is we're not here to suck you dry this. This should be a good long term partnership. It should be profitable for you. Should be profitable for us, and that's what we're after, right? So we'll see if we're crazy with it. But that kind of gives you a baseline, what we're shooting for, kind of minimum standard. But we do, we do our internal, internal goal is for a higher than that. And I'm talking not just be completely clear. I don't think I have to explain myself, but we're not talking revenue based on shed sold. We're talking net, net profit that, you know, stuff running back in your pocket. So, yeah,

Speaker 1  12:19
what in terms of, you know, advertising, what does that look like? Are you are you guys just setting up like ads, you know, click funnels, stuff like that. Like, what is your I guess, what your approach? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  12:39
our approach, we typically encourage people to go over to facebook if they can. Well, I guess affordability is actually pretty similar, but sorry, we encourage people to go over to Google. You have higher intent leads pay for advertising over there and like through LSAs, through through search, paid search, yeah, and then yeah. I mean, in our experience, that's where you see the highest buying intent. It's more expensive per lead, but higher buying intent, right? Once you max that out, looking to grow go to Facebook, there are times when folks just don't have a budget to even put into into a website at all. We can throw up a landing page, like you said, kind of a click funnel style on Google, but or folks who have websites in the works and they just need to get stuff cranking we we do Facebook, Facebook as well, and the story basically there is cheaper leads, more leads, generally lower quality. You just got to work and be proactive.

Matthias Miller  13:52
We have also, we do have a Facebook marketplace for people wanting to put in the sweat equity. It's a it's it's work straight up, honest. But it's sweat, not dollars and so we've, we also do share, I mean, yeah, basically give it away for people to do a leg up Facebook marketplace strategy,

Speaker 1  14:17
yeah. I mean that I have, I have booked a few through marketplace, but that may be something that I'm interested in, because it's kind of, I don't know, even, even with the time that I've invested in, it just doesn't seem and I mean, maybe that's just The nature of the beast, that it's not as, I guess, beneficial, or, you know, the ROI is not there versus everything else. But really been impressed. And I don't know, I don't know what the what the issue is. It's not like I've i. Haven't done any testing or anything like that. You know, with different ads, different style ads, different copy stuff like that. So that may be something I'm interested in.

Matthias Miller  15:09
Okay, yeah, I can. I can shoot over an email. If you text me an email address, I can shoot over an email with some of the info just real high level. It comes down to volume like it comes down. There's some things, attention grabbers, and, you know, video, put video on it. Facebook likes that. And then when somebody responds, get them on a call just as soon as you can, or try to set an appointment with them if you got a lot or something. And if they're not willing to get on a collar a lot, they're, they're not, they're a tire kicker, like, just, I mean, from what we've seen, just, just move on. It's kind of the easiest way to deal with the flood of flood of messages. People just click the button and say, Hey, is this available? Right?

Speaker 1  15:56
Yeah. So yeah. And that's, I mean, that's usually what I've usually what it turns into. So that may be, I mean, that may be where I drop the ball is, is not being, you know, they send me an automated message. I send them automated reply. And that's usually the end of because it's, it's not really worth my time to deal with that. So that may be, you know, that may be the downfall there, you know, my my downfall there. I don't, I don't really put any effort into it in terms of content, contact, or anything like that. I just, I just kind of give them back what they gave me to to start with, yeah,

Matthias Miller  16:43
yeah, yeah. All right. Well, let me, let me send, I'll send over the Facebook marketplace. It's a document. I am looking for somebody. I'll probably reach out to some of the folks that I've handed this out to. We are looking for somebody who can, well, I'll tell you this. We're exploring a marketplace listing tool that gives you the text to put into the into the listing for you, just to help save time and and all that. So if you pre written copy, yeah, pre written copy, yeah. Okay, gotcha. So if that's something that's of interest to you and you, I mean, we are looking for somebody, it's totally cool. If it's not the thing for you, it's, I think it's a lot of work, but it's people who take it seriously. Have seen, I mean, different people have different standards for what's a great year, but I've seen dealers hitting well past a million, using mostly Facebook or using the good bit coming from Facebook marketplace. But it's work, right? I'm not gonna lie.

Speaker 1  17:52
Yeah. I mean, that's another thing. If I had, you know, if I had the team or the people to to get me out of swinging a hammer, yeah, I could, I could spend that hour that I, you know, spend on a phone posting on marketplace. So,

Matthias Miller  18:06
yeah, totally alright. Well, let me, let me send over. Oh, go ahead. No, keep going. Sorry,

Speaker 1  18:13
no, I was going to say, but, I mean, yes, if there's, I'm, I'm 100% open to anything that you know I feel will help. It's just my marketing guys already. I mean, I'm, I'm 100% happy with him. So unfortunately, that wouldn't be something I'm interested in. But other things, I'm 100% on board.

Matthias Miller  18:41
Yeah, cool, makes sense. Well, we're not, we're not here. I decided to let it go that it's, it's, there's not a lot of use disrupting what's working well, and so I'd rather supplement and and come alongside than try to elbow other people out. So totally, totally get where you come from. Um, good. Well, let me, let me send that if you want to, if you if you can just text your email back to this, this number, that might be the easiest way. And I'll shoot over the Facebook marketplace thing, and I'll look around as far as resources, find it, find a rock solid person to

Unknown Speaker  19:22
Okay. All right. Well, I appreciate.

Matthias Miller  19:24
All right. Sounds good. Thank you as

Unknown Speaker  19:27
well. All right. Thanks, sir.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai