Speaker 1  00:26
Hey, hey, hey, hey, I am going to have to be driving, but I can talk while I am flying along. All right.

Matthias Miller  00:35
Well, that works, so I did some case study calls today, which actually reminds me to note to self, I know companies that are down from last year, and they'd be great people to do cold outreach for the case study, for the industry report. One of them, one of them is interested in sales management. I have half a notion to go back to. I don't know this is, I don't know if I should on this one, but with that one, come up with some kind of like one. I know this is, maybe I'm going too cheap, but one to 2k a month base retainer with upside, a bunch of both, and it's perfect for for plugging in my OBD and having tools on the back end to automate the the sales process or the management process. And he wants references and all this other kinds of stuff, the sort of some of the other leads. I don't know if my stuff about Kevin made any sense. I did not when I talked to him first time, I thought he was just kind of a tire kicker. He's a loan officer. I think he's legit. He literally is used to working on commission everywhere, and he's not used to putting out money. And this Casey guy is willing to test ads on his own dime, which I doubt we would have been willing to do. But maybe I don't know, and I instinctively, I think he's gonna end up working with Casey long term, but I don't really know how that's how that's gonna pan out. It'll

Speaker 1  02:39
pan out just fine unless Casey fails, it'll pan out fine for Casey, and he'll end up working with Casey unless Casey fails, right? And

Matthias Miller  02:51
I think it's unlikely that Casey will, but who knows? So that's an interesting data point. Um, also, I talked to a lady who does not believe in online advertising. It's part of the case study, and she does dealer training, sales training, and was just ranting about how nobody knows how to sell, rent to own. Nobody knows how to explain it. Nobody knows how to explain cash, purchases, all this stuff. So that could be a lead magnet. Get my friend in the RTO industry to do a training. Say, Hey guys, can we train you on RTO? So

Speaker 1  03:43
I'm curious. So the lady you're talking about that was kind of having a cow. There is she willing to do training?

Matthias Miller  03:53
She is, do you think we should i She's a little I'm not quite sure. I would like to ask around to find out what she's really like. What do you ask?

Speaker 1  04:13
Just being an opportunist, like, if you know it's there's a chance she's just running her mouth. There's also a chance that I run into people like this every once in a while, who are who, you know, do in any industry, not sheds, who do the whole I don't believe in online. I don't want to do SEO, I don't want to pay Google. I want to run a good business. And, you know, the thing is, is they actually, apparently, make it work, like they're actually getting customers running business without an online anything. And if nothing else, that's a source of curiosity to me, right? And so like, if by some sense, this lady's like a good old classic, real deal and has something legitimate. Jenny. When to say about it, that would be kind of a unique opportunity.

Matthias Miller  05:05
So she is. She does consulting already, and she's gunning to be the first nationwide dealer,

Unknown Speaker  05:15
so or first nationwide, sorry, dealer for

Matthias Miller  05:18
who's first Well, I mean, it's gonna be a bunch of companies, because you can't, you have to manufacture locally for her own brand. Got it? I would. So I guess I'm not quite sure where you're wondering if we can hire her to train us, or if we could say, can we push you leads and you close and we do a revenue share or something?

Speaker 1  05:46
I'm confused how push her leads would work if she just rejected leads out of hand, but what I was

Matthias Miller  05:51
no no push her dealers or I don't know what I mean

Speaker 1  05:55
it for. So to clarify, it's open ended, because I'm literally being opportunistic. But I'm just wondering if she has a skill to close, like she's, you know, I kind of take what your recap of what she said to me, like, nobody needs those marketers just sell better, right? I know that's not quite apples to apples, but kind of right. And then she goes on this little tear about, nobody knows how to sell. It's kind of like, oh, okay, wow, if, if, by chance, you're right. I mean, she's not right total. But you know, within her little silo, if you're that good at sales, that you don't even need marketing and leads, then please spill the beans. And what we do with the beans once they've been spilled, I don't know. We work them into our own system or something, and we use it to teach in a 21 day sprint or whatever. But I'd like to know what that magic sauce she has is, if she actually does have some, because I think we can leverage it somehow.

Matthias Miller  06:56
Well, I think fundamentally, this is my perspective. I think fundamentally, there's a different I think with online sales, you build trust through your business, you do business, and therefore you build trust. And with most of the dealers, it's you build a friendship, and then you and then you do business out of the friendship,

Unknown Speaker  07:20
kind of like that referral game. It's

Matthias Miller  07:23
almost like, yeah, like a referral, like it's anybody who's gung ho in referrals is probably gung ho in the dealer model, generally, not anyone, but it leans that way.

Speaker 1  07:36
I'm curious, so she, I might be getting hung up over the word dealer. So she is a dealer, but she gets her referrals from other dealers.

Matthias Miller  07:45
No, she is a dealer. She has two locations. She wants to go nationwide. She's partnered with a guy who is really unsung business practices that I know from private conversations behind stores and and she's part of BNI and other types of things like that. And she also consults with dealers on sales. He trains them on sales, whatever she thinks her magic sauce is, yeah. So that's who she is in a nutshell. So maybe where I'm tapping the brakes a little bit is, hey, I don't, okay. First of all, I don't, I don't think I'm going to do business with Lady if we can take her training. You know, welcome to the copy and paste industry. Like, like, once you get the business of copying other people's changes,

Speaker 1  08:49
do you want to get into the business of copying and pasting? Absolutely, yes, that's called efficiency. But maybe I'm not understanding the way you're looking at that, like if we Okay, let me take this and are you able to hear me? Okay? It's you know that the audio is breaking up a little again. Um, okay, pause, pause for just one moment. I'm gonna come right back to you. 30 seconds. Okay? You

Speaker 1  10:00
Uh, sorry about that. So I think what you asked was, uh, you're correct that we're not going to sell this lady, the same thing we're trying to sell everyone else because she's not interested. I'm thinking that she may she's a maverick, she's an odd one, but she might have something that other people don't have. That's a value, if there is some way to get that value from her, whether that means we, you know, ask for a consulting session, or pair her up with somebody who can learn from her and then tell us what she said, or work it into a workshop. I don't know. I don't know, just, it's just possibilities, but then, but then you said, Do I want to be in the copy and paste business? And I think what you mean is, do you want to take from other people and simply regurgitate it to our our clients. And the short answer is yes, because we want to take the worst thing in the world is constantly reinventing the new wheel for a new niche and a new client every day, which is pretty much what I do with my life, and I hate it. I want to have campaigns, funnels, workshops, training, that work fundamentally and leverage it to the extreme. And that does literally mean, uh, when seen from a certain perspective, yes, that's copy and paste. You take the good thing and you distribute it for pay as far and wide as you can, and then why not improve that good thing? And if, if getting info out of a maverick like her is what makes us better than why not try Right, right? Does that answer the question or did I answer the wrong question? No, okay,

Matthias Miller  11:54
that's fair. So then there's two questions. One, I mean, probably what makes me sleep the best at night is saying, just being out front being like, Hey, look. Well, I would love to learn from you. By extension, it means I expect competitors to come take our training and courses, which means, what is the moat? If we actually do that. But then, you know, like, what would we have to pay you to teach us everything that you know and you not feel bad about it?

Speaker 1  12:34
Yeah, I think you're picturing solving the Rubik's cube, and I'm still trying to figure out how to get my checkerboard lay down on the table. I know I didn't mean to manipulate her at all like, literally tell her like, and obviously she might say no, but literally tell her like, we're doing X you don't want you're already better. No,

Matthias Miller  13:02
all right. We think the future is online, sales,

Speaker 1  13:10
testing, testing the audio. Are we here? Are you there? Yes, yes, yes, yes, and yes, could be could be you. I can't tell you. I can hear you. I can hear me now. Okay, so I heard you say, oh, and they didn't hear anything else until just then. All right,

Matthias Miller  13:24
here's the basic spiel, dear Susan. You think online marketers are a bunch of crooks and schleps, and you're might be right, but we are gung ho about online marketing, and it's at least work for the people we've worked with

Speaker 1  13:44
almost almost more like we're gung ho about delivering real results. You have something we don't have.

Matthias Miller  13:55
And would you be open to I'm trying to get the angle of without lying about it, putting down the oh, here's our competitor, and maybe I'm overthinking it, but we think he might have something that we don't. Could we learn from you

Speaker 1  14:13
exactly as long as it's under the weird shed dealer so we're not her direct competitor, unless he's a consultant. I'm assuming she's a seller, an actual seller.

Matthias Miller  14:27
I said, I said, she is a consultant.

Speaker 1  14:32
She's not our direct competitor. She is a consultant. Audio, again, you there? Yes. Are we her direct competitor?

Matthias Miller  14:43
Yeah, well, I mean, close. I This must have gotten missed. I did say she does consult with dealers on sales training, but

Speaker 1  14:52
like, every once in a while when they ask or she's

Matthias Miller  14:58
talking, not all, I don't know if it's all the time. Bread and butter. I don't know what percentage of business it is, but she's talked to hundreds, she says, and she's worked for at least regional companies, with their with their teams. So,

Speaker 1  15:14
okay, yeah, I don't know. It's a How are you talking to or with a text message or phone call or what I had a phone call today. I just like, I think you should dial this down from nine to two. Just like, Hey, Susan, here's what we do. We're just simply curious, if maybe you actually know something we don't know, can we pay you to talk about it? And if you've already said, here's what we do, then she she can decide for herself whether or not she wants to say, Yes,

Matthias Miller  15:45
right?

Speaker 1  15:49
All right. I just, I think it's fairly simple and straightforward. We're doing X, including selling leads. You clearly don't want the leads. That's fine. You clearly think that you have skills that are so good. And I don't mean this antagonistically, and I'm actually over complexifying it, like you think you have skills that are so good that you don't need leads. And if you do that would be, you know, like, congratulations, you're the grand champion Olympic, Olympic gold medal winner of shed selling, to be able to actually do sales with no leads. And we're really curious about that. Can I Right? Yeah, worst you can do is say No, right, yeah, yep. That other bit about other people are going to do that to us too. Yeah, I'm sure they will. I don't care.

Matthias Miller  16:32
Well, if we're transparent, that's what I care about,

Speaker 1  16:36
yeah, yeah. And hopefully it'll be the same, well, somebody will tell us, hey, Matthias, I want to La, la, la, la. And then that, literally, that just becomes a partnership opportunity, right? Yeah, somebody, if somebody comes to us and says, we want to copy your ads and your funnel and your site and your marketing and your training and sell it to my people, we can be like, whoa. Hold on a minute. Let's work together. Yep, okay, I like it. Obviously it's not the prime concern of the day, but I think you're like, Okay, well, I thought about it for a minute, and I just wonder if you've got something from you of value. I like it. Cool, cool. Okay, what became of the Georgia lady? I think her name was Holly, so

Matthias Miller  17:27
she said she wants to she's taking classes so she knows what to do. Sure.

Speaker 1  17:35
Are you here? I'm here again. Now, yes, I don't know what she's happening. Can I call yourself? Yes, please, okay, please do.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai