Matthias Miller  00:03
Hello. Hello, Susan, how are you?

Unknown Speaker  00:06
I'm good,

Matthias Miller  00:09
good to talk to you. How are you doing? I'm doing great. I'm sorry. I you know, I'm sure you run into this as well, but Managing Schedules and phone calls and appointments gets a little tricky sometimes.

Unknown Speaker  00:21
Oh yes, yep, oh

Matthias Miller  00:25
yes, yeah. So you're down in in Arizona.

Speaker 1  00:30
So I have a lot in Easley, South Carolina, but I live in Arizona. We have a lot here too, and we're actually going nationwide with our dealerships. Okay, yeah, yeah,

Matthias Miller  00:44
yeah. I mean, I guess Thanks for Thanks for responding. And this is, I mean, it's pretty wide open. There's no right or wrong answers. I guess, just for the sake of the report I'm looking together, I'd be curious to hear from you. Well, sorry. One other thing I want to just reiterate. I want to keep this private and confidential, and I'll give you a chance to review anything before it goes out, just to make sure none of that gets gets violated.

Speaker 1  01:15
Right, right, of course. And what exactly are you working on? Tell me, yeah.

Matthias Miller  01:21
So, I mean, I wanted to just, it's been interesting to observe all the different feedback, different people like Brandon commented on my post and like, he's got his opinion about state of the industry. And then other folks are talking to somebody a couple weeks ago. They're like, we were down 64% I'm like,

Speaker 1  01:39
yeah, yeah. Up. Dealers are down, but most dealers don't have proper training either. They just don't know they don't have proper training. Yeah, it's crazy.

Matthias Miller  01:52
So in specifically, proper sales training,

Speaker 1  01:57
well, yeah, because I mean my, I mean I'm a dealer, but I I spend probably half my time training other dealers, just with any company, anybody who wants help. And it just, I see the same thing over and over and over. You know, in the end, it's just into it's just interesting in the industry. It's the same issues, no matter where I go. And if I talk to 10 dealers, the one that's succeeding is one that's been properly trained. It's just, I mean, cause and effect. You know, people think they know everything, and then they don't know what they don't know. Crazy, yeah,

Matthias Miller  02:33
yeah. Makes makes sense. Do you like with with your with your model? Are you guys running online, online marketing for your locations?

Speaker 1  02:46
No, it No, we're not, because we found that. I mean, I send 10s of 1000s of dollars and I got 1000s of leads, and we didn't sell one of them. You know, we do organic pose. You know, there's five of us that work at Phoenix. We're all posting, and we get leads, and it's the same sales people that were calling on the paid leads, and they're selling the organic ones. It's really interesting. So, yeah, boy, I learned my lesson on that. It just, you know, it sounds fine and dandy, but we gave our website, you know, said geek marketing was doing it and get it back. Was an absolute nightmare. Yeah, I learned, I learned a expensive lesson in that.

Matthias Miller  03:32
So what, what was your, I guess, what was your process like with the online leads that you were getting in?

Speaker 1  03:38
So, you know, they went into, we had the high level CRM. So they, you know, they put together all the ads in the post. So I don't know the ads for, you know, if people were most and so they'd go into the CRM, and we'd, we'd call, call them right away, text them, send them a nice email, you know, following, you know, what was recommended. And quite honestly, it's, I've talked to other people in the industry, and a lot of them are having the same results that we did. And it's like, you know, there was no return on investment, none. And it was, you know, I don't know if it was because the ads weren't were ineffective. I don't know if it was hitting people who literally, were not actually interested in a shed. Because I don't think people scrolling on Facebook, for example, or sitting there going, you know, I want to buy a shed today. Most of our, most of our people who buy are like, Oh yeah, I've seen you all over to the internet for, you know, a long time, and you know, your your name came to mind when we were ready to buy a shed. So I Yeah, you know, most of the people that we contacted through there were like, oh, take me, you know, take my name off your list. And it was like, Well, I don't know where, I don't know where the disconnect was, but it was an absolute waste of money for

Matthias Miller  04:58
us. I'm sorry. So the other folks who had trouble with it, were they with other marketing companies too? Or was that specifically other other people using shed deep

Speaker 1  05:06
marketing? Or what was that? No, we only did it through shed geek marketing, but

Matthias Miller  05:10
you mentioned you've talked to other people who who were having trouble. Oh,

Speaker 1  05:13
yeah, no, I've talked to a couple other people that have that are having the same results. So, you know, I don't know if they're going to stick it out and keep trying. Or, you know, when I get the reasoning, well, it must be your sales people. Well, really, well, that's interesting, because they're, they're calling people you know, that have reached out to us through an organic post and selling them. So why? Why would I think it was the sales people, you know? I think it was, I don't know, you know, so very, very expensive lesson learned. Oh,

Matthias Miller  05:45
for sure, for sure. Just out of curiosity, how many times did you guys reach out to those online leads? Was it? Was it one? Oh,

Speaker 1  05:52
my God, oh no, no, no, no. We had a scheduled thing. And, I mean, we reached out until they said no. And I don't, you know, wasn't like we were calling them every single day. It was the, you know, what was suggested to us, that it was like, Sure, you know, there, there's a difference between being a good shed sales person and being a good person putting together a website. It doesn't just because you're good at one doesn't mean you'll be good at another. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So yeah, there was a lot of things. I mean, there was one day I was reviewing my website, and I used to live up by Seattle, so I get get that. But there was all over my website that they had put together. It said Seattle market, Seattle market, Seattle market. And when I called them and we had a zoom call, not one person that worked there could explain to me how, how all that Seattle stuff got into there. Why didn't you I didn't even have any access to it. So, yeah, it was a nightmare. It was a very expensive nightmare, is what it was. Oh, for

Matthias Miller  06:52
sure. So then you just, you, you just do organic posts like Facebook marketplace and, you know, those that type of, yeah, do a

Speaker 1  07:01
little bit of offer up Craigslist. I mean, I'm in a ton of networking groups, so that really works good with, you know, referrals and getting our name out right.

Matthias Miller  07:17
And then, I mean, as far as you guys, you guys get, were you guys able to hold city last year or grow last year? Or what was that like for you guys? So

Speaker 1  07:25
we, we had an interesting year last year, because what happened was, so I had lots in Washington State, and I had lots in Arizona, and that's when I still lived in Washington, and I had a lot manager that ran each lot. Every one of our lots did over a million dollars here open five days a week with a lot, with the lot manager, I told my Washington, what is happening there? Sounds like you're doing construction. I'm

Matthias Miller  07:50
sorry. I read the paper talent. It came through kind of loud. So, oh,

Speaker 1  07:58
so I ended up selling my business in Washington, and I sold there. I mean, I basically sold the processes. We didn't own the buildings. We didn't, you know, we owned our office building, and that was included, but we didn't own the property, and we didn't sell the shed. Gal name the guy who bought that, he's doing really good. He's still in Washington. Then I sold the Arizona business two years ago June, and that the guys that bought it ran it into the ground. So last year, the beginning of the year, I decided that I was going to revamp and we were going to do huge shed gal lots. We worked on that all year. So I took over a big lot in Easley, South Carolina, August 1. And then in was it September, I think we opened up on our old Phoenix lot, a small lot, and we're going to be on a three acre lot just south of where we are now, in just few weeks. So we're bringing in a lot more products, and the Mexican metal art and Hollywood furniture, and we have play sets and shipping containers and a shipping container pool and a shipping container tiny home. And so, you know, we're not, you know, we're not your average dealer. But no, there's never been another dealer that's gone nationwide ever, right, right? So, yeah, yeah. So I didn't, so we didn't see a decline last year, but it was, you know, it was revamping everything, and we were doing most everything online up until we reopen the Phoenix lot,

Matthias Miller  09:23
sure, sure, interesting.

Speaker 1  09:35
You know, I just, I just submitted an article yesterday for the for the shed shed magazine. And, you know, it's on training, and it's a basic, high level overview that probably every dealer has heard. And I said to them, if you really want to make an impact, we need to make this a series, and make it a series of, well, here's some action steps to take, because people don't know, right? I mean, I I've gone to shed lots all over the kind. Country, and, you know, I walk in and or, you know, no one comes out to greet me. And, you know, I mean, it's just so funny that they don't know, because no one said to him, Get off your buns and get out there and greet your customer. Because they don't know. They'll say, Oh, well, someone told me to just, you know, if they're interested, they'll come in the office. Well, that's not true. In most cases, they won't they think you're ignoring them,

Matthias Miller  10:24
right? What's the out of curiosity? I mean, I've seen companies do well with with online. I've also seen companies not, yeah, but what do you think is different between I've been curious about what makes a good dealer, or, you know, what, what attract, what kind of person is attracted to being a dealer, and then, and what's the kind of person who just knocks it out of the park as

Speaker 1  10:52
one? Yeah, well, I think historically in our industry, you know, this isn't an old industry, it's a fairly new industry, and you know, you have these manufacturers that are great at doing what they do. And you know, hey, there's a realtor office that the person's realtor, let's put some sheds up on their extra property. Let's give them no training, and now they're a dealer. Those days are those days are gone, and those dealers are struggling. I think what makes a great dealer is personality and being willing to learn and step out, step outside the box. I mean, I if you saw my post yesterday that I put on my schedule page, and I put on my personal page, and it's literally set it's a picture of a bit Moji of me spitting out coffee, you know. And I put in there if you need a place to store your crap. I mean, stuff that's really outside the I think the people that are doing the most business across the country in sheds do things differently, right? They do it they do it differently. I just did a training recently with 20 dealers. Some of them have been dealers for five or six or seven years. There wasn't one that could explain to me a rent to own contract. There wasn't one in that group that could explain to me a purchase outright contract. No one had ever gone through it with them, which means never have they ever gone through it with the customer. Instead, it's been signed here. Sign here. Sign here. The dealers that get the most referrals and don't have to work as hard to get business like myself are the ones that train their team to take the time. It's not just a transaction, it's developing a relationship. I mean, if I'm writing a $10,000 check to someone, you know, I don't expect that the transaction be done in two minutes, right? You know?

Matthias Miller  12:45
Yeah, I mean, that makes, that makes sense, and I've seen that consistently across the board. Because you're and I'm curious if you've seen this, the folks doing well in online sales are, they tend to be more down to business. And we're going to build a relationship through business. And the folks doing well in the dealer model, it's, we're here to be friends, and business comes out of our friend,

Speaker 1  13:10
right? Is that a fair? Yeah, online, obviously, is, is more transactional. I mean, during COVID, I sold a ton of sheds and metal buildings online. In fact, most, I mean, there was one month, we did $330,000 in metal buildings and $700,000 in sheds in one month, and most of them were over the phone. They were very, very transactional. And it's interesting, we didn't get nearly the amount of referrals from those people as we have gotten before COVID And after COVID from the ones that we spend the time with. But I think, you know, dealers, especially in the metal building industry. Well, sheds too. Someone calls, you know, hey, you know, this is Joe sheds. How can I help you? Yeah, I'd like to get a quote on a building. Great. What size you want? 10 by 12. Okay, great. Well, I got a 10 by 12 here. You know, double wood doors and, you know, it's $5,400 you know. How about asking what the person's name is? How about asking where, where it's going to be delivered? How about asking, What are you going to use it for? Most dealers? If you if most dealers do not do ask questions, it's just, you know, they think the person, oh, they're just calling because they want a price. Yeah, well, I can prove that's that's not true.

Matthias Miller  14:29
Prices, you and I know prices. Definitely know what you lead with,

Speaker 1  14:34
right, right, exactly. But, I mean, I've done, I've done test calls all over the country to, like, metal building dealers, and it absolutely and some of the biggest online dealers, and it is amazing to me, I haven't had one good call. And it's like, when I go in and I do these trainings, I'm like, Okay, we have customers that pay 34 3050, 80, 100 $150,000 for a metal building. And you you think that they want just a quick quote over the phone. That's an absolute insanity. That's not what they want. They want someone to take care of them and make sure that they're getting what they need, and make sure that they're being walked through the process. And you didn't even take the time to ask their name. You just gave them a quick quote. You know? It's, yeah, it's interesting. But, you know, I'm the, I'm not the normal shed industry person. I'm probably edgier than anybody else I've ever met in this industry, and I'm totally okay with that because I'm also successful.

Matthias Miller  15:39
No, that's, that's part of your, your personal brand, and part of what's making it work, right? Yeah, exactly. And there's a whole set of people that will, that want that and they can't find it anywhere else, so of course, you're gonna find it with Susan, right?

Unknown Speaker  15:53
Yeah, yeah. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  16:02
Makes sense. I mean, at the end of the day, sounds to me like, which is really, well, it sounds to me like what you're saying, especially on the training side, that it really, really, really comes down to salesmanship and sales skills and getting people equipped. And I mean, is that a fair it's a fair assessment.

Speaker 1  16:22
Oh, absolutely, absolutely. And it's, it's the craziest things, and it's one of the more well known companies about it's been about a year and a half ago. Was on a zoom call, and with, with most of their dealers nationwide, it was nationwide call. And you know, the person running the company says to the dealers, you know, someone jump in and explain to me how rent home works. How do you explain it to your customers? And a sales manager, you know, this is all taped. It was all done on Zoom. A sales manager jumps on. He goes, Well, you know, I was only a dealer for a short period of time, and I trained my dealers, and I told my customers that, you know, the fees on rent to own are to pay the dealers commission and to pay the drivers to deliver the building. And I mean, we're on a zoom call. My mouth dropped open, and I look over at Caitlin, my operations manager, and her mouth dropped open, and we were both like, okay, someone's gonna jump in here, right? You know? And the person, the buffoon running this company, says, hey, great job. You know, Brendan or Brandon. I can't remember what his name was. And I reached out to that sales manager, and I said, Hey, I have some really helpful information that I put together for my team. Would you like that? And he told me, no one has ever explained to me how Renton works. He's a Dane sales manager, and so part of the problem is these companies hire people based on who they know through church or someone they worked with at a TV station. That's a true story. You know, they hire people that are not qualified to be sales managers. They couldn't sell a shed if their life depended on it. Yet they're telling people how to sell sheds. And I'm telling you, those are the dealers that are struggling. Yeah, it's so frustrating to me, but it's also, you know, it's like, well, you know, I'm in Phoenix. There's 4.6 5 million people in Mike County. What do I care if there's not another decent, training dealer down here,

Matthias Miller  18:21
doesn't I mean, it's,

Speaker 1  18:24
but I do care. I do care. I mean, I do because I feel like there's enough business for everybody. But, you know, selfishly, it's like, well, what do you care if the person down the road doesn't know what they're doing

Matthias Miller  18:35
so well, yeah, and there's caring and there's then they also have to care at the same time. You can't, oh, absolutely,

Speaker 1  18:41
save the world for sure. Yeah. Oh, absolutely. And I've and if you, if you google how to sell a shed, and you just put that in Google, there's a video that was done three years ago on me up at one of my lots in Washington State. And I don't know, last time I checked it had like 330,000 views. I still get calls from that video with dealers, ask them for help. And, you know, I that's how I have literally worked with hundreds of dealers nationwide now, because, you know, I've never, ever had one that has said to me I had really good training, which, I mean, that's crazy. That's crazy. You know, handing you a few sheets of paper and well, here's your office. Good luck. Those are the ones struggling. Do

Matthias Miller  19:28
they Is there a difference between dealers that are that are succeeding, as far as leads and actually deal flow and getting your name out there, versus the ones who aren't?

Speaker 1  19:40
Oh, absolutely. If you, if you randomly went to 50 shed lots, you'll probably find that about 20% of them don't even have a banner up. You'll find that a lot of them are, let's just say, Graceland of Snohomish or or storm or, I'm not picking on. Company, I'm just saying, or store. More of you know, Phoenix, they don't have a brand. They don't have an identity. I don't, I don't know that. It's that, it's that they're not marketing or getting their cells out there. They don't have a name that people remember, and they haven't branded themselves. No one cares what company the shed golf sells through no one. Not one of our customers cares what company I represent. They read they they recommend the shed gal name. In fact, if I went and asked, you know, 20 of my people in BNI, what, what shed manufacturer I sell for, there's not one of them that could, could answer that, because I don't, I don't say we, you know, proudly represent five star sheds in Arizona. We proudly represent Willow lake in South Carolina, because no one cares. But the companies think it's a really these manufacturers that have never sold the building. They just are really good at building them. They think that they have to get their name out there. No one cares that it's a graceful building. No one cares if it's Stormer. No one cares if it's Willow lake. They care. And when I say no one, I don't mean 100% you know that there's an exception. But what they care about is, you know, people down here, they know the shed gal name, yeah, so they they know that we'll take care of them. So,

Matthias Miller  21:21
yeah, for sure, makes a lot of sense. Makes a lot of sense. All right, cool. Well,

Speaker 1  21:33
awesome. Well, good, good, good. It was absolutely great to talk to you.

Matthias Miller  21:37
Yeah, likewise, yeah. So I will, yeah, I'm not sure on the timeline. I'm gonna be putting this together into report, just different people's perspectives. Margie,

Speaker 1  21:46
then, yeah, absolutely, yeah, to read it. I can't wait to read it. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  21:52
good. Give me a chance to read it before it goes public. And yeah, well, good chatting if you ever need anything or, you know, feel free to reach out. I appreciate you.

Speaker 1  22:06
Yeah, absolutely, absolutely you have a wonderful day. All right,

Matthias Miller  22:10
thanks. You too. All right, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai