Matthias Miller  00:00
This. Kevin. Hey, Kevin. This is Matt Colin, Hello, yes, can you hear me? Yeah, I can hear you all right. Yeah. It's Matt Colin back, touching, yeah, go ahead.

Speaker 1  00:15
Yeah. So regarding the shed ties and like, Facebook marketing and all that. Yeah, we are going to try out a little so Casey's going to take over the back end stuff for us, and he he wants to try out some, some just basic boosts and posts, and then see not so much boost because I also talked to meta. Since you and I last spoke, meta is doing away with boosts very soon, if not already. So you're everything's not to be a paid ad. Now I think they move boosts over, because I just saw one of my personal posts on my personal Facebook feeds. Ah. So I don't really know like, what the meta guy was talking about. But anyways, I don't know what we're going to do about Google yet. If we're going to do any Google ad spend, or just how far and wide we're going to we're having incredible results initially from our first ad that they ran for us, just on the shuts. So, so we're kind of going to see that for a few, you know, few weeks, because he and the great thing, man, is I finally found someone that will work on based off their results. He's not asking for anything up

Matthias Miller  01:30
front. Casey isn't,

Speaker 1  01:33
yeah, so it's just a perfect fit for our scenario for right now. Yeah, totally

Matthias Miller  01:37
makes sense. Well, I mean, if he's willing to do that, you guys are getting good results. Nothing to complain about, yeah, so do you want me to I mean, if you do go down the Google route, what's your plan there?

Speaker 1  01:54
I don't know. We're going to see what happens with, you know, Facebook, because we don't really use Tiktok or any of the other social media outlets like, I mean, we don't even use really Instagram, so we might, I mean, I know to reach the younger crowd, you got to use some of that other trap, because a lot of them aren't even on Facebook. And we do want to sell buildings and tiny homes or whatever to younger people. So that'll be kind of, I guess, trial by error, but Google, I got to figure out how much I want to spend on that, because I've heard a lot of people make a lot of money off Google ads and Google advertising, I should say not Google ads, but Google, but putting their business on Google. So yeah, I mean, that'd be our next thing to

Matthias Miller  02:34
look at. Okay, are you looking for a complete working commission on that one as well?

Unknown Speaker  02:40
Looking for a complete what now work on

Matthias Miller  02:42
commission, on Google ads right now as well.

Speaker 1  02:45
Yeah, well, here's a he's not going to work on commission forever. He's just helping us out because he knows we're in a tough spot, and then once we see it working. But the other thing, and I think I told you this, he's also going to teach us, because the whole, I mean, I don't know that I'll be able to manage it like I want to, but at least if I needed to jump in there and do a like, I know what I'm doing and I know what I'm looking for, yeah, because right now I wouldn't know how to do one. So it's not so much commitment. Like, I don't mind paying someone. I just want to like, I told you like, I would love to see what you guys have done and who you've worked with, and what you've grown like, who you've grown from $500,000 a year in sales to 2.2 million. And that's just an example that, you know, but I, but I want to see that from people, not just tell me, Oh, here's here's our fee, and this is what we require, and we might, we may or may not get your sales right. So I mean, that's more of of what, of where the spirit of what I'm doing comes from. Because, you know, like I told you, being a loan officer full time, I don't get paid unless the deal goes through and my customer likes it. I can't just, you know, charge someone a couple points up front, if the deal closes, great if it doesn't. So I guess I'm just used to having to earn my pay. So yeah, I mean, but again, you know, you never had this conversation. I understand you guys have upfront costs as well. So yeah, I mean, we're gonna try this for a few weeks and just see where it goes from

Matthias Miller  04:18
there. Okay, sounds good. You good? If I check in in a few weeks, you see how it's going, okay, yeah, that's cool. Okay, sounds good. All right, thanks. Bye, bye, thanks. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai