Matthias Miller  00:05
All right, so I wanted to show you a little bit about what I'm doing with scraping, first the challenge, and then how to work around it. So here is a Facebook marketplace side note, this is why Holly isn't getting the leads that she needs. Because if you look at this post, how well it's done, great, outside picture, etc, etc. And I don't know if I can, I don't know that it's worth pulling up one of her posts, but her posts just simply do not compare. Now you'll notice here, so when you're scraping it, apparently only scrapes for a given location, like Hampton, Georgia. And you'll see up here that there's this number ID that ties out to this. So if I, if I go to New Hope Georgia, which I think is where Holly's at, something like that. You'll see, you know, right here this, this pops up. That's that. That is a location ID. Now, some of them have a vanity, like, if I go to Atlanta, big cities will have, like, a vanity where it just says, says Atlanta, and so in the scraper, and I go back into the input here, you'll see that it takes URLs for specific cities. So what I have, what I've been doing, is searching for sheds and storage buildings, and then filtering it down by both sold and like if I search, oops. Well, that's obviously misspelled, but no, it doesn't like me. Now, all right, for some reason, it won't let me it's it's locking me out now, for some reason. But anyway, you'll see the availability here, and you can change the availability to sold. Now the question is, how do you get these IDs? This is kind of the thing. I was banging my head against the wall and, well, it's actually quite easy. I started with one. So I just found new hope. And I started with the location ID, and I ran it. So that one was, let's go back to the runs. That one was this run right here, and you look at the output, and here's the output and what you can do. And it created a nifty spreadsheet to help with this. But you export the results, you say you want the location of vanity or ID URL as a CSV, and you download it, and I'm going to see if I could pop this open. Obviously, you're going to want to open this up in Excel or something like that, that you can. I can't. I'm going to rename it to a text file. See if I see if I can just open it in in the browser. So I have to change my my sharing stuff. So you can see, here's a list of all the IDs. You can see Atlanta, the Atlanta vanity URL showing up. So these are, these are all cities that are in proximity to there were listings in these cities specifically. So I took this, I created a nifty little, a little spreadsheet, so this is read only, do not edit. And what you do is you go into discovered locations and you paste that in there. And I just ignore the first row, and then, and then you put in the locations that you've already done. So in this case, we've done, this is the one for new hope. We've done that one that was the one that that's that is the one that kicked off all of these. So then it gives me these search terms, and I can basically just, I'm not sure if I can literally copy and paste. I think I actually might have just literally copied and pasted them out. So if I go over to runs, well, okay. I mean, you can see here, the input here, it's too large. Let's go into the task they have, like a bulk edit. And I just literally pasted all of that in here. And also note I did turn on deep scrape and profile URL, because I figured that's going to be useful at some point, and then I just save and run. And right now it's running. And I figure you probably actually don't have to run this that many times, but you just keep running, you know, let this run. Take all new location and vanity IDs that it found run it off of those. So next time you run, what we do is we would export and export this field. You would, you would take these the locations from last time, all of these guys, the locations from from last time, take these guys, move them a. Over into completed locations so that we don't scrape them again and and put the, put put the, put the the list from the latest export in here, and this will show up with the with all the unique, the new unique ones. So anyway, just wanted to share that with you and show you I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai