Matthias Miller  03:03
Jesse. Hello. Jesse, how are you. Good, how are you. Good. I'm scrambling a little bit. Hello, Jesse, how are you. Good, how are you. Good. I'm scrambling a little bit. This all happened way faster than I was mental. Hello, Jesse, how are you. Good, how are you. Good. I'm scrambling a little bit. This all happened way faster than I was mentally prepared for. Hello, But we're here. All right. Hello, integration. Hello, Jesse, how are you. Good, how are you. Good. I'm scrambling a little bit. This all happened way faster than I was mentally prepared for. we're here, all right. So we are. I have never done this before, so we're gonna figure this out myself. Currently. Okay, so the letter of authors, so you went through the form to initiate this. So basically you have your own moving out of a import, existing Twilio numbers into high level. This is what we want. I don't know. I can hang on. Where am I? Maybe that was the right one. That was the right one. I so we're going to agency, view settings, phone integration, all right, so we're going to go into, I'm so agency view settings, phone integration, agency settings and it's not connected to a connected to the LC phone system LC, phone, Twilio, import one account. Let's try again. Twilio, LC, phone.

Matthias Miller  05:30
There we go. So

Matthias Miller  05:46
All right, so here are

Matthias Miller  05:59
ticket and

Matthias Miller  06:12
let's go to help i

Matthias Miller  06:47
Wait a second. Oh, with Twilio support

Matthias Miller  07:00
to a new sub account. Replace Aha, all right. Contact high level support. I'm

Matthias Miller  07:25
to a location ID, if it's yes,

Speaker 1  07:33
if it's ported, I just called the number in our my desktop phone is still ringing.

Matthias Miller  07:42
That's weird,

Unknown Speaker  07:45
because it was already a VoIP system.

Matthias Miller  07:56
That doesn't make sense. So here, here's, these are the instructions. I don't know how much help or guidance you need. Let me. Let me do a little. I don't know if this will work or not, but I

Matthias Miller  08:49
sketch this out using my nifty ways of doing things.

Matthias Miller  09:00
All right, so you have GHL, which has their their lead connector numbers, and then under the hood, there's a private Twilio account for CSC. And then over here you have your your Twilio account with your existing number ported in which and so what you're what you're looking to do is move it from ask Twilio to move it from here over to here. Okay. And so what we need to do is contact GHL support with. To find, find this Twilio account number, first and then second. Go, go to Twilio and say, Here's my here's this phone number with this account, and I want to move over into this account, okay? And I mean, I think if, if you simply walk through this process so contact support, give them the location that you're trying to move your Twilio number to, and they'll give you something called an ISV account, an account Sid for Twilio. And then once you've got that, then then set up a ticket, cc this email address, and and here's the template. So this is your the SID account, Sid of your existing account and log in with you can find by logging into your existing Twilio, this is the S ID that support is going to give you, and you'll fill in this information and submit the ticket and and that should be all that's required to get it into Your account.

Speaker 1  11:39
Okay, so right now you're saying I have so you know for sure that I created my own Twilio account, or by me, I mean,

Matthias Miller  11:49
I mean, I'm pretty sure you did, did you not?

Speaker 1  11:52
I thought I was doing it for the company, not for

Matthias Miller  11:57
Well, yeah, I mean, a separate Twilio account. However, it is

Speaker 1  12:04
right. I didn't realize there was two separate accounts. So you're saying, Is there a way you

Matthias Miller  12:13
you have over here? This one is the one that you set up with Twilio, the one on the right. Okay, this one is one that GHL automatically creates and will not, under any circumstances, give you access to. Oh, okay. But then they make it, you know, they handle everything to make it easy to work with, and they have all kinds of features that come with it. Then when it's ported in, and it's just an easier way to work with. But what you need to do, the only way to do a port is you set up a separate account with Twilio, port it into that, and then port it into GHL, Twilio account. Okay, gotcha make sense. Yep, all right, and just ping me. I will let me text you this URL, and just ping me if you need to hop on a zoom or something. Okay. And then as soon as that's over, then this the process for I would expect, yes, you do need, you do need to set up separate phone numbers, and then we'll need to set up call routing for how that gets handled in GHL once, once it's in there,

Speaker 1  13:25
sounds good. So I will acquire a number for each user, separate from the main line,

Matthias Miller  13:32
yeah, and that would that's what they'll end up texting from, unless there's, unless there's an old number that they're wanting to keep. But yes,

Speaker 1  13:39
okay, and then All right, so sounds good.

Matthias Miller  13:46
I will get to it. Okay. Thank you. Yep, you bet you. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai