Unknown Speaker  00:13
Hey, hey, hey, hey,

Matthias Miller  00:18
uh, how's it going?

Speaker 1  00:26
I don't know how to answer that. Guys. Crazy. Do you mind if I be really blunt about something? Yes. So my business cash flow is like in really bad condition. So I'm sure hoping to make some actual progress, like this week and next week, not just in a couple of months. Yep, that's enough about that, though. So how's your day?

Matthias Miller  00:58
And on that front, I have pushed through the leads. I mean, there's stuff in the pipeline. The one guy who is really snarky with me a while back and says, Oh, I need to talk to Casey Wiggins. He knows everything he sold the business. I call him up. He's like, he was completely different attitude. Well, I called him back, and he's like, thanks for calling back, trying to figure out what to do. I got an employee sick and like, Well, call back next week. So some of the stuff I just don't know how to get past. The people have life, and you just gotta push through it. But with that being said, I think both of us are interested in more revenue. So if there's any more ways to beat the bushes and get things going quickly. I'm very open and eager for that, or open to your ideas on that. And I took the liberty to I spent 48 hours. In the last 48 hours, I have written a full draft, 22,000 word mini novel, read through it personally this morning, made some tweaks and edits, sent it off to two upward people, to English majors to read and review. First pass, I have two individuals who are looking to do the case study, do do a state of the industry case study interview with me, which I guess I didn't fill you in on. But basically, if people were down in 2024 say, I'm doing a case study, what did happen? What's your opinion, and then publish it in a report. And if you publish in a report, and I'll give you suggestions and industry standard action steps that you can take to fix it, and you get early access to the report, and we'll publish it some point so the I'm really, really anxious tell me if it's too much. So

Matthias Miller  03:10
Ooh, and we have a verbal commitment on at least one seat on the sales sprint, and maybe multiple and we'll hear by tomorrow on that. So that's good news on the Facebook front. I don't know if I should be freaking out. I am freaking out slightly, mostly from the perception, from client perception, versus what it takes to actually do it right? I would love, love, love, love, love, love to get leads flowing in for Jeremy and but

Speaker 1  03:49
it's gonna be fine. I feel the pressure. I already felt the pressure before you say anything. So I'm sorry I had a wild day yesterday and a wild day today. Otherwise we would already be done, and it's absolutely going to be all done by the end of the day today.

Unknown Speaker  04:04
Okay, so

Matthias Miller  04:05
if it's all done by the end of today, then what kind of turnaround time, conservatively, without Uber promising and barring catastrophic events like American Airlines crashes into Facebook and things like that. Should we expect to see leads showing up for him?

Speaker 1  04:28
Okay, there's a possibility that leads will show up on day one. I very rarely see a campaign behave that way, especially on a brand new account, which is what we have here. I think it's a little more realistic to say that things will probably behave and look normal within a week, but it could be faster.

Matthias Miller  04:51
Okay, so I should tell him. Jeremy, I. So Jeremy, I just got confirmation that your ads will be fully live by tonight. We expect leads to be flowing in within a week, correct? Of course, we

Unknown Speaker  05:27
might go ahead and say, could be faster. Could

Matthias Miller  05:32
it could be faster, and we would both be happy if that's the case. However, I don't want to over promise, especially since this is a new a completely new account. Add Account, completely new EX, edit. Add Account. Okay, you like it?

Unknown Speaker  06:11
Do?

Matthias Miller  06:22
Okay? Thank you. Um, I did reach out to a guy who reportedly has success in notoriety. I don't know if he actually runs ads. I don't know if he's even going to talk to me. I just say, hey, look, I have no idea this is a conflict to you. Are you interested in advising us don't want this to ruin, uh, friendship and you know, whatever great conflict of interest for you. But, oh, it's fine. Actually, I will be sorry I have. I

Matthias Miller  07:10
and he says, okay, awesome, again, transparency, transparency, transparency, I

Matthias Miller  07:24
Okay, so,

Matthias Miller  07:30
fully present. What? What do you have? Do you want to talk about? The reason I talk about this sales thing is he's been already seeing some of the ads, already awesome. I think just

Unknown Speaker  07:51
he what already he says

Matthias Miller  07:54
he's been seeing some of the ads, already seeing them.

Speaker 1  07:57
Oh, he's seeing his own ads. Okay, all right. I

Matthias Miller  08:00
mean, I love that because it makes it feel to him, obviously, he's a low hanging fruit to buy from himself. But I love that because it it gives him confidence that something is happening.

Speaker 1  08:16
I agree, yes. So you had asked me, enchanty, to basically, to, I think, to fix a message. Can you fix this when you have a chance? And I'm sorry, I am lost on what you're asking in that question.

Matthias Miller  08:34
It's the wherever you configured the the end text. It's missing a word at the end, and it's just,

Speaker 1  08:43
Oh, you're kidding me. I got it. I get the point now just a second, the bear with me, almost there. I

Speaker 1  09:05
John, are you able to hear

Matthias Miller  09:12
me? Can you hear me? I

Speaker 1  09:15
can hear you. I have a feeling you can't hear me. I had a blip and I'm back, right? Just send me a message when you're free, with or without a question mark,

Matthias Miller  09:27
just without when you're free, when

Speaker 1  09:29
you're free, no question mark, no punctuation. Send me a message when no right does. Send me a message when you're free. Okay, one second, I

Speaker 1  09:52
um, embarrassing, um, I am curious. Turn this off. Tick, tick. Tick, disable, confirm I am in, I am in your sub account. Is that what you're looking for? Yep, perfect. I appreciate it wrong in Carstens as well.

Matthias Miller  10:21
Okay, well, can

Speaker 1  10:23
you hear me? Yes, I can hear you. Okay, I'm just going to double check Carson's to make sure that we don't. Oh, Carson, it's

Matthias Miller  10:31
off. I don't care about Carsten. All right, now I had really good success following up with leads these guys are, I will at some point have to say even Holly. Holly went dark. She came back. She says, Look, I really want to do online training to make sure I know what I need, and I can try to persuade her. But the easiest path is she's going to have to choose her own path. I just, I think she's a lower end lead, and she's more in the mindset of do it yourself, and I'm not about to do it's enough of the stretch. I'm not about to do sales ninja tactics to try to get her to sign with urgency or anything like that.

Matthias Miller  11:18
That's instinctively where I'm at, and that's also kind of how I sell. So we'll see where this goes.

Matthias Miller  11:30
Well, I think I'm there. I'm not sure yet. Let's go for all right. Sorry, another appointment book for next week. So is there anything you would like to from your opinion in terms of,

Matthias Miller  12:08
Oh, interesting. Are you not able to hear me?

Speaker 1  12:17
I can hear you. Yes, I was, I was waiting for you to get to the end of a single sentence that I could answer. I could answer. I am so sorry.

Matthias Miller  12:25
So it's off in our account.

Speaker 1  12:28
I just got it off. Just crazy. I made the change, and it occurred to me to just try it while I was there, and off it went. This is what I was telling the other day. There is no there is no way to know. They don't tell you. There's no message, there's no counter, there's no measurement. But this is, like the fifth time I've done this. It just you set it up and you put up with it for a day or three or five, and you send some messages, and then you can turn off. Okay,

Matthias Miller  12:58
sweet. So I guess my question to you here is the here's if 8020, everything is, if cash is an issue for both, What is the fastest way to shake things off the tree, to get some deals, get some deal flow in, right?

Speaker 1  13:31
My gut feeling, and I'm not saying that it's perfect or optimized or ideal, not at all, but my gut feeling is that we found this little pathway, Carstens, cold SMS partnership. I'm going to call it a funnel. It's not a funnel, but you get the point which causes you to have conversations, bookings and sales calls. And it has actually worked. You've actually closed somebody,

Matthias Miller  13:58
well, the somebody came through Facebook Messenger, not through Carsten?

Unknown Speaker  14:04
Oh, that's news to me. I'm sorry.

Matthias Miller  14:08
Okay, I've but I have people who were very, very interested in having conversations, and

Speaker 1  14:16
including Holly the Georgia lady, right? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  14:20
I mean, I've got, like, half a dozen folks like this who should just, I mean, one guy got sick, another guy has an employee who got sick, and another one was to start his own business. I haven't gotten hold of him again, but, and then Holly and and another guy who I messaged right before he left the country. And I mean, it's literally life is getting in the way.

Speaker 1  14:45
That is how it goes. I'm actually enjoying certain aspects of this. I think I've mentioned probably 20 times that over the last year or two or three, even though I don't want to, and even though I don't do sales, I have, I have danced around. On this issue for a while, I I have finally, at long last, tried cold email, cold text, LinkedIn, some other things, even a little bit of Facebook ads. And I am starting to get a feel for how this works. And I assure you that what you are describing there is perfectly normal, especially cold, good,

Matthias Miller  15:22
well, and, but, and I'm assuming you're saying this is not I would expect. I would expect them to tell me to bug off if they really didn't want what I had to offer. I agree. So I am assuming, and this is also fundamental, here's a little sales rant that probably should go in the training. But sales rant, people don't ghost you. They have lives. They are busy. They need help managing their complex, overloaded, breaking life. Most people are reactive, not proactive, calls and follow ups. Are you helping to manage that, and they need it, and it's helping them. So do it without any apology. Yep,

Speaker 1  16:07
absolutely 100% and it's true for us, and it's true for the people that we're trying to teach to sell sheds correct exactly the average. So a couple things. One, here is where you cue the average salesman saying it's a numbers game. And that's true. It's not the whole truth, but that's true. It is a numbers game. And two, it is, well, I think I've shown this to you before. There's a statistics out there from, I can't remember who Harvard, somebody who should know what they're talking about, that most deals are closed after the 12th follow up, but most sales people will not follow up more than about three times. Yeah. Are you familiar with that? I've

Matthias Miller  17:00
Yes, and I've shown it to sales people, and that's another good study to throw in there. I think you could do a whole training, a pre training. Little side note, there are some things that I've come to pretty strongly disagree with about how I don't know if you're familiar with Melvin play. He's been around parts of planet. Perry praise worked with him. He's been at some of the memos, events, whatever, whatever. There's some places where I've come to pretty vehemently disagree with him. One of the things I absolutely love about the guy, and one of the things I got from him, in part planted the seed, was exactly this. You need ambition, you need drive, you need intensity, you need follow up, and you do not need to be timid, and

Speaker 1  17:50
you do not need to be ashamed. Was that your Dallas conference that I came to? Yeah, that's

Matthias Miller  17:54
right. That's it. You're right.

Speaker 1  18:00
Can you see those things? I just dropped in your I do I can.

Matthias Miller  18:06
I love it, I love it. And we're gonna win. We are so gonna win. We are totally gonna win.

Speaker 1  18:17
80% of leads after the fifth contact, says another, another one 80% after the fifth contact.

Matthias Miller  18:31
Um, can I I wrote this? GH, go ahead. Go ahead, go, go, go, go. Really,

Unknown Speaker  18:36
please, go ahead. You first for real,

Matthias Miller  18:41
which is why this go make sure every opportunity in your system has a follow up date and a task with a due date assigned to it is so absolutely vital. And do not stop until they say no, and if they go silent, then do some Fibonacci, I don't know, or figure out some kind of way to get a sign of life and get them to tell you to leave, and sure there's diminishing return, and the busier you get, you can't work the bottom end of your funnel, but that's also why Fibonacci helps you with that. So anyway, go ahead. Yeah,

Speaker 1  19:14
you are so right. Most, I believe this is true. Down through the years, I have interacted with many different people who were supposedly salesmen or good at sales. I think literally all of them, I think, have said, Follow up with someone until they tell you to stop or to say that another way. If they didn't tell you to stop, or that they're not interested, or they don't want one, or whatever, if they didn't say it's over, then it's not over. Yeah, and so, and you're, by the way, you know the thing about everybody is just too busy, too scattered, and their dog is sick and their wife is sick, and they're. In the country, and they've got an important meeting. I live that way, like I've got things on, literally in my to do list right now that are urgent, essential, they matter. I think about them every day. And yet, for various reasons, whether it's right or whether it's wrong. Some of them are not done yet. One I am planning on doing tonight, but I've literally planned on doing it tonight for like, a month straight. And it's not because I'm playing games like, there's other more urgent things, like, you know, like, what, for example, well, like, I lost an hour on three different days over the past week, haggling with a CPA over whether or not to send a 1099, and even though I didn't want to have that conversation at all, I couldn't tell the CPA, hey, I'm not talking to you. It wasn't an option, right? Would I rather have been sending an invoice that I want because I need money really bad. Yeah, you bet. But I had to talk to the CPA whether I liked it or not. Anyway, yeah, and I'm not I'm actually not talking about myself. I'm saying our clients and their clients surely live the same way things that are actually important and actually matter, but for a million different reasons, cannot rise from position five to position one on their critical to do list. Yep, yep. So, you know, it's kind of interesting. I wonder if we should take just this, this stuff we're talking about right now, about sales, sales follow up. They're not the customer is not the problem, and the stats, I wonder if we ought to turn that into a tiny little mini training or a teaser, and like, give this out for free and use that. I'm not referring to building a funnel, by the way. And I have no idea where this fits, and maybe it doesn't fit, but if we need something to give out, to wet people's whistle, to get their attention, to get them feeling like, oh, okay, these guys know what they're talking about, this might be it. And partly because you know how every copywriter says you gotta use hooks, right? No one's going to read your letter if they don't read the hook at the beginning. And a lot of them want you to use a pattern interrupt, so something to shake the reader out of the Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. I've heard it before. Mindset this, it does both, but it does a third thing. A lot of copywriters, when they talk about a pattern interrupts, they will literally go for something bizarre, like John Benson, who is the godfather of VSLs. He likes to start off with, literally start his VSL off with something like this, Hey, I'm John Benson, and this is a fish, and in a minute, I'm going to tell you what the fish has to do with and then, like, what, whatever. Right clicked on an ad to get there. So he'll reference the thing that you in a minute, I'm going to tell you what a fish has to do with accelerating your business's growth. But first, let me tell you, okay, and the point is, literally, like, to throw people off guard, reset everything, make them forgive that they were about to go get a Dr Pepper off of the vending machine and think, like, what is this guy saying? Right? Okay, and that's good, but this the little statistics about follow up, and you can say it either way, like after the 12th time or 80% after the fifth, whatever it does those two things, and it also actually re frames their conversation. In other words, I maybe I'm just wrong, by the way, but I could picture a busy shed dealer. You walk up, you wave this flag in front of them, right? Did you know that 80% of leads convert after the fifth contact? And you're probably not doing that 80% of the time yourself, and probably need a system to do that. And by the way, there's a whole lot more to it than that. Is actually it. It solves the first two problems. It is a hook. It is a pattern interrupt, but it's actually resetting the perspective. Because I think, and of course, you're going to run into a few guys who say, Yeah, I already knew that already Oh, okay, that's fine. They're not our customer. But I think a certain amount of them are going to go, oh, you know what? He's right? I've got 100 people in my notebook right now that I only called twice, and I'm sitting here pulling my hair out wondering how I'm going to pay the bill tomorrow or next week or whatever. And literally, I was thinking that well, I already followed up with. Twice, and that's good enough. And I guess those guys don't really want to shed after all. But what do you know now this guy named Matthias is telling me, if I just call all of them three more times or four or five more times, that statistics prove that I'm going to get sales out of those, even though I thought I'd already done my job and needed to move along to the next person, the next victim, yep,

Matthias Miller  25:25
and some of them. And when you ask them, they will say, I'm sick. Oh, well. I mean, really bad. Like, is this a head cold, or you got COVID? Isn't so one week? Or is this is or is this a couple days, or is this a month and or I'm out of the country? Well, great, all right, when are you going to be back? Like it's not complicated. So naturally, because some of them literally aren't ready for another outreach, it doesn't make sense to do it sooner than it really makes sense. So for that reason, some of them will stretch out to two years. But to your point, exactly,

Speaker 1  26:10
um, someone just pulled up my driveway. If I could put you on pause for just A second, I'll be right back. All right. I

Speaker 1  26:54
and I'm back. Um, okay, and I'm not saying that like that is the thing to do, or that I even know where that fits, but I just wonder if we had to give away some little free nugget, free value, whatever. I think that is, this thing we just talked about is transformational enough, and it's also not giving away any process or secrets or exact how to or anything. But I think it fits the bill really well for a loss leader. Teaser, free thing, whatever is needed.

Matthias Miller  27:30
One thing I wanted to mention too, just a little another rant, is, how many people get hyped up on motivation, adrenaline, all this other kinds of stuff. And I mean, I know that my level of ambition is probably 10 times as high as it was a year ago. But when you have a system for follow up, you don't need it. And, well, you have two things, Assistant prioritization and assistant for follow up. So what's priority? Priority is, how far down the pipeline are they and how, how likely are they? Well, and poker math, size of deal times probability of success. And that's overly complicated. But if you know that these are the top three things to reach out to today. And you also know that here are the 10 people I should reach out today, if at all possible, like and you just show up and do it. It really doesn't. The whole Tony Robbins jumping a trampoline to get amped up just doesn't really matter that much,

Unknown Speaker  28:41
there you go.

Matthias Miller  28:46
Anyway. All right, well,

Matthias Miller  28:53
as a little side note, another just update, I've been having conversations with a friend of mine. He sells rent to own contracts, and he is a really, really, really solid dude, and he's one of the best guys we could ever hope to have on our side, and privately, has very blunt things to say about the industry. Does not want to be quoted publicly for them, because his livelihood depends on it, not that he's bashful or shy, but they do need to be said with just the whatever, whatever that is. So that is really good news he wants training for his sales, for his for his dealers. I So what I should do? What do you think about this? Well, there's a short game of the long game. The short game is, hey, we're doing this. Are there two or three people? I. That we could, we're doing a 50% off deal. Are there two or three people that you would want in on this thing and go for cash? Long game is, look, we're happy to, well, it's really this, though they need skin in the game. But can we gift this to somebody who is bought in and who's going to show up and participate, they must have skin in the game, and we will, we would like to do it on your behalf, and let's see what happens with them. I anyway,

Speaker 1  30:45
what do you say? Can we when you say, Can we gift this what? What are you talking about?

Matthias Miller  30:51
Sorry, we thank you. Can we gift the sprint on this guy's behalf? Oh.

Speaker 1  31:04
That whole thing, the mock sales pitch, I thought you were telling me something Sure. Why not try it?

Matthias Miller  31:14
So? The basic thing is, can we work with you, prove it with one of your dealers, and build credibility and belief, but we want somebody the qualifications, and he'll totally get this. Is there somebody who's going to show up and do the work? Are they going to play all in on this? So that would be the requirement, that we find somebody, and we can do it on my friend's behalf, and you can make the introduction. So don't know, still, the giant question,

Speaker 1  31:52
I think that whole thing talked about is simply an angle to test.

Matthias Miller  31:58
Well, I mean, I really just view it as a one time. Thing to get into is, really what I should do is just say, hey, look this training. What do you want to know about this training? To feel confident in sharing this with one or more of the deal of of the dealers or companies that you're working

Speaker 1  32:22
with, you're speaking as if you were talking to this guy that you know that has Yes, correct,

Matthias Miller  32:27
that is correct.

Unknown Speaker  32:32
Okay, so just ask him. I have, well, I mean, yeah, just ask him. Yeah, just ask him.

Matthias Miller  32:42
Okay, so my nights, a weekend project while I'm out is going to be to put together video transcripts for the trainings. And, yeah, I don't know. I feel like I keep circling back with that, a lot of good ideas. I feel you're on the revenue side, I don't really know. I don't really have anything great to say.

Speaker 1  33:05
If you have, yeah, can we so we actually got derailed the hair. So yeah, we have this SMS system, the Carson system. Yes, I thought it was showing signs of life, like we're actually have it on, and I think you had people book calls. And yes, okay,

Matthias Miller  33:26
so we should turn it on on Monday. I am out from I'm out Friday and a good bit on Monday. I'm sorry we should turn it on Tuesday, good morning, yep, and I've been out, and I just straight up got swamped and buried fine, and we can book many days in advance. I don't mind that, but we will need a way to back off if I get overloaded and say no, no, we can't like I need margin. I have it's too much that deal flow, lead flow.

Speaker 1  33:57
I'm perfectly fine doing it a day at a time, no reason not to So, meaning that then we play ball, and when you're starting to feel overloaded, we don't do another batch. I think two things, one from the batches that we have already sent out to Tennessee and Georgia. There's same conversation, almost certainly some follow up to do there, farming the list we already started, yeah, like, as soon as it's convenient and I'm still willing to, I don't, I don't want to get involved in the positive sense. But if you're feeling overwhelmed by the sheer like just going into GHL and messaging people, then how about you? And I do it a few times and see if I can take that over from you. I am not asking to it is not really what I want to do, but if it gets progress done and you can't or don't want to, then maybe that's a good trade off or something. Well,

Matthias Miller  34:55
I don't have an issue with that. Especially. Now that the agenda is,

Speaker 2  35:01
get them on a call, get them on a call, get them on a call, get them on a call, yep.

Matthias Miller  35:05
So really, from that standpoint, I mean, the only advantage potentially to me is, hey, can we, is there anything that I've done in terms of messaging? Can we turn any of this stuff into scripts and just make sure that the messages I'm sending out actually are sane and good and valid and happy. So that's that's but I'm not overwhelmed by that at this point. It's just external feedback in creating systems.

Speaker 1  35:35
I actually think it's pretty awesome for you to do it organically first, because then it will kind of come out naturally. What pathway ends up working best? Yeah, and once you've been able to dial it down to a formula and repeat it, you can have me or Audra or a VA from Upwork, or anybody do it for or maybe, maybe even automation do it for you instead.

Matthias Miller  35:56
Yep, correct. Okay, so you good on that I

Speaker 1  36:05
am, and I guess my main point there is that it's working enough that it's our quickest path to selling anything. I definitely want to do other things, postcards and events and whatever. But like those are, nothing is going to be faster or quicker than the SMS s pathway, right,

Matthias Miller  36:25
right. So, so then my, my main question to you then is, I am content. I mean, just in regards to your comment with cash flow, I am content, continuing as it is, but, well, there's a few buts one, we may be getting to the point where we need some better project management for the things that we're really trying to accomplish and trying to prioritize. I am the book is just free time, work, nights and weekends. For me, hobby kind of thing. We can push it harder than that if you want to, but that's what it is. Round Table. You know, doing Round Table mailing still really should be, if we believe in it, and I don't see any reason not to like, why are we not doing why are we not doing these things, especially now that we have a little lead magnet. Also update, this is getting a little bothersome with all the updates, but also an update that I will be talking to Josh on Monday about podcast. One of the asks is going to be Josh, can we move the podcast the GHL landing page to podcast? Dot shed titans.com, can we take over the root and the www on a WordPress site, and can we build a website and brand on top of it?

Unknown Speaker  38:10
Does he own that domain?

Matthias Miller  38:12
No, I own the domain. He manages it in Cloudflare. Got it okay. And so if we do that, then a bunch of technical work is a fallout of that, which is probably, let's go abandon, export, abandon. I don't know if I really care about my email list. I'm on the consulting side. Probably more like I should probably archive it somewhere and keep it but let's delete and recreate, or let's hijack my mailer light and let's brand it over shed Titans, and let's figure out like, like, is it? Is it an autoresponder? Do I use the do I use the chapter stories that we have? Do we like and maybe I'm Audra, thought I was moving too fast to push people to a mailing list. I don't think that I am, but there's a question of effort and return and timing, I suppose,

Unknown Speaker  39:25
to a mailing list.

Matthias Miller  39:29
Anybody shed related

Speaker 1  39:32
what? I'm so lost. There's no such thing as too fast. You're talking about like the people were texting, or

Matthias Miller  39:39
anybody. So should we? Should we start building and I have a hard time sorting this out. This seems very convoluted. Do we want to put do we want to use GHL for for our mailing list, autoresponder, everything like that?

Speaker 1  39:54
No, probably not, but there's no reason we can't, in the short run, if that's what we need to do to just get well. I

Matthias Miller  40:00
mean, I don't care where we do it. I have a Miller Light subscription. So I guess my point is. My point is, if we, if we, if Josh is on board with what we're proposing, I don't know why he wouldn't be, but with what we're proposing on the website, then we go take code house com and everything that's on there. We basically push it over onto shed Titans as a WordPress site. And now we have control over the website, and we can, we can have pages for the sprint. We can have opt ins into mailer light, and we, we start pushing the shed Titans brand as its own standalone brand.

Speaker 1  40:35
Yes, and that's what I was suggesting about a week or two ago. But yes, yes, yes,

Matthias Miller  40:39
yes, I can. So I'm finally coming along.

Unknown Speaker  40:44
What's the downside? There isn't one.

Matthias Miller  40:46
No, not really. There isn't one. And I mean the upside, I mean, the only potential downside is that there may be some kind of somebody might do a cease and desist because it's too similar to

Unknown Speaker  40:58
something else. What I'm talking about, oh,

Matthias Miller  41:00
shit. Titans, Titans brand. That's the only downside. I'm not convinced that the shed Titans brand is completely bulletproof. So from a legal

Speaker 1  41:08
perspective, are you aware somebody that has a similar name, shed titan.com Oh no. Seriously. Who are they?

Matthias Miller  41:23
Look about pet, pet company.

Speaker 1  41:27
So I That's hilarious. Shed shed Titan. I hate stuff like this, um, I would say, Okay, I have seen companies rebrand for exactly this reason in the last few years. And even though it's chaotic and not good, it is not a disaster. Therefore, let's run with shed Titans, and when the cease and desist letter comes, we'll deal with it then.

Matthias Miller  41:59
Sounds like sounds good.

Speaker 1  42:03
I like it. And yes, I do. I really do think that code Hoss is a little bit the wrong brand for everything shed related, and that shed Titans is awesome. And

Matthias Miller  42:14
then we can put the book on there and all that stuff. So

Speaker 1  42:19
everything, take a five minute look at what are they. Shed marketers. Hold on, shed Yeah, shed marketers. Oh, where's my browser history? Come back market. Or

Matthias Miller  42:30
there's part of me that I don't know this is good or bad, and maybe I need to figure out if it is. There's part of me that would really like to just do cold SMS and stay completely under as undercover as absolutely possible until for as long as I can, but I don't know, I

Speaker 1  42:47
agree, and I actually don't see any problem with that, like, why wouldn't that happen in any way? It's there's no brand there's no brand name being used in that sequence currently, and there's no reason for it to be used. So,

Matthias Miller  43:02
so it would be, well, I mean, people do ask who I am, so obviously that will trigger. If I'm on Facebook, that'll, I mean, and I've been doing some podcast requests, the shit Titans name is out there. So, you know, I don't know.

Speaker 1  43:18
And you want, you want to hide, what like, what? What's the part? What's the card you want to keep

Matthias Miller  43:22
under the table? I don't want to awaken any of the CRM or agencies anytime or before, before I have to. I don't want to awaken Sleeping Giants. But maybe I'm just being timid and not whatever.

Speaker 1  43:42
I don't know that's above my pay grade. Ask the round table people that question, please. So if you go to shed marketer com, they have lots of stuff, and I was essentially going to propose that we do similar things, not not all in the day, but just like, you know, they got their podcasts on there. Uh, funny enough, the podcast is over. The last episode was from like, 2022, or something. But, um, wow, and it's and it looks good, it looks impressive. Um, there's a video, there's an opt in, there's a chat bot, there's a discovery call. I like it. I just think it makes sense. My point is, I think it makes sense to have a shed titans.com and start putting our stuff on it, including the podcast recordings, right? And the lead magnets, yeah, the training. And, you know, why not? Why not just put it all there together? Why not? Why not? So okay, that's awesome. And I think having it all through GHL, I could pick it apart forever. But like for the short run, I think it's just a great, simplified, unified, good way to do that. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  45:01
Okay, so you would keep it, you would keep it on GHL in the short term. Yes,

Speaker 1  45:06
like literally, because it's all in one it's easy to find and easy to do forms. It sends stuff back to your contacts and tag them and

Matthias Miller  45:15
right. But listen, here's the challenge. Here's the challenge. Shed Titans is in a separate GHL from my main GHL podcast. Is it a separate GHL?

Speaker 1  45:27
You mean Josh's podcast is? Yes, I think the minute, I think the minute that in your mind, that you realize that shed Titans is yours and not Josh's, this will all make perfect sense, and you won't have any questions left your your problem right now is every time someone says the word shed tight and you think, Josh,

Matthias Miller  45:50
no, okay, but, but I'm not putting my email sequences in his thing. I know. So Josh's system is Josh's podcast system.

Unknown Speaker  46:03
He won't give it to you

Matthias Miller  46:06
well and do and and what are we going to do?

Unknown Speaker  46:13
Merge him, yes. Why wouldn't we? Okay? I just

Matthias Miller  46:17
asked Josh, can Can I have my team push this stuff into my GHL?

Speaker 1  46:22
Yes, I'm assuming that Josh has a GHL account, which is like saying I have a cup in my hands, and in that cup he has a subdomain, a DNS record. You and I both know that's like a three minute fix. He has contacts. That's a 20 minute fix, and he maybe has automations, unless he's refusing to share his automations. That's also half hour to one hour fix, copy, paste or snapshot, export or whatever. I just cannot. There is no technical reason that anything he's got can't come over to your GHL. And then we have one place, one domain, okay, or, or, okay, he doesn't like that. Then give him a sub domain podcast, dot shed titans.com, everything, all right, detail, and you do the rest in yours.

Matthias Miller  47:15
Okay, that's what we need. I think. Basically the conversation is, look, we need to build a brand, and what we need to do is we need to shift. We can take care of all the work to move the stuff over. We'll tell your team where to find stuff. We can and all that, as long as he's, you know, and and we can communicate with his team on what needs to happen. And if that doesn't work, then we'll give you a sub domain, and we want our domain back.

Speaker 1  47:42
I like it all right? There's, surely, there's an integration where any new contact that shows up in his DHL can get pushed over to yours as well, right? Like, I haven't seen it, but there's got to be a

Matthias Miller  47:54
way. I mean, there's got to be a push to Google Sheet. But again, he has such a neutered version of GHL, because he turned everything off. So, I mean, in the onboarding, he asked whether we have our own own CRM. So anyway, all right, well, I got a drop. I like this. This brings clarity, still going back to the question of new revenue, if you have ideas of how to generate new revenue beyond SMS and what we've talked about, let me know

Unknown Speaker  48:28
new ideas something we haven't talked about yet,

Matthias Miller  48:33
okay, something that we haven't talked about, or something that we know, anything that we talked about haven't talked about, that is not SMS, talking to to my guy about his dealers. Um, well, it's really that. So there

Speaker 1  48:49
you go. Okay, so I do have two quick things. One, you briefly mentioned having a list, a code house list, I guess Are any of those people shed people? Probably not. Oh, probably not. Okay, so that solves that. And then is there anybody else in your warm network, or secondary to your warm network that might be interested in either leads in or the sprint?

Matthias Miller  49:17
No, sprint. Yes, I've been reaching out to some folks, and

Speaker 1  49:19
you already have, okay, that solves that? Um, nope, I think. I think cold SMS, and then the other things we talked about regarding paper mail are what we need to do. So nothing else new at the moment.

Matthias Miller  49:31
Alright, awesome. Thanks. Jonathan,

Unknown Speaker  49:34
sounds good. Bye for now. Yep.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai