Matthias Miller  00:00
Yeah. So I live in Colorado, and I don't know how familiar you are with the area, but yeah, what

Speaker 1  00:06
part of Colorado, Canyon City? Oh, so you know, you know

Matthias Miller  00:09
Nelson? I do know Nelson. That's right, yes, yeah,

Speaker 1  00:12
yeah. We've had quite a bit of youth. We've had quite a bit of youth from the area come out there. And so, yeah, I've known Nelson for quite a while. So, yeah, very good.

Matthias Miller  00:25
That's neat. And you're, you're in Ohio, I take it Yes, yes, southeastern

Speaker 1  00:30
Ohio, between Columbus and wheeling. Yes, route 70, so close to Antrim. So, yeah, good,

Matthias Miller  00:39
good. Yeah, so jumping in, I guess I was talking to Richard, telling him a little bit about what it was up to. And he he mentioned that maybe we should connect right. And I guess you want to, you want to fill me in just briefly a little bit about my understanding is sales have been down this past year. Would you want to fill me in just a little bit on business and where things are?

Speaker 1  01:10
Yeah. So we do sheds, garages and cabins, you know, just normal, your normal sheds. We have two different lines of sheds, and then we have our cabins that we do on site. We have primarily been a company that focuses on on we've always been strong on site. And so due to when dad started, everything was on site, and that's just kind of, we've always been doing well with on site work. And so that's kind of in the been the main thing. So therefore, the cabins, these cabins are framed often. We did start finishing some of them out getting, you know, some job sites close to, you know, 200 250,000 if they're turnkey. But most of those on site, those cabins are from 16 by 20 to 24 by 48 in size. Prefer to do shells. Then we do pull barns as well. That's something we've been very weak on, just because I'm still figuring out some of the things there. But we do offer pull barns. And then garages as well. You know, of course, the portable garages in the shed line, but then on site garages has become something that we do quite a bit of garages as well. Those jobs like the average sale on a garage is around 60, 70,000 something like that. So that's kind of what we do. We this past year, we were around 5.5 million in sales. I bought the company from my dad in 2018 we were doing around 3 million in sales there. You're probably familiar with Leland Ulrich, yes. Okay, so he was actually a partner in the beginning, and we have dissolved that as of I think one or two years ago. Learned a lot and but it just wasn't quite lining up with the direction they were wanting to go. And some things there. So, yeah, so Marcus, Marcus Ulrich, had, you know, had been involved a lot in helping us with some marketing. I mean, we do nothing. We we, you know, back when I bought the business, we literally spent maybe $500 a month in in, you know, just some print ads here and there. We went to Home shows. Never did anything with Google ads. The website was kind of was what it was. It wasn't even really being managed very well. So anyways, then they rebuilt the website, put their configurator in and whatnot. But still, I would say my weak side on the whole business has been sales all along, just in developing my leadership the we just hired a sales manager here about a year and a half ago, and hope that would change things. But in all honesty, it hasn't. It's just been the wrong fit, and so we are going to end up letting that guy go here the next two weeks, and I'm going to have to get involved with help, because we've just kind of, we got up to almost 6 million in sales, and it's just our goal this year was 6.5 and we're a million short. It was a tougher year, but there just continues to be a pretty big breakdown in our sales team side. So we're going to try to rework some training as different things. There we are currently we have, we don't have dealerships. We only have one that we just started. But we have, I think, five or six other locations that are our own, locations that we rent and staff. Not all of them are staff. Most of them are staff. I think we have let me see why. There's probably five or six hired salespeople. We're down to three now, but that that's where we should be is about five or six. And so we kind of have to control. We do every kind of everything we're not we don't just manufacture and have dealerships. So you. We thought that was the answer. We tried that, and it was like, oh, boy, this gets expensive quick too, yeah. And you know, the whole model of training, everybody keep it that's hectic too, but it is still a lot more has a better ebb and flow to it so, but as far as you know, and on a marketing side, it hasn't been that, that great. I mean, I have my sister that does a lot of photography. She does all of our, our design work, as far as brochures and things like that. The website was something Leland was managing. Then when that, when we separated, I had to get somebody else to handle my website. So I do have another company that is doing the website. It's okay, but it needs continued updating and working with we do use IDEA room. And the advertising side of it right now is I have one lady that we hired to do Google ads, Facebook and I think maybe Instagram, she does geo fencing, and just, I don't know, I'm just not really happy with the lead accountability, and even sometimes the lead quality and some of the just, it's just not really that great. Then the guy that I hired was in the auto industry, so he thinks the answer is, you know, TV ads. So I let him do some TV ads, but I'm seeing that's kind of a brand builder in a sense, but it's, I mean, it's, it's okay, but again, just not really the focused. I can't, it's just hard to manage, right? So I'm just kind of, yeah, like I said it's something I don't know a ton about. Yeah, but it just, there's gotta be, think there's some better ways out there, possibly to bring in leads. And so I'm just open to seeing what's what's out there, and yeah, yeah, I don't know. I don't know what you do or what Richard didn't tell me, just a whole lot. But so that kind of, if that answers your questions on kind of where I'm at, yeah,

Matthias Miller  07:05
okay. Are you guys using, are your sales guys using a CRM?

Speaker 1  07:11
Yes, we're using shed suite CRM, okay.

Matthias Miller  07:17
And are they, do you have a voice system? Are they calling off their personal phones or off cell phones? I'm

Speaker 1  07:24
not sure they I know they were using that. And one of the guys sent out a mass text, and it froze stuff up for a while. I think it's back open to where we can use their their system

Matthias Miller  07:36
that's that's through, yeah, yeah. Is that through shit sweet

Speaker 1  07:41
for to use, yeah, texting and calling, voice all that through that. Yeah, okay, got it

Matthias Miller  07:49
and yeah. Well, I guess for your context, a little bit of background. I've I was in business for a number of years with my brother, Ellis. He owns code crafters and I he was in Bangladesh running a development team, and I did all the US customer facing side build out a small team for him, building all kinds of custom business management software between, between the client of his and a few clients of mine. I kind of stumbled in the shed industry, and a few years back, one of them said, Hey, we need help with our sales and marketing. Can you help out? I did bunch of lessons, learned, good things, bad things, the whole gamut, and then turned around, took those lessons to a local company here and applied, applied some of that, working with leads off a configurator, just as an example is that's its own thing. Yeah. And so I helped them implement some changes in their sales process, build it and bring in some accountability and and also lesson learned through things sideways. In the peak of the busy season, took one of the guys to about half capacity, which wasn't good, but yeah, all in all, we they were up 33% over over the prior year. Okay, wrap. Wrapped it up in October. Along the way, I've done all kinds of consulting in almost every area of business you can imagine, one of those guys who, for the life of himself, couldn't get focused. And in my peer group, mentorship group, the challenge, challenge made, challenge accepted, was to double down on building a strong, singularly focused core business, shed industry makes sense. I've got a lot of experience in. Air and some wins in that space. So that's, that's my that's my story. It's the kind of what brought me here. Okay, the offer that Richard was talking about is kind of in this, in this, in the last engagement, one of the things we learned was around, kind of the numbers to look for in sales and how to bring the sales process down into little smaller, bite sized pieces, right? And then also, this is probably information overload, and people probably would say I should just shut up and not tell you all this stuff, but you know, it's also not just about what I find is that marketing agencies say it's a sales problem, and I'm doing the best I can, and then sales says it's a marketing problem, And then the leads are trash, yeah, leads are trash and, and, and then the owner sitting there. It's like, okay, but it's just not penciling out, and it can't be everybody else's fault. I mean, yeah, right. So yep, you

Speaker 1  11:13
have to have a I agree that the whole sales process is a big thing, and the accountability with that's another thing. It's, not just, it's not just one thing, yeah,

Matthias Miller  11:23
yeah. It's not just one thing. And sales and marketing have to flow together. And yeah, I'm also interested in, you know, there's so many, so many variables. You might be getting $2 leave. I've heard rumors of this stuff, $2 leads, but I can tell you they're not closing those at 50, 50% close rates,

Unknown Speaker  11:43
no, so sort of 50 bucks a lead. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  11:46
exactly. And, I mean, and, and most people get tunnel vision, and it might be better just to spend 100 bucks a lead, 200 bucks a lead, and have your sales team almost idle closing most of the leads that they talk to, or the majority that they talk to. So you got to look at the big you got to you got to look at both the big picture, big, big economics, but then you also have to be able to drill down into the details of all right, where is things going off the rails? So what I've been working on is is this x ray kind of this X ray tool and plug it into your marketing, plug it into the CRM. I'm not quite sure yet what all, what all shedsuit lets me do so in and I haven't integrated with shed suite before, so there would be a delay before I could get back to you and tell you anything interesting, but basically plugs into that and lets us look at kind of three ways to slice and dice. One is across time, and then also, you know, kind of big picture in detail, what's the overall economics? What's the and then, and then, also looking into specific salesperson activity, and see if, you know, by salesperson, other types of salesperson activity, and see if, if we can identify some, some opportunities in that space,

Speaker 1  13:18
right, right? And that's where, that's where I've, you know, we do try to do we track the amount of leads per sales person. And my manager is just simply not he. It's the wrong fit. But that's we. I know Marcus Ulrich has helped me a lot already with some of the way he had tackled some of that, where he would even monitor the, you know, the reason for not being able to close this lead, what was the, what was the, what was the rejection? You know? What was so because different sales peoples have had different dark spots that they're not sure how to navigate through, and so it's, certainly, it's a, it's a like the marketing side, what frustrates me the most on the marketing side is just transparent. I know this is difficult, but here's what I'm spending and here's what I'm getting. You know, here's my leads I'm getting, then then closing those leads. And yes, the marketing, how that marketing all happens, is one thing, but then how my people handle those leads is a whole another story. So, yeah, yeah. But so your your tool, kind of pulls those two to that data points together a little bit more. Yeah, that's correct. Okay, okay, because that's, that's very key,

Matthias Miller  14:28
yeah, yes,

Speaker 1  14:32
yep. Because my sales people tell me what, we're just not spending a marketing and, you know, I'm being told I should go up in my marketing but and I can, but I'm not willing to do so until I have clarity and traction ability on okay, I've got my fingers, I have a pulse, I have I have a screen in front of me, or an odometer in front of me, and I can tell what's happening to where I'm not just dumping money and I don't. Know, you know, maybe it works. Maybe it doesn't. That's, that's what's, yeah,

Matthias Miller  15:02
yeah, exactly you don't want to, you don't like shooting blind, right?

Speaker 1  15:08
Exactly, yeah. And we would, we would prefer just on the product line that we have. You know, our sheds are the most organized and is the easiest thing to do if I could double our shed? I mean, I have, I'm kind of in a weird spot. I have a building that I could expand my shed production by four times. Wow. But I don't have, I don't have the sales so I have the facility, and, you know, it's just like, Man, if I could find out, and I even have an extra delivery truck and trailer, I just, I'm just stuck on knowing what's the real why? What? What do I need to do to turn that around? I Steve Byler. Do you know who Steve Byler is? Yeah, I do. Okay. So Steve is actually taking us through traction. He's implementing traction. We've been trying to do that for years. And so I've got a couple different coaches that I'm working with, and so got recommend, recommended to go with Steve, and we've been very happy with it. So we're implementing traction. And so it's, it's becoming easier to find the shine light on the issues. And so, you know, it's bringing clarity there. But the opportunity we have is that if we could, if we could drive our Learn, I'm not still concerned about my cabins, my pole barns and my garages, that stuff just comes in anyways. You know, with with with us being out in these different locations, in the brochures and on the website, we get plenty of that stuff. But what really would impress me is if I could take, I mean, we literally always sold last year out of 5.5 million, I think was two and a half million dollars for the sheds. And if, if we could double, triple, quadruple, like, I've, I have got the facility. I've got an extra truck and trailer that's literally just sitting there because we bought it reasonable. We were expecting growth, yeah, but yeah, I'm sitting like, Okay, I'm not sure. So that's what I'm looking for, is okay. How do we do that? What are we doing wrong? What needs to change? So that's where I see the greatest opportunity currently, I guess, is in our sheds. Yeah, yeah. Well,

Matthias Miller  17:13
I'm not sure who's supposed to be selling. Who? But you got me sold.

Speaker 1  17:20
We were just because what happened is we expected, and the sheds have been tough, and so we went to this cabin thing, and it's okay. I mean, I'm glad I did this year. If it wouldn't be for a lot of cabin push, it would have been even a more sparse year. But just our Year End Meeting, I said, guys, this is crazy, like we have we It wouldn't cost us much more if it's a marketing problem, which we think it is, marketing and sales issue, we need to fix that instead of investing in infrastructure to continue with these cabins and stuff like, we're just not, we're not hitting this very well, yeah, yeah,

Matthias Miller  17:54
yeah, makes Yeah, makes sense. And I think to just, I think the, I think the industry as a whole, is is in a shift from what I've seen. And the only reason, I think the only reason my client out here did as well as they did, is they said, We're going to double down and we're going to build a sales culture and and lead sales first, and, yeah, and that's, I think, I think the some of the rearranging you'll see over the next number of years in the shed industry is going to be people who say, Look, we can't just, I mean, it's been painful coming out of COVID, you know, this surplus money, all that stuff. But the people who really double down and say, we are going to be proactive, we're going to proactively market ourselves and sell ourselves, and we're going to figure out how to do that with excellence. I really think there's an opportunity for people who are willing to do

Speaker 1  18:55
that right, right? Because, yeah, no, I agree. Is this, it's going to take a more focused, intentional, professional approach to rise to rise through, yeah, yeah. I agree, yeah.

Matthias Miller  19:12
All right. Well, I mean, the offer is pretty simple. I mean, if we got two paths to go, the offer that we talking about, I'm developing this tool. I don't know who on your team's the best person to work with. I'll need access to Google and Facebook and and shed suite. If we, if we go ahead with that, I'm not asking anything. I'll tell you what I find. And you and I both know that you can. I mean, my thought is, you can take it, run with it, go implement it. No problem. If you want help actually getting it done, pulling it off. I'm happy to be more involved, and that's where, that's where money comes in. We also have been rolling out a paid discovery engagement, which we. Integrate into this. And that's where we we go into the business, and we talk to talk to all the department heads, and turn over as many rocks as we can, just to give an outside perspective of what's going on, where's the constraint? So that would be an option if you'd rather go

Speaker 1  20:20
that would be focused on the on this, on on the sales end, it

Matthias Miller  20:24
would be focused. It would be focused. It would zoom out big picture. Okay, so it's, it's everything from how are you positioned in the market to what are your financial processes, production process, you know, looking at kind of accounting and finance. Well, it's small, it's sales, marketing, operations, logistics and finance, and diving into each of those areas and looking for opportunities. Okay, okay, okay, so it's, it's broader scope than just, than just sales and

Speaker 1  20:56
just the sales side, okay, okay. Because I think you know where, where I would be at at this point is, is more we need to be more intentional, more focused on the sales side and getting the clarity around the marketing side like that, to have some help, you know, making so that we're positioned right, and that we're our message is clear and is meaningful. You know, sometimes you need somebody else sitting asking questions. They're like, Oh, okay, well, you know, because to me, I grew up with this, and it's, it's, you know, I like to tell customers about the materials we use. Well, that's not really what they care about, right? Most of them. And so it's making the message clear, and then saying, okay, salespeople, this is the process. This is what and I am not. I don't hold myself as a sales expert and so, you know, but it just to put some grid work together. I do have one of my sales people that I'm thinking about getting to help with some of the sales manager stuff. But anyways, I so I think where I would be at currently on our financial side and some of the other processes, those seem to be traction, has been helping us a lot with that. Just bring us some attention, some clarity on an on the organizational end. I mean, we're by no means close to perfect, but a lot of that stuff is closer to 80% then the sales side is just bad. It's just, it's just not okay, and we are not and so, but what, what I'm looking at doing? And back to your question, who you would need to talk to probably would be Donovan, my my implementer and my manager. But as far as getting in a shed suite and Facebook and those types of things, then on the and him and I are just the middle of trying to decide a little bit, but he I figure on the sales side, I'm probably going to take over that main position. I do have another girl that I need to talk to to see if she's going to be willing to actually fill the position I'm going to I'm going to let this one guy go. If she is, then you probably would end up working with her, if she's willing to accept working with some of the sales management type of things. But it would be either her or I that probably would, would end up working with then more, once you get into the system and kind of help analyze it, then you probably talk to me. So if you you're saying more your X ray type approach of looking into those things, that's one portion of your offer.

Matthias Miller  23:35
That is, one portion of the that is, that is correct. Okay, yeah. And the other thing is

Speaker 1  23:41
to come in over the whole company. And try to bring clarity on, okay, yeah. And

Matthias Miller  23:45
we don't currently have a paid so, so the X ray thing, it's beta. I'm here to open up conversations and see, see what happens. So that one's, that one is not a paid engagement at this point, or I'm, I'm paying for the tool and and all that. We could also do a smaller size discovery, a mini discovery, that's that is a paid engagement that centered just on the sales and marketing side. So we, we do the X ray tool. And then I'd also get in the trenches with, you know, talking to this. We'd have a we'd have a third party audit your your Google ads, and probably Facebook ads as well, a professional media buyer. And I would also get in the trenches with the sales people themselves and see what's get their perspective what's going on. Yeah, and

Speaker 1  24:39
that would be more of a consulting type of type of deal there

Matthias Miller  24:46
that would be, yeah, yeah, okay, okay, do

Speaker 1  24:50
you do anything with with, are you? Are you? More is, is what you're looking at, or your angle more from a consulting angle, rather than actual marketing and doing more? And so forth. So

Matthias Miller  25:03
Q, my q1, priority is go talk to as many people as I can, go do as many discoveries or X rays as I can, and figure out where the opportunity is. I don't currently plan to start an agency. I've got a I've got a contact who's who's a media buyer who's solid, reliable, I, you know, I may end up, it may end up being that a mark doing marketing is where the opportunity is, or it might be that, so that's, that's pretty open ended. Okay, I am looking for, I am looking for opportunities. You know, big picture, I'm having lots of conversations, looking at what the problems are, looking at things I can solve, one off, and then looking for ways that we can make that available to other people. So the X ray tool is an example. The discovery is an example, if we find certain types of gaps in the sales process, putting together some sales trainings that we can we can offer you guys, you know, those or other people like you. So, right? Consulting is the front end. Yes, but, you know, I do when it when a way to productize and help more people than just what I can do on my own consulting time,

Speaker 1  26:25
right? Right, right. Okay. But you, you would have, like, you would have someone that you would trust, that that, or someone that helps you with the marketing. If we were to, we were to, okay, because I wasn't sure. Like I have. I've been talking to some other guys, and there is, there's another marketing firm we have talked to, but that's only one, and so I just wasn't sure. So you would have, if we were to give you a marketing budget, you or you could point us to someone that you would trust, that could understand what we're dealing with in the marketing space, that you would, yeah, that you could recommend or point is to or work through. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  27:01
that's right. Okay,

Speaker 1  27:04
okay, yeah, okay. Well, let me, let me talk to Donovan, my VP and and see what, what he where he wants to go, kind of get his, pick his brain. I wanted him on the call, but I couldn't. He was actually meeting with the website guys earlier today, because they're hammering us too trying to they'd love to do some of our marketing, but it just doesn't quite seem like a very good fit and but I'll kind of give him a picture of what we talked about and what you know, yeah, what that would look like, and so forth. Are you? Are you at the Shed show and things like that? Most the time.

Matthias Miller  27:47
I have not been to the Shed show yet, yeah, okay, playing the show this year.

Speaker 1  27:53
All right. So if I come out, I have family that lives out in Greeley, Fort Collins and Loveland. Oh, yeah. And so we were out. We actually were out at Nelson's last year. My wife and I went out to, oh, what's that castle out in Colorado Springs,

Matthias Miller  28:09
bishops castle?

Speaker 1  28:10
No, there's another one area. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We stayed at Glen airy, and then I stopped in and then I stopped in and visited with Nelson for quite a while. And so we get out there. Then actually, dad and I were out hunting this fall, and we came right through Colorado Springs. We're actually down in New Mexico. Came up through New Mexico, and so we stopped in. So if I would have talked to you earlier, I'd have stopped in and chatted with you there. But I do get out there. We do get out there two to three times a year. So I would probably, it would not be difficult for me to come by there.

Matthias Miller  28:52
And so, yeah, well, I'd be happy to whenever you're in town. I'm happy to, yeah, for sure.

Speaker 1  28:59
So yeah, it's definitely, you know, I'll just kind of see what. So basically, where we be at is, if you were to engage that, that your tool, and kind of see where we're at, that, that, that there, okay, then if, if we wouldn't want you to do more of an in depth analysis, then that would mean you flying in here, and then we're dealing with a paid, a paid deal to come in and consult, actually, on the sales side, well,

Matthias Miller  29:24
either flying in or doing remote. So okay, and I'm very confident with with doing remote, I will say I'm okay doing on site, but I've got young, friendly and, yeah, here you go. I

Speaker 1  29:38
get it. Yep, that's that is not a problem. So, yeah, alright. Well, let me, yeah, let me chat with him a little bit and see what he thinks, and then we'll see, like we have a lot of ideas of what we're doing wrong. So I think where he's going to end up is by Adrian. We know we don't even have a sales training process. Us, you know, there's a lot of things that we know are literally just not happening. And so I think where we would probably be at is, you know, let we need to get some of those things, literally just the training, get that ingrained and and, you know, really working with them, with the targets, their sales targets, you know, we have two sales people that do well on Facebook, the others don't do anything on Facebook. Well, who do you think selling the most? You know, it's not hard to tell. And so just getting them to do the simple things, but then training them on, you know, how to how to talk, how to sell. They're not stupid, but they they lack product knowledge. We've got a pretty diverse product offering, and so therefore there's a lot of knowledge that has dropped off since I'm not involved as much as I was. But so there's some product knowledge videos we wanted to actually do, just producing the office and then give it to the sales people. Say here we're going to touch on this and actually make a trails, a sales training process, put a bunch of stuff in there that has to be hit on a consistent basis, and that stuff's all we do, that's just zoom. But there's just some basic things like that that we already know that this stuff has to be in place, that just is not happening and and then trying to track more. We are tracking the lead somewhat, but that just needs to be and the lot traffic, they're tracking that stuff as well. But it's, it's not really getting to me very clearly on exactly what's happening and their close rates and some of that, we can see close rates over shed suite, the close rate right now, and I think last I heard, probably a month ago was around 15% and but, you know, that seems like it's kind of a fluid number, because I you know, as long as everything's being entered the way it should be, but So there, I know there's some things like that that we know are very broken down that we're going to work on no matter what it's it's probably a bit more from the decision that we made two years ago was we're not going to hire someone to do mark, we're not going to hire a marketing firm. We're going to hire a sales, a sales manager, and then get him to help us with the marketing. Well, that's not working, right? And now we're sitting back looking at this saying, You know what? Let's let our Sales Manager Go. Let's let one of our sale we don't we're not that big. Let's let one of our sales people work with we can build some basic tools for them to use and the sales training that maybe we need to actually look at a marketing firm to do the marketing, rather than spending so much for a sales manager. So I don't know, it was just, it's an expensive move, and we thought, well, we're going to we're going to repair once focus on the sales people. How are they handling? How are they selling? What are they doing with the leads we have? Let's see how much we can actually bring up with the leads that we Well, the problem is we are going to cut out some of the lead generating just because the person we haven't that's doing it we just don't trust, as far as managing our Facebook. And I just don't really feel like I'm getting clarity on some of those things. But really dive in with the sales people, you know, make sure that we got everybody running the same direction and and then work with some other form of, yeah, some other options for marketing once, and then if we need to go hire another company just to do the marketing, then that's, that's something we're open to, just not quite sure yet, but basically we're having to rebuild all sales, The whole sales deal. So, so, yeah, yeah, I it's been helpful, and I will talk with him and follow through. I can follow back with you. You want to make an appointment for a follow up call? How do you want to what's easiest way to

Matthias Miller  33:53
handle that? Then let's give anyway, easiest way. Yeah,

Speaker 1  34:00
let me just see what next Wednesday? Yeah, I'm open next Wednesday. You want to do a call next Wednesday?

Matthias Miller  34:06
Yeah, let's see what's same time good? Or is there a different time that's better?

Unknown Speaker  34:12
No, that's good. All

Matthias Miller  34:14
right, yep. I will go ahead and get that set up and get that over to you.

Unknown Speaker  34:21
That is the 14th at one

Matthias Miller  34:25
Wednesday. You said Wednesday. That's the 15th at 115

Unknown Speaker  34:32
you're right, yep,

Matthias Miller  34:36
and I'm sending that over to you right now.

Unknown Speaker  34:42
All right, I appreciate it.

Matthias Miller  34:43
All right, sounds good? Well, good. Good chatting with you, if you ever, yeah, love to, love to connect. And

Speaker 1  34:50
yeah, absolutely no, I'll definitely, I'm always looking for an excuse to go do something when we're out there, every spring, we go out my you know, like I said, her family's out there, she'll often come out. For a week or two, and then I'll often it's about two weeks. So we'll drive out and I'll fly home and but it's not that far that if I can make an excuse to go down there, I would. So yeah, sounds good. Way I appreciate it, and we will go from there. All

Matthias Miller  35:17
right, sounds good. We'll be in touch. Thanks. Adrian, thanks. Matthias, you bet. Yep.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai