Speaker 1  00:00
Whereas running ads to shed manufacturers, or, you know how shed manufacturers think like there's you have some sort of insight or knowledge in the shed industry that would help the vendors get more get better access, build better relationships, whatever you have a captive audience. They're there trying to get more shed builders. So if you're the only one in there that's doing a presentation for the vendors to teach them how to access more shed builders, you can literally walk around in each one of those booths. You go there today, early, or whatever your time slot is, you go in there and you say, hey, time to find this. Here's my book. Here's what I do. I think your team would be super interested in this talk. Can one of you get away at this time?

Speaker 1  01:00
Could get 2530 people to show love, and then you could still talk about things that would be valuable to shed builders or to shed to shed builders and manufacturers, but you're talking about sales of the shed industry, and you can make jokes about, you know, Joe Bob's shed building shop or whatever, and and we're all fighting, and then the dragon that you're slaying Grendel's mother is True, tough jet, right? So how do we beat those guys? Like, how do we get into those because these manufacturers, these vendors, they're not doing business with tough shot. So why couldn't we?

Speaker 2  01:53
Can we pull this into the same talk? Yeah, that's one of the interesting the 2 million a year rep, that's still the type are we doing a different talk? Like, could I not go? I'm a little locked into this talk, unless I go by another time slot. But could we

Speaker 1  02:11
No, I think you can still I think you can still do it. I think the talk is the same, but maybe the title is different. Being locked into the title? I'm locked into

Speaker 2  02:22
the title. But why not a little postcard to say, look, this is, here's what I've noticed sales is. Has to be dumber than this. But sales is sales like, Wouldn't you like to have a guy? What would it do for you if you had a superstar

Speaker 1  02:47
sales guy effectively, like, that's, that's A little too too play jacket sales tactic, right? I

Unknown Speaker  03:20
where the vendors will be. We know that we can talk to them,

Unknown Speaker  03:24
and I may be able to get a list,

Speaker 1  03:28
even if you don't, you can wear out your souls going around to the 200 maybe 100 of them are the ones that you want, but you can go around and you can give them this. But what if, so your market, okay, okay, give what they want, but sell them what they need. So,

Speaker 1  03:59
okay, let me just say this out loud. This isn't thought out at all, but what if your conversation was my talk is to teach some of these shed builders how to train, how to hire and train $2 million a year sales people. These people are going to grow. They're going to need new vendors. They're going to need new partnerships to grow. So the people that I'm attracting to my conversation, the people that will be in the room to listen to my people that you want to sell

Speaker 2  04:33
to, can you, and you are free. I will open up my arms, and you can come to my room and be there and like, you'll see like, keep your

Speaker 1  04:42
but then the message you deliver is one that makes it sound like you're the guy they need to know in order to get access to these shed Miller and vice versa, you're you can build these vendor relationships that then you can make these connections with the shed builder clients that you have because you said you wanted to build a vendor network. So what if you say, I'm doing this talk for $2 million sales people who are your clients, and my secondary goal is I'm trying to build a vendor network that I can introduce to those people. So I'm wondering if, what do you guys want to show up in this room full of your ideal clients?

Speaker 2  05:35
Okay, so I liked it a lot, and then they listen to my talk, they get indoctrinated. I'd like to, I like to pitch on these are these? These are guys. These are guys who are going to grow.

Speaker 1  05:46
But you have messaging in there that appeals to both audiences, sure, right? Because you're talking about broad sales tactics and strategies and and a big part of the talk is, listen, it's not just sales, it's it's your vendor relationships like and who do they know and how strong are you building like, sales isn't just picking up the phone and waiting for yeses. It's building relationships, and it's building it's building people that have resources that can help contribute to your sales efforts, strategic partnerships. Strategic Partnerships. This is, this is, this is 3d chess. Everybody else is out there playing checkers. I'm going to show you how to do 3d chess on The Shed industry. And it's all of these layers of sales. It's digital, it's it's it's feet on the ground, it's, it's relationships, it's vendor relationships, and how to leverage those? And then when the vendors in the room hear you talking about that, and then you can say, Who are my shed builder, who are my shed manufacturers? Let me see your hands. Great. Who are my vendors? Okay, you guys should be talking to each other, because there's an opportunity here that I bet neither of you have even thought about. Now, let me show you what that might look

Speaker 2  07:16
like. Yes, the let's say, for whatever reason, nobody, no, shit manufacturers show up to my target. It's pretty unlikely, but what happens? Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  07:30
so it's all vendors. It's all vendors

Unknown Speaker  07:34
that you just have a plan B.

Speaker 1  07:35
Well, your plan B is, is your brain, and you just pivoting on the fly, and you talking about the fact that, isn't it interesting that none of these shed builders want to know how to grow their sales people to $2 million a month. So let's talk about, potentially, what you can do to train their sales people, or to teach those sales how to increase their sales, which could be hiring me to do a webinar, which could be you packaging up your supplies in such a way that it makes it so simple for their sales people to increase their Cost per their revenue per sale, because you have this weatherproofing, this fucking, I don't know, you have a Lenay on the front of the set. I don't know what it is like, but like, what if then you could pivot on the fly and you could speak so you have both conversations, and you go in there with the intention of doing a hybrid conversation that neither of them knows that you're not talking directly to them, right? Because you'll just be dancing through messaging that will be relevant to both of them. Because part of being a $2 million salesperson is, what exactly are you selling? Are you also selling a warranty? Are you selling accessories? Are you selling protection against this? Are you selling the best product, or are you selling a base product that then you could sell all of these add ons? Yeah, those, those people selling those add ons are out in that room right now. Do you have a relationship with those people? Have you been talking to those people? Are you thinking about not selling sheds, but selling packages? Yeah, packages with warranties. Like, that's where I would even go with that. Like,

Speaker 2  09:31
well, then, I mean, then you can bring it. It's like, Are you, like, what is your leaflet like? Are you? Have you talked to multiple marketing agencies? Who are the marketing agencies in the room? Or or, like, I don't know, there's any number of ways you can go with that, on the service provider side, on the building material side, on that,

Unknown Speaker  09:54
yeah, but there's a lot of different things that

Speaker 1  10:04
Listen, your goal is to is, is to just make their head spin and then hear at least two or three things that are interesting enough that they're going to hit your QR code to do a 15 minute discovery call and

Unknown Speaker  10:44
could possibly look like. But what if it's a

Unknown Speaker  10:49
custom GPT

Unknown Speaker  10:52
so I have some

Speaker 2  11:00
so keep in mind that a bunch of these are Amish. So imagine a custom GPT with a phone line that goes into gohighlevel and you use the gohighlevel agent to collect their information first and then pass them through the GPT process.

Unknown Speaker  11:21
Okay, so I'm

Unknown Speaker  11:40
AI,

Speaker 1  11:42
an AI telephone assistant through go high level that is basically getting their insurance information for Medicare, medical, whatever the case is, that is absolutely killing with it that so so when you say, vendors, how much? Yeah,

Speaker 2  12:09
mostly not. There are some of them. Side note, vendor marketing sucks. Building, build, building, material marketing, okay, it's all commodity like, there's no brain, there's no there's no I don't know, it all ends up deteriorating into some kind of a price volume game. And I mean, and you don't attract

Speaker 1  12:39
the vendors who are there playing that game? Or are they there because they're trying to stand out as somebody

Speaker 3  12:46
that's doing something? I'm sure they're trying to stand out in some capacity, I mean, because they understand the audience, right?

Speaker 1  12:53
So they're trying to build relationships with the audience. They know the technology isn't always the best in road, right? I

Speaker 2  13:20
on what's the biggest results that you've got for your clients in the least amount of time? Years ago, I got like a 15 minute hot seat on one of Perry's starters will activate things. It sparked this idea for a time study, where you basically say, Okay, what's tell me what, how you're spending your time, big buckets, and then tell me what you're doing, like, okay, what are your daily activities in this bucket? What are your daily activities in this one? What are your daily activities in this one? How much time are you spending? What are your weekly ones? What it is just a bunch of prompters find out how much time you're spending. Theoretically, you should end up with 30 to 50 hours a week that you've accounted for. Go through those. I always did these as facilitated phone calls. But go through those rank which ones you love and hate and by how actually, love it, like it, dislike it, hate it. And also, what's the hourly value? Like losing money, and then the 10 100,000 $10,000 an hour work. It's spits out a report at the end and it sorts them. Do you care about stress or money? More? Spits, spit something out, and then spits it sorts those. And you go through and say, Well, okay, let's stop doing this one. Let's delegate this one. Let's do this one. Then spits out a report and says, Hey, great. You just bumped your, if you like, just do this, and you cut your stress by this much. You cut your your your your cut your time by this much. You'll, you'll, I don't know, like, increase the output. Again, we need to

Unknown Speaker  14:59
figure out Who might show up in this room.

Speaker 1  16:40
It gets this much traffic every single day. Between these hours, they're going to get this many eyeballs. So usually, in order for them to sell seats, they have

Speaker 2  17:00
this is the only Expo in the industry, the only trade or in any form of anywhere, close to a trade organization, which they love, by the way, because they're used to doing business In places where you're competing against

Unknown Speaker  17:20
Association. Is it an

Speaker 2  17:24
event planning company? It's a publication company? They

Unknown Speaker  17:27
Okay, I got to mention

Speaker 2  17:31
you this. I talked to the guy first time I called him this summer talking about maybe a booth. He was like, oh, whatever, whatever. And then come back again. He's like, who are you? And by the third time I call him back, he runs my ear off, being like, talking about act and talking about customizing Salesforce and talking about this thing the next thing, it was just pleased as punch to have somebody who actually knows something about what they're doing with tech. And towards the call, he's like, Well, by the way, we've been looking for a tech journalist for magazine. Okay, so it's, it's, we're planning to talk at the expo about what that might look like.

Unknown Speaker  18:08
This is the company that's putting on the expo.

Speaker 2  18:13
So I don't think anything will happen before the expo. But if that's the case, I would be very interested in negotiating. Well, first of all, I think you could try

Speaker 1  18:23
that. You could try to find out what the demographic of the readership is, their subscription base, they have to know like they have information on they have information on that like a super sneaky, sneaky but you offer to do an audit? I mean, one of

Speaker 2  18:43
the pitches is, I don't want to give too many ideas right up front, but let's, let's make me be a tech reporter, and I'm assuming that there's not a lot of restrictions on what I can do with that. And then one of the first things I want to do is, is do like, trust, pilot style surveys like, Okay, what CRM are using? How many users do you have on 1.1 To 10? What's your customer support experience? A

Speaker 2  20:40
and then they have annual ones as well. Typical, it seems pretty I mean, it's seasonal, like you're getting into summer school. Well, it's before schooling out. But

Speaker 1  20:52
okay, so none of the tactics for being a $2 million salesperson is understanding the sales cycles and distributing your and and creating specials, or, you know, amping up your having up your your exposure during times that you know are going to be sales cycles. But even better yet, the 30 days before everybody else does like, like, I'm just thinking of super high level things you can drop on people that are going to make them say,

Unknown Speaker  21:27
oh, man, you're

Speaker 1  21:29
right. And you could bring up a screenshot of of this, and you can say, you know, a recent survey by by, you know, the people who put this on, said that sales are up. So the $2 million salesperson thinks, how do I get in front of that right? Yeah, how do I get in front of that parade? So I had a coach in the mortgage industry that used to say, don't try to start your own circus. Just find somebody else's parade and then just jump in front walking on the street, and you just grab up a tongue and walk in front of your telly. You're supposed to be there, kind of thing. How

Unknown Speaker  22:13
does that blend what I'm doing

Speaker 1  22:15
now? Well, because if you're doing a if you're doing a talk, if you're doing a talk about being a salesperson, it's boring to say, just be a better salesperson, right? What's interesting is to say you're thinking about sales, all wrong, right? There's another way to think about it, like, if most of you are thinking that sales means this, but let me show you five things that sales also can be that if you're using just two or three of those, you can, you're, you could look, be looking at double digit gains, right?

Unknown Speaker  23:02
I now,

Speaker 1  23:07
a lot of the people in our industry, as you all know, they're very set in their ways, and they're going to do things the same way they've always done them. This is to your advantage. This is to your advantage. Let me show you. Let me, let me, let's, let's go on a journey with me. Let's, let's, let's, let's, let's explore some things that they might not be thinking about. And what if one of the things that they're not thinking about are I

Speaker 1  23:47
virtual reality apps that they can point at their yard and show what the show what the shed looks like. What if it is an AI tool that the consumer can engage with that. They can give you all of the specs and what they're looking for, and it tells them exactly what they can buy and what it looks like. Instead of going to Home Depot and trying to find the one that sucks the least, I uh, like, we don't have to have the answers for any of these things. We just need to get them thinking about things that they are not thinking about and and I think the vendor relationship part it is a part of it. How many of you are selling

Unknown Speaker  24:41
accessories?

Speaker 1  24:46
Like, what am I thinking like when you, when you, you know, you pay an extra $100 for scotch guard when you get your carpet clean. But what if you get this protected on there, or there's some protected so that is preventive maintenance. What if it's

Speaker 1  25:09
like, your vendors guarantee? Like, what kind of like, what if you shop your vendor by guarantee? Like, are there vendors out there? Like, I know you have a relationship with them, but what if there's somebody that has an equal product, but they guarantee their parts for lifetime when they don't, I don't know if that actually exists, but you get them to start thinking. You don't have to give them answers. You just have to make them think that they don't have all the answers and that there's questions that they

Speaker 1  25:47
you're saying, I wonder, how many of them have an Amazon What would this shed look like in my yard? Like if you could mark that up in and think that? Just say, imagine, imagine if part of your marketing was download our app, point it at your yard, and then go through the models and see which one you like, you know, like, that's gonna get people thinking. They're gonna be like, Whoa, holy shit. Yeah, I do do that on Amazon. Like, I didn't put it in my counter to see

Unknown Speaker  26:22
what the coffee maker is gonna look like,

Speaker 1  26:25
whatever the case is, put it at my feet to see what the socks would look like. I don't know.

Speaker 1  26:41
Yeah, one of the things that I always try to do with my talks is my goal is if I can get them to leave with more questions than answers I want, and then you figure out how to answer it. After they ask buying questions,

Unknown Speaker  27:04
right? Is it like that the funnel? So what if you kind of wow them with some,

Unknown Speaker  27:15
with some of that kind of stuff? And

Speaker 1  27:22
what if there was sudden, what if they're okay? So, so let's go down the road of the dealers are the dealers are happy with with making the money that they're doing. It's not that they're happy with the money, it's happy with the effort they're putting into it. So what things could you do to increase sales and potentially even reduce the amount of effort that you put into it?

Unknown Speaker  27:51
What would that look like?

Unknown Speaker  27:55
Right? Because it's not about

Speaker 1  28:05
it or and then again. And I don't know how this is, but bundling, bundling and protection, like, that's something that you can always just stack onto things, if people are thinking about bundling and protection, like whether that protection is a coating that increases the sale an extra 250 bucks, or whether it's a warranty that extends the warranty for five years, or whatever against replacement or parts, or something like that, bundling is eaves covers, doors with windows, benches,

Speaker 4  28:48
plant hooks, greenhouse, shelving,

Speaker 1  28:54
you know, all this kind of stuff. Like, how do you increase, how do you increase the value of the sale, the revenue per sale. That's a whole conversation about how you increase revenues without increasing effort. Well,

Speaker 2  29:18
I also have a sales training so I got in town yesterday to I course, those dreams with and he's he's a rep for a rent to own company. He's pretty well known in the in the industry. I'm sure not everybody likes him. Everybody's got their opinion, but he's a great guy, and he talked about the core premise of the talk is one of the best people. One of the hooks is, you should stop trying to sell sheds. Okay, wait, what this point is, stop trying to sell sheds and start helping people.

Unknown Speaker  29:50
Start solving the problem solving, scared

Speaker 2  29:53
about that. Like, right, exactly. And one of the one of the guys in the audience pops up, really small group of people there pops up. Yeah, this shift when I know when this shifted. For me, I stopped caring about the money, and I started caring about the people I was selling to, and my my average order value tripled.

Unknown Speaker  30:13
That sounds like a story that you can tell

Speaker 2  30:15
during your talk, and I'll be like, No, but by the way, this training is included for free when you take us up on our sales, their sales team assessment, really? I mean, we can, yeah, I asked him what we can. By the way, there's no limits on as long as it's legal. We can sell any way we want to in this room. So and yes, with this guy, he has, we did. He has a training that he did on rent to own. He gets, he gets, he's Yes, use of that immediately. I can have whatever we use I want on his sales training. He's planning to send guys over to me to get it up until I'm done with it and and as soon as I'm done with it, you know, as a lead magnet in whatever form or fashion he wants access to it. That's it. So you can,

Speaker 1  31:10
one of the ways that I always sold, especially at these these things, is it was it? It wasn't, how do I make myself look good? It's like, how do I make it how many other people can look good, right? Like it? I don't want to be, I don't want it to be me in the bottom leg, right? I want to be. How many people

Unknown Speaker  31:49
Yeah. Well,

Speaker 1  31:57
like, yeah. I mean, like, this might be an opportunity to throw this transcript into going to chat GPT and say, find some trends. Get narrow this down for me, and then let's see what that says. And then let's build up for that. I think we've covered some really interesting stuff. So instead of doing four hours worth, throw it in, get the.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai