Matthias Miller  00:00
I'm yo, yo, okay, I think I might have it. But basically what you're saying, Go find the sales reps, primary and secondary dealers, find the ones where they have the connected to website field. And find all sales orders that include all sales orders where the dealer is connected to the website.

Speaker 1  03:39
No, so, so essentially, what this, what this is, is it's basically a gatekeeper to say, you get to see these leads or you don't. That's all it is.

Matthias Miller  03:50
It's a pool on all or nothing, yeah. So

Speaker 1  03:55
what the intent of this is to say, let's say, for example, I bring a new dealer on in North Carolina, and they're going to get online leads coming into HubSpot. All I have to do is assign that dealership the true point, backyards, buildings online which has that tag in it to them. Boom. They can see those, those incoming, inbound quotes that the customers save. You saw, you saw what I had there before, which was,

Matthias Miller  04:27
huh, is it assigned to that? Are those quotes assigned to that dealer? Should they see? It's just all quotes,

Speaker 1  04:35
right? They can see all quotes that are underneath that dealership. You saw what I had before, which was lame way of using dealer names. The reason I'm switching away from I'm trying to clean up some of this stuff where we're referencing dealer name stuff in the portal, because Wayne went and decided he was going to change up his dealer names in Indiana, and broke the dealer portal for everybody. Okay, so I.

Matthias Miller  05:00
Yeah, I want to know the what online Steelers, this sales rep is connected to, okay, who are you? The prompted sales rep?

Speaker 1  05:17
So, okay, let me. Let me go around this one more time. So the vs sales rep prompt will define the sales reps. Name that sales rep contact record has both as you know, the SR, the contact SR deal and the contact Sr, additional dealer. If they are allowed to see online quotes that are saved by customers, they will have the dealership name called truepoint backyard buildings online in it that truepoint backyard buildings online will have a tag in its allowed tags. It's a

Matthias Miller  05:52
website, and then you only want to show quotes for two point backyards online. That's right in here. Okay, thank you. I think it's just all right, is there an easy way to test it make sure I didn't do something

Speaker 1  06:09
dumb? Yes, put in, put in, put in shed dealer services, okay, put in now put in a manual, yep, and it should now give us two point backyards online, perfect. Now go back and put in Caleb Wilson, Newhouse, perfect. You. Bada bing, okay, awesome. Oh, so yeah, all of my stuff, no wonder. It wasn't exactly working. I I need to go study what you did now so that I can figure this out. Because that was if, when we went to, when we went to our G's deep, I was like, oh, Psych. I don't know what's going on,

Speaker 1  07:12
but this allows, this allows for a complete dealer name change, if, if some, if they were to change something, it just, it just works. We're not relying on a dealer name.

Matthias Miller  07:24
So we find on the sales rep. We get the dealer and the additional dealers, which gives us a list of all dealers. Then we filter that down, where we look at the dealer field and does it have this or this tag on it.

Speaker 1  07:42
Oh, and then whichever one of those you return the dealer, whichever one that is.

Matthias Miller  07:45
So that's a full list of online dealers. And then we see whether the dealer is in the list of online dealers. The Sales Order dealer is in the list of online dealers for this. Sales Rep, sales rep,

Speaker 1  08:03
you lost me there. So this one NSO dealer

Matthias Miller  08:10
is the sales order dealer in the

Unknown Speaker  08:15
Oh, god, okay, I got you. That

Matthias Miller  08:22
makes sense.

Speaker 1  08:24
So that loc online dealer for for Ask sales rep should return the dealership name, in the case of a North Carolina dealer, two point backyard buildings online correct,

Matthias Miller  08:35
assuming that they're only assigned to one online dealer, which they should be. But yeah,

Speaker 1  08:39
there's, there's only, there's only three of these guys that have that connected to website. It's the, it's a dealership for but for the website on each in each district. So that got it, okay, I'm cooking. I'm tracking. All right, I'm a tracking

Matthias Miller  08:56
all right. Well, enjoy your data imports and your L 10. We get back to it.

Speaker 1  09:01
We actually, we were done, almost done. Anyway we got so we we just finished.

Matthias Miller  09:05
Okay, sounds good, sweet. Thank you, sir. Thanks. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai