Speaker 1  00:00
You can throw it and you can do it your way, and you can give me the transcript, and I'll do it my way. And let's find the trends and the trajectories and see what kind of insights that we've hit on. Yep, that's how I use AI. It's like, I don't do it. I don't do it to do things. I do it to help me think about how to do things differently.

Speaker 2  15:14
Like, Oh, by the way, vendors, you should be really be listening in, because this is really easy softball for you guys.

Speaker 1  15:26
Well, you could even say to the audience, like the builders in here, how many your vendors right now are trying to train your team how to be a donor? Oh.

Speaker 2  15:45
It so vendors like, here's this opportunity or and then follow up with, how many of you guys would love to have your vendors help your team become better? Hands go up. Would that?

Speaker 1  15:56
Would you? Would that make your vendors more valuable to you with that, if they, if they help you increase your sales. Yes, that's a dual that's a Trojan horse message.

Speaker 2  16:07
And then vendors, how many of you would be willing to take a look at investing into your into your into your customers so they grow more?

Speaker 1  16:15
How many, how many of you have worked in, how many of you have worked in improving the business of your clients into your cost of acquisition, right? Because everybody thinks cost of acquisition is digital sales. What if it was relationships, right? What if there's investing in relationships? What if it was people over profits? Yeah, like, like, like, there's so many ways to just stretch this taffy, like, and then you kind of get them looking at each other and seeing who's raising their hand. And yeah, those

Speaker 2  16:54
are having their comfortable curiosity is currency. Yeah, make this a live case study, create connections on stage. Is there a live connection? Thing that we can do which yours touched?

Speaker 2  19:00
Third times, qualified prospects. And so then how do you break so this is the simple formula, guys. Oh, by the way, nobody, none of you guys, are focusing on the time part. You should, you should, have, you have, you have, you looked at the time part of this equation.

Speaker 1  19:13
Well, then you blow up the time part by saying what you're doing with that time. Right, right? Like, there's a lot of different ways. You can do time. You can spend two hours a day waiting for the phone to write.

Speaker 2  19:30
You can also take the angle of saying, Oh, yeah. And you can, you can then blow that up into strategic partnerships. Or you can just say, Look, you can blow this whole thing up with this whole four

Speaker 2  20:29
to approach this that lets me catch the net. Catch the net wide that opens the door for vendor partnerships. It opens the door for filling the room with,

Speaker 1  20:41
yeah, because you don't want to be the guy that has zero insight into who's going to be interested in your talk, and three people shallow So, and also, quite frankly, if you're The guy, because I assume it's going to be like,

Unknown Speaker  21:20
then open the door

Unknown Speaker  21:27
so that they can get in. And I think the, I mean, there's like, this is a, this is a,

Speaker 1  21:37
this is like a practical, counterintuitive, logical, crazy, like you're going, you're, you're, you're hitting them at every angle, because ultimately, you're going to offer to do a $5,000 assessment on your sales team and show them how to improve it that they get for free. And this includes the vendors, right? The vendors, sales teams, sure, yeah. And you're going to offer this sales training that you would pay X amount for to help build your team. So not only are you going to figure out why your team isn't working, or why your team is working, you're also going to create a blueprint for how to hire the next person that's as good or better than your best salesperson today. So, like, that's kind of, that's the icing, that's kind of the caveat, like, so now let's back into what are all of the things that we keep kind of hinting at and teasing and then giving them all of these crazy ideas, and then at the end, you're like, but listen, at the end of the day, I've given you all of these ideas for your sales teams, but who's your sales team? And who's going to be the next person on your sales team? And when you do hire them, how are you going to get them up to speed? You

Speaker 2  23:00
Yeah,

Speaker 1  23:03
like, that's the last five minutes. Like I get, I've hit you guys with some crazy shit, right, right? But here's the bottom line. The bottom line is, who are you working with? Who should you be working with, and how should you be working with? Yeah,

Speaker 2  23:20
and, and expo only special like, let's go get it, get a call the books, or talk to me about how to get this thing. That's it. So two things, we had, wild success, cold SMS and dealers. The problem is they just don't have any any money to spend. But if we want to get butts in seats, we could cold SMS. We could follow up SMS any dealer within 100 miles of the event in Kentucky, 10, just everybody in Kentucky, Tennessee, or something like that. What's down below and free

Speaker 1  24:02
Expo for attendees. As a vendor, do you get a number of comp

Speaker 1  24:11
tickets? I don't think I get I don't think I get comp tickets.

Unknown Speaker  24:22
Attendees,

Unknown Speaker  24:53
so then that goes,

Unknown Speaker  24:57
I will do a free then you can also

Speaker 1  24:59
do you could also do that for vendors, manufacturers, builders, dealers within 100 mile radius. Well,

Unknown Speaker  25:11
you can personally call them

Unknown Speaker  25:14
up and tell them, talk to them. Personally call

Unknown Speaker  25:18
them up and tell them 100% ahead

Speaker 1  25:22
calling, call the people that are doing this and see if you can submit your first article before the expo. Okay? Because I think that adds a ton of credibility, because their names can be all over the expo. Do I need to have

Speaker 2  25:37
an article submit? Or just have it be, just having be an exciting announcement that I am the and it will be released in the first in the in the blank edition.

Speaker 1  25:50
I think it would be, I think it would be, yeah, it would be just, it would be a little bit better if it's already been submitted and accepted and it's going to be in the next issue, but it's just as exciting to announce that you're going to get a new attack right here,

Speaker 2  26:10
right? I'm a little skeptical being able to get signed off on on it before that, yeah, but

Speaker 1  26:18
that's an assumption. Well, it's fine, right? Like you don't necessarily need sign off. You could just get a verbal acceptance that he'll he'll accept your your articles if they're good, okay, right? I don't know it's an avenue, if you can get any, if you get any sort of

Speaker 1  27:00
yes, okay, it's fresh. If you called him up and just said, you know, prepare my talk and, and it's like, I've got all of these ideas. I really want to talk to you about this. What does this look like? What are you looking for? When can I send it? What's the next episode?

Unknown Speaker  27:40
Or wherever.

Speaker 1  27:43
Well, not only that, it's filling your pipeline and credibility for next year's Expo. Right, right, exactly. So if you have 20 people this year, you might have 200

Speaker 2  27:58
next well, I get free I get two free speaking slots too, if I, if they, if I become a contributor. So really, yeah, I wonder if you could

Speaker 1  28:10
get a verbal I wonder if you could get an acceptance as a contributor and get one free slot this year, if you're up for threat to come up with two presentations, but I mean, a little aggressive, I could you do two type, completely

Speaker 2  28:30
different dogs? Sure. I mean, I don't know if I get listed, that's the biggest thing. But if I've been able to get butts in seats, what do you mean getting them listed like they have, like their schedule, like we're run up at the timeline for them publishing this stuff online, getting out in the print material, because they have a posted schedule of the talks, topics and talks, titles, topics and talks.

Speaker 2  28:54
It's pretty I mean, they were pushing the beginning of the week to get the stuff in. But, you know, who knows? I

Speaker 1  29:13
to play some paper cuts, because you had a paper cuts.

Speaker 2  29:19
So is there a okay, I don't think dealers are my ideal market, directly,

Unknown Speaker  29:32
okay, but butts and seats are but

Speaker 2  29:35
butts and seats are awesome. And I would just tell them, Look, you show up at the event and you come to me privately, and I'll give you exclusive access to this. Even, even your manufacturers want people to like this is something that and I can either give them the term. I mean, there's a number of things we can I

Unknown Speaker  29:56
think if you give them access to assess their sales team, dealers

Speaker 2  30:00
are normally just 155 normally just independents. Think they're the equivalent of a 60,062

Speaker 1  30:10
Oh, dealers. But dealers aren't the vendors. I was thinking, Ben, I'm thinking vendors.

Speaker 2  30:14
Okay. Dealers are is the Joe guy who owns

Speaker 1  30:18
Joe sheds a monument, right? But vendors have sales people. Vendors have

Speaker 2  30:22
sales people. Manufacturers run the dealer networks, but for the dealers themselves, they have very little decision

Speaker 1  30:31
making power. You also listen, if some dealers get caught up in your net, that's fine, but once you have control over, probably is the vendors, and who you're appealing to is anybody that has sales people. So demand. Would a dealer be interested in your talk if they don't have sales people,

Unknown Speaker  30:57
because they are the salesperson? I listen, the only advantage of having them there is if we can create a flash mob. Yes, that is the only reason.

Speaker 1  31:12
And you never know who's going to be in the audience. You're making a general assumption. But if one out of 10 are horseshit, but the one who's a rock stars in the room,

Speaker 2  31:24
well, there are some dealers that are running crazy. Like there's a guy who's taking every rule from the car sales book and is running a shed line like it,

Unknown Speaker  31:38
yeah? Like, I think

Speaker 2  31:45
it's also a very interesting conversation vendors. Are you talking to dealers? Are you guys only talking to the manufacturers? Do you actually know what customers want? Have you considered a partnership between the dealers? Since you understand more about what the world is out there questions dealers. Have you considered a partnership with the that's always the manufacturer's job? Have you considered what doors might open up if you were to pick up the phone and talk to one of the reps over there? What might unlock for you? The biggest thing, I think, is, I think the $2 million a year rep is probably enough to pique the interest of dealers, just to show up to hear it

Unknown Speaker  32:35
also peak the interest of vendors. It'll

Speaker 2  32:38
pick the interest of vendors, because that means there's work being

Unknown Speaker  32:43
done, and the manufacturers

Speaker 2  32:45
so, so on the SMS campaign. I think it's something like, Hey, I'm doing a I'm doing a talk at the at this expo, and I've got what people want. I what people want. Can I toss them? Can I tell something that way? Can I come up with a special gift just for dealers who attend, to do an SMS campaign, come to me afterwards, and I basically, I need an RSVP if you're going to be there, you special gift with your name on it, what's the

Unknown Speaker  33:34
special gift? The others, right.

Speaker 2  33:42
I let me just fixated on the wrong idea.

Speaker 1  33:49
Yeah, because you just said dealers were not necessarily your ideal, your target audience. Okay, let's throw another let's throw it. Let's throw another angle in on this. This

Speaker 1  34:13
if you're what, if you're selling, I don't know where I'm going with this, other than you might have the right sales people, but there's something the wrong way.

Speaker 2  34:30
Well, I have a story for this. New Dealer. Goes off on his own. Used to be a holler. Went off on his own. Start, decided I want to blow up. My business started bad. Buying Facebook ads. Couldn't close him to save his life. I had a conversation with him. You're a holler haulers are usually very tactile. Hands on people. How did, how well did do you feel like phone calls are going? Oh, I hate that. I suck. Somebody shows up on a lot. I can show the sweet door. I can show the ramp. I can push against the studs, like this stuff is show the windows are closing, put on the phone. I'm awful. I'm like, maybe you should do any ads. Oh, he's like, I think you're right now I don't have any. I'd have to check in with the guy to see how things are going since then, but

Speaker 1  35:16
you don't have to. You can say, what if that guy, let's say he was spending $200 a month. Where could you spend $200 a month to get people to show up, show up, to your lot?

Speaker 3  35:30
Yeah, Could you, could you do rent a barbecue truck

Unknown Speaker  35:34
on the weekend? What if

Speaker 2  35:37
it said buying Facebook leads? And it's more than that. It's like, it's like minimum 500 at that. What if you, what if you gave a barbecue truck 500 bucks to to show up at your lot, show up on your lot, and everybody drive back. What's that smell? Bar smells like barbecue. Yeah. What's going on? You had a free pulled pork sandwich? Higher minimum wage, sideway rough out front door? Yes. Free Barbecue, barbecue, free barbecue for 10 bucks an hour, that's going to cost you 40

Speaker 1  36:05
bucks. These are all of those. These are all of those. Pattern, disrupt, disrupt Pattern Interrupt things that are going to make people

Speaker 2  36:13
go holy. Okay, so one of my clients has a their one of their team members. Wives was like, let's do a Christmas light up event. Like lights around. We have this big lot, lots of buildings, lights around, hot chocolate, live music, one of the, you know, heat running in, one of the one of those bigger sheds or something. And people just like, this Christmas light up, kind of a thing, and get people to show up and start looking red. Viewers have lots, most of them, yeah,

Speaker 1  36:51
okay. Do they sell Christmas trees during Christmas?

Speaker 2  36:56
No, they don't in one of the biggest pain points in seasonality,

Speaker 1  37:00
because so how do you get people to your lot? So Christmas trees during the summer do an Easter egg hunt. Don't dump a ton of sawdust in the middle of your parking lot and have the kids come out and look for pennies and little plastic eggs with gifts and doing a barbecues during the summer, hire a live band to set up in front of the store. What

Speaker 2  37:25
would you do? Like, January and February? It's like, post holidays, January to March, post holidays. It's like, that's pretty brutal, because you don't have Christmas stuff. I mean, Christmas trees can go all the way through, well, maybe not quite in December a bit.

Speaker 1  37:41
What if they rented a dumpster, then you could dump your drop your Christmas tree off.

Speaker 2  37:47
Christmas tree drop off, yes, and then, and then you pitch people, and where are you going to put your Christmas storage? Like, I'm not sure that would actually work, but it sounds really good.

Unknown Speaker  37:59
It doesn't have to work. It just has to sound

Speaker 2  38:04
good. The other thing I've been playing around with is also on the partnership side. By the way, do you know any home organizing businesses? Have you considered partnering up with them? I like that. Okay, here's the thing, though, if I dealers again, not my target audience, but man, they would completely eat this up. Anything that smells like a bargain, that gets people to buy in some way, like they are the most some of them are the most Penny petition

Speaker 1  38:41
anyway. Okay, so this is my this is my line for content marketing. You don't have to solve people's problems with your content. You just need people to see that you're a problem solver, right? So it doesn't matter who your message lands with just the fact that you have messages that, like, if it doesn't land with them, somebody's going to react to it, right? You become the idea guy. Like, you become the guy who's like, this innovative like, Oh, he's the marketing guy, he's the tech guy. He's the he's the guy that talks about how to use tech and traditional hybrids to increase revenue per sale, right? Like, you start creating these intersections. Like, here's the way it's always been. Here's the thing that's new. Here are the intersections and how they, how they connect, and just wild shit that, like Christmas tree drop offs, like, Do you have a parking lot? Do you have a, you know? Do you have a whatever

Unknown Speaker  39:54
dumpster first week of the year? Do you

Speaker 1  39:57
have a local barbecue truck like that? You could do, you could do a summer picnic with a live band, yeah, and oh, the drinks are in that shed over there,

Unknown Speaker  40:12
the demos.

Speaker 1  40:18
Oh, we've got a new get candy for the kids over in that

Speaker 2  40:25
we got a movie playing for the kids in the decked out man cave.

Unknown Speaker  40:34
All you need to do is throw

Speaker 1  40:44
you. So is all this in your head? Are you going to start compiling it? Are you going to come up with a list of your top five? Like, what's your goal here today? Do you want to take away anything tangible, or do you want to just keep

Unknown Speaker  41:01
riffing Well, the tangible is, Are you recording

Unknown Speaker  41:11
again? I'm

Unknown Speaker  41:13
recording again. We had another great wave of stuff. We

Speaker 2  41:18
probably actually get the signal, because it was fairly self contained. I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai