Unknown Speaker  00:05
So I still think,

Speaker 1  00:15
so there's a million things I feel a whole lot less creative than I ever have in my life. Probably, I don't know if it's me finding my land and just sticking to it, or if it's just the pressure of building stuff out, or I don't know, worrying

Unknown Speaker  00:30
more about the money than you are

Unknown Speaker  00:37
about the people. Maybe we need to take some advice.

Speaker 1  00:47
The other thing is, I think, like, is there a where I imagined, where I mentioned this conversation could go? Is, is Is there some kind of whiz bang call in, or type in a chat, or something, something like, it's kind of like the, what is the mapper equivalent for myself? Do I need it, or do I not? Or is there something like that that I should build? Like, one idea that I had for customers is like, is like the, it's almost like the, like, like a sample bot that helps people narrow down what size and style they want, maybe something like that. Like, what are you storing within it? Like, is it a lawnmower? Is it a riding over a push mower? Garden tools? You got storage, or Christmas tree in there? Is it going to be the modified living area of some kind? Or, you know, tiny home shop? Well, then

Speaker 2  01:51
there's also, and there's also a bot, again, because there's also a bottom How are you selling? How many sales people do you have with

Speaker 2  04:40
be a huge manufacturer, a huge vendor that wants to hire you.

Speaker 1  04:46
One idea, one idea I need to throw in there is carries period Ben Morris's RFM, consumer data penned like live updating lead scoring based on consumer model shifts, so you can immediately see which leads are growing hotter, which ones are cool it off. Like, throw that in for a big manufacturer, and all of a sudden they're like,

Unknown Speaker  05:09
because that's only relevant to anybody that

Speaker 1  05:13
has clean data. Clean data. It also is at a scale where they're beyond just buying

Speaker 2  05:17
a few leads. You can still bring that up. Yes,

Unknown Speaker  05:21
absolutely. It's racked shotgun. For those people,

Unknown Speaker  05:24
it's racking the shotgun 100%

Speaker 1  05:26
but even, even more than that, are you are using great I think here, here's the, here's the one part of my superpower that I'm not tapping into. It, all of this that so I'm friends with EOS. I've been this is one of those crazy stories. There's an EOS implementer in the space. He's run a shed company in multi generational shed company, which basically means two generations, because the industry is pretty young and through just bizarre. This is just like bizarre. We have too many personal like, philosophies, similar philosophies and stuff like that. Like, this is the kind of thing where I'm like, very quickly there are conversations like, I'm catching out of like, Yeah, this guy, this guy really wants to be I mean, he's busy, but I'm quickly becoming one of his friends and one of his

Speaker 1  06:41
said shit company to buy, I would go in with you. I'm like, Cool. I would love to go in with you on one like the culture index. This guy, my friend, Steve Miller, looked at it. He's like, Yeah, you're a stereotype. And also you would do really well working with CFOs and CEOs on like, which word a lot of my experience actually has been, has been data integration, performance metrics like data management, some more capacity. That's like the that's the thing that I geek out over that for the life

Unknown Speaker  07:23
of me, I can't find people who geek out over it's the thing that moved Brian to tears when he was in roundtable,

Unknown Speaker  07:38
from laughing or

Speaker 1  07:39
no, he was just Like, it does my work. Good to hear that somebody actually loves that stuff. Yeah. So that is the one piece. And I feel like that could very easily be tied in here. Of like, it's also like, there's this, almost like this advanced, okay, like, you have your sales stuff, but part of what makes good sales is, you know, I don't know how you spin it, but like, Are you, are they selling your highest profit sheds? Do you know that? Or like, does your or do they know how to? Do they know how to, does your and here's another classic sales issue, which I've run into multiple this is just so classic, like, and it's just anyway, like, marketing says, sales, you're a bunch of schleps and lazy people, like, get out their ass and pick up the phone and call these people and sales, like, all we get is these dumb leads are out of area. All right, sell, no. Kids. Also products. It's like they're the sales are the owner, actually, sometimes those sales people are a bunch of miners and complainers, and the sales people are like, look, you're promising a six week lead time, and you're not getting it done, and we're selling it based off of the six week lead time. So keep your lead time like, alright, sell now, kids, production, you have to tell them how soon is going to be done? If that changes, fine, but tell them it's eight weeks, not six. And then if it's eight weeks, maybe you should figure out how to crank out a few shits and you can get ahead of this purse. They don't start losing deals, because that's how you keep them happy. Sales, you need to figure out what, what is acceptable to sell or not sell in in sales and marketing, your job is to deliver leads that number one, we can talk to, and number two is in our service area. And that's your

Speaker 2  09:30
job. Business owners, the only way you're going to keep a $2 million salesperson is if you allow them to keep the promises Exactly,

Speaker 1  09:43
yes, yes. And so that means production matters and immensely, because sales is making and keeping promises.

Unknown Speaker  09:50
And that's vendor relationships too. It's also

Unknown Speaker  09:53
vendor relationships. Vendors.

Speaker 2  09:54
Vendors the only way, if you want to be the supplier for Jimmy and Miller and your sales people. You have to you have to make them feel like they're one of your most important clients. You have to deliver on time. You have to stand behind your product. You need to go above and beyond, like, what are you doing? What do you what are you delivering? Beyond your product that would make them want to order their next door from you, because they can get product anywhere, right?

Speaker 1  10:25
And manufacturers, you think about that too. What promises are you making, giving to your vendors? If you got a vendor who's feeding you all this stuff, you got to go into it. You got to go and and if your terms are 45 days, then you better be paid up by the 45 days. Like make sure manage your cash so that these things work out. See,

Speaker 2  10:42
there's a whole ecosystem that supports the $2 million salesperson, and it goes so far beyond sales. Interesting.

Speaker 1  10:52
It's like the this is the hook and the hub. It's almost like you put this $2 million salesperson in the middle and then you

Speaker 2  11:01
get a $2 million dollar salesperson hiding in people?

Unknown Speaker  11:04
Yeah, right,

Speaker 2  11:06
yeah, keep them, because you need these vendor relationships. Vendors. How are you keeping this company happy that's working, that's trying to build, that's in this room today, trying to figure out how to build a team of $2 million sales people. What are you doing? What have you done for me lately? Right? Like, there's this whole ecosystem and, and what if you start off and you just said, like, it's almost like this $2 million salesperson, it's like, great, you've got one, yeah,

Speaker 1  11:40
by the way, what's going to happen? Dear owner, are you prepared? Okay, here's another fun story that can be thrown in there. I was missing. You

Speaker 2  11:49
need to start bullet pointing these stories. I'll do that because you've got four or five now and then I would build your build your storyline, build your thoughts around the stories, and make sure that it progresses. But this is a super

Speaker 1  12:02
cool direction. So I messaged a friend last night. He's like, this is pretty timing. Can we talk? And I'm like, Sure. So I go out pitch black after dark, throw my headphones earbuds, and start talking. And he's like, I'm doing something for the first time. I need to fire a client. Okay, well, tell me about it. He goes through like, red flag, red flag, red flag, red flag. And he's like, and here's my email that I'm trying to send. I'm like, okay, stop time out. This guy never admitted he was wrong. He's never going to admit he was wrong. If you tell him he's wrong, he's going to come back and tell you that you're wrong. There's, there's no winning. Don't explain. Just say, you know the offer that you made me, that's not where I'm looking to go. Adios, yep. Any like, and so we, we nag a little bit. He was looking at and I gave him, I gave him all kinds of crazy stories about about people that, that people, I don't know if they're glad to go this deep into it, but I told him some crazy stories about people of that nature, that I've been around, and people close to me been around, and how they work and how they operate. He was like, buddy boy. Now, dear owner, here's what I found. Are you ready for some uncomfortable truth? Every business I've been with been in, there's been one person that they've been hanging on to, sometimes more, that they just didn't have the heart to fire but they shouldn't have kept that person. That person clearly violated basic expectations for employment,

Speaker 2  13:44
and what if they're the reason why your $2 million sales rep is out the door, or they don't want to work for you, or they don't

Speaker 1  13:52
want to work for you, they don't want to show up at your door, because that's so vendors. What about clients that have you in a salesman? I vendors deep. Are you sure that you're not the ones who has your I don't know how to not make it be adversarial.

Speaker 2  14:13
No, you want it to be adversarial. You want to show you want to show that the reason why you're not where you need to be is not always as obvious as you think it is. It could be three layers deep that's resulting in this particular

Speaker 1  14:33
thing. These guys are notorious for this. And dear manufacturer, you completely constantly changing direction and doing last minute this and off the cuff that this other thing that's completely driving your vendors bonkers, it's completely driving your your customers bonkers, and it's it's sure going to keep your $2 million sales rep for being willing to sell, because the fact that you're not actually thinking this stuff through, you're giving this guy over here, this dealer over here, a 10% discount, and you're not telling him when it's over, and He's going to keep using it for three months, and you're you never gave it to this other guy, no $2 million sales rep is going to tolerate

Speaker 2  15:09
that. And how to make it keep a $2 million salesperson, you keep them happy. How do you make them happy? How do you make them happy? Well, let's start by talking about how you make them unhappy.

Speaker 1  15:23
This they make them unhappy, and here's what they're going to here's here's the Yes, and here's what they're going to do. For you,

Speaker 2  15:28
it's not always about finding the right person. It's about so okay, it's so cliche. Okay, so there's an old Steve Martin joke, and it's and I have this on an album, like a record album, when I was a kid, my night, my parents had it, and the bit is, how to, how to, how To have a million dollars and not pay taxes. Yeah, first get a million dollars. Next, when the IRS calls you say, Oh, I'm sorry I forgot, like, but, but the joke is, first get a million dollars, right? So, like, that's the that's the joke. So, so the joke is, okay, you guys are here to to find out how to get a $2 million salesperson. Alright, here's the very first step. Are you paying attention? Find a $2 million salesperson, right, and hire them, right? But it's not that easy, is it? Right? It's not that easy because maybe you've got this guy that's an asshole, maybe you've got maybe you don't you're not meeting production types. Maybe you don't have something that a $2 million salesperson can feel confident that they can deliver consistently right now, you may have a bunch of sales people that you're giving all of those things to, and they might just be missing training or skills. So how do you know what they need? Well, the first thing you can do is you can do an assessment on that, and you can find out what their strengths are, what their weaknesses are, and you can build and you can train to those strengths, and you can remove those weaknesses, like all of this stuff, and then you can bring them up, because if you're already always delivering on time, if you already have a quality product, if you're never behind on production, if your lead time is always right, if everything is right, you might just not have the right sales people. So you can train the sales people you have, or you can hire another sales person, because the company they work for, they're not able to, they're not able to do, they're not they make, they don't make their all the $2 million salesperson wants to do is look good to their customer. Yes, that's it. Yes. And that answers. That's it's that simple. So if you have one, it's that simple to keep one, and if you don't have one, you can either train them, or you can hire one, but you still have the same problem, or you still have the same issue. And if you're sitting out there saying, Oh, well, we've got that dialed then cool. Now there's two packets, attract somebody. And what do $2 million sales people want to do they want to be around other $2 million sales people. So let's look at your existing team. You've already sunk all of this cost time and energy into this team, right? You've already got the investment involved in them. How do we get them up one or two or three matches? Yeah? Why don't you give them something interesting, cool or unique or novel to talk about or to sell. Why don't you give them an opportunity to not sell a $4,000 shed, but sell a $6,500 package and increase their increase their revenue without putting without spending more time away from the family. There's so many dots we can connect here. You just need to put all of this together in a cohesive story. We met all of those stories. Hit them with gotchas, hit them with FOMO. Hit them with, oh, I never thought of that like the barbecue truck thing. Like, are you? Are you a vendor? Like, are you a vendor? Here?

Speaker 1  20:00
Leader. Do you know what it feels like to be a market leader? It feels like everybody's looking what if I screw up? It's like, it's like becoming friends with this feeling of discomfort, this feeling of potential shame, this feeling, I don't know what I'm doing. It looks good from the outside. Do you Do you know what it looks like on the inside? The reason why you're not out there is because you're not willing to deal with that and face it on the inside. It's, it's still, it's about people. Are you willing to like, this is the invitation. Like, become friends with the discomfort. Like, push back your fear. The fear is going to be your biggest enemy. You don't want to stand up. You want to just fit in. You want to be like


Transcribed by https://otter.ai