Speaker 1  00:00
The points, what are the stories? And just sort of document that.

Unknown Speaker  00:05
And then,

Speaker 2  00:10
when you get out of here tonight, basically you can look at it. Here's all of that, here's the finer works, here's the storyline. And then just start weaving it together and go

Speaker 3  07:37
it, it's, it's baffling to me, though I don't know why, like, okay, but

Unknown Speaker  07:44
when just because You're good,

Unknown Speaker  07:48
I'm very familiar with that, and those days,

Speaker 2  09:40
executive assistant, and he actually hired her through Tim Francis. She was amazing and was

Unknown Speaker  09:48
doing it, but

Speaker 2  09:52
was she wasn't happy, and she felt like she was always putting herself out there people that she loved everybody and nobody

Unknown Speaker  10:01
was loving her back.

Speaker 1  12:20
He asked him, Why do I have these feelings? And it said, it's most likely because of these things that happened to you in your childhood. And he says, Well, give me an idea of what could have happened in my childhood. And he said five of the six things were so dead on that it wasn't even funny, that it was all this cultural pressure and expectation and all of this pushing and real pressure. And

Speaker 1  12:55
also, Super Girl, Indians, getting at the.

Speaker 1  24:21
Say that I gave her some magic secret that I'll sell you guys, but it wasn't that I just, I just gave her the courage to do what she should have done.

Speaker 1  25:28
If they'd be spinning, they'd be like, holy shit. What is, what does all of this mean?

Speaker 3  25:33
Well, like the first So, so what it's suggesting is like, boom, boom, boom. Like this business owner fires this client, and then this late night fall with this guy who has to fire a client, and then, by the way, I haven't seen a company yet with him.

Speaker 1  26:48
Training. And then I would say, and I would deliver snippets of the sales training throughout. And then at the end, I would say, I would, well, actually, like, if you mention it, don't mention that they're going to get it right. So you just right.

Speaker 1  29:08
Your sales team doesn't have to be five starters,

Speaker 2  29:13
like you can't have five Michael Jordan's on one team. Figure out whoever their basketball star is or whatever, and say you need a Scottie Pippen. You need a Steve Kerr

Speaker 1  29:25
you know you need a Dennis Rodman in there just throwing bows and just wear dresses, whatever like you need this to make a cohesive championship team. So not everybody's the bulls weren't the best because every player was the best. The Bulls were the best because the team leader recognized which roles everybody thrived in. And the way that you do that. So one of the ways that we do that is by

Speaker 3  49:28
I think DC, it's like, and it's like, this your problem with delegation. Nobody moves fast enough for you, and nobody does it well enough. I'm

Speaker 2  49:39
like, like, where all life is on a spectrum. You are firmly planted on either extreme end, right?

Unknown Speaker  49:48
And then I can move into this space where it gets like,

Speaker 3  52:08
Hey, by the way, do you guys have any extra event spaces? Oh yeah, we do. What are you looking tomorrow? Oh yeah, 200 bucks. Deal done. Like, Alright, so now we got that show up there. Do we have, do we have a music stand, or do I have, do I have something to put my tablet on? Go to the guy over here. Do we have that? No, let my card walk three blocks. Grab a music stand. Come back. Like, we're, we're in the like, stage setting. It's like, a puzzle. It is a puzzle. Yeah, I get a kick out of that. And then when the puzzle is done, I'm like, yon, yeah. And like, or like, people are like, at the end, and they just want to shoot the breeze, like, everybody feels good because we're so connected. I'm like, Guys, come on. Like, what's next? Like, but then

Unknown Speaker  54:08
is I operate really, really well in structure, but I love freedom,

Speaker 3  54:11
yes. Like, that's the classic. Because the D wants to be, I listen to no man. I my own ticket. I write my own ticket, and the C's like, Yeah, but I gotta have some safety stuff. Like, there's got to be. I don't know if that makes sense. I feel like, yeah, I

Speaker 3  54:54
something like it's also okay, and how much of this is the curse of a wildly creative person, like an artist needs a canvas.

Unknown Speaker  55:07
Yeah? In an engineer's

Unknown Speaker  55:09
body, engineer's body, like an engineer's

Unknown Speaker  55:11
brain, engineer's brain, yeah,

Speaker 3  55:14
but like, but it's almost like, the more creative, the narrower your your,

Unknown Speaker  55:21
your part of this probably is, is you're by yourself, yeah, you don't have stability, like, you need to be around about you.

Speaker 3  55:48
Were interesting, which, and I wondered the question, because they talk about the Peter Principle. You heard that people get promoted past their level of confidence? Yeah. And I felt sometimes like the EOS implementer was like, Look, dude, like you're not really going to be intellectually satisfied working with companies under 15 million, because there's not that much, especially in the shed industry, maybe 10, but there's not that much complexity in their business. They have to vertically integrate, and they have to be at a scale where there's actually interesting, difficult problems to solve. And so I have wondered, sometimes I do question myself sometimes in the whole startup thing, like I don't see I feel like I'm pulling people together to leverage so it feels less like a startup. But I don't see a compensation model. Well, actually I do, especially this year, I could probably get pretty close to If I were willing to pick up and move to

Unknown Speaker  57:15
supplies that

Unknown Speaker  57:28
much of what he needs from you needs to be done there.

Speaker 3  57:30
It doesn't actually right, so it is a puzzle, and we're working through that stuff right now. And he it is fun, because what you need

Speaker 2  57:43
is a setup guy, and he's your setup guy, like, he's got, he's got the setup Like, he's got the situation for you to walk in.

Speaker 3  58:24
That was part of the issue. Let's reframe coming back from vacation. Maybe I did come back from vacation, because prior to that, I had all kinds of stimuli of people driving projects forward. And then I leave, well, yeah, really, like, I had to lean in and, like, inject energy to get them going again. And then once the flywheel is moving, it's like, now people are like, I mean, I'm like, Alright. Like, I mean, this is, I don't know if this is, again, driven me for for significance, if this is just Okay, let's be wise. Like, if you've had a slow year, like, just there's, there's seasons of planting and harvesting and let's harvest. But like, I'm gonna, I got, I'm booked tomorrow, but I'll do it eight o'clock Eastern time. Call with you or like, this is the window that you get. And now I have people vying for my attention. I have, you know, and then there's a sense of dread, because I really should close one or two more projects over the next couple of weeks. And I should be filling Josh's pipeline more, because that's gets the flywheel going, but that's not I don't know how to tap into intellectually stimulating, but yeah, you're

Speaker 2  59:43
right. So in the past, when you find yourself in those situations, did you go out hunt them down?

Speaker 3  1:00:26
Singh running a cold SMS campaign to dealer is getting a 50% response rate, which is completely unheard of, yeah and like, Yeah, huge waste of time. And talking, talking on the phone with just tons of them, and like, talking to my favorite guys, these crotch the old, like,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:07
6570 year old guys who are like, no filter, don't you dare waste my time or BS me, I like you guys, and they're like, Yeah, cool. Like they don't want to spend money. But you know, I can build rapport with those guys. So

Speaker 3  1:01:30
that's what that was. What's happening there. Over here with this, I've got another client. It's a thrift store repeat site like and their revenues down. And this business consultant got hired in as a manager of a revenue fundraising and thrift store

Speaker 1  1:01:48
operation, pharmacy truck. By

Speaker 3  1:01:53
the way, they just got in a my friend who was in town is a big Weber guy. Are you familiar with Weber grills? Are you familiar with some of their vintage

Speaker 3  1:02:07
stuff? It's not the green egg, but it's, like, I think it's the green egg.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:13
They, yeah, the vintage stuff for all the big, yeah,

Speaker 3  1:02:15
that's actually factory, like, they actually, literally, the wheels are not it's missing some like, a ashtray in the bottom. That's like, a once in a, almost never, anyway. So I've been just heads down on Expo stuff and all this other kinds of stuff. This, like, hey, I need an RFP for Microsoft stuff. I'm like, does it have been built on Microsoft? You're giving us our big power platform? It's like, oh, I don't care. Our platform. So and I'm like, I make him pay to flesh out the RIP, because I think there's a lot of holes in it that I want to do for free. And he's like, can you do No, it was like, 1500 he's like, can you 750 I'm like, Fine, whatever. 750 like, who cares? And so it's, again, it's, it's not a huge deal. It's 25k deal. But maybe, maybe going to 30, going MRR to manage the integrations and stuff. Like, yeah, exactly. And so what's that doing? Then we're gonna shoot extra stuff. I don't know, not focus on nonprofit thrift store stuff, for sure. So here's the question I think would be incredibly useful to dig into. I

Speaker 3  1:04:48
in my appointment. This is okay. So then what's, what about? Okay, that's day one, because my talk's on day two. And whatever that's that's plenty for the day. You'll be functionally exhausted, 200 vendors, maybe

Unknown Speaker  1:04:59
talking to

Unknown Speaker  1:05:05
100 of them. That's a lot of people, which

Unknown Speaker  1:06:28
his marketing stuff, whatever, he's been a sidekick.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:39
Would he be honored? If you ask, we would have it last. He would get a kick out of it, but it could put it in front

Unknown Speaker  1:06:49
of potential clients. We're going

Speaker 3  1:06:50
your hotel, okay, and your food, okay? Food's included. And we have glass and we're going to, when you get to nail down, it's going to be branded under my thing, but you get to nail down this financial thing that you're trying to pull off as well. Boom,

Speaker 3  1:07:14
and if I have him, it's also going to be less I also request him to be close to one of my friends with this, because he can request

Unknown Speaker  1:07:23
placement. Yeah, that was kind of the big issue of like, okay, here's

Speaker 3  1:08:48
I sometimes very poor judge of ideas, but you can call this out right at the beginning. So look, guys, this something along the lines of, I like to move fast. I'm going to probably move faster than you want. You should have your seat belts buckled. Some people look at how fast I move, and they're like, this guy's nervous. I'm not nervous. I just have a lot of stuff to get through. And I would, I would give you guys the right of your lives, and you're going to walk away with your with your mind blown, and see the idea like that. And then if anybody walks it walks through and just call it out right from the beginning of like, effectively, what you're saying is, some of you guys are to want to label me as nervous. Here's what it actually is. But okay,

Speaker 1  1:09:27
it's taken the it's it's

Speaker 1  1:09:48
battles and and then, like, one of his and then what he realized is they're just going to make fun of him. And so he came straight out, and he goes, I know what you're going to say about me. And like, he just went into this whole thing about, I live in a trail, I live in a trailer park. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. I live with my bum. Yeah, that's true too. But what about you? And like, goes into it. So he starts with all of the

Unknown Speaker  1:14:28
activity set. Yeah, I'm

Speaker 3  1:14:31
going to be a lot more comfortable doing that. Then I feel like, okay, the I should do this is the let's create space. Let's only talk about three things. Let's sleep. That's the subversive should, which

Speaker 1  1:14:47
is interactive stuff in there too. Yeah, so make sure you

Speaker 3  1:18:28
my toe shoes, my vibrant Yes, which is absolutely ridiculous in this space, yeah, which is all the better and on stage, yes, I will everywhere. Okay, so hi, Bobo, this

Speaker 1  1:18:39
one I'm going to talk about. Okay, let's address the elephant in the room. Yes, I'm wearing toe shoes.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:08
It had identified how going into roots, they're the ones who staring at other people's

Unknown Speaker  1:19:20
feet. That's

Unknown Speaker  1:19:22
just the random. Yeah, like it? Something off of it,

Unknown Speaker  1:19:28
yeah, grow the tree. I

Speaker 4  1:20:02
Yeah, it's not even regret. It's you just made it easy for them. I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:20:20
just going

Speaker 3  1:20:26
to, I think, just over the next number of next number of days and weeks, just,

Speaker 2  1:20:33
Oh, you just gotta sit on this. You gotta let this simmer and hammer on it. Pick it up. We just threw it um,

Unknown Speaker  1:23:28
from the top five year old

Unknown Speaker  1:23:50
Matthias.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai