Speaker 1  02:59
Good morning and welcome to our time of worship together. Sing to the Lord a new song Sing to the Lord all the earth. Sing to the Lord, praise his name, proclaim His salvation day after day declare his glory among the nations his marvelous deeds among the people. For great is the Lord and most worthy of praise. Trust that's our prayer. Our goal for being here this morning is to praise our God. Let's begin our this time of our worship together by singing number 578. We will glorify

Unknown Speaker  04:05
King of Kings which we will Lord Lord badger majesty. Oui oui oui oui. Oui. He is Lord. Lord. Oh key key

Speaker 1  05:53
next song is the love of God number 122

Speaker 2  06:17
since the love of God priceless blessings on my head

Speaker 2  06:43
Good luck with him see if the hardest smell goes like this will we will see him since the Son of God came down with his love our lives to greater love Jesus died for you and me. T would love gah see this tender mercy in place got to be see him The world is lovebirds true and we are walking. We use lorem ipsum see the artist name goes like up play Through the Dory till we see him face to the

Speaker 1  10:26
next song alas and did my savior bleed. Number 324 your books and by the way, let's sing the chorus only after the second and fourth stances in here.

Unknown Speaker  11:09
Cindy Mize your bleed. Did my saw would he say la dee dee have the cross the cross where I saw the bird in my role. Well this is a way for men drops of grief Can he he does all the swearing arrive first saw the light and roll the tie we see happy all the day

Speaker 1  13:43
and our next song because he lives number 464.

Unknown Speaker  14:09
In his he came to the lab for the VA am t v c see me Si p e Oh sweet the Raiders this child can insert because he he the car row because he lives off v v and then one day how find my spa you know war with and gives way to see the glory he he calls ma ro mi see me

Speaker 1  18:22
amen next song number 916 What a day that will be

Speaker 2  18:51
every day one no no more no more tea to dim the all this be golden show me be Jesus I shall see. You say me by His grace takes me by We'll be there'll be no sorrow burdens to bear no mercy nice no pay no more will be who died for me? Ruby see me bye

Speaker 1  21:13
bye that will be great when we can see Jesus face to face take the one who redeemed us by the hand and he'll lead us through the promised land. Meanwhile here as we continue especially this morning in our worship by trust that our prayer is to that he would open our eyes

Speaker 2  22:03
We want to see G to reach out and say that we owe nah sorry. And oh, is low. We want to see eg Please

Unknown Speaker  22:54
be seated.

Speaker 3  23:15
What a beautiful sight this morning. God's people come to worship as a collective body. Thank you, Andy for leading those songs. I want to see Jesus. Is that our prayer this morning?

Speaker 3  23:44
Usually when I don't know about you, but usually when songs are being sung, there's something sticks to you a verse I mean, a phrase or even sometimes the next day you start humming that song this morning. It was at the cross at the cross. When I first saw the light, and the burden on my heart was rolled away. It just that just hit me. Yes, at the cross, the cross of Jesus, the blood of Jesus. I hope you're not carrying any burdens this morning. If you are I hope, I hope you can see Jesus in that burden will be rolled away. Welcome everyone. Everyone, I want to welcome you whether you're from here, whether you're from afar, whether you're visiting or whatever, I'm glad you're here, and so is the Lord. This morning I was reading and I came across a couple of verses in john that talks about being the children of God. Verse 11, john one Verse 11, says he came on to his own, and his own received Him not. Yes, he came to the Jews, and they did not receive him. But as many as received him to them, gave him the power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name, which were born not a blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor the will of man, but of God. What a promise that is. So this morning, if you're here, and you received Him, it says, as many as received Him, to them, he gave the power to become the sons of God, even to them that believed on his name, our position in Christ, or our position with God, the sons of God, just meditate on that for a little bit. I don't know. Lately, God has been speaking to me about that we don't claim the position that we have. In the kingdom of God, we just too many times, we read verses like this, and they just kind of go away, and the next day we're back in, whatever we're involved in, and we forget our position, you know, we are heirs with Christ. Oftentimes, we think, Well, Jesus Christ, the Son of God. But then Scriptures tell us that we're heirs with Christ. And we are called the sons of God. Someday, I envisioned this big banquet, this big table, and we're all going to have our position there. And if we're sons of God will probably be seated at the main table. You know, that's the way we do when we have banquets. The most important people, we line up and we get our seats. And, you know, I want my children to be seated around the table where I'm head of. And that's same way in the family of God. A position in Christ opened my eyes that I may see Jesus this morning. I'm so blessed to be here. I'm glad that Matthias was Matthias somewhere back there. I'm glad that he offered bring messages morning. So if you want to come forward, I looked him after that we'll have sharing time. And then, yes, we'll have Sunday school. Thank you, brother. Let's pray, Lord, let's lift our hands because the Bible says would that all men everywhere, lift up holy hands, and pray? Let's do that this morning. Lord, I thank you for this privilege to be be gathered in the name of Jesus, and to honor Jesus this morning. And allow your word to penetrate deep into our hearts that we may grow in you. And we allow your spirit to take full control here this morning. We allow Matthias to speak to us through your words, through your spirit, that we may be blessed in the name of Jesus. Amen.

Speaker 4  28:27
That by itself, sons of God it's amazing. Absolutely amazing. So if you if you guys needed needed to come here, for good news,

Unknown Speaker  28:40
you've already got it. Because the cool thing about sons is they share the DNA of their father.

Speaker 4  28:51
Jesus said He came to do the work of his father. We have the same privilege. So when when I was asked to preach this morning, before I said, Yes, guys are laying some things on my heart to share. I just wanted to start with this the good news that before the foundation of the world, God knew that you would be here today. If you're listening live and are watching the replay. God knew even that, that you would watch that. So I'm going to trust because this is my life like this is this is all I know, honest. I mean, this is where I'm coming to this is all I want to know. And it keeps taking me deeper of trust. There are things that I don't understand, but that he understands. And so before you woke up this morning before you went to bed last night, before he even laid anything on my heart. He was thinking about you. And he knew exactly at this moment, what you would need because He cares that specifically about you And about me. And it doesn't mean that we always understand. Because his thinking is so vast, but but it's an invitation to step into faith and to walk with Him. And as we walk with Him, we have this privilege of watching this thing unfold.

Unknown Speaker  30:19
So he knew, he knew you, he thought of you. He's still thinking about you. And so this is the thing that was on my heart this morning

Speaker 4  30:34
is to specifically minister to those of you where you're in this place of weariness, this place of exhaustion, this place of burnout, this place of, I've reached the limits of myself, and I need something. So before we even get into the message, I want to invite If that's you, if that resonates with you, I want to invite you to stand to your feet, and we're going to have a time of prayer for you guys.

Speaker 4  31:30
Jesus, You invited us to come to you, and then those who are weary would find rest in you. And so I am bringing these people because this is something specifically that you, I feel like you laid on my heart. And this is something that they're saying, yes, this is me, and I'm bringing them to you. And I'm asking this morning for refreshing. I'm asking this morning, that you would speak into their situations that they would that you would give wisdom, Holy Spirit, you are the source of our wisdom. And you know all things. So I invite you right now to minister to each one of these, each one of these individuals minister to their hearts, ministers, their bodies, Minister to their minds, Minister to their spirits.

Speaker 4  32:21
And for everybody, each one of us here this morning, I pray God that you would take us deeper into your freedom, and deeper into the into the promises of you. And deeper into the life that you've called us to live in Jesus name, amen.

Unknown Speaker  32:35
So this morning, I would

Speaker 4  32:37
invite you guys to turn to Exodus. And this is something that God has been laying on my heart for. It's been stirring in my heart for a while. Because I believe that one of the things that we're called to do as sons and daughters of God is that we are called to lead people out of slavery into freedom. We are called to be the ones who Jesus Himself said that he came to set the captives free. And we have the same call of God on our lives as his agents. And we are called also, to take whatever it is the bolt cutters, whatever it is to break those shackles, and to lead people from the slavery of Egypt, into the freedom of the promised land into the place where God has called him to be. This is our calling.

Speaker 4  33:28
So I'm going to start any fusion. I'm sorry, Exodus one. I'm starting in verse six, then Joseph died, and all his brothers in all that generation. And so like this story, this part of the story starts where there's there's a change of seasons, and there's a new, there's, there's, there's it's a change of seasons, the season of Joseph and his peers have gone. But the people of Israel were fruitful in increased greatly, they multiplied and grew exceedingly strong so that the land was filled with them. So this is a time of prosperity for the children of Israel. Now there arose a new king over Egypt, who did not know, Joseph. And he said to his people, behold, the people of Israel are too many and too mighty for us. So there's a change of season. And the king said, These people are now a threat to me. Here's one of the things that that we don't understand about, I think we frequently don't understand about the blessing of God is that sometimes it's actually the blessing of God that invites challenges into our lives. And we see this all the way throughout this, this first part where they are wrestling with Pharaoh. It was the increase and it was the blessing of God upon Israel, that that's that stirred these things in the new King's heart because he was he was afraid And he said to his people, behold, the people of Israel are too too many and too mighty for us. Come, let us deal shrewdly with them unless they multiply. And if war breaks out, they join our enemies and fight against this and escape from the land. We don't know exactly what was going on in the heart of the king. But if you're a new king, one of the first things that you want to do is you want to protect your position as King, you want to defend yourself against that. You wanted to defend his power, his resources, and his means to success is his means to wealth.

Speaker 4  35:39
The question that I have for each of us is one of the things that God wants to do is to take all of Egypt, and all of the Egyptian ways of thinking all of Pharaoh's ways of thinking, and he wants to crush it out of us. And he wants to take us into a place where our thinking, and our living is renewed and in alignment with him. As the king, when we have something to protect and defend, we will enslave the people around us. I think the easiest way to see this is as a parent, one of the one of the one of the the crushing things that that happens for us as parents in times is our reputation being being put down. It's nothing like a small child, to suddenly make you wonder, like, do I even know anything about raising children? There's nothing like a teenager to make you question that did I ever do, did I do enough did i do like, when we have a reputation to defend, when we have our image to defend, when we have anything that we have to defend of our own, we will create slavery to protect it. And that is an anti kingdom. That is a kingdom principle, but not a kingdom of God principle. There is the kingdom that is built around slavery. And it's not that. And the tools that we use to promote are the tools that we must use to protect. So this king comes into power, the very same tools that he used to contribute to establish His kingdom and established his right, were the very same tools that he needed to use to keep that in place, which we'll see coming through here.

Speaker 4  37:37
So if we're using, again, like guides, transparently, this is this is the unraveling of my life. But where I have built things upon a system, that is not of God, there's been an unraveling of the things of God, here's the fear. When you Jesus said that it is more difficult for a rich man to enter the kingdom than for a camel to go through the eye of a needle. When when we obtain our success through systems that we have built on our own, by the systems of man, apart from a reliance and independence on the Holy Spirit. And we say now I want to cross over and I want to go to the other side, and I want to surrender to the work. The work you've got. There is an unraveling that has to happen. Because those systems must come down, they must bow before Jesus Christ. And there is a letting go. Because there are things over here from the systems of man that we've learned that work, they produce some kind of results. They don't always bring good fruit or they produce some kind of results. And we have to be willing to say I let go of that. And I'm willing to surrender that. And then there's this journey of faith. Is this going to work? god are you real? This isn't working? It's not? God? Are you still there? I need like you said, You told me to do this. And look what happened.

Unknown Speaker  39:03
Are you

Speaker 4  39:05
Are you crazy? And and it takes us into this place of an absolute utter dependence on Jesus Christ in the work of the Holy Spirit, the leading of the Holy Spirit. Because there is no other gospel. There is no other way to live.

Speaker 4  39:23
Verse 11, therefore they set taskmasters over them to afflict them with heavy burdens. They built for Pharaohs, cities, pithom and rameses. But the more they were oppressed, the more they multiplied and the more they spread abroad, and the Egyptians were in dread in the people of Israel. One of the one of the signs of slavery is when there are unreasonable demands that are placed upon people. And we live in a culture both both within and outside of the church, that places unreasonable demands upon people simple fact, that the number one cause for for workplace disability is work related stress. So if the very thing that we are the is the very command that God gave us to, to, to, to cultivate the earth to rule the earth, if that very thing has become a burden that creates stress, and that deteriorates the body, that's slavery. Jesus Himself warned the Pharisees he said, Woe to you, because you're putting burdens upon people that they were never intended or never expected to, to meet, or to reach. And one of the marks of slavery is unreasonable expectations. And it was used to control people and keep them under subjection. And, and this is, this is one of the curses that that that Jesus came to break. And it's one that continues to this day.

Speaker 4  41:03
Sometimes it's it just happens out of ignorance. Sometimes in this case, it's a very deliberate it's a very deliberate method to control people. It's premeditated. It's designed to keep people keep people down and to wear them down. And I think I think for many of us, it's become so commonplace, that that we take it for granted. One of the questions that I have for you this morning, is, are there unreasonable burdens that have been that you have assumed that are not yours to carry? another observation, the more that they were oppressed, the more they multiplied. So here they are. God's blessing is on them. They experience resistance. This guy's tightening the screws. And what happens, they flourish, they succeed. They by every by every external appearance, they were being they were being crushed, they were being, they were being squeezed. And yet even in that place. They were they were prospering and they were being blessed. I think it's sometimes important to understand that in our times of greatest challenge, and a greatest pressure that they're in is some of the greatest fruit that is born. And that sometimes if we're facing pressure, that the pressure is actually when we're facing pressure, that that's actually like that, that it's easy to assume that that's that's always a sign that God's blessing is not on us. Here we see in the lives of the children of Israel, that as God's blessing was on them, the pressure increased. Then the king of Egypt said to the Hebrew midwives, one of whom was named shiphrah, and, and the other Pua, when you serve as a midwife to the Hebrew children and see them on the birth stool, if it is a son, you shall kill him. But if it is a daughter,

Unknown Speaker  43:30
she shall live.

Speaker 4  43:33
So one of the king, one of the kings, intense here was to kill the future of the children of Israel. If he could not tighten the screws on them and make life so difficult for them that they would not prosper, he would cut them off so that their future would be completely, completely annihilated.

Speaker 4  44:00
There's a wise man once who once said that one of the most resource rich places on the earth is in the graveyards in the cemeteries across the earth.

Speaker 4  44:17
Because I know that in every, every one of our lives in our hearts, there has been something that God has placed inside of us. And there's something that the world awaits and assignment from him that will only be fulfilled if First of all, we come to a knowledge of the, of the saving work of Jesus Christ. And then second of all, we allow him to take us on the process of breaking. We allow, we allow the Egypt to shape us and to mold us and lead us into a place of surrender and It's only from there, that Jesus, Jesus received the full fruit of his, of his reward of the sacrifice that he made. This is making sense with me. But the whip midwives feared God, verse 17, and did not do as the king of Egypt commanded them, but that let the male children live. One of the things that I see throughout this whole story is this juxtaposition between a system of man and a surrender, a surrender to God, there was a there was a decision that those midwives made in that moment where they weighed the cost. And you already know in that kind of a situation, if they're willing to if the king is willing to tighten the screws that much on these people, that who's to know whether this will cost us our lives, we don't know. And yet in that place, they made a decision. And they said, We will not bow to the systems of man, but we will bow to the king and only the king.

Speaker 4  46:43
I think one of the fears that we have, around this whole thing of full surrender to Jesus Christ, in full surrender to the leading of the Holy Spirit is around this. Can we talk about fears? The fear is this. What happens when we surrender if we surrender to the Holy Spirit? And what happens to what happens to accountability? What happens when we say that you must answer to God and you must give an account to him? What happens to accountability?

Speaker 4  47:16
And the question that I have, what does happen? I want to flip the question around what happens when we have a community of believers, whose number one priority is living in full surrender to Jesus Christ, and where the accountability happens naturally, because I am surrendered to Him one head, you are surrendered to Him one head, and as we are together, surrendered to Him, there is accountability. Where if you're a midwife, you dare not sacrifice the life of this child, because because we are the people of God, we will yield to him. And if God is saying something, if God is asking something of you, we will stand beside you, and we will walk with you. Even if you don't understand, even if it's hard, we will even walk with you when you make mistakes, because our value still remains that he is the king and he is Lord and we will walk with you. That is accountability. How many people have you had I have people in my life? Who will call me out if God leaves something on my heart and I do not do it? So do you have those people in your life where they say, but God said Where is your Yes. Because we can go through life. We can have accountability, that that is centered around man system. But what does accountability ability look like? That is surrendered to the ways of God? What is it this week? What is it this week that he's laid on your heart? To reach out to somebody else to do something and active obedience? What is it? Have you done it? It might not make sense. It might not be easy. It may require laying down of the will. His graces there were yes is. So it is in this context of slavery, of oppression of weight that the deliverer was born.

Speaker 4  49:47
jumping ahead, Exodus two verse 23. During those many days, the king of Egypt died and the people of Israel groaned because of their sleep. Rain cried out for help. Their cry for rescue from slavery came up to God and God heard their groaning. And God remembered his covenant with Abraham and Isaac and with Jacob, God saw the people of Israel and God knew

Speaker 4  50:19
when our lives are built on on these pillars, then then we see this sometimes Egypt is what it takes to turn up the heat so far, that we're willing to offer a cry up to God, and to say, God, set us free. So that, that God so that God sets, things in motion, and we God raises up to deliver to allow us to step over into where he's called us to be.

Unknown Speaker  50:58
So here's what it looks like practically. Again, very honest part of my life. There are things in my life that I don't like.

Speaker 4  51:12
There are things in my life, that I know God is doing a work through. There are things in my life where I know that I am.

Unknown Speaker  51:31
Jesus helped me.

Speaker 4  51:35
How honest Can you be with God? And how much pressure is it going to take of Egypt to make you allow you to be honest with God? God, the pressures on I don't like this, something's wrong. I don't even know if if I'm, I don't even know if I'm in the right place. I don't even know what the correct way is to pray about this. I know that I'm supposed to pray this good way. And yet in my heart, I feel like David and I just want to like, like, I just want to rent and rail and yet Am I allowed to? And the question is, how honest Are you able to be? So we're gonna do something. Because I think in this case, sometimes, sometimes faith does look like doing. So here's what we're gonna do. We're gonna play a song. And during this song, there is an invitation to you to cry out. And here's the thing you get to choose. You get to choose how you just get to choose, you get to choose what you cry out for, you get to choose the degree that you want to cry out for it. You get to choose this, this point right here, where they cried out the children of Israel cried out to God for deliverance was a turning point. I'm not saying this is the formula, but I'm saying it was a turning point. So we're going to turn on some music. And we're gonna pray out loud. I don't care if it's crying out for somebody that that is close to you. I don't care if it's crying out for some for for things of your own. I don't care what it is. But I'm inviting you to cry out for the freedom for the captives. So we're just going to do that right now.

Unknown Speaker  53:41
There is power.

Unknown Speaker  53:49
There is power.

Unknown Speaker  53:58
There is a

Unknown Speaker  54:06
break every chain. Break every chain Break every

Unknown Speaker  54:15
to break every chain. Break every chain, break every Come on.

Unknown Speaker  54:31
Come on, you're declaring there is

Unknown Speaker  54:39
there is power. We know

Unknown Speaker  54:47
where it is to break in. Right. Have a

Unknown Speaker  54:57
great day.

Speaker 4  57:59
There are chains that are not broken by any other means, but by the working of the Holy Spirit by a surrender to his voice. This system cannot break chains. Moses himself tried it, he tried of his own to be the deliverer. And God took him into this place where God said, No, I'm going to take you into the wilderness. And I will allow you to work with sheep. And you are going to learn my ways in the wilderness, so that I can trust you so that you become surrendered to me, and that you can lead these people out of slavery.

Speaker 4  58:42
I think it's important to note that you can never beat a pharaoh at his own game. The systems of man cannot beat the systems of man. And you can't break the systems of man with the systems of man. And if you try to do that, you'll trade one slavery for another. And there's only one way which we'll get to. But Moses said to God, sorry, jumping ahead to chapter three, verse 11, who am I, that I should go to Pharaoh and bring the children of Israel out of Egypt? So I don't understand that. So. So now God is working in the heart of the one who will deliver. And I don't know exactly what's going on in his heart.

Speaker 4  59:32
You know, it could be that he was just asking questions. But if we look at some of these questions that he's raising, there are some really deep questions, like his own confidence was shattered. Because he had tried to do it before and now God's calling him back to it. Moses said to God, if I come to the people of Israel and say to them, the God of your fathers has sent you and they asked me, What is his name? What should I say them? What do I say? How do I answer them? Objection number three, then Moses answer behold, chapter four, verse one, they will not believe me or listen to my voice for they will say, The Lord did not appear to you. He has all of these reasons why not. Moses said to the Lord, oh, my Lord, I'm not eloquent either in the past or since you have spoken to your servant, but I am slow speech and tongue. And on his fourth objection, God finally confronts him and calls him out on it. And then God relents, and he says, Okay, so here's the compromise, Aaron will be your spokesperson. Now, now that we've dealt with that, will you go, can we just go.

Speaker 4  1:00:43
One of the things that God has to deal with in our own lives, is around our willingness to embrace what he's calling us to do, to lay aside because in, in the kingdom, in the kingdom of God, there is there is one thing that we steward, and it's obedience to Him.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:05
It is not,

Speaker 4  1:01:08
it is not education, although he can use that. It's not our history, which, although he can use that, it's not our expertise, although he can use that our credibility does not come from the credibility of the systems of this world, our only credibility comes from our surrender, and are yielding this to him. And we see Moses wrestling with this, with this call, wrestling with God. And we're not gonna go too deeply into this. But this starts a very real, powerful, intense confrontation between Moses and Aaron, the men of God, and Pharaoh.

Speaker 4  1:01:56
And I think one of the things that that is like this. One of the things that's like, almost like, deer in the headlights with this, is when when when you understand that there are patterns of behavior that follow Pharaoh's way of doing things. And you start recognizing some of those own patterns in your own life. And you start recognizing how much even the religious systems of today have, have used some of those same patterns as a way to lead people. And this again, this is not I don't mean this in any way of like, this is not an attack, this is not a, I don't even know what what I've come to find is that I was gonna say this, a year ago, God took me into this place, through very close interaction with a handful of people that started to open my eyes to exactly how strong and how powerful things like psychological, for lack of a better word, psychological abuse, what it is, and what it actually looks like. And the shocking thing to me was, how many of these same tactics and some of those same things that that I have absorbed, and that we have absorbed as a way of leading people into what we believe to be good?

Speaker 4  1:03:27
So if we condone these things, and we understand if we're if we abuse people psychologically, and then we wonder why there are, there's dysfunction. We wonder why there's hurt, we wonder why there's emotional abuse, we wonder why there's physical abuse.

Speaker 4  1:03:53
So here's just a handful of things. Exodus five, verses one and two, afterwards, Moses and Aaron went to Pharaoh that says, The Lord the God of Israel, let my people go, that they may hold a feast for me in the wilderness. And Pharaoh said, Who is the Lord, that I should obey His voice and let Israel go? I do not know the Lord. And moreover, I will not let Israel go.

Speaker 4  1:04:23
Surely we surely I never deny anybody else, the privilege of walking in obedience to God. And yet, there is sometimes this voice of wisdom, this voice of and I'm not saying there's not a walking out of what God has called us to do. I'm not saying that at all. I'm not. There's a lot that I'm not saying here. But if we allow the wisdom and the systems of man to overrule what God himself has spoken, then we have put ourselves into a place of slavery. And so what happens is that we cause sons and daughters to question the voice of their very own father. And so there's this confusion about identity because my father told me, and yet, here's what I hear from the people around me. The only way I can reconcile it, he told me to submit to two

Unknown Speaker  1:05:20
guys like

Speaker 4  1:05:24
he told me, he told me to submit to, to the church, the people of God. And yet here, he's laying this on my heart, and I have to reconcile this. So how do I reconcile this? And it creates an incredible amount of confusion.

Speaker 4  1:05:49
If it sounds like I'm hoping you guys hear my heart because if it sounds like I'm attacking the church, it's not my heart. God desires is,

Unknown Speaker  1:06:05
Jesus helped me.

Speaker 4  1:06:15
God desires his people, his sons and daughters to live in freedom. That's Jesus died for that He gave His life for that. Exodus fibers, six to eight, the same day, Pharaoh commanded the taskmasters are the people in there for men, you shall no longer give the people straw to make Rex's in the past, let them go and gather straw for themselves. But the number of bricks that they made and made for them in the past, you shall impose on them, you shall by no means reduce it, for they are idle. So here, when Pharaoh wasn't getting the results, he tightens up control. He leads heavier burdens, he raises expectations, he sets the bar higher. So if you're not going to listen, let's set the bar higher. And let's see how you how you how you deal with that. Then the foreman from the children of Israel came, came back to Pharaoh. And Pharaoh said, You are idle, you are idle. That is why you say let us go and sacrifice to the Lord. Under what scenario they were productive before, before they started asking to get free, they were productive enough. When they started asking to be free, they were no longer productive enough. So at exactly which point in the process did they become idle. And Pharaoh begins to to twist and manipulate reality of the work that the Israelites were actually doing. And he refused to take responsibility for his own choices. And he placed them on the shoulders of the people that he was enslaving. In fact, I would say he went so far as to, to attack and to ruin the character of the Israelites calling them liars saying that they were idle.

Speaker 4  1:08:16
When Moses returned the share the good news of the covenant of God, the Israelites refused to listen. Because their spirits were broken. If Exodus six nine, Moses spoke thus to the people of Israel, but they did not listen to Moses because of the broken spirit in harsh slavery.

Speaker 4  1:08:39
And then we see this constant guessing guesswork of what affairs work. He's always saying it was. So Moses comes to him, there's another play. He's like, Oh, yeah, I get it. I was wrong. Like, go pray. And I'll let you guys go. And they went and prayed everything got better. And he said, Nope, nope, not gonna happen. And this was the cycle cycle cycle cycle. So these, these people were constantly he was there is this constant guesswork of where is like, what's Pharaoh actually thinking? Like, is he actually going to let us go? Or is he actually just going to enslave us enslave us further. And then as they exited Egypt, at long last, they, they plundered they actually plundered the Egyptians on their way out. And there's there's a lot more to this journey than leaving Egypt. Because there's the story of the wilderness where God crushes their unbelief and leads them into this place of like literally waiting for unbelief to die off. And learning obedience. But here's here's what I see as the most important piece through this whole part of the story, which is the place of weariness in the place of doubt and the place of confusion, the place of fear, exhaustion, burnout, Exodus 13, verses 21 and 22. And the Lord went before them by day in a pillar of clouds, to lead them along the way, and by night in a pillar of fire to give them light that they might travel by day and by night, the pillar of cloud by day in the pillar of fire by night did not depart from it before the people. This pillar of fire is a, it is a physical demonstration of exactly what we've seen at work and Moses's life leading them out of Egypt. I think sometimes we missed it. We know that the hope that the bite that that scripture is the is the holy, inspired, inerrant Word of God. And it is a story of the voice of God, interacting with mankind from the beginning of creation, all the way through, through through to the very end. And so the lesson is not just the words that are written, but it's also the lesson is in the story itself, where Moses was in conversation with God, and God led him and if you think about how absolutely stupid this look from the outside, here's a man who is first of all, born in Hebrew, raised in Pharaoh's courts. nosies to deliver, tries to deliver has to run away for 40 years. God calls him back he questions it says he's not eloquent enough, even though he was trained in, in Pharaoh's courts. And now he comes back, and God says, you do this. And so he does that. And what happens things get worse for the people and then God's and so he goes back to God, he says, God, what now this is terrible. This isn't working, like what do I do? And God says, go do this. And he goes, and does it. And then sure enough, like things get worse again. And he goes, and he goes back to God, he's got Okay, God, what now? Well go do this. Okay, well, we'll go do this. And things get worse. And people now really don't like him. And it keeps going through this process of each of the plagues, until all of a sudden, they get delivered. They plunder Egypt, they run away, and then they get to the Red Sea. And they're like, like, okay, so you brought us out here to die. And he's like, okay, God, this wasn't how I expected this story to end, what do I do now? And he's like, well, they parted the Red Sea, the Egyptians drowned. We have this mindset around obedience and surrender to God that says that, if I, if I walk in obedience to God, I will be well, and it will be. But there's also a very good possibility that will lead you straight back into a position that requires you to scratch your head and say, okay, God, what next? And many times, if you're in an Egypt, it's there, because you've taken a lengthy journey into Egypt. And God has a very specific pathway that he wants you to take to get out of Egypt. And here's how you do it. God, where do you want me to go? Here's the step. Okay, God, this doesn't make sense. Now I have this problem. What do I do? Okay, like, I'll take this step, I'll take this step, and he will lead you step by step out of Egypt. This is not something that can be connived. This isn't like some kind of strategic plan that you can put together. This isn't like something that you can just deduce and figure out, because that's not how God works.

Speaker 4  1:13:29
It's something that we have to walk out. It's something that's called faith. Here's the good news. If you're hungry, weak, thirsty, weary. Jesus set the example john for 32. He said to them, my food is to do the will of Him who sent me in to accomplish his work. Many times we live in Egypt, and we're like, God, I can't stay in Egypt anymore. This is too much. I've had too much I can't stand it. There's one answer. Well, there's, there's multiple answers we can try. We can try to reason our way out of Egypt into a place of fulfillment. But there's only one place of true fulfillment, which is God, what would you have me to do? And as we walk in the will of God, that is where we are fed, our food is to do to do the will of Him who sent us. And just in case, you ever think you're crazy for questioning God's work, even though you stepped out in obedience, even though you walked with Him. Remember that even Moses did this? Because Moses turn to the Lord and said, Oh, Lord, why have you done evil to these people? Why did you ever send to me? For since I came to Pharaoh to speak in your name, he has done evil to this people and you have not delivered your people at all. Moses have been God, this situation can change. I think here's the important thing to understand about stewardship.

Speaker 4  1:15:10
Our, our stewardship in the kingdom of God is a stewardship of obedience to Him. And there are things that this has been like as my as my understanding of surrender to Him has grown. There's the understanding that there's one thing that I can I can choose, I can choose to listen, and I can choose to obey. And what he does with the outcome of that is no longer my responsibility. The greatest barrier that the Israelites faced, in all of this was of unbelief.

Speaker 4  1:15:54
So Jesus himself was a picture was a man of light kind of Moses, and in the same way, that Moses through surrender to God walking out God's plan for him, and for the Israelites led people out of captivity into freedom. So also, Jesus himself was a man who walked out the plan of God on his life, surrender to the Holy Spirit, leading them out of though he was fully God, he was fully man leading people out of slavery, into freedom. So to now we his children, are sons and daughters of God, we share his his likeness, we share his DNA, he is God, we are not, and yet we are his sons and daughters. And we too, have this call to take people from a place of slavery, and lead them into this place of freedom. And part of the call of the sons and daughters of God is that everywhere that we go, whether it's our home, whether it's our workplace, whether it's our church, whether it's our friendships, whatever it is, every place that we go, that there should be an increasing amount of true freedom in that place. And, and that is one of the marks of, of us walking as sons and daughters. So that when I am face to face with you, we're working on this, there is this unraveling of shame, there is this unraveling of doubt, there is this unraveling of insecurity, there is this unraveling of the systems of man that have twisted your thinking, and there is this growth that comes into the ways of God. And when somebody sits down, or somebody passes or interacts with or meets with a man or a woman of God, they should leave that place feeling lighter than they did before. Not saying nothing. Unless, unless you should lead with conviction, like Bill like you guys get what I'm saying like like there should be freedom that comes out of that, because that is our calling. We're called to lead people out of slavery into freedom. And there's only one path. And I've set my heart on knowing just this. The path is living in surrender in obedience to God walking where he would have me to walk, saying yes to what he would have me to say yes to saying no to everything else. And and quite honestly, quite frankly, seems so utterly simple. It's really, really is and allowing and then trusting him with the outcome of those decisions. Is it simple? Yes. Is it always easy? No. It comes with sacrifice, it comes with crushing, it comes with breaking, it comes with surrender. But there's no better place to be. And that's the place from which we lead people into freedom. I want you guys to stand here. I'm gonna pray for you guys.

Speaker 4  1:18:49
God your heart for us. Each one of us is to take the ways of man's thinking, to take the Babylonian thing of the Egyptian thinking that all of the foreign ways of thinking and to undo all of those things, and to redo our thinking into your ways. So God, I just pray that any place where we've had these ways of relating with people, leading people, interacting with people, influencing people, any of those ways that are not in surrender and not in alignment with how you would have us to live God we surrender those our desire is to walk in the footsteps of Yes, here is a faith like Moses but most importantly to walk in the footsteps of Jesus. Because we know that you walked perfectly this process of leading people out of slavery and into freedom. I just pray for I pray for each person here this morning that is that feels the shackles the cold metal of the shackles on their their hands and their feet. gonna ask that you would break those in the name of Jesus. And I pray that you would raise up for yourself out of this. Out of this group of people, no matter where they call home, you would raise up people who are chain breakers, shackle destroyers, people who will lead people out of captivity, and lead them into the, into the promised land into a land of really into the place of relationship and communion and surrender and obedience to you and your word. So we acknowledge you as King once again. And we acknowledge our love to you once again. We love you in Jesus name, amen.

Unknown Speaker  1:21:01
As k, this is your time to share. And like the yesterday come forward with mics. What did you get out of the message? Surrender, deliverance, and a journey in between. This is a journey we're on.

Speaker 5  1:21:38
Thank you, brother for being willing to share and being faithful in the call that God has placed upon your life. What I heard this morning is that our purpose here is for redemption. Like that's why why we're on the earth. And that's something that I've been seeing for a little bit now is like, why is God still have us here? It's so that we can walk like Jesus, interact with the world around us and cause redemption to happen. So thank you so much with us. Thank you.

Speaker 6  1:22:29
Wow, that was so powerful. And I just thank the Lord for who he is. I guess the journey that I have been on? Has, yeah, I mean, God has, is taking men to those places. And this is all about him. I can't take anything to myself. Because it's his life in me. But I just four years, I think probably the hardest in my life started in 2000. Little before that. And it was just really, really hard. And I remember praying and God was silent. And crying out, I go into my closet and just cry out and there was silence for a long time. And I guess, as the journey as my life with him kept. I kept looking to him, it was like, then I knelt before him. And I fell prostrate before him. And now he's asking me to stand and to stand in the victory that he that he is. And it's not been an easy journey. It's been a journey of emotional warfare. And it's terrific. But as I believe the truth of who he is versus circumstances or versus what it felt like, it's so free. And I just, I just marvel at him. And I guess what he was saying about taking us into his hard places over and over again. The trust grows, it just does. That's who God is. He doesn't let us in those places without working his purposes in our lives. And I just, I just marvel at who he is. And I just say thank you, Lord. And through the whole process I have I recognize that that my righteousness is nothing but it's a gift from him. And just to embrace the inheritance that I have in him and just even more recently in the last week or so. I'm just saying thankful to the Lord that Phil and I have both been crying out together. And we have just been praying that verse and claiming it. Let's see if I can find it here. It says, it talks about wrestling not about against. No, that's not the one. The weapons

Speaker 3  1:25:29
are not carnal, but mighty through Christ Jesus. wrestle not against flesh and blood.

Speaker 6  1:25:35
Okay, I had a blog here. You helped me, honey, let's get together. No weapon that is formed against us shall prosper. And every time that rises up against us in judgment, he will condemn, and that we are the servants of him. And this is this is our heritage. And it's like, wow, Lord, it's, I just love him. And I just thank him for bringing us into this place with him. And again, it is it's his life, it's not ours.

Speaker 3  1:26:20
Thank you. The reward? Yes, is well worth the surrender. One of the questions Matthias asked was what happens when we surrender to the will of God. And he didn't read the verse, but the reward for the midwives was that therefore God dealt well with the midwives. And the people multiplied and waxed very mighty. That was a reward, surrender, obedience. And God dealt very well with them.

Speaker 7  1:27:31
Thank you, Matthias for the message. To me, it spoke purpose. Like so many times in life, we can kind of belong in life. And we don't really like what are we here for? What is the next step, but it gives so much purpose to know that every single day, the plan is to God's plan is to, for us to take people to that place of freedom, in every walk of life, and I don't need a position to actually stamp that on my heart in life. And so I just want to say thank you, and I just I want to be faithful, something, something else, Matthias who said, about our surrender. Now the depth of if this is wrong, let me know, the depth of our surrenders and our obedience. Is that what you said? I don't know if that's what's up. That's what I heard anyway. So I will take that for me. If you didn't say that. Anyway, I just realized that I can fight against stuff so quickly, but in my obedience that like, I think it's good when we check ourselves like, Where is our surrender with God? like am I willing to be the most radical things are the most mundane things like changing a child's pamper, and whatever. So thank you so much.

Speaker 8  1:28:55
It's an honor for the Hoover family to have some lifelong friends with us here today, Mike and jenelle. We've enjoyed a weekend together. And I say that partly because many of you have prayed for this couple, especially for Janell has had a bit of a battle with cancer for the last several years, and I was just sitting here as we were worshiping this morning. We're just thinking how many answered prayers are just sitting right here, between my wife with her heart condition and with jenelle. And it's just a blessing. So honor God this morning, where, again, it will just celebrate a good weekend together. But we honor God for His faithfulness through this journey.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:41
Thank you, Nelson.

Speaker 9  1:30:00
There's a couple things I was thinking about one during the sermon. Matthias mentioned that in the middle of the Egyptian slavery, a deliverer was born. And it just struck me how much that points towards Christ in the middle of the Roman takeover. There deliver was born in Jesus. And it's just always amazes me whenever the Old Testament points to Jesus, and yeah, I mean, I know it's supposed to, but it still amazes me sometimes. And then the other thing I want to say is a prayer request. Here's a young lady at work a local and I don't want to give her name just give her more privacy. But she's obviously been struggling with something. Just the other day, she was just incredibly emotional. And it's just been really rough to know because I don't know her spiritual status or anything like that. I don't know much about her family. But some some of the things that that have happened in the past just indicate to me that that maybe her home situation, isn't that great or something? So if we could just be praying for her that she would just know how much God loves her and cares about her? I don't know. Again, I don't know if she's church. I don't know. She's a Christian. But it's just been kind of a burden on my heart this weekend. That, that there's something going on. And yeah, to just pray and let her know, like, hey, if you need to talk about something, we'll be here for you. So she's, she's a local girl lives in the community? I don't Yeah, I don't know very much about her just because she doesn't, doesn't share very much. But I feel like there's something something's difficult going on and just pray for us as in clothing as we minister to her that she can feel God's presence and that this week, we can know what we should say or if we should say something or Yeah, how best to help her.

Unknown Speaker  1:32:20
Thank you.

Speaker 3  1:32:25
Okay, let's pray for the lady that Scylla is Dr. Lord this morning, we pray for the lady that Scylla has contact with. We pray that she could find victory in her life that you would commit her life totally to you. And I asked Lord for wisdom for Scylla as she deals with her that you would give her wisdom to know what to say at the right time, and that your spirit would lead her so that this lady could find peace and victory in her life and commit her life to you. In Jesus name. Amen. Good morning. We have a special guest with us. And I'm gonna call for a song. Go ahead with the testimony.

Speaker 10  1:33:14
Sorry, you can go ahead. I just had a prayer request. My brother went in for a heart Cath this week and they didn't let him go home. And he is scheduled for open heart surgery tomorrow morning. First thing and so I think it's like a four or five bypass. Obviously, the hearts in my family aren't the greatest. So if somebody here feels called to pray, I think he is watching this morning. I sent him a link. He's had quite a few days that have been long, he can't have visitors. He's been a little discouraged just getting close to the surgery. This morning. There was some discouragement and he was given a verse last night if anybody wants to text him or send a YouTube song to him, he would love that. But if somebody here feels called to pray for him, his name is Gerald. And I guess just pray that this would continue to strengthen his faith and our family.

Speaker 3  1:34:12
Thank you Karen for that and just encourage your brother, girl.

Speaker 5  1:34:28
Father, we thank you that you have sent your spirit and spirit you are the Spirit of comfort and right now we just cry out for Garin. Father, we know that you are present with him. And so we are asking that you would just flood his room right now with your very presence that he would experience your rest. And Father as he goes into this time of surgery, it's a time of chaos. It's a time of fear. But Father, I thank you that that would not be his reality but he would have a reality of peace, that he would have a reality of joy even in the midst of the pain because he can trust in your faithfulness because truly You are faithful. Father, we thank you for wholeness and for healing in Jesus name, amen. Amen.

Speaker 3  1:35:19
Thank you Ricky. I think we'll call for the song and then we'll have Matt introduce his friend and friends gonna share this morning. So let's have the song and turn it over to Matt.

Speaker 11  1:36:07
For the second time, this pain in his stomach it's not just from this he was born in taxi cab in 1970. Without a mom cry. Everybody wants to play. Everybody needs ceiling. Everyone needs a reason for living. With their hearts wide open. It begins with you and Jesus. Philadelphia locked in juvie now, we sing for everyone who wants to play everybody. Everyone needs a reason living

Unknown Speaker  1:38:04
just

Speaker 11  1:38:07
begins with of drugs and chasing things. never gave him freedom only left to last.

Speaker 11  1:38:51
Everybody nice. Everyone needs a reason for the mv 30 years later, locked in a prison. So is where he found Jesus and the answer to the questions in the Dow Sell them Jesus is reason

Speaker 12  1:40:38
2014 I was privileged to meet the gentlemen this song was written about standing behind a door. emotionals morning, you had to forgive me, standing behind a door with a side of his face crushed in. And I remember sharing with you all that story of God healing his face, and you're celebrating with me. And then asking y'all for prayer for this gentleman. And four years later, sitting in my office, I was privileged to be there when he gave his life to Jesus Christ. Thank God, he's no longer in prison. But he's out and he's here this morning. That's why I'm emotional. This morning, drove up to my house. And I was able to give him a hug for the first time. That's a big deal. So praise God for Matt and Danielle being here this morning. And I'm gonna let Matt share a few words you'd like to share a few words with the church here. So if you want to just turn your attention him right now, Matt, if you stand up just

Unknown Speaker  1:41:42
so that that's my story. haven't really talked in front of a big crowd like this. So

Speaker 13  1:41:51
there's some gentlemen here that know me because they worked in DRC. I spent a long time there. I used to live a different life. I thought it was a I thought it'd be tough and I didn't have God with me. Anyway, I almost lost my life in prison. And through the grace of God and chaplain man, a bunch of the other chaplains here. Like I found his freedom and his joy that I never had. They actually helped me get out of prison. I'm not from the state, so I don't have anybody. And there was no place for me to go. And you know, I went to a seminar bondage to freedom in prison with these chaplains. And there was a lot of us gangbangers in there and you know, guys that we had to live this tough guy life and we're on our knees crying at the church or the cross with these chaplains praying over us. And we felt joy for the first time and you know, a lot of us are from foster homes and broken families and we found this this place that we could just be us and it was this new freedom for me and like I said, from a terminal life over to God and got baptized but chaplain Matt, and I'm free I've been out less than six months. Not a beautiful fiance. I just bought a car I got a great house I got a great job. And there were reward is that I don't have all this evil in my heart anymore. I don't feel I got a fight all the time. In my life was really bad growing up in Philly, and I don't have all this hate in me anymore. I'm here in church with all you people. And y'all kind of blessed me, helped me with money to get out of prison. I don't know any of y'all except for the guys. That was in prison with the chaplains. But uh, thank y'all. Thanks for welcoming me and my fiance here. Being an ex criminal. You know, there's a lot of hope in my life now. So I'm grateful to be here. And y'all got to hug chaplain Matt today. He sold me at my worst. I was almost died. So mobile phases rebuilt now reconstruct it and he saw me right then and I was in the hole. And yeah, I'm blessed. I can't even believe I'm here. I'm late it. So there's an officer that that's here this morning. And he looked at me and shook my hand. He didn't look at me like a criminal. He, he shook my hand like, man, and that's. That's the grace of God. So thanks for having me. Thanks for listening. My story. bless y'all. And I know y'all got stories. And that's the reality of his life. But I found with my story, not having anything like less than five months out of prison. I have this beautiful life now. It's because I never gave up on believing that God actually loved me. So God bless y'all, man. Thanks for listening.

Speaker 12  1:44:58
So to the church here Thank you so much for your support of prison ministry. God has used you in a tremendous way. And I'm grateful. God bless y'all this morning.

Unknown Speaker  1:45:12
Isn't God good? Thank you, Matt for coming. Surrender and reward. What a blessing. In light of that, I'm going to open it up, is there another testimony somebody wants to hear. That's why we're here for. So Praise the Lord. honor him. Give him the glory.

Speaker 10  1:45:47
It's really good to be here. And I just have to brag on God. Last month, God just laid it really on my heart, that I need to be here to celebrate. With our daughter returning, we'll let her tell you how old she is. But we're so proud of her. And God has blessed her in so many ways. Bless her life. And with when you have three flights, and rental cars, and motel and all of that, and it all just came together like clockwork, it was just beautiful. And so we just give God all the praise and all the glory for that this morning.

Unknown Speaker  1:46:21
Thank you for sharing,

Speaker 8  1:46:39
Matt, for bringing him here this morning. Love you, man. I just want to glorify glorify God, just real quick for Matthias what he preached this morning and just got to see that flesh out. Morning as we were coming to church, Karen asked if I'd be willing to, to pray for her brother, Gerald. And I just didn't have a piece about it. So as we were sitting here, debating if we should just ask the church to pray, which really shouldn't have been a debate should just just been happened. But she said, Would it be okay if if I'd asked Ricky to pray? I said, No. Why don't you just leave it open? And let the Holy Spirit move in that? And she did that. And the mic went directly to Ricky. So I just honored Jesus, it's just some of those simple blind steps. And I don't know why I don't know why God had that other than maybe it's just to confirm in us. But keep, like Matthias shared, keep following the Holy Spirit on that journey through your life just one step at a time whether you understand it or not. I don't know why I didn't have peace about that. But anyway, thank you, Jesus. Thank you,

Unknown Speaker  1:47:57
Ron, running

Unknown Speaker  1:48:05
are amazing.

Unknown Speaker  1:48:10
here when I had.

Speaker 14  1:48:12
And so that's like my place when we come here early, I love to go in the nursery and sit in those rocking chairs. And I was sitting there this morning. And on the Bible app, just talking to God. And he brought to mind, or I just thought about turning the Psalms, and then the date for today the 21st. And so I read that and Matt, I would just like to bless you with these verses is psalms 21. verses one through seven God gave these to me this morning, I've I don't have a story like you do. But I do have a story. And for 30 years, I viewed God in such a distorted way because something happened to me when I was eight. And God gave me these verses this morning and I would like to give them to you as well in reading them. It's psalm of David reading them as God giving them to you and to me. How I rejoice. Lord, I shout with joy because you give gave me victory. For you have given me My heart's desire. You have held nothing I request withheld nothing I requested. You welcomed me back with success and prosperity. He placed a crown of finest gold on my head. I asked you to preserve my life and you granted my request the days of my life stretch on forever. Your victory brings me great honor and you have clothed me with splendor and majesty you have endowed me with eternal blessings and given me the joy of your presence. For I trust in the Lord. The unfailing love of the Most High will keep me from stumbling So I just pray that over you and your household as you go from here.

Speaker 15  1:50:24
I just want to bless Josiah today, it's his birthday. And we're just really proud of him. And so thankful that God placed him in our family. As much as I had just blessed you with just the wisdom of the Lord has created you to be a very smart little boy. And you're so creative, and you are protector, and you take good care of your sisters. And, but as we surrender, just all that He has given you to God, He will give you wisdom, and you'll just be very successful. And yeah, I was wondering if we could just sing happy birthday to him this morning.

Speaker 3  1:51:28
think we'll open up for announcements. I personally don't have any announcements. But there may be some announcements here that people want.

Speaker 1  1:51:44
As a small group, we have prepared a meal for all our visitors over in the fellowship hall after church. like for you to join us for that if you need a place to go for lunch. Yeah, if I don't get to you afterwards, consider this your invitation.

Speaker 5  1:52:05
All right. Well, I'm looking forward to the group discussion here this morning, Alvin zoek, will be leading that here in the main sanctuary. There was Sunday School for the children. I'm sure they're they're anxious to get to their Sunday school room. So two announcements there, they youth girls class, there's a that classes canceled the day. So you're welcome to stay here in the main sanctuary. And then Noah Miller is leading the youth guys class in the fellowship hall. So I want to say Matt, thanks for coming today. And being here with us, God bless you, buddy. I'm

Speaker 16  1:52:37
super proud of you, man. So for all the men that are interested in going through the conquer series, I have set up a group on soul refiner.com, I'm not quite sure, I haven't quite got the link, I want to get the link out to probably Nate so he can send it out to the church, you can use that link then to go in and sign up for the group. At this point it I think we're going to start March 9 in the fellowship hall. And sorry, Abby, I haven't got with you, I want to, I'll double check that but as at this point, it'll be starting March ninth, that's a Tuesday in the fellowship hall starting at 630. And it's going to be every Tuesday for six weeks. So if you're interested in that, hopefully by Monday morning, we can get that link set out that you can click on and sign up. And then that way, we'll know who all's involved. And the quicker you do it, then we can get the books ordered for the classes, make sure you guys have what you need to get started.

Speaker 3  1:53:43
Thank you, guy. I just want to put a plug in for that. All you man, I've been through that. It's it's a very, very good series. I would advise every man to take that.

Speaker 17  1:54:01
I guess I'm supposed to stand up nowadays. First of all, I'd like to give another testimony. Just thank Matthias for, for that message is always a neat thing in there. And when Moses was arguing with God, and God asked him what's in your hand, and Moses said, a staff or a stick, just a stick. So what's in our hand? And it's interesting that God made that stick into the rod of God. So what's what's in our hand even you young people that are working on the household table? You might think, oh, we're just cleaning junk. But that because of that, we could see what the testimony that was here this morning because of what was what you've done. A couple announcements First of all, we'd like to welcome Mary Buker here as our assistant as reentry assistant. So if y'all want to make her welcome here, you want to go ahead and stand up.

Speaker 17  1:55:09
She wasn't sure if she really wanted to stand up. But so if you see her just welcome her. Another announcements, there's going to be a fundraising fundraiser for CCA. On March the 13th, we're going to have a pancake breakfast. So if you'd like pancakes and sausage, the students will be having tickets. Now you won't have to pay for the ticket, but because of we're trying to schedule it. So we can feed as many people as we can in the fellowship hall. So you'll have you'll have to get a ticket from them for time. What time you want to eat breakfast. So if you feel like eating breakfast early, make sure you get the early early slots if you'd like to eat that later. But I believe by next week, or soon after the students will be having tickets that you can you can get from them. Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  1:56:15
So this is Mitch last Sunday here, Mitch and Charlotte and from from the ushering team Mitch, thank you so much for assuring and it's been a great privilege working with you. And just appreciate all the hard work you've done and

Unknown Speaker  1:56:29
hope God blesses you for it.

Speaker 3  1:56:36
And blessings as you go, Mitch, you've been a real asset here. I think we should have you stand and have some people around you and pray looking at time, but some things are more important than time.

Speaker 16  1:57:03
You know, Mitch, I've got to watch you, maybe not closely, but from a close distance. Just the life that God has placed in you the journey that you when you first came out here as a young man and some of the Hard Knocks you've taken on that journey, losing a parent, starting a family. And now moving on from here, just pray a tremendous blessing on you that this was just an awesome stepping stone in your life and that you guys will be able to take what you learned here. Apply it to where you're going. Just so excited to see what God has for you in this next step. Sorry, it's Kentucky, but you know, hey, you know, we all have to go where God asks us sometimes so No, thank you so much for just being a light and in our life here in the church, and I just want to pray a blessing for you as you guys go. Heavenly Father, we thank you so much for, for Mitch and just what he's meant to this community. The way he's allowed his life to just be pliable, and for you to work in him. And he had just watching that change happen, God and not always easy, but he was willing to walk that journey with you and knowing that you are by his side and now is Michonne Sharla. And as the family moves from here, God just pray a tremendous blessing on them that you will be able to continue to just that they will continue to feel and to and to see that path in front of them that you have placed there that they would be able to just be the light and the community that they're going to take what they've learned here to pass that on to others to just be that blessing to others that you have created them to be Yeah, just thank you so much for their desire to honor you. And I just pray this in Jesus name. Father, I

Speaker 8  1:59:09
pray a blessing of protection over mentioned Charlotte's a leave I pray for emotional for spiritual and physical protection. Father give them boldness in a new community. I pray that they would they would make friendships that would deepen them spiritually it would take them further further you already have appointment set up for them. You already have people in their lives that are for the next step of the journey. I just pray you'd be faithful and as was, as was shared this morning Holy Spirit as you lead them one step at a time they don't they don't need to know everything that's in front of them. But father just each step would they be faithful with it? And as as they take those steps and even this morning as things were shared, Holy Spirit when you're faithful in their lives, it builds faith. It's like a brick, another brick in the wall. As that wall of faith grows, would you lead them? Would you protect them in Jesus name,

Speaker 3  1:59:53
amen. I'm tempted to call off Sunday school, I don't have the authority to do that. Just go on cherry. But I think we'll, we'll continue here and but if somebody does have something they just need to say Please say it. Please speak up. Okay. I said yes, come forward, we'll do the offering and then dismissed for Sunday school. Zach, would you mind saying a prayer?

Speaker 18  2:01:05
Lord, I thank you for this morning. Thank you for just the testimonies we heard this morning and I pray that every life here this morning would be touched by that and I just pray for the offering right now. That thank you for this opportunity. We have to give back and pray that it would be used for your honor and glory. In your name I pray. Amen.

Speaker 3  2:01:29
Thank you. Thank you, everyone for for sharing and contributing to the service this morning. I will dismiss the children t


Transcribed by https://otter.ai