Unknown Speaker  00:01
How are you?

Unknown Speaker  00:03
I'm a little tired. But

Unknown Speaker  00:08
you have you have two kids.

Unknown Speaker  00:12
Yeah, the kids from advocates Thursday and Friday.

Unknown Speaker  00:17
Okay.

Speaker 1  00:19
Include including one with 100% full out outright defiance

Speaker 2  00:24
of clothes and clothes. You know what they said time like dive we went through the same thing with what it is. They're getting cabin fever, you know? Yeah. Yeah. And we're we have to we just don't show it. But it's understandable because yeah. And so we're, you know, just trying to maintain and keep them busy in a positive way were dumb and keep things around and where they can have fun, you know, and kind of still creating no world for them with the challenge mode. Teacher supplies go well with the NIDA.

Speaker 1  01:16
Yes. So we kind of revamped how we were going to do it. I told her she was meeting her friends there. didn't tell her. Tell her which friends.

Unknown Speaker  01:27
Oh,

Speaker 1  01:28
that was really no idea that it was. Yeah. She asked me 1,000,001 questions between seven o'clock in the morning when I told her one o'clock when we got there.

Speaker 2  01:42
And that's pretty woman over 31 Yeah, we're the 1000 question people like we're women in it. You know, who we are as far as how we're wired. Gotta have the information. I'd like to pull it off.

Unknown Speaker  01:58
Right. It pulls it did pull it up.

Speaker 2  02:04
Too much tribulation. You You were successful.

Speaker 1  02:08
So it was she was a very well, first thing in the morning when I told her I really kind of wrote out the details because the details of what she needed to know and what she needed to pack. Yeah. And like she was pretty overwhelmed then. And then she didn't. She didn't. I wasn't right with her. Actually, I was still getting asked her when she saw them that she was pretty excited when she saw her mom and sisters. Is that that was the one she had said before. That was the one thing that she wanted for her birthday.

Speaker 2  02:45
Oh, and you granted it You are now a king. You know, right, that one for for the rest of you. Okay. And you heard her and I and she she knows that by the result, you know? Yeah, that's a good deal. For the children for with anybody and helping her it was just it was just me. Okay. Do you have Do you have any? Any partners in crime? Anybody that didn't count on accountability in your corner?

Speaker 1  03:29
You mean as far as as far as pulling it off? Or is the kid

Unknown Speaker  03:33
the kid? No, it was

Unknown Speaker  03:37
that was pretty much pretty much

Speaker 2  03:45
so we're we're in kind of chair. Remember? So any victory if we can ever going to need a surprise? Oh, did you did you pretty. I preached

Speaker 1  04:07
Okay, so when I went long, and it was not my smoothest delivery by by any means. But I went head to head against some stuff. Okay. And there was I mean, definitely some wins as far as as far as people opening up and being willing to share and wanting to share and and being transparent just like the floodgates were definitely open Sunday morning for that. There was a lot of

Speaker 2  04:41
awesome. And see it's a beginning. It's a beginning of science. But I see you as an excavator made out of the ground has to be broken. So I've got to do it. I've got to do it and we never know what our party

Speaker 1  05:08
There are two kinds of hearts, there's the heart of not knowing what's going on. And then there's the heart of knowing what's going on.

Speaker 2  05:15
And then you add one more, and then the doing, you know, and then the doing extra, yeah, the executing it. Because if that's the one our lines are, where the vessels, he does the input, and we deliver. That's it. That's the best. That's how it go. You know, and being, what I love is, your food is guaranteed when you do what he say, you got guaranteed return. And oftentimes, our part is not the front part, because we may be the first we may be the first of what God is doing. And so we rent the net, and, again, that worship and glorify Him for us and you, equipping you for keeping you know is so much engaged in that that usually, we don't understand the depth and the width of it. But remember, your father is a creator. And so he you know, tell him what he's creating the garden in the minute. No. Who knows? And you know, sometimes he'll give you snippets and nuggets. But you have to do you have to do and see the results like you've got it and think about it if he was about telling us the results. We would run not enough kids. Give me a different part. And you did your part. Look at it. It's Monday. That's that's what you're rejoicing. you wipe your brow and say, I'm glad. Yeah. Yeah, bask in the victory of the Lord. Because, again, we only get part. We only have parts. Yeah. And you had a big weekend. Kathy Powell some things on you that you didn't know were common. True. So what was it like when you had to execute the message?

Speaker 1  07:50
No, there's always that kind of nervous excitement that's going into it. But then as I was, yeah. As I was getting into the thick of it, there was just like this wall and I don't know how to describe it just besides

Speaker 2  08:07
I don't know. It from them. Or just, you saw this in the experience of doing it. Well, I was

Speaker 1  08:28
what I preached a lot. Let me kind of give context, excuse me answer that way. But okay, preaching about the the Israelites leaving Egypt and had bad dealings with Pharaoh, and Pharaohs ways of leading and transitioning from, from, from Egyptian ways to God's ways. And,

Unknown Speaker  08:52
and

Speaker 1  08:55
some of the things that I poked on, and I touched on that I I was very careful not to point fingers, at clear patterns within our church, of how we dealt with things and how we've done things. And so I was very aware that I don't know how perceptive people are, I think many people don't see it. Okay, but I also know that there's some people who may have felt like they were a little bit under the magnifying glass.

Speaker 2  09:28
Oh, boy, that's awesome. That is awesome. Because that's what I want does my day. Yeah. So are there any looks or were people trying to be you know, the straight face like, is not me, is me, but it's not me.

Speaker 1  09:47
I just focused there was one there was one visitor from out of town, or there were just a handful of people that were like, super engaged. And there is there's one guy from out of town he was absolutely drinking it in and so

Unknown Speaker  10:00
Oh, wow,

Unknown Speaker  10:02
I didn't I didn't worry about anybody.

Speaker 2  10:09
I love it. Because you know what, again, the timing of God, Crawford that God introduced this gentleman first time they are possibly, like, Whoa, this is this guy. No, no, me. You know what I'm saying I love when that happens, because it always does. Because that's the word is the feed. It's got to go in here. And is based on the soil, right? Yeah. Yeah, cuz if it's hard, it's gonna be difficult.

Speaker 1  10:44
The other thing that happened was there was a brief moment kind of ensure time, one of the things that often happens is kind of like the parable of like, when Satan comes to snatch the word but after, yeah, right share. There's like this mental assault on me. And it was it was there briefly. But I have no idea if your pastor left early, or if he was some if he was somewhere else. I honestly don't know. But he wasn't. He wasn't in the group discussion and didn't participate in the group discussion. Around around the message. And the Yes, there were people kind of going off in just kind of ignorance. But it wasn't that same kind of assault on

Speaker 2  11:30
Yeah. What was shared? And then yeah, and then was and was beautiful is the word of God, if not you. Yeah, that's the beauty and the blessing of staying with that word. Because you don't know what's the number one Spirit? You don't you know what Hold on one second. Matthias Let me tell this person I'm going to call it right back. Hold on. Yep. Thanks, Matthias this is one of the ladies that have helped me with the school of women. She's in Waukegan. And so we haven't talked in probably months. She had COVID her dad had cold that they really went through from super excited I'm believing that everybody then but I apologize for that. So yeah, so going on. So

Speaker 1  12:49
I don't even know what the discussion was the one of the one of the guys shared something I was like, this is this isn't prophetic. I don't know what it is. He was like Yeah, one of the things that's interesting about the Israelites is that they were probably so entrenched in their culture that they didn't even have context for where they needed to be. And wow this is like you know, you guys don't even I mean, in my mind I'm thinking yeah, that actually makes a lot of sense because I'm like, why aren't you guys what like Why don't you guys want to get free but there's like there's no context of what there is what there is to get free into Nirvana what

Speaker 2  13:31
is free what is that pop you late? was the only free one was most certainly free was Moses. Wow. Crazy. Isn't it crazy? that deliver Matthias a whole that's a whole world that's a whole nother dimension because think about it what is peace in the violence and all the crazy we've explained what what what is healing in the midst it has been in clinic we have no clue what was the thing to do? What was order? What support what recovery? And that's what I'm thinking about with healing like how do you recover we've met the diet we have no we

Speaker 1  14:24
so the first thing you know that we're the pasta My mind is set apart as in sanctified as in holy and yeah. There's, like there's this whole thing that I've wrestled with is, is this thing of like, Here I am an outsider, like, and even my parents, I have a legacy of being an outsider, I guess if you want to call it that.

Unknown Speaker  14:43
Yeah.

Speaker 1  14:45
That wasn't intentional. Yes. Yes. So my mom, my mom was Amish my dad. My dad was like a more you know, it's basically Amish but a more kind of, if you want to call it liberal branch of that. Okay, and He ended up becoming Amish to marry my mom. Because his heart was to minister to the Amish and to reach them. And, and so even growing up, they would make the statement of you know, they never fit in with the Amish, they were not Amish enough to be Amish and into Amish for the rest of the world. Except for, except for all the people who were completely far removed from that and didn't see our meshes as anything and they just loved them. Right.

Unknown Speaker  15:30
And in the same way, it's

Speaker 1  15:33
so there's this thing of being sacrificed and set apart, Moses was delivered, but he was he was, he was a Hebrew in the, in the Egyptian palace, but he was but in the same way he was the Egyptian to the Hebrews and to the Israelites, and

Unknown Speaker  15:49
and

Speaker 1  15:51
and there's this whole thing of, I mean, we know from we know even from practical from the practical sense that innovation of innovation comes from the outside. Yeah, the reason to be set apart, and the reason to embrace being set apart is simply because it is the set of part one that has the answers for the people who were when

Speaker 2  16:16
he was sick. For that it was designed for it. Yeah, it prepares for what rejected for it misunderstood for going through the the errors of life, because think about it, he had no context for what to deliver. Let's stick with them. This track is like in every area of our life, what is what you know, especially when God is being specific, and saying what he desires women See, what we think is a prototype and God says I'm shattering. That's absolutely the Old Testament was the Old Testament. New Testament was the New Testament. However, they were divinely connected and divinely by God. So how are we to judge when he shed making the change? moves, you know, moves the pieces on the board, contrary to our understanding and thought and our delivery, you know, guys, I know we're not doing it that way to go. But he has the prerogative to do it. And we It was beautiful McDyess we're in now. I love living in him because he's so proud.

Speaker 2  17:47
Any requires is great. Because enablement isn't. We, we use you oftentimes don't even see our plan on it. But we're the vessel. But if God and people see that they got, this is gone. And it'll go the Word of God, you know, in Hebrew, for where it will where it says the word of God is quick, and powerful, sharper than any two edged sword, piercing to dividing asunder of soul and spirit, bone and marrow. So there are parts of us that need to be sanctified to like said said, you gotta you gotta separate from that in your heart. You got to separate from that in your mind. You got to separate from betting. Yeah, and it's all not evil. It's just, you know, the Egyptians they were the Egyptians again, what was their context of serving people? It was about dumping. Yeah, that was their world and so we could look at it, flip it on both sides heads or tails and say what else did they know and we could use anything and like what else did they know? You know, you can look at your baby maybe didn't know love maybe didn't know patient maybe didn't know kindness maybe didn't know commitment covenant? What a world so God's principles are consistent. And we allow it and that's the blessing of having the word it in our hearts so that we might not sin against them because there's possibility we will you know, cuz sometimes, excuse me, just like whoever was in attendance but they get that rich soil luscious, ready to receive the sea pliable than that, that they'll go Concrete not getting through today, you know, maybe tomorrow. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And so use that in business. Same thing. Who are you to God in this endeavor? Or this adventure? Who are you? What, what part of you? What role? What's your role? You know, because nobody could do Moses's part. except him even though he had close and close people around them. They could do what Moses did they could support. I think about it. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. The car, the car wasn't on them. They were called to support or not to be free. So they were gonna have their situation. Their idiosyncrasies their humanity was gonna rise up. And that's the difference Matthias who's the coolest calling really on who's been thanked I fell apart forward. And that's what I'm learning like don't get frustrated because it looks like you're the only one because you're not Eliezer there's 7000 more remember there was 7000 more valid no you don't know you know bad

Unknown Speaker  21:26
does every parent every parent good to hear this word?

Unknown Speaker  21:29
Yeah, yeah. Yeah, he Thank you. I'm bad looking and I you know, and that's the remind them God is watching you know, first example of you eyes always on you. You know, like, somebody might be looking at Marionette art, that's the

Speaker 1  21:58
remember. I remember this is completely off topic, but, but like a little bit of topic, but anyway, this is taking a rabbit trail. Have a lady who was talking about her her mom and her mom raised her knees and she said her mom never reprimanded her for anything she just prayed for the conviction of the Holy Spirit and she was never able to get away from that

Speaker 2  22:20
see one way or another yeah one way I hope you go hope you as the mother the mother that a church the black church I'm all hope your baby Let me help let me hope you're not getting away from and as a holy cow and that's what we do. Holy Spirit help them Holy Spirit teach them Holy Spirit show them see there it is tools in the toolbox brother and believe me This is the first of the mini you speak you

Unknown Speaker  23:03
know yeah

Speaker 1  23:10
well now that I'm back sometimes I wonder if I want to be but that's kind of how God works do so.

Unknown Speaker  23:18
The the

Speaker 1  23:21
going back to what's what's your part what's your role? I think one of the things that's become so incredibly clear that's the guy was speaking to me last night just going through some of the and I'm still have another month left in that membership program and you know, it's okay there's there's so many things like that i was i don't one of the things God told me going in is is there to bring the kingdom there and I still don't really understand what that looks like.

Speaker 2  23:45
I'm just gonna know what it looks like. It looks like Matthias Miller the kingdom is where where the kingdom there it is, like it Tom I made it look like

Speaker 1  24:00
the one of the one of the things that that jumped out at me last night, I was scrolling through the script. I was like,

Unknown Speaker  24:09
this is like, this is like,

Speaker 1  24:14
like, these senses have been activated for so long. And yet it's like, like, for so long. I still haven't really known how to use them. But scrolling through the group, and I'm feeling all of this stuff coming at me and I'm like, this is just this horrible. Like feeling all this discouragement and processing like Wait, wait, like this is actually not? This is not my stuff. Yeah, like, these are the things that these people in this group are wrestling with and struggling with. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  24:41
that's my

Speaker 1  24:43
god woke me up in the middle of the night. So I've been talking about about, you know, seek first the kingdom will be up in the middle of the night. And just like so clearly the seeking first the Kingdom is about exactly what I shared yesterday morning. So You know, what do I need to be reminded? I do. But like, it's about setting it's about people and setting people free, and how the task oriented approach to, I guess what I've learned more and more is like this, this tasks that I do are just they're kind of beside the point there just again, this is one of those lessons that I've learned before. I feel like I'm just relearning it in a deeper way, but, but they're beside the point. And the reason is to give people an excuse to get around. But the real reason that people get around me is because they are in bondage, or they're enslaved, or they need a glimpse of the Father. They need an encounter with the Holy Spirit through Yeah, sometimes just through being able to spend time with somebody who is not who is free, whatever that is.

Speaker 2  25:49
Yeah, absolutely. That's the point. That's, that's the existence that's why we're here. We're not here for any other reason. You know, thanks for all the traditional extra trimming cultural trimming, and, you know, life that we live but ultimately pay for Christ and live for Christ died, Dad, you know, and, and when we, what what I'm excited about is you're realizing it's not persecution.

Speaker 1  26:24
Yeah, no, yes. Yes. Yes. That's true.

Speaker 2  26:30
Yeah, and think about it. I'll never forget, even when Moses you know, again, him I'm sure he was elated and scanned and had 20,000 emotions running. Have you ever seen a Red Sea part? Who's ever seen it? You know, aquariums on the side, designed by God with the fish and the whales and all of looking at you like what you're doing? Are you looking at them? Like, I'm asking God This was Yeah, what are we doing here? But that was God deliverance. And I had never seen that before. I can never say never perform attire. And so the preciousness of it is you. He shows you he equips you he delivered you he saved you. You could take it to the lowest denominator that diet he chose you know, Jeremiah said when I was in my mother's womb you already knew ready looks like these kids are excited about being alive new get excited about being a child

Speaker 2  28:02
Yeah, man is a perfect example. These are example exactly what you have the joy the celebration because as Paul said he glory in all things that even be a trial and tribulation are everything do not plant shine or the snow is about to cover us for 12 days, or, you know, he said it every day. He's learned to be cut. He said he learned to be content we learned.

Unknown Speaker  28:36
Jesus learned obedience through

Speaker 2  28:40
camo not bad. The fun started sipping lemonade in our swift swimwear. So there's no you gotta celebrate. Go ahead.

Speaker 1  29:05
So one of the things with that, too. It's just showing. Well, okay, so there's so many there's so many layers to this, but like, one of the layers is that is that the enemy loves to first of all, the enemy loves to distort personality against us. Yes. And so he hides behind personality. Yeah, and allows, and then allows us to think that we're fighting ourselves instead of fighting him. And that's Yeah. That's a whole thing in and of itself.

Unknown Speaker  29:39
Yeah.

Speaker 1  29:42
And then but then with that, if if our commandment is to love God and love others, and our commandment is to set other people free, and then then the whole that it's it seems impossible or it seems not impossible, it seems the task driven framework of God, what do you want me to do? ends up being completely flipped upside down? Because, yeah, the whole thing of trying to listen to God for exactly what we need to do. While it's not even know how to say this is something else that came came that was so clear last night, in the same way of this shift in business from from the who not how kind of thing? Yeah. shift in business that's also a shift in the, in the spiritual world. And it's one of the reasons why people who are task driven and task oriented as they they take it as a personality label and the enemies use it against them. And then they struggle to live out the kingdom because their kingdom paradigm is foundationally fundamentally broken.

Unknown Speaker  30:50
Yeah. And then there is your recording this, I

Speaker 1  30:55
am recording this, I am recording this as you need to write this stuff down. So the other thing that God spoke to me about is, is about Oh, sorry, there's one other thing, so that if you think that it's persecution, then you you're going to, like, we know that people become your enemy. But But when we see so many people becoming disillusioned within within ministry, because they're fighting spiritual battles, as if they were people. But if you actually recognize that it's not persecution, but if discernment, and this is the torment that other people are living under, then it really should fuel your fire at the injustice of the enemy.

Speaker 2  31:38
Yes, yes. You know that, you know, that. That's it. And it takes time for us to mature. So that right. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, and look at each station, you know, for the body is fitly joined together, and every joint supplies and you think about, you know, you, we don't find you for those people that get on our nerves, just like, I'm not, I'm not dealing with that one right there. But when we allow ourselves to be transformed by the renewing of your mind, because guess what your experience and your mind is being removed? Then you're more useful to God because you have the mind of Christ. And it's my diocese, carnal mind. They're not after you. There's a war going on. It's not flesh and blood tality powers, rulers spiritual wickedness in high places ruler of darkness, sir. Yeah. Yeah, and that's gonna be constellation when they stand flat. But if they get out of here, we don't want when they boot, you know, you know, say thank you like, how did he get up? What about the business? continuously building? Because guess what, when one won't listen, seven, we'll so let me get to the seven. That's my ratio. When I'm rejected when I'm feeling you know, those heavy hit from people and their posture, I say, okay, God, thank you, bless them. bless those who bless those who despitefully use me, you know, when people are using you. I love those who hate me God and then watch the transformation because now you are not holding them at bondage because they need our permission. Especially the sons of God, because we got the power Yeah, yeah, he got to get you because of who you are in Christ. He's going for the small he's going to be influential. That's why we get to places you know when we read the horrible news. somebody's doing so well and and things that God did. Bam, they get body slammed, they took their eyes off God, because God will read you Q. He will correct you. He will instruct you. Not you know, we don't have that kind of sense or strain. Not against the enemy. The hater of our soul. We gotta you know God is the lover. But we got a hater. A big time hater. Yeah. Yeah. And then what I love that guy is he's given you ears man and I and he's teaching you like learn with me. His yoke is easy, and his burden is light. He'll give you rest for your mind you will and your emotions when they get overwhelmed, right Whoa. Oh, god, this is thick. Okay. Nick away, Nick away I've read you and you run on schedule. I'm excited. I'm very proud of you. Because most would tuck tail and run aside. You know, it was good for you to stand before those people I don't care if it was two. I don't care if it wasn't one is the one that leaves the 99 guys or the one you only know nobody was more like Him in the few than we are in the meeting. Because most people don't fool with the few so proud too good to whatever at the end of that statement, but when we will allow him to use in the tiny little places of the heart of a child to the great places the heart of the king like no, you're not exudes the beauty of that young woman's cut that woman comment was she didn't learn at all but I bet you she learned and now we don't know when you don't know where we don't know how. How old was Moses? When he learned old 40 Matthias he was old he was in the classroom 40 more years. Yeah. So we you know, we're the fly by nighters Give it to me now guys, bye.

Speaker 2  36:49
Bye my my baby sister my diocese on my Facebook page. She praised her first legitimate servants only but she's been preaching since she came from the womb what are the goody two shoes baby I'm telling you, you kind of hear a little bit of our testimony in her message. But she was the baby that my mom was like not another child. And you know what the blessing was? My mother did not go to her mother Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  37:23
she could yeah

Speaker 2  37:28
well baby that she was not ready for my mother denied she was pregnant for six months and she didn't show my diet Wow. When she got that no she's like no everything was no but God everything that God was yes. And she is the greatest blessing in our family the love of God she had to she had to add she had to be equipped with the love of God because a lot of advice no eight should be enough so we never know how we will get you we don't know why he put a few but God is our how he's our when he's our why you see it should we come in close consumer through culture through much tribulation we come here you know. Yeah. So I calibrate this season man in your life. You You hit the finish, you know you hit the tape brothers in your household and it's about your health. How about What image do they see when they see you? And I could promise you the image I saw I know it now was the image of God and and that is the most precious thing about him. And it was nothing religious about him and died. But he loved God He loved and that was enough. It was enough. So you went and brother, okay. I don't care what your bank account look like you went in. After what you say this look like you went in the ground of faithfulness, man you went in and you're going to rise above the rest and that's not your choice. But that's God's plan. You can't fight. You can't do that. You're gonna die. Try to avoid that. You see what I'm saying? So give it to you. Yes, Lord. Your answers always Yes. Even when it hurts. Yes. Even when people don't understand you Yes, Lord, even when people be training Matthias Yes, Lord. When people manipulate you and you feel when you know it, yes Lord because are yours invites him into all of that every facet of our lives.

Speaker 2  40:28
So they've made a living sliding board out of their grandmother. She's here today. Are they on her legs slide.

Speaker 2  40:45
And we didn't pay nothing for them. They were just there. They like they never loaded. Life is what it is. Keep it simple. Keep it simple, sir. Roy, and relish the success of we every day we go have some trials when we get one success. Yes, you know, ate the peas today, or they ate all of their breakfast today, or they didn't cry today, or they didn't fight today. You know? I'd say whatever victory I could give with those in the real gloves. My sister's here today. Hallelujah. The grandmother. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. And so joy doesn't cost us anything. Because the joy, the joy of the Lord is our strength. So we got to cling to that. We got to cling to the joy of what he does. He's done not what I could do. Or somebody did joy. Oh, God. Thank you. You won't be up. Because me I can't do that.

Unknown Speaker  42:11
You kept us all we can. But Nina got to be with our mom. She's another year. Oh, yeah, there are many that don't have that testimony. My bias.

Speaker 2  42:30
Yeah, we glory in him. Because he got us. We're in his ain't no man is able to collect. Except, yeah, we only want to pluck ourselves out of him. His Will his plan. You know, the only one they may say no, you don't have it like that. We got to give him permission to block us out.

Speaker 1  43:00
There's something I'm realizing with with all of this, thinking about how Jacob Jacob wrestle with the with the angel.

Unknown Speaker  43:09
And

Speaker 1  43:15
and I think one of the things is that hey, what you're saying about vinita being a year older and like my mind, I'm like a year more mature and we like understand each other better. And all of these types of things and like we keep growing and then with that and just thinking about how I process life and I realize I'm realizing that one of the things that I'm maturing and I suppose is just learning how to wrestle with God on things. Yeah, and even what you're saying about the fear of being snatched away I think so often I hear there can be this fear that if you wrestle with God that let you fall out of his out of his hand. And he wrestling with it, and he won't and wrestling is actually the pathway into into staying there and staying subtle there because

Unknown Speaker  44:13
it's the

Speaker 1  44:15
it's it's the broken leg of the lamb and the constant need of the shepherd. That bond that makes them inseparable.

Speaker 2  44:26
Yeah, yeah, it is. Always it's the wrestling cuz he says come let us reason together and that wrestling is the reasoning like, I want to you know, think about it you don't you don't believe forever because they don't want to do it if they know remember, we had a deal. We said that that and just make 100 deals a day, guys. If you do this, you know give Those rationales and those, those, those tokens, those, those positive things that motivate them, you know, okay, I'll give you an extra five minutes. But you know, some that don't call us out where you and I was fiddling to go play the game together or, you know, I read you and your favorite, whatever, they love a story, you know, just come up with a billion thing and negotiate with them because you're teaching them a powerful scale because that this is life. They don't have to read. Yeah, they're gonna have to learn the skill of reasoning. And give them rationales but everything, including your sweetheart deer, if we do this, and guess what we'll be able to do ABC. And that does bring comfort to our heart because he says, okay, he heard me but we can't do it. Now you see this be a master negotiator on every level, like God, develop that in you increase that in you, because I'm telling you all witnessing is is negotiating. You know, if you give me your life, I'll give you this, I'll give up. I'll give you joy. I'll give you healing. I'll give you contentment constant exchange. If you died, the yo ways, you know that I don't like I'll give you an increased blessing. maturity, you know, it's that simple, guys. And I'm so excited about your crossing over into God's new place in your life. Personally. You, you it's about you. Because when you're healthy when you're whole, when you grow, everybody grow. Yeah, you're, you're called use something called a Hey, you know, the head of the woman is the man. The head of the family. Yeah. And you're do another a God said, if you want to live long, you're gonna have to honor this man.

Unknown Speaker  47:31
You know, say if he was good, great. Thank God gave you my columns with honor. So you schedule my size. I don't care what else isn't? You are? Wow. Yeah, that's exciting.

Unknown Speaker  48:06
Any more things jumping

Unknown Speaker  48:09
ahead.

Speaker 1  48:10
Just a few. few more things in my heart. It's like It's like you got you got a little bit more time here.

Unknown Speaker  48:15
Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 1  48:17
So one of the things that I thought about that I was thinking about this morning, and I've heard, I've heard other prophetic people talk about but again, there's this, this growth in this maturing, that talking about how much environment affects affects them. And I was thinking this morning about the concept of, of, I guess, prophetic productivity, where there's there there are things that for whatever reason, except for the fact that God shows up just, you know, besides being God's choice, the some of these things that I'm that I'm learning right now are all of the questions that nobody else is able to figure out about. Why is this person this way? And why is he so good at this and why can he not? And the reason was because there were things in in the air that were screaming at me that I didn't have answers for it didn't know how to resolve and nobody else was addressing

Unknown Speaker  49:26
it. So what are your thoughts about that?

Speaker 1  49:34
I don't even know exactly what my thoughts are. Part of it is just this kind of this sense of really well, actually, there's two thoughts with it. One is just a sense of relief. That's

Speaker 1  49:48
it's like when somebody somebody starts telling a story, and they leave an open loop and they don't really close the loop. And like there's this part of the story. That's where the loop is being closed. And there's yeah Some, some answers and some explanation of the second piece is I know other people around me who are very much the same way.

Speaker 2  50:07
Yeah. And you're gonna bring them great comfort to me. Yes. Yeah. Yeah, there's not unlike a sojourner, on your journey, that journey can't get along. And you could get along. When you cross the paths of people who are amiable, and for whatever reason, something about you are like minded and, you know, take the tiny stuff like, whoo, that's that cold drink of water in the desert, experienced by, you know, that's what you're going to be you're going to be a drink offering from God for many in our country to like, everyone's going crazy. Or why aren't there more people in our home? Can I have this conversation with God? Always? Always. Always, he, he has lack of nothing. And oftentimes, we're in the solo part of our journey, but he's really carrying us you know, that hose footprints in the sand statement, where when we thought we were walking alone, it was only one set of footprints. It was God, what your view was being carried at that time. Yeah, yeah. Oh, his world, oh, my God, his world is awesome. But guys, and it makes you want more, you know, when we take, because my sister, she taught from First Peter, chapter two, verse one through three, but dies. And it was about those things, we got to let go of malice and strife and all of that, and then it's bad taste and see that the Lord is good. So the expectation from that scripture is, okay, you you came to guy with stuff. But once you taste it over here, that's over. That's all. And her message was about grow up. Allow yourself to grow, allow yourself to not do those things anymore. Not feel that way anymore. That, you know, have a propensity for that anymore. But yeah, let's grow up, allow yourself to grow up and out of that. Whatever hinders you and she talked about our spiritual diet. And she's a some of us who say, we have had a good meal on Sunday. And then she said through the week, we just start eating junk food. And then she said, there are certain tables, God told you not to eat. And you ate a cement table and gets sick, she broke that thing down but dice it was short. It was short and sweet. She did went through her bullet point. What kind of eating you know, like, what, how do we do this? How do we grow up sheep? You know, in a same verse, it talks about the milk, you know, even children, babies desire, the sense of milk of the gospel. And so when we desire sincerely what God intended, and what he was saying, We grow then we get ready for me. Wearing round for me, we really took in milk. And it was good. So it was it was a it was a it was a squizzy Matthias and they invited me to come up and sit that was not my plan. My plan was to be there to support them. Like you know if he does whatever he was if he felt but even when I came she has the nerve to pass me the might gangbang You see what I'm saying? Yeah, unexpectedly so but it sure was a surprise to them. And we were able to share things they don't know my sister very well. She's going to have a month you know, helping them with them building their ministry. She's not a member, but I help her support. And so because of the grace honor they was like you have to share you got just like you. It was okay. Most likely, okay. Yeah, what someone would consider in quotation delete.

Speaker 2  55:01
Yeah. Just that kind of season for. Yeah. So keep and you know what? embellish it and write it down. Because you're such a prolific writer, Matthias could gather this for whatever reason, because God is taking you somewhere. Yeah. Don't Don't lose. Don't let this escape you. You know, you remind me of me in my early years of really saying yes for real. But I would say yes, but did not mean in my heart. I said, Yes, they got off my back. But he knows that you don't mean that you got you. You're not gonna do it. But you remind me of my early days of diet. And I didn't have a Vizio Yeah. And so how I could bear more fruit because I'm living it and I'm willing to share and to to sojourn with people, because I remember what it was like. Yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  56:24
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 2  56:27
Yes. And once the kingdom blow up around you, because you're willing, you're obedient. You have to eat the good of the land your children and your children's children. And look at my baby. Sir. I'm sitting in a poker with her. And she's like, so excited. And, you know, and I'm like, oh, and you know how you can't You don't? You don't have feelings. That's like, Oh my god, you know, you know, Oh, my God. And then you have to digest it and scatter processing you and you know, and she was so like, Oh, my God. And I told me if I told me I said anything is, you know, so God was manifesting what he showed her Yeah, we're in it where the high times we're in the best of times. Because he interested to be in pain remixer and walk it out without being a destroy. Wow. Wow. Wow. Man, so we just No, no, no, no. However, we say yes. The whole saying, hallelujah. uni have you know, you're in a new placement diet. And of course, Jonathan mcgriddles has a song in his college graduation. So you get to live, you get to live. Yes. So I'm looking forward to the future and it's bright. And what's to come is better than what's been? You gotta know it. Yeah, again, enjoy. I'm looking forward and I'm not gonna put any pressure on you to write a book. But it's a new this is what this is. This is the written you can read it

Speaker 1  59:17
as a one. Just one of the thing that's just being in my

Unknown Speaker  59:23
I don't know.

Speaker 1  59:25
Be on my radar. This about 10. Okay, this is like okay, this is crazy. Back in 2009 was the first time I came to Colorado. And I came here. The reason I was here was to do a Summer Intensive of language of foreign language learning tools. It was in Palmer Lake Colorado. And I don't know if you're familiar with john de Vere or not, but his Yeah, I love Yeah, yeah, his ministry was like, it was like, I don't know, eighth of a mile down the road. And so I, you know, snuck out during some free time and went over there. I just remember having a conversation with the people there. And it was like, I remember walking in and I'm like, Okay, this isn't the church. But this feels more like a church than any church I've ever been a part of. And they were telling the story about the exterior testimony of this. Or they were asking, you know, what I was doing and all that stuff. And they told it told the testimony of this, this man who was called to go to some other country, and I think was struggling to learn the language or something like that. And, and one, I think one night, he had a vision and the vision. There was a golden spoon. And I think, yeah, I forget the details. But God put a golden spoon into his mouth. And when he woke up, he had the language.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:03
That's what I'm saying. That's and

Speaker 1  1:01:06
that's who he is. And so we got to go, I got to go to the john stop doing kind of public tapings of his of his curriculum. He started doing private ones with his with his team. I got to go to two of his two of his tapings for his

Speaker 2  1:01:24
for his curriculums. And what I guess

Speaker 1  1:01:28
what a gift. I just remember one of my friends actually shared to me at that time, he was like, No, I can see you being like a john deere.

Speaker 2  1:01:37
And you better receive him a diet. You better receive it. I'm telling you, because he knows what he's downloading. And again, and celebrate fast, because he is Oh my god, you talk about prolific. Oh, man, he is top of the food chain, you know, to lay foundation for peace. And in in encouraging their faith and, you know, to be a staff that and the things of God, I love him. I think I have a couple of his books, or I did have them in my library. So you know, no long drawn out nothing is what it is, you know, and just laid it out data powerful. And then the interesting thing you had a life encounter. It wasn't a book. You had the real thing. That's huge. Yeah. Yeah, pumpkin definitely was planted and I love God. It is the plant planter. He's the architect. And he knows how to cross the road. He knows what those cross roads should look like. And I love it and embrace that don't don't neglect nothing. He does. Nothing. Don't abandon nothing. You know, he don't got to be in for the long haul. Think about Moses. He dealt with those beautiful people. You had a new name for beautiful people for 40 years. Or 30 years. Wow. Wow. That's a long term.

Speaker 1  1:03:40
Chair, there's more stuff that's coming up. Like I remember I had to think of one of the calls with Julie I think she was she talked about writing a book on conflict resolution. Am I not anyway, this is just like, this is one of those things you're like, Okay, I don't know the time you don't know what that's about.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:00
You don't

Speaker 1  1:04:03
but then, but then with it as well. Where was this? one other piece of fish slipped away. Anyway, welcome back. Well, yeah, good. Good, good.

Speaker 2  1:04:28
So you're, you're on your way, Matthias and rejoice down them, count them all, you know, Count your blessings. And do more of counting your blessings and counting problems. Yeah, thank you, Lord. I'm in this situation patient me. Show me how they go. Thanks. Thank you, Lord, for this experience. Teach me Show me how the ghost telling you and oftentimes you have to read after those encounters. Because you might get left out like I was on, done, redone, and don't over again like, Lord, you know, like, like a pancake. I've been flipped and flopped and, okay Lord said on me cuz I'm excited and you got it. You know, it's okay to say what do you know what? It doesn't mean? He's gonna, sir, that you can add? Yeah. But I really want you to celebrate with everything that's in here because we don't we get we don't get a lot of these but we get enough to sustain. Yeah, yeah. It's like you're in a good place you're in a good place you're in a good place. Yeah, and all that up and bring you down because you know that's common, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:05:50
Plenty of that you're in

Speaker 2  1:05:53
more than more than what else we get you know, we celebrate and I'm singing hallelujah. I'm saying yes Lord and do a guy. I told you it's better to get so I don't tell him what kind of pushes and shoving you're going to get

Speaker 2  1:06:17
revelation? Yeah, yes, this is the light brother, you're in the light. You know in Chicago there's a family when people are in the throes of life or the street life or, you know, there's so many things you can get into? And they say, Yeah, I was in that life. And that was a life that shouldn't have been. But this life you want to be? Yeah, this is the one. This is the one you live for. You breathe and you have you're being forced to do it. And you got you got brothers and sisters saying I'm with you, you know where we are. We know who we are.

Speaker 1  1:07:06
Here's the other thing that really stood out to me I was I was one of one of my kind of, I don't know, distant business mentors, I suppose, shared his perspective on the word deserve versus earned. And one of the things he was just talking about that and like his own perspective on that, and all that, which is fine and good. One of the things that really hit me as I was reading that was that the, the whole principle of earning, and I think, even, like there's so much to this, when we go through hardship, if you think that you're like, the enemy would have you believe that you deserve hardship. Right. And in reality, the hardship is a process of earning. And it's not that we it's not that we earn our you know, whatever. It's it's not that we're not unconditionally accepted. And like all of those, I mean, it's not like that kind of a thing. But it's like, there is a an earning of stripes that we have to be decorated general in the army of God. Yeah. And I think and that really shifted, because it's easy. If you think that you deserve it. Or sometimes you think that you are the enemy would have me enough to think that some of these things that are difficult are going sideways or because of something that's misalignment on our own part and to be true, to be fair, sometimes it is.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:29
But yeah, there's

Speaker 1  1:08:30
there's some of this that are just enduring hard things as as a as a good soldier, which you've talked about. Yeah. And when you understand that there's an earning in this that you're earning, you're right, you're earning your place, you're earning your, your promotion, it's, it's God is giving you the tools that you need for the next next piece, the next phase, there's a moment that unfolds and all of those things that

Unknown Speaker  1:08:55
not just

Speaker 1  1:08:57
what you said it's not just persecution, it's not just all of those things, but there's

Speaker 2  1:09:01
right perfect that's perfect. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, cuz think about it the way they beat that was for healing. Yeah. Yeah, beyond recognition. Beat him. And we can look at history MCI, I could look at some things that have happened to African Americans. But guess what, America started a healing process.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:35
fading? Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Because the George Floyd more Unity has within and across the board. Yeah. But it was, it was oh my god. devastating but it costs for healing

Speaker 2  1:10:07
Yeah, to the degree in his celebration of life his daughter said my dad the year will cut the whole world known for their great power right

Unknown Speaker  1:10:22
yeah, yeah,

Speaker 2  1:10:24
yeah yeah. Okay so yeah, that's what that's putting the icing on your cake but in her eyes the eyes of a child he's a hero and I help terrible how he will help is out there because they bring it to life. And it is this horrific death I'm bringing life because he's to get the point and we and we gatoring big are they real? They work yes they work much is it work? persecution work? Not that is to come from our hands you know, but yeah, we can't do it right is doing right. Did he know how much how when and where and the blessing is that Matthias used to persecution come to the word so we got it we gotta say oh, we know we know but we're not scared we're not running we're not tucking tail we're not backing up. did not give me is not given up. I want a copy of this record I'll send it over Yeah, because there's not much I can extract from it. If this is holding gold This is only gold

Unknown Speaker  1:11:59
Wow.

Speaker 2  1:12:02
You know, you don't stay in your house for the will of God the guy

Speaker 1  1:12:09
you'll love this. We got our sound guy lived in DC for quite a number of guy a number of years at church. And we're here in our town we are whiter than white. And and with some history to the Klan used to be here and like the headquarter here and all this other kinds of crazy stuff. But one of the things I wanted to do in the middle of the message was in in the when the Israelites cried out there was this was a turning point when they cried out to God. And I just led in a time of crying out. And I wanted to have obviously a music playing so people could be could be praying out loud. And so I get to have my choice of music. So I had I had Tasha Cobbs, Tasha Cobbs version of break every chain for that for that.

Speaker 2  1:13:11
Wow. Is it recorded? Can I hear it? Yeah, you can.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:19
I think he can still use that link to pull it up.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:23
Okay, what's like

Unknown Speaker  1:13:26
I texted it to you yesterday morning.

Speaker 2  1:13:29
Okay, okay, cuz I didn't get to look. I didn't get to look. Okay. So I have it already in the YouTube cuz you said I'm going on going forward and whatever time Yeah. And I was, you know, I was heading in that direction. Okay, I will go. Hook. So it's

Speaker 1  1:13:52
28 minutes in or something when? Yes.

Speaker 2  1:13:58
Because I haven't seen it yet. Yes. Wow. Oh, yes. Yes, yes. Yes. This is exciting. Yeah, I'm looking forward to it. FEMA dies. That's why you got to stay free to mess with us. Once they untied that now in case they didn't come back up.

Speaker 2  1:14:28
They didn't find out. What? Once you get free you don't go there. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Let them Brad you let him read. Straight through the community. Straight through your family. Straight through your relationship. Let him be the commander.

Speaker 1  1:14:53
Oh, yes. Yes and Yes. Wow.

Speaker 2  1:15:00
I just saw a clear, Holy Ghost. And once I had that, once I told them the minister has need of you that don't get and go back and think, Oh, yeah, he's so far, and you better not tie yourself up with bias. And who earned his best three is freelancing pretty empty.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:22
And where the Spirit of the Lord is there's freedom.

Speaker 2  1:15:27
Liberty, yeah. Joy. Hello, yeah, you have got permission to be 100% who we may. You know, you want 100 procurement, the war to fail, right? If you don't give me whiskey, give me on I just hope.

Speaker 2  1:15:50
We celebrate we celebrate Mathias. Dance dancing. Okay. Yeah. And I can capture what we've talked about, because it's critical in your mission. In your assignment, your life is fine. Yes. You might want to begin to extract as you don't want, once you have fun, you know, capture all events. And talk about what it's like to be a signer the difference?

Speaker 2  1:16:37
Yeah. So his promises to you are? Yes. And Amen. Because you're fine. Cuz you're, like, go listen to Jonathan mixpanel. graduation. Got it pulled up here. We're done. Okay, excellent. Excellent. And and and enjoy and worship and dance. and celebrate. Yes, this was a victory. This is a victory. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So I'm gonna I'm gonna stay on you about writing. Because God is doing something and we want to capture. Yeah, fresh and fresh and new, like snow want to capture? Yeah. Yeah. So I'm gonna get with these little people. Avalor has positioned themselves in an ivory, she has this rolling beauty shop, you know, get himself in it. And he's run like a chariot.

Speaker 2  1:18:06
Come on, come on, you know, to make sure that you're us that they're funny. They're hilarious and that they go forward. And now I repoing them with a paralyzed sounding exam and somebody's got a bullet you know? Can you always choose somebody with the wisdom to get you out?

Unknown Speaker  1:18:37
Got

Unknown Speaker  1:18:41
it. Whoa, yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:18:51
Good. All right. Writing on my radar graduate, and we're winning. Yeah. Your attitude.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:00
Yeah. And let me make sure I'm giving you either Hold on. Let me look. Matthias is Second Peter. Chapter one.

Speaker 1  1:19:25
Second Peter chapter one. Okay. Okay. I'm sorry.

Speaker 2  1:19:31
First Peter, First Peter, chapter two verses one through three. Got it. Okay. All right. Let's say I love you guys. You're welcome. back. Okay.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai