Unknown Speaker  00:44
Hello,

Unknown Speaker  00:45
hey, hello. How are you doing?

Unknown Speaker  00:48
I'm good. How are you doing? Good?

Speaker 1  00:51
Yes, yes, good to good to connect you.

Speaker 2  00:56
Yes. Do you know Andy Mason,

Speaker 1  01:00
so I don't know, personally, I've been at some of his events and that followed his work. Yeah, okay, how about yourself?

Speaker 2  01:14
Yeah, we my husband. I'm sorry he's trying to find the link. Let me quick send that

Speaker 2  01:30
to him. Yeah, we know him. We both did ministry school in Redding, California, yep, and that's how I met Andy Mason through heaven in business. And for Joel, it was just already a family friend. So

Unknown Speaker  01:47
wonderful. That's great.

Unknown Speaker  01:56
Hi. Joel,

Unknown Speaker  01:56
hi. How are you doing good? How are you doing good? Good,

Speaker 1  02:05
awesome. Yeah, good, yeah, just hearing a little bit about Neil's connection with Andy Mason. Yep. So how do I how to pronounce your first name at Noemi. Noemi, okay, awesome, brilliant, brilliant,

Speaker 2  02:27
and you're in Kenyan city, so you're, yeah,

Speaker 1  02:32
that's right in our Southwest. And you guys are located, you guys are still in the springs. Yes, yeah. Awesome, wonderful. Wonderful, yeah, so I mean, kind of what, what prompted this was, I've been, I've been, I've been, been moving into some of this more in the secular, non religious space, and looking to bring, bring, bring hearing God's voice into into that spaces. And I was like, it would be really neat to be able to connect with some folks in Colorado Springs, in the area who want to make this kind of a practice and a foundation of what they do. And maybe it's just, maybe it's just one meetup, maybe it's just meeting people for coffee, I don't really know what, but just kind of taking,

Unknown Speaker  03:30
taking the moment to step out a little bit. So yeah, I mean, I would love to hear a little

Unknown Speaker  03:38
bit, little bit of what you guys do, and any thoughts you guys have on on that little idea?

Speaker 2  03:44
Yeah, Joel, are you still there?

Speaker 3  03:48
I am sorry I I'm remote right now, and so it's probably better if I don't have video on but I'm here.

Unknown Speaker  03:55
Okay. Do you want to start

Speaker 3  03:58
sure we are part of a family office. We so my dad started it about 10 years ago, invested in kind of small companies, getting usually anywhere from 10 to 20% equity ownership, and then we would sit on the board, advise the companies. One of the things that we believe is that when people do well, the company does well. And so we've really cared about the people, really pour into the people. And so Noemi is the relationship manager for the family office. She meets one on one with different individuals within the businesses that we are invested in, and kind of coaches them, helps them, like kind of a life coach and a business coach. And then I'm more on the numbers and investing side, looking to see where we want to invest, how we want to invest, but the practical bringing kind of God into. To business has been for me, a lot of one on one meetings, a lot of kind of direction and strategy, asking God, what do you have for the business? What do you have for the individuals? And if it's a Christian business, I usually tell them, hey, this is what I believe God saying. And if they're not Christian, kind of using wisdom and saying, Hey, like, have you thought about this? Or kind of asking more questions that can point them towards heavenly solutions. And so that's kind of how I've approached it.

Speaker 1  05:33
That's awesome. So are most your are your companies local? Are they national, international?

Speaker 3  05:38
We actually don't work with any companies in Colorado. So, a couple companies in Florida. Well, I guess there is a company in Denver or kind of transitioning out of it. And then New Zealand, Australia, we're trying to start doing more Europe. I don't know if you know this, but Noemi is originally from Switzerland, and so we're hoping to, at some point, head that way and have connections and investments and things over there as we do that. So yeah,

Speaker 1  06:22
oh, that's awesome. I got to spend a little shy of the week, or just get to spend a few days in Switzerland and have friends, friends who run us. You resort in the French Alps and part of the world, for sure? Yeah. Good and

Unknown Speaker  06:45
what is your business?

Speaker 1  06:48
So it was running a software business until the beginning of the year. I sold that then, and have been doing various forms of business consulting for the past two years, and in the last last two months, I've basically gotten to this point where none of that was working internally for me anymore, and started leaning in really heavily into just what Do you have and I've been, I've been doing this blend between, like I said, taking this more towards a take it to towards a non, non spiritual, non religious audience, but helping people lean into the inner knowings for them, unpacking who, unpacking who they are. I'm a Colby certified consultant, and have probably obsessed more than the average person over what makes people tech and understanding people and different things like that, as well as doing a lot of inner work myself. And then the third component is, is really what I refer to as collaborative strategy, which is okay, so now that we have those pieces, how do we fit that together and lean this, you know, lean into the practical outlooks back. So there have been some different different folks, executive level, senior leadership level folks, former former company presidents and things like that, or also consultants that I kind of worked with in the last number of weeks in pilot programs, pilot versions of this, and yeah, just helping them, helping helping folks lean in and get some momentum in some of those spaces, and helping them make the shifts required to get to where really the space that they're that they need to be in. So that's what I've been doing. And just very early stages, you know, full candle candor, probably a little white knuckled and, well, actually, I say, under normal circumstances, would be white knuckled. I've had an uncanny sense of peace about what I'm doing, and just leaning in and taking one step after the other.

Unknown Speaker  09:22
So, yeah, that's great.

Speaker 1  09:35
Cool. Well, if there, if there were, I guess, what's, what would, what would one thing, one outcome from this call that would make it, make this, make this be absolutely wonderful for you guys.

Speaker 3  09:57
I think it's really great connecting with other. Business people who are on fire for the Lord, going after him. It's there's some of us. It's hard sometimes to find, though, I feel, yeah, it's a lot of our communities from church, and it's great. It's sometimes hard though to talk to talk to them about what we spend most of our lives doing. And so I think great outcome is just getting to meet you and hear about what you're doing. I'd love to also hear your heart of what are you dreaming about, and then, I mean, we're not that far away. Be great to get coffee at lunch sometime. Yeah,

Speaker 1  10:47
I would love, I'd love to do that. I'm going to be up on this on Friday the sixth, and I'd be, I'd be available to grab lunch, if you guys went to or do a coffee and be in the afternoon up until probably about 230 something like that. If that would happen in the open for you guys 11.

Unknown Speaker  11:12
Yeah, two thirds, good. I think you have something. Joel, right? No, that's

Speaker 3  11:17
on the sixth. That's this Friday. Okay, I think we're free. We'll get we can get back to, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  11:23
I can, you

Speaker 3  11:25
said until, until that time he's free. Oh, got it. Okay. So before, yeah, yeah, sounds good,

Speaker 1  11:37
yeah. I mean, and really briefly to your question, I had a crazy encounter. I haven't had this happen in a long time. I spent about two and a half years being mentored by by this prophetic lady from Chicago that got to know from a friend and a friend. And probably the last time this happened was when I was when I was working with her. But I woke up last week. I was awake for about four hours, and just the presence of God was so intense, and I couldn't sleep. And I felt like he said, I felt like he told me to go after corporate and start working with executives. And I really feel, I really feel the the life of God on it, and absolutely terrifying, not because I haven't, I mean, I've, I've connected well with executives in the past. I've had VP Helm, like VP level positions for for a year and a half, I've been in levels of business where it's not intimidating to me, but, but still, it's something new. And so really, my heart has been to, well, it has been to follow him, but that's, that's really the thing that I've got my heart set on right now, and figuring out the best path to connect with these folks and and, and to lead them into what it is that I'm doing good. Yeah? So there's, there's in that film version. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 2  13:21
That's beautiful. Something that I do with my work is as well a little bit this untraditional coaching. Which Christian, non Christian, I ask Holy Spirit, what they need. And it's a very individual call, which is beautiful, and it has been so great fruit coming from it. But I can relate. Sometimes, there are days I'm like, What am I doing? Like, this is not normal. Like this is, you know, people study, they have papers, and it just goes this way. And right now, it's just really leaning on him and trusting Him, that sometimes the kingdom is a little bit upside down, what it feels like, yeah, and, you know, and, but when the hand of God is on it, there will be multiplication, multiplication. And so just want to keep encouraging, to keep going, even though it feels sometimes odd, it's really needed, you know, I see that also, with my part, it's really needed that people see, are seen, especially in the business world. I think that's really important.

Speaker 3  14:29
Yeah, and something to add to that too is we've been going to a lot of different conferences, other family offices, other investors, and it's a beautiful chance of meeting very high net worth individuals, and they're desperately hungry for love, and they've got a lot of money, but are struggling on the relationship aspect. And simple questions of, what do you do for fun makes them cry because they're like, no one's ever asked me that. And we get to minister to them and pour God's love into them, and it's it's really cool, because saying yes to God might not make sense right away, but then just the impact that you have, like I would have never thought that would have been when I was out at ministry school. This was not what I was expecting to be doing in five years. So yeah, it's, it's really cool when you say yes to God, how he's going to use you.

Speaker 2  15:29
I think that's a really good point that you Joe one time said is when you're in the field where God wants you and read the Bible, you read it so new, and it just makes sense in that context. Yeah,

Speaker 1  15:44
no, that's so good. It's so good. And the human condition is always that we want safety and stability and comfort. And he's always calling us to go deeper in walking the face, which is what he rewards. So yes, I love this. I love this a lot.

Speaker 2  16:05
Well, yeah, I will get back to you regarding that Friday, so maybe we can catch up more in person. That's good. Yeah, I would love that. Well, thank you so much for reaching out. And I'm excited to connect.

Speaker 1  16:25
That's good. Yeah, you're welcome. Thanks. Thanks for connecting as well. I appreciate it.

Unknown Speaker  16:29
Thank you,

Unknown Speaker  16:30
both of you guys.

Unknown Speaker  16:32
You too. Thanks. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai