Speaker 1  00:04
All right, let's see if there we go. My audio is working now. So I'm going to pull up just a few apps here.

Unknown Speaker  00:13
Share them Why can't I see I can't see Excel on my apps list, it's trying to scan

Speaker 1  00:35
I will need to share it later, I'll try to remember to share it. Okay, so we've got these open. So I'm gonna go to the wiki. And

Speaker 1  00:54
we're going to do the ad spend report. So I'm going to start with the Google ads, open this one in a new tab, new tab. Yes, leaving both we're going to do a download, I usually do Excel, CSV

Speaker 1  01:19
download this one, Excel, CSV. And then I'm also going to go over to Facebook, Facebook in a different browser, network browser. So I'm going to export this one raw data table with that a summary row. And then I'm going to export this one, same settings, you'll see it's processing these give a few little bits of process. When prompted, download it, download that one. This one's finishing up, I'll give that one a chance to finish up.

Speaker 1  02:11
Meanwhile, I'm going to actually I'm going to try this and hang on, let me do one thing here.

Speaker 1  02:49
I'm going to actually go ahead and upload those two Excel ones, those two Google ones in the here and see if I can make the necessary edits in this in this way. So you need to delete this column. You need to delete these two rows, then you need to download it as Excel

Speaker 1  03:21
you got to do the same thing over here for this one, delete the currency. And you can do this in any order, of course, delete the first two rows

Speaker 1  03:36
oops, that's too many. Oops, and I need to download that one. Download as an Excel document. Okay, so there's that one. And we're going to open it up, open this up. So basically, then what we have to do is Indiana, Facebook, select input files, and we're gonna go to downloads. And here's Indiana Facebook that I just downloaded directly from there. We're going to run that one we're gonna do Indiana Google. So this one would be the Google Indiana Excel file that we downloaded. I've never used Google Sheets. So we're gonna see if this works and it did. Then we're gonna do North Carolina Facebook. So be sure to get in North Carolina Facebook, you choose the right to run like it's important to run place. And then we do North Carolina Google. And so we're gonna do Google North Carolina. Boom

Speaker 1  04:57
and then For the link to this in the you want CPSC Analysis Start date here let me figure out what the start date how I had been doing this 1120

Unknown Speaker  05:31
Okay so I'm just going to copy this one in here

Speaker 1  05:46
so then I'm gonna do Download as PDF actually hang out let's spot check this So Nina Facebook was 3162 1325 14 anyway just kind of checking some of these numbers to see whether Wow

Speaker 1  06:25
anyway that's that's crazy anyway I need to take a look into that I don't understand why that is behaving so differently so we're gonna grab this as a PDF

Unknown Speaker  06:45
and

Unknown Speaker  07:01
Good

Speaker 1  08:14
anyway that's basically it. I guess that's all we need. You need to watch the rest of my email and I'll send you the recording


Transcribed by https://otter.ai