Speaker 1  00:00
What's up everybody, Chris Evans here. And I am so excited that you're on this page, because I have something that I think might change your life. If you're someone who works with clients. And you've done a lot of things, maybe you build a website, maybe you blog, maybe you've done a podcast, maybe you've done direct mail, maybe you've tried to run ads, maybe you've gone to network meetings, maybe you've gone to conferences, right, the list goes on and on and on, of things that you've done that simply have not worked for you, and you're kind of tired of it, you're ready to take the potential that you know that you absolutely have, and really scale it to a bigger audience. And what that in turn means is, you can change a lot more people's lives with your expertise. But then also you can make more money, which you absolutely should be doing, and you absolutely deserve. So there is a system that we have created, that we have built out of our struggle and out of being in the trenches, and being so pissed off about our situation in life and business, that we had to figure out something that was actually going to work and, and really get our potential out there so that we can change a lot of lives and make a lot more money. And so what we've done is we have about four or five shifts that we implemented into our business that took us from zero to a seven figure client business within about 90 days, not only has it transformed our lives and our business, but it's transformed the lives of many, many, many of our clients who have implemented the same things that we're going to talk about on the training today. Now, what I must tell you is that this training is not live, it's automated. But it's part of our process. See, I'm here recording this video for you, while I have a webinar running, and we have prospects that are coming to us every single day with this system. And if you don't have it implemented in your business, then you're missing out, you're missing out on changing lives, and you're missing out on making the money that you deserve. And you're missing out on having the freedom in your life that you should have by being a business owner. So if you're interested in any of that stuff, and it sounds like hey, yeah, I should check that out. Our system is simple. And we use one simple funnel. And I think pretty much anybody can do it if you're a true expert, okay. We have men, women, old young, yo are just a wide stretch of people who have done this and done it successfully. And so if you're ready to break through that ceiling, make more money. Now is your time and I really truly believe that this training can help you. So if that's you, then go ahead and click the button somewhere on this page and get registered. Check out the training, and I'm really looking forward to seeing how it changes your life. All right. See you guys.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai