Speaker 1  00:00
I love I lost connection or something. I'm back, yeah, okay. I'm not sure what happened. I don't think it was on my end.

Speaker 2  00:07
Yeah, I was a data connection, and my my cell connection is better, so if you call me back, I can, I can grab it on my cell connection. Okay, so card presence easier for them, because they just have to enter an authorization code into shit app,

Speaker 1  00:23
yeah, and the amount, if the shit app doesn't already have it up, right? Yeah, but the shit app probably has it up already. It was default. And

Speaker 2  00:37
then we could have a, we could have a process in the back end for dry, or whoever that should be, this to sync up, you know, make sure that all the auth codes are accounted for in the shutout. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  00:54
Well, I think, when, I think, when he gets, when he reconciles all that, see, he has access to the batch stuff online, and he's used to figuring out what those batches are, so I don't think it would be any problem, as long as There's an order number. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  01:21
All right, and so,

Speaker 1  01:26
and you might talk to him, because it might be that just the last four of the credit card is all he needs. Because if he has the last four the credit card and the amount which he will have, you know, that might be enough, and that would be easier, probably, for the for the salesman, than having to look and, you know, make sure he's got that order number. He just, he's got the card in his hand. He's just processed it. He flips it over, and he looks at the number and gets the last four Right,

Unknown Speaker  01:59
right? Yeah.

Speaker 1  02:05
That what are, what are you thinking now you're, what are you capable of, and what, what are you thinking you might be able to do for us on this? Because I don't really know what you do, and is it, would this be part of your CRM, or is would this be, I mean, would this be tying CRM into the chat

Speaker 2  02:36
app? No, it would be. It would, it would end up being independent database, probably to tie this stuff out, I'm guessing. Well, let me think, well, let's, let's figure out what's let's figure out exactly. Let's break this down just a little bit more so. So we're only looking to replace card present, right? We're still going to use, use stripe for over the phone and then other things like that, Correct?

Unknown Speaker  03:09
Oh, good question.

Unknown Speaker  03:18
Yeah, that would almost be

Speaker 1  03:28
I think it would be better not to complicate it. I think they can. I mean, they can just put in a manual number in these machines. They don't have to do it in the shed app. And if we're what I'm thinking of is the back end, if we've got some of it coming through through stripe and some of it coming through through our processor, then we've added another layer of complication for reconciliation and making sure that payment gets to the invoice it needs to go to, and that kind of thing. So

Speaker 2  04:04
but the biggest issue with that, then, is, is the 5% of scenarios where somebody's like, hey, just text me the link, or I just want to text, text me a payment link and I'll punch in my my info. I don't know if that happens or not, so that's that is a potential scenario, there's still, there still is some level of okay. So for card present, it makes it easier. Just throw in the last word matched out like, yeah, it's same day. If we're able to identify terminals, then you can narrow the search down to that salesperson in that terminal. Now, where the issue is is then on manual, you know, over the phone transactions. You key it in, and then you got to key in the last four one more time into the shed app. Yeah, I.

Speaker 1  05:00
The let me, let me ask another question. Yeah, sorry. I hope I'm not making this too disjointed. They have these deep, little credit card scanners that all they do is dump the text in the fields on the screen. Yep. Is there a possibility? I mean, this wouldn't be qualified as a card present scan, but it would be doing it the same way every time, we would just forfeit the one and a half or 2% card present incentive and just let them do it the same way. Every time it would all go through strike. I hate to let it get through strike because of all the possibility of them keeping our money, but we would just let them go ahead and scan, and they would scan every time. That way, they're not having to key everything in. It's picking it up off the card, but it's just dumping the text in the fields on the screen. Yeah, is that a possibility? That's just another, yeah, another level of scraping.

Speaker 2  06:17
Well, and that's really, I mean, that's, that's that's as simple as a, I don't even know how much they run, but five to $50 keyboard, wedge, magnetic card reader.

Speaker 1  06:27
Yeah, I've got, I've got enough of them already, probably with QuickBooks.

Speaker 2  06:37
Yep. So, so the challenge, the challenge is, I think you know, at looking at one, one to 2% one to one and a half, or whatever it is, you're looking at enough money that it, it could make sense to, I don't know, though, you I Don't know,

Speaker 1  06:58
at one point figure, the aggravation. And, you know, I mean, people get stuck in one way of doing things. And, yeah, if you can do it the same way every time, you're just better off,

Unknown Speaker  07:15
yep, yep, yeah,

Speaker 1  07:18
I don't agree what the figures are. Darius might be able to tell you that a little easier. But the problem is, we don't have anything to compare it to, right?

Speaker 2  07:32
Yeah. I mean, I think, I think you basically have to run the math on saying, hey, if we had a I mean, there's two questions. One, can we I wonder too, if you could have a system. Well, I don't know if you would. Here's a very simple,

Speaker 2  08:01
a very simple way to do this. The only challenge, really, for folks is multi multi order stuff. But if you had a custom checkout screen, where the first thing you did is you put in the the amount, and it shows you everything where, where. That's the calculated down payment amount. And you can just choose the order that you want to send it, push it to order and customer that you want to push it to, and then go through the rest of the checkout process. That's pretty foolproof. 95% of the time. The only, the only issue is when it doesn't work, it's, it's then, then you have to say, well, this for multiple orders or, or I gotta find a let me. Let me search, find a customer. And you search for the customer, either by name, phone or email and and then once you find the customer, be able to input on each of them how much is going to which one shows a subtitle, and then you go through the checkout process. So now there's, there's upside, there's downside. That's really upside. It's really not,

Speaker 1  09:09
that's really not a problem on our end, if every transaction comes over to EVMS, because, yeah, you know where that's really going to be a problem is with people like Colorado, rent to own or, you know, any any rent to own company. We're selling the sheds to them, and they send the payment as a lump sum for five or six different buildings. Well, that's no problem for us. If those, if every transaction has come over, every invoice is there, then in EBMs, we just see all these open invoices, and we apply them as they say. We're supposed to apply them because they've got the invoice numbers right. So they they send us a check with a bunch of invoice numbers on it. We bring it up in Eb. Mess in the payment screen, and we assign that amount of money to these different orders. So am I misunderstanding that?

Speaker 2  10:12
Yeah, yeah, that's right, that's right. But do those right and then, and then, on the shutout side, because it's a because it's an RTO, all that shut up is collecting, is the, is the down payment going directly, or do they? Do? They pay you for building total less down, down payment. You guys keep the down payment. They pay you for the balance, I think so, yeah, yeah. And then, because, so there is some, some consideration for for that. And I think, I think at the end of the day, this is a simple, simple numbers question. You know, we are looking at, we are looking at five figures of savings, but, but the question, the question that ends up being in terms of frustration levels, cost of implementation and cost of maintenance and cost of support, does this mistake and cost of mistakes? Is this actually worth it? And so you're absolutely correct that just paying the full fee using using a keyboard wedge like you described, that's that is very simple and streamlined, and it's a single system for salespeople. And strictly from the salesperson perspective, I'm gonna guess, I'm gonna guess 99% of them are gonna be highly in favor of that. Yeah, I would again, imagine why they wouldn't like it. So, yeah, good.

Speaker 1  11:39
Yeah. Do you have any pull with the said ask, do you think they might go with a different processor? Because that makes me nervous. I mean, we're talking a pile of money going through. I going through stripe.

Speaker 2  11:56
I have not yet found anybody. I don't know if you can write a check to do it or not, but I have not found anybody who has has the clout to speed up, slow down or substantially change the direction of the Shut up as it gets developed. Yeah, you're right, yeah. So I do think this is, I think, you know, practically speaking, there are a lot of companies. There is obviously a lot of business that's going through shed app. I don't know what, what shed suite and the other vendors are doing. I think it would make sense for for to ask for different, especially different credit card gateway where we could swap out back in Merchant Services. But I view this as a, this is, this is fundamentally a risk management question. Yeah, so it is, I don't know, I'm happy to put a put a bug in their ear and say I'm talking to companies, and we're looking to, we're looking to mitigate risk. Yeah, I've got clients using shit out, and we're looking to mitigate risk. And what kind of options do do we have?

Speaker 1  13:20
Well, I probably do the same thing, so the more that more people to hear it from, the better. Probably,

Speaker 2  13:26
yep, probably, okay, good.

Speaker 1  13:39
Well, it's encouraging to me to talk to you about it, because I feel like so many people that I've tried to explain this to don't get it. And I mean, there's so many ins and outs of it, you know, they're trade offs, and you expect that. But I think a lot of people don't understand the issue of the credit card, of the card present and everything, well enough to even talk about it.

Speaker 2  14:10
Yeah, PCI compliance in itself. That's a big, that's a fair, that's a pair, right there. Oh, man, all right, good. Was there anything else that you can think of? I'm really glad we stumbled onto that conversation that's that's useful and helpful to me. Is there is anything, anything else that you can think of on your end?

Speaker 1  14:36
I'm just wondering what it's going to look like. You know, is it going to be flexible enough to to do both metal and buildings on our counter out here, because we do both, and what's it going to look like? How's it going to mesh with the. A our whiteboard on on air table, or can we eliminate our whiteboard on air table? Yeah, I'm just so curious to it's maybe too far too soon in the conversation to give those answers. But

Speaker 2  15:22
so you're saying, Yeah, you're talking metal and wood. Barnes, are you thinking something into into the roll forming side,

Unknown Speaker  15:32
yeah. I was thinking roll forming side, yeah.

Speaker 2  15:37
Well, walk me through a little bit. What's, what's, what's on your mind on the rule forming side?

Speaker 1  15:44
Well, ideally, it would be nice if, when we take an order, the information could be put in right there on EBMs screen. And I think we have enough fields now that we can do that. But it would be nice if something like air table or a CRM could have that information automatically flow in. You know when it's supposed to be ready, how big the order is, what half of the day it's supposed to be ready, whether morning or afternoon, whether it's delivered or picked up, and then have the customer's cell phone information so that when it gets ready, the CRM could automatically text

Unknown Speaker  16:36
and tell the customer it's ready. That would just streamline things quite a bit for us.

Speaker 2  16:46
So you could have, I didn't think about that the automation is would be a nice touch. So you could have a,

Unknown Speaker  16:58
would we want to do this? You could have a how many, how many weeks out is it usually at a time?

Speaker 1  17:09
It's usually only four days at the most. Okay, we're in the same time. We might be a week out, but it's not, it's not very usual.

Speaker 2  17:21
Okay? So we could have, we could, the way you get, you would, you would model this in a CRM, is, you could have a pipeline with, let's, let's just say, Well, I mean, with eight stages, because Monday's wholesale, so it's, it's Monday morning, Monday afternoon, Tuesday morning, Tuesday afternoon, etc, the whole way through. And then there's a there's a final one that's just off in the future. So you'd have nine and and on the and you would seek across customer information, like you said, the date that it needs to be done by, and the and half of the day. And so if it's more than a week out, it would just stay hanging out in that in that final stage. And then as it comes, and then it could come, it would get but if it's within, within that time period, it would get dropped into, into the respective stage so you could see them. You can see them staged out. And then you could have a way. Or would you have EBMs, then be the one that's how would you mark it complete? Does that when it happens? Or EBMs? So that's that still remains the source of truth.

Speaker 1  18:49
Good question right now. The whiteboard is source of truth. The air table, whiteboard, that's what we look at to decide whether or not it's complete.

Unknown Speaker  19:04
So you could

Speaker 1  19:08
and that brings up another question, if it see if, if we call the customer and let them know, we know if there's an error, if it doesn't go through with a text, does it come back with an error code and somehow let us know that they weren't contacted?

Speaker 2  19:30
It should, but, I mean, we again, that could be built into the automation. That's a good question. I think it could be building the automation we would still need somewhere with an EBM s, like on the EBMs customer record. We should probably have either you need to delineate with if their number their number type. So is it a cell phone that can receive texts or not? Yeah. We

Unknown Speaker  20:00
do have that okay,

Speaker 2  20:04
and also high level has, I believe that their work actively working on, I believe it might be turned on. They have outbound AI calling, and this might drive people absolutely bonkers. So maybe we don't want to do this, but you would have the option of just saying, hey, look, this is a this is an automated call letting you know that your order is ready. If you would like to talk to somebody about your order, please press one and I'll transfer you over. So that's how you make it not be, I mean, yeah, or you could even do a voicemail drop. That might even be the easiest try to do a voicemail drop. And then in high level, then high level would be the opportunity view would be, basically be your whiteboard, which I'm assuming that's on a screen in the shopper, that's somewhere where

Speaker 1  21:02
on everybody's screen. It's just one, one screen that everybody has access to,

Speaker 2  21:08
okay? And then whenever it's done, they just take the opportunity, the market is one, and the moment it's one, we take that signaling that it's complete, and we fire off the automation. Yeah, yeah, okay,

Unknown Speaker  21:30
interesting idea,

Speaker 1  21:35
yeah, well, just just to put it out there for consideration, yep, and

Unknown Speaker  21:42
then, were there any other any other systems?

Speaker 2  21:53
Well, tell you what I actually, actually need to drop off here for another call. Are there any other systems we should be talking talking about, or does this pretty much cover pretty much cover

Speaker 1  22:03
it? I think that pretty much covers it. I may think of, you know, I'm not kind of new to this. I'm not sure exactly which direction we're going with it. So, you know, we do have other systems here that that send information to the breakout back and stuff like that, but it's not usually customer related,

Speaker 2  22:29
right? And I generally want to keep my hands out of that type of hardware communication.

Unknown Speaker  22:37
But yeah, I think that would be it for now. Okay,

Speaker 2  22:42
well, if you think of anything, shoot me a text. I'm gonna be working on putting a report together for rich over the next number of days and and even after, after I get it to him, it's not like doors slam shut and you can't whatever. Feel free to holler and, okay, Miller, Miller,

Speaker 1  23:03
okay, yep, all right, okay, very good. Thank you. Yeah, it's been been good.

Speaker 2  23:11
All right, sounds good. You have a good day. Thanks. You too. Yep.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai