Speaker 1  00:01
Hello, Hey, good morning, Richard, good morning. Sorry, it's calling. I'm sorry. Okay, I couldn't remember a name.

Matthias Miller  00:12
Yeah, yep. How are you doing this morning? How's your day stacking up?

Speaker 1  00:16
Oh, it's it's fine. I have a couple of errands to run in town, but otherwise, I'm pretty well caught up right now.

Matthias Miller  00:30
Yeah, I'm sorry to hear about your dad. First of all,

Speaker 1  00:32
yeah, I appreciate that. It was not a shock, but it was a little bit of a surprise. He had had episodes like this before, but always rallied. So we kind of expected that again, but none of us can stay here forever. So,

Matthias Miller  00:49
no, we can't. I think, I think even if you know it's coming, it's not, it's not something that you're ever fully prepared for. Yeah, well, yeah, my balance is to you and prayers to you and the rest of the

Unknown Speaker  01:12
family. Appreciate that

Matthias Miller  01:17
you're welcome. Yes, I just want my understanding. Yeah, so really big picture I've been working with, been working with rich just getting, getting 360 degree view of of all things, and looking at opportunities and opportunities for growth, for efficiency, for improvement, and just looking for a lot of different perspective and with within, within the companies, and my understanding with and your end is that you handle a lot of the tech side of things. Is that right?

Speaker 1  01:55
I do, although I wouldn't, it has somewhat gotten ahead of me, because of you know how fast it moves. So I have in recent years, hired some of our technology out Landis, Landis technology. Are you familiar? Familiar with him in Lancaster? The name?

Matthias Miller  02:24
Yeah, the name rings a bell. Yeah. Okay, yeah.

Speaker 1  02:29
Nate, what I've what I've got is I've got a fairly decent Dell server here. That's, that's redundant with raid five, I think it is, and I've got extra backups online, and I've got a backup unit here on site, and I've got a firewall Here too, and all of that seemed a little intimidating to me to manage with people needing to dial in from outside with RDP and just to make all that work, and I wanted to get everybody on Microsoft 365 too, so that we were a little more unified in how, how we communicate and stuff. So I got Landis to to set us up with, you know, to negotiate the licensing of all that most efficiently, and to, you know, set up a uh, profiles on each PC, you know, so that virus protection is up to date and that kind of thing. So, yeah, a lot of that, I mean, I I know the terminology, I know in in general and sometimes in detail how it works, but to manage it all with all the other things that I was doing at the time, and with me getting to the point where I'm 65 and about ready to retire, and there's nobody else here that that does any of that kind of thing, I thought, you know, I think it would just be better for the company if I would hire some of that out. Yeah, so that's where I am right now.

Matthias Miller  04:25
Yeah, that makes sense. What all are you guys hosting? So the server is a file. Server is EBMs hosted on prem it is,

Speaker 1  04:42
it's hosted on on that server, and it's on site here. That's one reason, you know, because I knew we were going to need to get into that, probably through RDP from outside. I. I just wanted a little extra guidance, because I've had some experience. I have set up a Citrix farm with a couple of servers years ago, but it just seemed like I didn't have it. Just really the bugs worked out of it, or something. Occasionally I would have trouble with it, but we've basically just not had any trouble since Landis set this up. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  05:29
and then it's also used as a file share. I'm sure it is that right? Yeah, everybody's documents and

Unknown Speaker  05:39
everything is stored on there

Matthias Miller  05:44
and is there? I mean, is there anything else that that the server ends up getting used for?

Speaker 1  05:51
We have two other software packages that we had used previously, so we have some history on there right now, the only place that that can be accessed is from my PC. I just set up a small server on the on the server that would host those two software packages so that we can go back and look at it. Warranty stuff. Okay, so I've got one package that that accesses everything from 2006 to 2016 and then 2016 and 2015 we were in transition between those two. And then from 2015 up through 23 is on another package, and then everything else is EBMs. So I can go back and look up, look up orders and find coil numbers and that kind of thing.

Matthias Miller  06:52
Okay, that's on the metal side. That's on the middle

Speaker 1  06:55
side, yeah, yeah. On the side, we had been using QuickBooks Enterprise, and it was hosted on right works, right networks, which is now right works, which was what I mean, they had an agreement with QuickBooks, and we were able to get we paid for like five different users to use, or seven different users to use that. And that was pretty expensive. That was like eight or $900 a month, but the online version just wasn't extensive enough for what we were doing. So I still have Enterprise 2024 that's being hosted in the cloud. And if I'm not mistaken, we actually own that version, and then when I cancel my subscription is just stop at that version so I can bring it into this server too. So we have some history there, but the last year in QuickBooks is not it's basically only been used for invoicing at the lots. So it's not, not up to date. It's not, it's not really financially solid,

Matthias Miller  08:26
right, right? Are you guys paying any, any kind of subscription on the, on the, on the metal, the old metal

Speaker 1  08:41
software. No, both of those are when I stopped the subscription. The last one that we had was really a slick program that was pretty well customized for us. The only problem was it had very rudimentary accounting, and so it wasn't capable of really giving the reports we needed and that kind of thing. And if I had known about paradigm before we bought EBMs, I probably would have gone with paradigm. Yeah, I understand paradigm is not quite up to speed on the accounting end, maybe not quite like EBMs is, but its functionality for the metal side is just way beyond what epms is, right?

Matthias Miller  09:39
Well, it's it's hard to hear once again. Can make it switch on my wife.

Matthias Miller  09:53
So it's just tough to get the depth that you. Get to on industry specific software like paradigm and the depth that you get to in a comprehensive, you know, kind of ERP quality accounting system, yeah, it's just both of those are really, I mean, those are both. There's a lot of technical depth to each one of those. Find ones that are great in both. Yeah, I had a I had a front row seat. This is at a front row seat with a company help co architect a system. And the most recent project has been accounting integrating, doing an integrated accounting system. And we got a lot of the framework already, and just basic basic into basic accounting already, already done. But a lot of a lot of that integration, having stuff tie out automatically and get pushed across. It's powerful, but it's it's an undertaking as well.

Speaker 1  11:13
It is. It's an undertaking. It's not just an undertaking to get it started. It's maintenance. The thing is a monster to maintain. Yeah, yeah, yeah. One of the problems that we've had, you know, I thought maybe we could do do integrations through APIs, but the problem we've had is the shed software that we like, the shed app. I mean, they've made a lot of improvements, and it's a pretty good program, but their accounting is very rudimentary and and we thought maybe through an API, we could bring over what we need. You know, the transaction stuff from the shed app. But, and when we first started, we told them, you know, look, what we need is x and x and x we need. We need to bring over sales orders. We need to bring over invoices. We need to bring over the sales person information we need. We don't actually need part numbers. That's not something we need. But we need every transaction, like, if there's a down payment that needs to come over, if there's another payment later on that needs to come over. Well, you know, if we had had that, we could have taken, we could have taken that information and been fine in EBMs, but the problem is we're having to take all of that that's put into the shed app and re key it into EBMs, and it's just a it's just a mess. I've not been able to get the shed app to develop their API. They've got web hooks, but the only thing that comes across is the initial down payment. Right?

Matthias Miller  13:14
Do they help us? Do they have any kind of report within the system for payments?

Speaker 1  13:24
I'm trying to remember. I'm not sure. I'm not that's a that's something that I've not really been involved in a lot. Is the shared ad, except to talk to them about what we need, and when I've told them that we need all the payment information. They haven't mentioned anything about well, let's just give you a CSV file. The only CSV file they have available is through a web hook that that gives just down payment information. It gives you the sales order, but, but the only payment information is the down payment, right?

Matthias Miller  14:04
I'm familiar with, I'm sadly familiar with the limitations. So the big thing so pushing invoices, sales, orders and I uh,

Matthias Miller  14:27
invoice and sales, orders and payments across. Are you familiar with any of the are there other software tools that you guys use for other vendors on The Shed side, like the gazebos and, I mean, in carports. I don't even know if the company you're with is uses a 3d builder or idea room or something that's, I know that's somewhat common, but,

Speaker 1  14:56
yeah, I know there i. I don't think the carport company is using a 3d builder, but we've had so many carport companies, it seems like you have a startup that thinks they're going to solve all the problems, and they're okay for the first three months, and then all of a sudden, they turn a bunch of that over to to, you know, crews that are supposed to do it, and the scheduling is the pit, and the work that's done is the pit, and it gives us a bad reputation

Matthias Miller  15:31
for real. So that's been so then actually, landing in a good carport company has been an ongoing issue for you guys. It has,

Speaker 1  15:41
yeah, and we've tried several this morning, and a lot of them have made, you know, they've pushed all the buttons right to start with. They say, you know, we're, we're taking care of this this way and and, you know, more of it's in house and that kind of thing. But it inevitably goes the other way. If they about three months and then our customers are complaining,

Matthias Miller  16:06
kind of makes you wonder if I'm making a note here, but

Unknown Speaker  16:19
if I

Matthias Miller  16:23
if the economics of it somewhere, well, it's, you know, it could be a combination of things. It can just be bad management, yeah, can. Can just be being sales heavy and making making promises that are they're too good to be true. I mean, it could also be that the economics of carports, and I don't, I don't know the ins and outs, but, but whether, if there's some kind of economic constraint where it doesn't mean you can't hire people to get the job done, do it Right, but, but being admin heavy, really, really just kills you, I don't know.

Speaker 1  17:03
Yeah, yeah. Well, one thing that I've heard, and I don't know how accurate this is, but apparently there are a lot of these corporate companies that are actually Mexicans, and a lot of them are, are not here legally and and it sounds like there's might be some cartel control from other countries, and so it's really hard to get enough money out of it to make it pay when these guys, when these big cartels, are cutting, cutting prices and doing it for less than what a legitimate business could do it. So yeah, I've heard that as a factor, which there's nothing we can do about that. So, and I don't know how much truth there is to it. I'm not trying to promote a conspiracy theory, but it does. It does kind of carry a little weight when you realize how many, how often this happens,

Unknown Speaker  18:20
right, right, there's something.

Speaker 1  18:22
There's, there's very possibly some other things in the works. Hold on just a minute. Somebody walked in my office. Let me Yep, see what He needs here. All right. I

Speaker 1  19:07
Okay, I'm back. All right, very,

Matthias Miller  19:14
very interesting. You say other things in the works, and I don't want to stick my nose. You tell me if I'm sticking my nose where it shouldn't go, other things in the works for the company, as far as corporate options, or just,

Speaker 1  19:30
no, I just meant the cartel involvement may actually be right, yeah, which is something Yeah, I can't control and can't compete with, yeah? But yeah,

Matthias Miller  19:43
I just listened to a Joe Rogan podcast. I don't listen to him often, but listen to this, this Christian guy who went to undercover and did all kinds of, all kinds of undercover work with and had actually had a you. I was pretty close to personally, like guy was a criminal, but personally close to undercover and anyway, that's not a problem you and I are going to tackle this no right

Speaker 1  20:15
here. So seems to be a systemic problem that is beyond our control. We we keep, you know, trying a new company, and we keep having quality issues and service issues. So it's not, I mean, it's just something we have to deal with. And, you know, if people want a carport, we just kind of do a bunch of qualifiers up front, you know? Well, this, this may go this way. How much we can do about it? As

Matthias Miller  20:50
far as the materials for a carport? Could most of that stuff be produced by the metal shop?

Speaker 1  21:01
Or no, it wouldn't be. It wouldn't be an awful it would be a terrible investment in as far as equipment to to manufacture the tubing or to bend the tubing.

Speaker 1  21:20
The the problem we have here is space. We are totally maxed out. And you know, if we, if we could build a new facility that would have better parking for employees, better parking for customers, more room for display even, I mean, because we're not just manufacturing, we're selling year two and and enough room to expand when we see something we like to expand into. One thing that we're looking at now, and we're we're trying to do is sell pole barn kits, and we've run into the thing that, well, we don't stock everything that it takes to make a pole barn, so we're having to source out tresses. We're having to source out windows and doors and concrete and some things like that. So if we were a full fledged building supply, at least as far as as full barns go, I think we could really make it go. There's just nobody in this area that does it. And there's really nobody close by that trusses. There's some Amish over in Meads of the dam. But you know, we could branch out into trusses. We could branch out into building supplies, which would mean we need a lot more space to store things right. There's just a number of ways we could make something else mesh with what we already have,

Matthias Miller  23:03
right? Yeah, I agree. There's a lot of opportunity, and it's partially just because of partially because of your location and, well, I mean, there's a number of factors going into play, yeah, interesting, okay, or diving a little bit from the tech side, but this is, this is good stuff, yeah?

Matthias Miller  23:38
So as far as, as far as, as far as tech goes, besides what you've named, that's, that's basically the extent of it. Is that right? Or is there anything else? Yeah,

Speaker 1  23:48
no, I've tried to keep all of our PCs up to date. As far as hardware and software. I think they're all on Well, let's see. I've got probably, let me count quickly.

Speaker 1  24:14
I probably got at least 13 or 14 PCs, and all but two of those, I think, are Windows 11 pro now. So you know, we're pretty well up to date on that. All of them have at least 16 gig of ram and a one terabyte SSD drive and the core i Seven processor. So you know, for what we're doing there, they're very adequate, yeah, and very snappy. The real, the real upgrade recently was memory and SSD drives. Yeah, I doubled from eight. To 16 and put in SSD drives in, wow, they're smoking. It used to be,

Matthias Miller  25:07
it's true. I would have fun. I would have fun. I it's probably been, I probably shouldn't I mean, yeah, I don't know what. 10 years ago, I take an old laptop just about ready to fall on its knees and and quit working. I'd swap out and stick an SSD in. Crazy, that case could be cracked, but that thing was running like a brand new machine. Yeah, absolutely,

Speaker 1  25:33
yeah. I was a little see to start with because of Read, read, write cycles. But I've not had any problems so far.

Matthias Miller  25:44
Yeah, well, there's, there's been a lot of improvement on that, on that front as well, and there has, yeah, I think the other thing too is, we've got a colleague who's been saying this for years, and I think it's, it's still true. It might be less because of hardware failures and more because of malware or something else, but you are going to lose data somewhere. And so the question is, do you have backups? Do you monitor the backups? Are they redundant backups? And so just, it's more like, just be prepared for disaster, like hope it doesn't come, but be prepared for it,

Speaker 1  26:20
right? Exactly? Yeah, yeah. I have, I have found striped raid drives to be the what, what, to me, feels like the most reliable backup. I mean, we've got backups, like I say, we've got a hardware device that backs up, but we've got raid striped across four drives and and then we've got an online backup yet on top of that. So, yep, yeah, I think we're good to go on backups. Yeah, yeah. Now the local PCs, all of their all of their stuff is stored in in a separate folder for them on the server. So there is some file share stuff there too, but then that stuff would be backed up if they've got personal stuff, you know, they might lose that because I don't, right, I don't really bother with backing up their personal stuff at each PC.

Matthias Miller  27:24
Yep, yep, makes sense. Little side note, but I I've been using Synology devices or or a Synology device for myself, and, yeah, there's no excuse. With the tools that are available, they're super simple to set set up, and there's a lot of options available. So anyway, that's a little bit of a side note that's That's great to hear trying to think if there's anything else. Okay, this is, this is a really super random question, but with your sales guys, I guess you guys don't do that much, that much. It varies a little bit on online sales. Most sales folks are using their phone. They're not using VoIP, but headset issues are there. They are using VoIP. Okay, yeah. What's the word letter? It's uma

Speaker 1  28:23
and I just really have had good service out of it. All of the calls are recorded, and we have that on our system. You know that they're being recorded, and then that's saved for 90 days, and there's, you know, they have extensions, and each extension has a fax line if they want to use it as text capability if they want to use it. So, yeah, almost been really good for us. It's and it's all through, through the network. It was a little bit of a problem right to start with, because our internet connection was slower. It was like 100 down and 30 up or something, and but once we got fiber and got synchronous transmission, it really improved. So we have very little, very little problem with stutter or delay. It's it. We have a little bit, and I think you're always going to have that with VoIP, but we do have capability to go to 1000 megabyte to a gig if we want to. Well, so far, just haven't needed it. I don't feel like

Unknown Speaker  29:47
everybody's you got

Speaker 1  29:49
on all day long every day, and just have any complaints,

Matthias Miller  29:55
yeah, well, there's no complaints or something to fix. You can also, I mean. Or there's some, some kind of traffic prioritization or traffic shaping, and it might be more that you can, you can do too, but don't fix what's what's not broken. Okay, so then with, with, with, on a hardware basis, have you? I've talked to so many people who have Bluetooth headsets or wireless headsets of some kind, and they want to throw them out the window, and I can never figure it out because, well, I mean, partially, I always run an apple. I've helped some of them walk through it and troubleshoot and figure out what's going on. But have you run into any kind of issues like that?

Speaker 1  30:38
Well, ideally here, what would really work best for us is if we could have a Bluetooth headset and a wireless on that connected to a wireless on our belt, and then have have some sort of relays out there in the warehouse, but we have had trouble finding a system that would work because we're in a metal building, and when we we Just can't find headsets that work with that works right? Because we need to get up and walk back and it's, you know, 4050, yards back there sometimes to look for something so to keep the person on the line. It just hasn't worked for us. We we're not we're not just sitting here at our computer and can just stay there. That's the problem, right? So we do have wireless, and we can go out there a little ways, but with Uma, they didn't have anything that had repeaters out in the back. So that's one thing that we do lack, is the ability to go where we want to go. I mean, we've, we've made it work, and it's, there's not been a lot of complaining, but for me, looking at technology and thinking, Boy, I wish I could do this, right? It's been a little frustrating.

Matthias Miller  32:11
Well, really, but realistically, the path of least resistance is, I mean, does, does uma have a mobile app?

Speaker 1  32:20
Yeah, they do and and these guys have it on their phones, yeah, but the here is, we don't have a good signal.

Matthias Miller  32:31
But if you have, if it would be easier to get some kind of mesh, or something mesh network, or something some and get wire Wi Fi coverage over the building, and take your phone with you then, like that'd be way easier than finding the right headset. Yeah,

Speaker 1  32:50
right. And we do that to some extent. We do have Wi Fi outback. We don't have a full mesh coverage all the way to the back, but we do have Wi Fi out back. And if they have Wi Fi calling, some of the guys here don't have Wi Fi calling on their phones, I guess it's older phones or something, but yeah, but it's yeah, that is that's a good idea. I'll check into that and see if we can make better use of that.

Matthias Miller  33:24
The other thing I mentioned to Gabe Gabriel, so I knew him from I don't know how he introduced himself with gab Gabriel, and he was always gay when he was out here. But yeah, Gabe, okay, okay, fair enough. So the he mentioned needing to print, one of the keys things that keeps him tied, tied down at the shop instead of going down to Hillsville, is the need to process orders and be able to to print stuff out. And so I just mentioned to him, you know there's, there's two options. Well, there's actually three options. Probably. Option one is go get a printer with a with an email address connected to it. Number two, set up a VPN. And I don't know if your RDP is just through public Internet, or if you're using a VPN for that. Or option three, if Remote Desktop isn't going through that, have them just log into the remote desktop from the Hillsville location to process orders and print stuff off. So he'll be he'll be in touch with you to talk through specifics. But that one simple thing of being able to access printers from the opposite location to send off process orders ends up being a pretty big deal for him not to be typed down at a at a given location. Yeah.

Speaker 1  34:57
Okay, yeah. Well, we. Can, we can definitely get him in through RDP to print off of EBMs. He will have to get in through RDP. Excuse me. No, I got that wrong. He if he wants to, does he want to print in Hillsville while he's working in EBMs

Matthias Miller  35:26
in hills especially well he wants, he was interested in both going, going both directions. But specifically, the primary the issue that arose was not being able to work in Hillsville because we can't print to to the other location, and there, I sorry, what's the what's the primary one?

Speaker 1  35:50
If he wants to work in Hillsville and print in Wytheville, then he's really going to need remote control of his local PC here in Whitfield, unless, yeah, I don't know about

Matthias Miller  36:08
Well, I mean, you can set up VPNs to bridge, bridge local networks. And, like I said, just, just depending on the type of printer, he's got email, email address, like an email the print email the print service. Or, yeah, like you said, remote access to anyway that's I'm happy to get in the weeds, if necessary. I don't know that I need to being able RDP into his or some, some remote connection into his own PC, would certainly be the easiest, because then he's got everything he needs right there,

Speaker 1  36:51
right? Yeah. And I do, I do that for several people already, yeah, yeah. I do that for myself, and I can easily do that for him, nice. And it's, it's only like $99 a year or something like that to use remote PC, which really works good, good. Then you've got access to your desktop and your printer and everything, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  37:25
yeah, exactly.

Speaker 1  37:28
But if there is something else that you know of, it's better than that. Better way to do that. I'm really open.

Matthias Miller  37:35
I'm not I've been so far out of loop on remote access stuff. Like I do, on on my stuff I do. I typically do a VPN. One of them has, one of them has, like, a two factor verification. To open the pinhole to access the destination. Another one just just as a VPN, with a simple IP address filter to access the server, and then, using remote desktop, or on my Linux boxes, it's SSH. So that's another kind of set up we're after here, and I'm not super familiar with remote remote access software. You got something that works? I'm a big fan of do more of what works. Okay,

Speaker 1  38:35
well, I don't know much about VPNs. I've never set up or used VPNs, except, well, I guess that really wasn't VPN either. When I set up that Citrix farm, I had a, I don't think I used a VPN. I just had a static IP that was well protected with a firewall. But, yeah, yep, Yeah, makes sense, all right, but I do have some resources that could help me with a VPN, so maybe I'll talk to them about that, see if there's anything that would work better?

Matthias Miller  39:24
Yeah, I don't, I don't know. I think the biggest advantage of a VPN over over that probably was just one more layer of security, of protection. Yeah, security. Because then you can have, then you can, again, depending how you set it up, but you can have certificates then sitting on on the client computers, and, yeah, I. There's, I don't know it's it all ends up being a risk management, yeah, effort, investment, return on it kind of a, kind of an equation. So, yeah, yeah, for gate, for Gabe, the biggest advantage I would see is, if you guys want to strengthen the security of especially the EBMs access and the remote access, if there's any concerns around that, I don't, I don't delve too deeply into and I know plenty, plenty on the IT side to be dangerous. I actually outsource a lot of my IT stuff myself, because I don't want to mess with it. Saying here in software is my, my deep expertise. So yeah, for Gabe, the remote that, that remote, remote PC access is, that's, it's the nail on the head. Yeah. Okay. Good, well,

Speaker 1  41:12
are you? Are you the one that's talking to rich about customer relations, CRM stuff. I

Matthias Miller  41:24
haven't had conversations with him yet, but I'm working with with Colorado shed out here with on that.

Unknown Speaker  41:28
Oh, okay,

Matthias Miller  41:31
okay, so, yeah, what are you thinking on that?

Unknown Speaker  41:36
Well, I think we, we have, we would have access to like, Oh, what is it? Second? Let me look here.

Speaker 1  42:00
We have some connection with Zoho, with our domains and our emails, and Zoho has a CRM, and I think EBMs has a CRM built in, but I don't think we're subscribed to it. Yeah, I've never really used one, so I guess what you could call do we use air table to keep track of. I mean, are you familiar with air table? I'm familiar with air table, yeah, okay, we have. I had set up a whiteboard on air table that displays the orders that we've taken on a calendar if the order is completed, it shows up in gray. If it's delivered in the morning, it shows up a different color. If it's delivered in the afternoon, a different color. And if it's ready to be note, if the customer is ready to be notified, it's another color. That's, I guess, kind of a CRM. It's managing how we contact these customers. It's not full fledged CRM, but it's, it's an attempt at customer resources, or, yeah,

Matthias Miller  43:42
I can tell you straight at where I'm at. I my core philosophy on CRMs is a lot like industry, software versus versus accounting, I think for so. So I'll give you the building blocks of how I come to my decision, I can tell you my where I come out. Come out at building blocks my My decision is number one. Good salespeople hate doing anything but sell, and it doesn't mean that they're well, sometimes they can just have an attitude. But it doesn't necessarily mean that sales is a unique skill that often doesn't mesh well with all kinds of complexity on the paperwork and computer side, and so the more that you can get that stuff out of their hair, the Well, sorry, let me. Let me add another point to that. So salespeople perform the number one factor of salesperson performance, apart from just straight up, how good are they is? How much time are they spending talking to customers? And so my philosophy has. Has been whenever I'm trying to optimize a sales team, make it as efficient for them as possible, and get as much stuff out of their way so they spend as much of their day talking to customers as possible. Yeah. So that's the that's the core philosophy with that I've been then what naturally dovetails out of that is that the more centralized their workflow can be, the better I think. And then I end up with, does the CRM? I think integrated email, texting, calling, within the CRM is really ends up being a time saver, and especially if you can kind of view conversation history and catch up where you're at, if you're especially on more on the sales, more on the phone sale side of things, that's more important, but, and so for that reason, I haven't looked closely at Zoho. I haven't, I don't know what UPM, s CRM is like, I do have experience with HubSpot and with at high level, yeah. So we're using high level because, partially because of pricing. They're heavily invested. They're very growth focused. It's sometimes Rocky, but, but speed of development on that platform is, is really pretty incredible. And they also have very, very open API's, and and so we've actually built out out here at CSC. We built out a shed app integration for that, so that stuff gets pushed from shit app into into the CRM.

Speaker 1  47:01
And so that is, there, is there a possibility to do the same thing with EVMS? Because they haven't, they had an API.

Matthias Miller  47:10
Yeah, there is. The biggest question I have is, once I get off this call, I want to take a look at payments and see if there's any way, because, because there's, there's another trick under my hat, I suppose, which is when I was responsible for managing sales teams, I liked to be able to see salesperson behavior. So I mean number of outbound calls, number of follows per call, contact, rate of leads, and even, and even stuff like for this salesperson, I mean even stuff like tying, tying marketing costs back to revenue. What percentage of revenue, are we spending on marketing? And it tells you all kinds of stuff, like, are we, well, I shouldn't say it tells you a lot of stuff. It gives you all kinds of clues, and you got to figure out from those clues what's actually happening in real life and what's actually true. But it's like, it's, it's, it's, it serves a lot more stable than just flying by the seat of your pants and and some folks are super good on trusting their gut on this stuff. I I want to use my gut when I can, and I want to tie it in with data day when I can, and I want to, I want to use both pieces together wherever possible. So all that to say it's a very long winded way to say that I've been looking at ways to reliable automation to pull data out of shed app that's not coming through the web hook. I'll just say it like that, and I do have some options for that.

Speaker 1  49:08
Okay, if we could get payment information, I mean, that's really the only thing. I mean, we do need salesman information, obviously, so we can pay commission. But if we could get all, you know, salesman information and and all the payment information, see everybody here that that sells could also sell. I mean, let's say that somebody buys a shed at one of the lots they make the down payment there, that information comes over, fine, and then they that customer comes in here to the main office and pays the rest of it off. Well, the people here at the office can use shit app too, and they can just raise in shit app, and then it comes over, fine. That way. There's only single entry. So. Yeah, I'm gonna log in to

Matthias Miller  50:04
shut up. I don't have your account. I've got another I've got Colin. I should've account. Let me, let me see what information is available while we're on the phone here. Okay,

Speaker 1  50:17
I've been talking to Alex, and currently, other payment information is not available. It's just down payment. At least he knows that I need the other payments, and he hasn't given it to me yet. So we haven't even tried web hooks because, because he said the information I'm wanting isn't available yet.

Matthias Miller  50:47
Oh yeah, I can, I can. I can totally suck this stuff out. We can totally, we can totally, it's not, it's not API, it's, it's a form of scraping, but it's, it's very doable.

Speaker 1  51:16
And we got I used to, I used to scrape. I I would take a machine that had a parallel printer, okay, and I was, I would, I would put a little gadget in there between, and I would siphon off everything into a CSV file. And, yeah, I could bring the whole inventory over into another system.

Matthias Miller  51:50
I forgot that because the original Printing Protocol was just basically an ASCII dump of what you want to print, right, right? I mean, and that's what line feeding carriage returns are for Right? Wow, you're a man after my own heart. That is awesome. That makes my week. That's hilarious. I love it. How many times I did that? That's kind of a lost art anymore. It is a lost art. So then would you? So what kind of device was it, and how did it get pushed into a CSV? Was it? I mean, did you? Was it just a splitter into another port?

Speaker 1  52:28
I had a laptop that had a software package that would that would grab that I plugged into a serial port on my laptop, and okay, that was the old nine pin, and it would just capture that. And I could pull it over into an Excel file and and massage it any way I wanted to name it the way I wanted to. And then, then could bring it right into I was, I was cycling off of an old IBM 36 and that was the only way that I could figure to get everything over. And it just ropes like a charm. It's great.

Matthias Miller  53:17
I love it. There's not a lot of people in your world if you can sit down and have those kinds of conversations,

Speaker 1  53:32
probably all right, that that laptop in itself was an it was a dinosaur. I mean, was huge at later time,

Matthias Miller  53:45
I remember our first, our first computer was an Osborn, which is like this suitcase. It was called a portable computer, or something like, it's like a suitcase

Unknown Speaker  53:59
on a hand track, and it portable, exactly.

Matthias Miller  54:01
Yeah, that's right, is portable. Move it by hand. You might, you might throw it back out or get hernia, but you

Speaker 1  54:16
can do this. If you think you can do that, we're, you know, really, really, the big block that I have. Well, I have two challenges. One is to eliminate double entry, so that everybody that works with sheds can work in shed app and it just flow over into EBMs without double entry. The other challenge is that, because of authentication problems and issues with PCI compliance credit cards, you can't do credit card. And transactions through the cloud. Now I'm not sure how Walmart does it, but even QuickBooks, when I would when I'm hosting QuickBooks Enterprise in right networks, which is all supposed to work together, you can't have a credit card machine at your store that you can do card Present Transactions, and it goes straight into QuickBooks, right? It's, it's just that. And you know, it's not a huge percentage, but when you take one or one and a half percent of every sale, and you're talking five to $20,000 per sale, that adds up. And right if, and I, you know, the shed app said, Oh yeah, we can do that. And I said, Well, you need to go check before you say you can do it, because I don't. I don't know if that's going to work or not. And sure enough, Alex came back to me said, Well, you're right. That's really complicated. I'm not sure when we'll have that ready. So,

Matthias Miller  56:19
so your best option there. Man, this is, but this, this goes back to, all right, I mean, to me, you can take this back to numbers game. I have a I've got a, I don't even know what you call it, merchant processor, reseller that I've been working with because probably the last four years I've had a knot in my stomach about stripe. So stripe is built for SAS, that's what they're there for. And I see, I see roofing companies, oh yeah, we got 50 grand locked up in stripe, and they won't let it, let it free, or 100 grand here. And I'm like, guys like, that's not good. And, and plus 3% almost 3% off of off of those, you can totally negotiate lower rates, if it's just but it's built for automation. It's easy for developers to integrate with. And like, that's their that's the thing. It's built for scale. So they have a single, single pricing model that, you know, they're not doing custom stuff. So, so I do have a merchant process or the the only thing I really know to do is say, guys for card present. But potentially, potentially, see if there's a different I'm happy to check in with mine. I know there's other folks in the in the area, or folks in the industry too, and other other folks you have connections with. But for for card present, you run the charge independently, enter it as a as a check, payment against, or however you enter,

Speaker 1  57:59
we can do that. The only problem is you've got double entry. Anytime you've got double entry, you I mean, even if it's just a payment, you've got room for mistakes, and they do have you do. So, yeah, I mean, we do have the card present. I did the same thing. I mean, at all lots, I've got just a credit card machine there that doesn't have to be tied to anything or anything. They should run into charge get under account, and that was fun, except that they forget to get into shap or EBMs or whatever it is they're working with and or they key it in wrong or some you know, or they forget until the next day, and the dates are off, and so you're hunting for where this transaction is, or it's just a it just would eliminate some hassle if the authentication could take place through the cloud. And I think, I think Walmart does it. I don't see how they could survive. I mean, it's got to be tied into the transaction with Walmart, but it's just too much of it for somebody to be sitting in the back.

Matthias Miller  59:14
Right? Exactly, exactly, all right. Here we go. Yeah. Check out lines long you can't take your can't take a coffee break right now. So, so do you know Shut up integrates with any anything besides stripe for credit card

Speaker 1  59:40
processing. There might be one more now, I don't think so, though. I think it's just strike, and I'm not going to use strike. We're gonna we're gonna stick with our I mean, it's enough of a difference. It makes enough of a difference that 1% That are one and a half, sometimes 2% Yeah, to just pay 3% across the board, plus a transaction fee. I think,

Matthias Miller  1:00:10
yeah, there's a 30 cent transaction fee on straight, Yep, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:00:13
yeah. So, yeah, I'm not, I'm not going that way. So,

Unknown Speaker  1:00:21
yeah, so I've

Speaker 1  1:00:23
actually got it set up to where they can't automatically do it in the shed app. It just errors out because I don't want it going through the shed app. It's too it's too hard to find on this end, when you start reconciling bank statements. You don't know where these payments are coming from.

Matthias Miller  1:00:46
Well, here's the here's the advantage. If we suck stuff out of shut out, we know what the fees are, and the entry in, the entry in, I mean, then you can have a, you know, $500 revenue and $50 you merchant fee, or stripe fee, whatever, however it's it's itemized, and then you can have a four or $50 increase to your checking account. Now it doesn't handle it doesn't handle batching, because batching then you still need, when you reconcile, you still need to say, Oh, well, these three stripes got deposited on together. So right, yeah, that's it there. You could technically tie that stuff out if you wanted to, because you could connect here to the underlying Stripe account and and reconcile that way. Yeah, but yeah, that's actually not. It is actually kind of an interesting idea to see about doing that. The big half the big issue. Okay, so there's two major issues on third party processors with stripe. Issue number one is just the functional How do you get it in there? And there's the most reliable way. So basically, what you need to have talking this through, for my benefit, is probably as much as yours. But, but be able to, I mean, it's effectively scraping again, except it's, it's automated form fills, but be able to navigate to the right place, pop in the information, hit save and and have it drop in the shed app, and you basically have a bot running on the back end that does that for you, and and it all works fine. You just, you just monitor it to make sure it works. And then whenever Shut up, changes stuff on their end. You know, you'll have to fix it once a once a year, something, but, but it's doable. The The other issue is the salesperson issue, which is, all right, I'm gonna record a payment somewhere when they're taking that card present transaction. You got to take some kind of order number or something. You know what order to tie that back to Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:03:28
and it's just the last four digits of the credit card would work in most cases. But then you have people who buy, who have more than one order, even more than one order in one day on the same credit card so it doesn't to the transaction.

Matthias Miller  1:03:48
You almost need a well, you could do something like this. You can do something like well, you still have double entry. You can at least, if you have order information in the checkout system, you can at least double check some of this stuff, but have like, a instead of putting in item IDs, like you would need BMS, here's the order number, here's the amount, and it auto fills the amount to apply. You can put in multiple order numbers to pay for, show the grand total at the bottom. And if that's not right, they can adjust what amount goes to which order and and then, and then have that information go along with the payments that we know how to push it back into shed app. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:04:29
gotta be something like that. I guess what we need to do is is decide, and maybe you and Rich and I should be in on a conversation like this. Do we just forget about the card present settings? See the thing about the shed app is you're still keying in. You're almost eliminating more problems by doing a card presence scan and just keying in a number. Or into the shit app, then you are having to key the whole credit card information in the shed app, because you can't scan it in. It's all through the cloud. So when you're putting it into the shed app, you're keying in all that information, right? And if you do a card present transaction, it's picking all that up off the card, right, which I think is as the and then you have the added benefit of your saving one and a half to 2% on the sale, because you have already,

Matthias Miller  1:05:40
do you have, I mean, all right, this is, this is just a tad philosophical, but here's, here's where I see my role is in this whole equation, at least at the current venture. It's go talk to all the people, find out where all the problems are. Go translate these into dollars and cents for rich so he can make an informed decision from a bottom line standpoint. So I think the big question is, if you what volume, what is, what is that one, one to 2% figure of the volume that you're running currently, off of card present, and also, I mean, here's the other thing too, and I don't know how far you want to go, but if it the anyway, then there's a whole host of factors of just evaluate, is it worse? Is it worth the effort in the investment? The absolute worst case scenario in any, any place, anywhere that I've ever seen is, boy, salespeople do not like it when they can't collect payment from a customer, and I don't blame them. Like, yeah, so it's it's got to be up, it's got to stay running, it's got to keep working. But if it could be worth incentivizing. Back to the salesperson and saying, look for every every transaction. I don't know what the right amount is. For every transaction you do, your card present will give you a quarter percent. We'll throw a quarter percent

Speaker 1  1:07:16
on top of your commission. Or it's actually simpler for them to do card present, okay? And then just, and then just key one number into the chat app, right? Because if they, if they key all that into the shit app, they're going to be putting in the customer name, the credit card number, the expiration date, probably the zip code and the amount. And if they, if they do it through card present, all they key in is an order number and the amount. So I don't think there's really an issue for the salesperson, as far as I mean, I think it would actually, they would actually appreciate it to do the card present because they don't have to key in all that other stuff that makes sense.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai