Matthias Miller  00:06
Yeah, we do and tell you what. I also have a meeting here at the top of the hour. I got the email drafted for pm already. I'm going to shoot it off. I'm going to hop over to the other meeting and you, you perfectly answer all my questions. And I had no idea this was your your father who wrote this. I think it's awesome that you get to promote his message. I genuinely appreciate it. I think I think I should have email. We can take it from there. Does that sound

Matthias Miller  00:42
right? You

Matthias Miller  00:59
right? You? You bet, thanks, Tommy Goodbye.

Matthias Miller  01:22
Hey, Jeremy, Hey, good morning. Good morning. How are you doing? I'm doing fantastic. How about yourself? I'm doing fantastic as well. Yes, yes. All right, let's go ahead and hop in here.

Matthias Miller  01:53
If you want to start by pulling up your Facebook account and your Facebook business manager, you

Matthias Miller  02:59
are you able to see it? No if you want to hit the green button at the bottom of your screen, it says share screen. And then we can green button, share, okay, yeah, then you can choose either a window or the whole whole screen to Show whichever,

Unknown Speaker  03:18
whichever works for you. I

Unknown Speaker  03:42
How about now?

Matthias Miller  03:44
I think there's one more button to click, probably there we go. All right, so if you want to just Put in business.facebook.com.com, I com,

Unknown Speaker  04:09
yep, and then

Matthias Miller  04:22
let's see you can just Yeah, close it out. You want to go down this two settings on the bottom left.

Matthias Miller  04:41
And

Matthias Miller  04:56
let's, let's go back on the left and I keep. Be moving stuff around. I lose track of stuff. Let's go down to go into ADS once.

Matthias Miller  05:21
That's not it either.

Unknown Speaker  05:30
So you're trying to change over the account settings

Matthias Miller  05:32
for you, yeah, to shoot, to share access to to the ad and see if you've got an ad account. I was thinking there's Yeah, let's try going into here, yep. And then I don't think page settings is quite right.

Unknown Speaker  05:58
Accessibility, maybe,

Matthias Miller  06:01
no, it's that has to do with

Unknown Speaker  06:07
like, all right,

Matthias Miller  06:15
let me, let me pull some up over here. I

Matthias Miller  06:30
yeah, let's, let's go back over to ad accounts on the left.

Unknown Speaker  06:37
Ads, manager, ads,

Matthias Miller  06:42
good. This is

Matthias Miller  07:00
see if you have

Unknown Speaker  07:13
so we have the business portfolio

Matthias Miller  07:19
at Partners portfolio.

Matthias Miller  07:33
Is there a business settings in here? You scroll down a little bit. I I try and hit the drop down where your name is in the top left, on the left, left hand side, your name there. So you have two business assets under your account. I think we're going to want to create a business portfolio specifically for cornerston outdoor that will, that will hold the ad account. And so let's go ahead and do that. It'll hold the ad account on the Facebook page.

Unknown Speaker  08:11
So putting cornerston, yeah, I

Unknown Speaker  08:24
do I need then your name or my name?

Matthias Miller  08:26
No, your name? Yeah. I

Matthias Miller  08:59
All right, and then, yeah, check the course and outdoor structures page

Unknown Speaker  09:05
next.

Matthias Miller  09:08
I think we can, yeah, we'll go, we'll add, we'll use a different way to add, you can hit. You can hit next, or now, okay, and then confirm,

Matthias Miller  09:29
all right, and then on the on the top left again, where it's your name, let's switch over to the one it just created. So it should try refreshing your screen and see if it shows up.

Matthias Miller  09:49
Okay, there we go. All right now this is looking more like it in that second row of icons there, or second column of icons i. There should be go into users, and go into partners.

Unknown Speaker  10:13
And there's two,

Matthias Miller  10:18
let's see I'm

Matthias Miller  10:27
all right, let me go find Yeah, let's, let's see there's, there's two IDs that you're going to need. The first one, let me drop this in the chat. I'm

Matthias Miller  10:45
so this is the that's the ID of the my marketing partner. I

Unknown Speaker  11:04
let me see where

Matthias Miller  11:20
try hitting the Add button and Yes, yep, and paste it in there. Okay, let's add select corners and outdoor structures, and we'll need, I think, pretty much, probably pretty much, everything here, everything taught, everything, everything opened, everything open. For sure, adds an insight, yeah, um, to the most sensitive, uh, here, hang on, let me. Let me see what they say about access.

Matthias Miller  12:14
Yeah, so let's actually do full control, which will turn everything on, yep, and assign assets,

Matthias Miller  12:32
all right, and then go into the left somewhere, There should be a setting for ad accounts, yep, accounts, add accounts

Unknown Speaker  12:48
and hit add.

Matthias Miller  12:56
You haven't run ads with this Facebook on Facebook yet? No, yeah, so hit, hit the Add button and let's set up an ad account at

Speaker 1  13:05
the bottom or top. Yeah, create a new ad account. Yep. What do you want me to do?

Matthias Miller  13:14
Just corner out, of course, in outdoor structures is good. Okay? I

Unknown Speaker  13:39
this I'm

Matthias Miller  13:45
you try typing Central or Chicago, I don't know what. Oh, Alice. I

Unknown Speaker  14:11
off is that the right one? GMT

Matthias Miller  14:14
let me, let me see if I can find a list, because you can't. I know you can't change it after you get it set up. So we might get go down to it would be around the minus six hours. So let's just go down that way, and let's see what options we got down that's too far, but these are pluses, minus six, minus six.

Matthias Miller  14:58
See if I can find a one. List of

Unknown Speaker  15:01
Mexico City, Chicago is so

Matthias Miller  15:13
what is

Unknown Speaker  15:16
it actually trying to figure out the time zone? Yeah, time zone

Matthias Miller  15:19
that you had, and that's what everything's going to be reported. Be reported on.

Unknown Speaker  15:23
Okay,

Matthias Miller  15:27
let me, let me see if I can find a list, if there's an easier way to

Unknown Speaker  15:34
because shipping Central Time Zone.

Matthias Miller  15:38
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  15:46
I mean Chicago should be Chicago Central.

Unknown Speaker  15:51
I think Chicago and yeah,

Matthias Miller  15:55
yeah, and just do that. Yep, US dollars,

Matthias Miller  16:07
and then I agree. I

Matthias Miller  16:28
and then, yeah, add pain and info, and here I can pause the recording. And let's go back to the you the account access that we were at, users,

Unknown Speaker  16:50
users, yeah,

Matthias Miller  16:51
yeah, users, And then partners. And then let's hit Assign assets and and then wait, oh, now that I'm looking to add the ad account asset. Let me. Let me go somewhere else. Do we need to do that? Then I

Matthias Miller  17:20
No, let's go back into add accounts and see if we can manage access over there, accounts at accounts, right. Assign partner, and then this would be the same partner ID that I sent you sent over to you.

Speaker 1  18:11
Is this all full control? Probably, yeah, full control. I

Matthias Miller  18:23
All right, and then Let's do one Other thing. I

Matthias Miller  19:40
All Right, and then, just for redundancy, here, I'm.

Matthias Miller  20:21
Let's also add this is this is my partner. So let's add this partner number to the ad account. Assign partner. Yeah, assign partner. I

Matthias Miller  20:55
Hey, and then back to the users partners and do the same thing for the page. I'm

Unknown Speaker  21:03
I assign assets, yep,

Matthias Miller  21:05
sign assets like that, full control for everything, assign, assign assets, and

Speaker 1  21:21
I did something wrong. I think I might need to add him here.

Matthias Miller  21:26
Oh, try the, try the, add up top. There you go. That's what it is. Yep,

Matthias Miller  21:40
alright. Maybe that's not necessary. Let's do All right. Well, let's, we can leave it for now. The on the on the page, that's why is that?

Matthias Miller  22:13
Oh, maybe it did you click on code house down the left. Let's use a signed Add Account. There we go. Now, sign assets and do that. There we go.

Matthias Miller  22:33
All right, so that is everything that we need. Let me just run through this checklist that we got over here, I'm pretty sure that's everything we need on the Facebook side,

Unknown Speaker  22:51
see a calendar,

Matthias Miller  22:55
and then let's go into the I'm trying to think there's anything that you need on this CRM side. Why don't we go, go in and set up the well, actually, let me do this. Let me just walk you through what we're what we're using over here on the on the pipeline, and see if the main thing is getting the pipeline set up for you. So the stages are set up how you want it. So give me a second, and I'll, I'll walk you through it, and then we can get it set up. We don't, we don't have to, we don't have to set it up on The call, okay. Were you

Matthias Miller  24:01
able to get logged into get logged into the CRM?

Unknown Speaker  24:05
Though, is that a link I need to find somewhere?

Matthias Miller  24:07
Maybe it's here. It's it's that right there. I

Matthias Miller  24:26
I'm just going to pull this up.

Unknown Speaker  24:45
So Donnie is signing with Google?

Matthias Miller  24:47
Probably, yeah, that's the easiest, easiest way we can sign in with Google. You can also set your own password, but I'm lazy and I just prefer Google. I.

Matthias Miller  25:29
Anything you got it open in a Different window that's not being shared.

Unknown Speaker  25:35
Okay? I

Unknown Speaker  25:44
that work now? Yep,

Matthias Miller  25:46
there we go. All right, so let me, I'm going to go ahead and share my screen, and let me, let me show you what we've set up elsewhere on the pipeline, and if you're happy with it, we'll just replicate it in your account. But just to give you a little bit of an idea how to work, we'll have have new opportunities popping in. When somebody fills out a form, it'll show up in new opportunities, and you'll be able to this is still kind of a test account, so we can play around with it, and then you'll be able to move it, move it around as as you send it through the process.

Unknown Speaker  26:31
Okay,

Matthias Miller  26:33
the So, so the way we have it set up here, you have new opportunities that come in here. You're not able to connect, drop it in their potential ongoing follow up. If you, if it's you've done your follow ups, you still can't reach in. You just you can close it out by dropping into loss down at the bottom. When you drag, are you sharing your if you want to flip, yeah, flip over to zoom, I'm sharing my screen now.

Unknown Speaker  27:11
Okay, gotcha okay.

Matthias Miller  27:15
So we got new opportunities coming in here. So that's where this guy would show up, show up to start with. And you try to reach out. If you're not able to reach him, we have not able to connect. And if you try for a while, this is you can do lost, abandoned, or one like, you know, if they go dark, abandoned, if you if you get the sale one if they go somewhere else, lost, then, tracking for sent quotes, tracking for follow up after you have sent the quote, if they've done something like typically, like Put down a down payment, or something like that, but haven't signed yet, or something like that. You can put pending sale, and then once it's sold, you can drop it into sold and and then market one, which will take it out of this, out of this list here. And I guess the question so the first question is, how do you feel about these, like these datas here, does that make sense to you through the sale? At least? Yeah, yeah. Are you wanting to track beyond the sale? Stay on track on top of it until it gets delivered?

Unknown Speaker  28:38
Yes, yeah.

Matthias Miller  28:42
And so if you do and do, you get notified when it gets into it goes into production.

Speaker 1  28:50
Yes, I would almost not all. So the production probably isn't quite as well. Wait a minute, what's the permit engineering? Is that, like production actually would be valuable permit engineering, probably not so much. Okay, all right,

Matthias Miller  29:11
so we'll, we'll, we'll just replicate this drop permit and engineering get set up in your account. Did you one thing to show you, let me go switch over to my account rather than playing around with theirs. So we have here. So this has built in texting correct that you can install on your phone, and so if you want, I could walk you through the process of getting that set up, sure. And then the nice thing with that is that, and then we can connect it to your email too. The nice thing with that is that you could then have, I should have email connected here. But then. You can see all your correspondence in one place and yeah.

Matthias Miller  30:12
So probably, if you want to, maybe the best thing is, if you want to, want to share your screen, we could get that texting. Text actually, Hang on. Let me think about how we want to do that. Yeah, let's, let's at least get started on the texting stuff.

Unknown Speaker  30:36
Is it something a download on my phone? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  30:40
you'll want to install the at some point you want to install want to install the high level app. You can text from the browser, but you're going to want to install the high level app in your phone. What's it called? High level? Yeah, it's got like, a blue button With with arrows pointing up,

Unknown Speaker  31:10
okay, downloading. I'm

Matthias Miller  31:20
it. If you go down to the settings

Unknown Speaker  31:33
and then

Matthias Miller  31:35
scroll down to phone numbers on the left, I'm

Unknown Speaker  31:44
see phone numbers on the left, like

Matthias Miller  31:47
we had right there. Went past it. It's up a little bit. There you go. I

Matthias Miller  32:03
Yeah, we want you to code to Make sure that you're

Unknown Speaker  32:11
Oh, there we go.

Matthias Miller  33:31
Take A look at I'm

Matthias Miller  34:01
I Want the stuff for tying in.

Matthias Miller  34:15
While that, while it's getting set up, we get started on your Google account. So if you scroll up a little bit to your profile, setting business profile, my I think it's my profile actually. And then there should be a an email, a two way sync email in here somewhere. I'm there we go, Gmail, connect and then put in that info so.

Unknown Speaker  35:01
I liked all,

Matthias Miller  35:03
yeah, sorry, I can't see this one, but probably, if it's permissions, probably, yeah, I

Unknown Speaker  35:24
I get it, then are you able to see this page?

Matthias Miller  35:26
Yeah, I can see this page. So, yeah, I mean, it's, it's green, so let's see about the auto BCC, okay, sending from All right, yeah. And then, if you want to, you're sending an email from from your account, and you want to going into the CRM there's that, that VMz email is, you can either CC or BCC, and that'll make sure it makes it in here.

Unknown Speaker  36:01
Okay, okay, I gotcha. Let's

Matthias Miller  36:06
see. I think that's, that's what we need to get set up on that. So let's go back to the phone numbers, and let's take a look at Phone Numbers. I All right, Let's hit add number. I'm

Matthias Miller  37:08
yeah, what are you seeing?

Unknown Speaker  37:12
Lost my page here, let's see, are

Unknown Speaker  37:20
you able to see my screen?

Matthias Miller  37:21
I'm still seeing the tab that the Manage numbers tab, phone numbers tab, but they might be covered up with other stuff. And on there there's a blue add number button. There you go, add phone number, I guess. The question here I would have for you is, well, I would expect you want to add a new number. You want to keep your existing number

Speaker 1  37:54
as your cell phone. I have two numbers coming into my cell phone, the ones for another transport side and the other ones for the dealer side. So what's what would be wrong with keeping the dealers number in here?

Matthias Miller  38:10
Where's the dealer? Dealer number set up that Google Voice or something.

Unknown Speaker  38:16
It's a business line

Matthias Miller  38:20
with a different with a different provider? No,

Speaker 1  38:23
it's, it's $2 coming to a cell phone once a primary is a business line, and the business lines would have been using for this, the dealer side

Matthias Miller  38:34
got it. So it's, it's with your cell provider, yes.

Matthias Miller  38:47
So you can have, if you want to. So we got a few options we can use. We can do, if it's with your provider, then there's not really a way for your texting to show up in the CRM when I text with that number. So So basically, what we could do. So your options are, keep it with the provider, add a second number that you can still text and call, and when people call it, forward it to that number so it rings through in your cell phone. We can also take that number away from your provider, move it over to the CRM. And, I mean, that's and and have it all exclusively in the CRM.

Unknown Speaker  39:53
So what I still be able to call and text, if you took it away from the provider. Better

Matthias Miller  40:01
you would use the high level app to call and text then into your actual phone.

Speaker 1  40:09
Okay, I think maybe I'd prefer another number that would that first one you said, how would that work? Again? It would, it would text and be transferred to to this other phone number.

Matthias Miller  40:28
Well, I mean, that one would be texting would? There's not really a good way to transfer texting back and forth between two numbers. So texting would, if you text on the new number, it would stay on the new number. Text on the old number, it would stay on the old number. You could then you can set up call forwarding. Well, you you can do two, two ways. On the calling side, you have options. Calling side, when you call out, you can actually show your your other numbers, your caller ID, or when, when people call in, you could forward calls to that number. So the calling side, you can actually mask it better. But then on the texting side, actually, Hang on. Let me see if, let me check one thing actually i

Matthias Miller  41:28
I'm pretty sure verified caller ID is just for Yeah, yeah. So just to recap, texting each one you can't, you can't cross numbers. But on the calling side, you could be able to call out from the CRM and have it look like it's coming from your other number, and you can also forward over to your other

Speaker 1  41:56
number. So yeah, whatever, whatever would be the simplest, I think. So I like having this other number of my business line, because it's all over the sheds on the front door of the office, so I want to keep it kind of as primary contact. But you're saying it would be hard to record that in the C, C, CRM, because unless, if we took it out of the provider,

Matthias Miller  42:31
that's right, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  42:38
Okay, do

Speaker 1  42:46
if we just applied, if we just applied another number, would that be the simplest?

Matthias Miller  42:52
It's it's the simplest to set up. Yeah, it's by far the simplest to set up. I can tell you that. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  43:00
let's just do that then.

Matthias Miller  43:02
And then we can do that. And then, if down the road you want to move it in, and that lets you play around with it. If down the road you want to move your other one in, here we go do that. Okay, so go up to filter and put in like on the search by digital phrases, put in probably, put in some prefix that's that's local to you, I'm guessing, and then match to the Beginning of the number

Unknown Speaker  43:36
first.

Matthias Miller  43:40
And then I hit apply. I

Matthias Miller  43:48
don't know you might even be able to put if there's a local prefix beyond just the area code. I think you can filter further. I

Unknown Speaker  44:05
I did something on here.

Matthias Miller  44:09
Sometimes not all prefixes are available

Unknown Speaker  44:13
either, so I

Matthias Miller  44:30
I mean,

Speaker 1  44:32
paint springs the sun would be fine. I think that's pretty close.

Matthias Miller  44:36
Okay.

Unknown Speaker  44:40
We go, just go and proceed to buy.

Matthias Miller  44:52
And then we'll need to register it for texting and I. What I would like to do, we had one other client do this, but what I'd like to do first, before we have you do it, is go take what we did for them and turn it into step by step instructions that you can follow, because it's we just have a spaghetti pile of instructions right now.

Unknown Speaker  45:15
Okay.

Matthias Miller  45:22
Yeah, so I mean, that's, that's basically it on that.

Speaker 1  45:27
So do I need to start registering now? Click that button.

Matthias Miller  45:32
Let me what, what I would, what I would, what do we would say is, let's let Audrey and I get some clear instructions together, because it's a real, real mess right now, and let's see if we can set a time in the next for sure by early next week, sure next day or two, early next week, to walk through that setup process.

Unknown Speaker  45:53
Okay?

Matthias Miller  45:59
And, yeah, I mean, I think so. So we'll do that. And then Jonathan should have ads running. He said he should. He'll have ads running within the week, okay, and and we'll get them connected in, coming in here.

Speaker 1  46:18
Is there anything more I need to do on my phone or it should be connected. Oh yeah,

Matthias Miller  46:22
if you as long as you log in with your phone, I mean, that's, I guess. I guess the one thing would be, let's go set up. Let's go configure the phone number. Actually, let's go into phone number settings. That's a good thing to take a look at

Unknown Speaker  46:44
here on the

Matthias Miller  46:47
Manage numbers Yes. To the to the left of there's a blue Trust Center. Just go left To links, I'm

Matthias Miller  47:06
losing I

Matthias Miller  47:45
did we lose them? Yep, looks like we lost them. Lost internet, something I

Unknown Speaker  48:11
sorry, loud you.

Speaker 2  48:28
So do you have a good sense of what you need them to know? I'm looking at the Getting Started in the setup right now on go high level. Well, maybe we can pick something out.

Matthias Miller  48:41
Okay, all right, I'll stick it together.

Unknown Speaker  48:51
You still there,

Matthias Miller  48:54
yep, still here. I

Matthias Miller  49:06
if you just want to hit share again on that that tab I

Matthias Miller  50:00
All right, are you still here?

Unknown Speaker  50:08
Yeah, you still there? Okay, here.

Matthias Miller  50:20
Do. All right, yeah, I don't know if you're able to we're back again or not. If you go, go to Manage numbers at the top and you'll See that number that you Just got.

Matthias Miller  50:57
And Then I'm

Matthias Miller  51:42
i Let's just I'll call you on The phone and we can talk through over there. I

Speaker 1  52:08
Okay, that whole page just went south. So I get back on that page. I gotta sign back in. I

Matthias Miller  52:23
Is it called high level? Yeah. App.oh, here, let me, let me, sorry, let me just drop in the chat again for you. Never mind not that. App.go, high level.com, do

Unknown Speaker  52:45
so Again at.go

Matthias Miller  52:49
high level go i

Speaker 1  54:00
Okay, I would go into see numbers, yep,

Matthias Miller  54:14
settings for the First settings, yeah, first settings and then phone numbers. I fish.

Speaker 1  54:38
I think my computer just experienced her and actually redo something. So is it easy to tell me the process and I'll try and do it after

Matthias Miller  54:48
it comes back on, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  54:52
So just add that new number.

Matthias Miller  54:53
Well, you'll, you'll go into here. Let me. Let me jump into your can. Count here, I will send you a little screenshot here of what you need to click once you're in phone numbers,

Speaker 1  55:08
okay, and,

Matthias Miller  55:16
and, yeah, I'll just take a little screenshot, send it over to you and and I might just send it over by email. It might be the easiest. Yeah, yep, can do. Okay.

Speaker 1  55:31
I'll see if I can finish that process then. And then I should be foresee everything coming through on my phone that's right,

Matthias Miller  55:40
right, yeah, yeah, for sure, and then yeah, we'll be in touch to get that registration started so you can, you'll be able to use the texting. Okay, okay, awesome, awesome. All right. Well, appreciate it. And we may also do a follow up another follow up call just to or probably will do another follow up call just to walk you through the actual day to day of using the CRM make sure you're good to go. That'd be awesome. So, yeah, this is what we need to kick start the process. So we got things in motion.

Speaker 1  56:20
Awesome. Alrighty, thanks a lot. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  56:23
appreciate it. Yes, you're Welcome. All Right. You


Transcribed by https://otter.ai