Matthias Miller  00:32
Very Hey, you're gonna, you're gonna think I'm avoiding you or something. I'm so sorry.

Unknown Speaker  00:38
All right,

Matthias Miller  00:40
yeah, there's, I don't have anything to say. There's no excuse. It just I got second to call and lost track of time.

Unknown Speaker  00:49
So how you doing? Man?

Matthias Miller  00:52
Doing good. Yeah,

Speaker 1  00:55
my my son tells me that it's very, very, very, very, very, cold out there.

Matthias Miller  01:03
Yeah. So we had some negative degree weather. We had snow, then we had it melt, then we had a nice, you know, subsurface of ice and some snow on top of that. And supposed to warm up tomorrow, and then, and then freeze again. Yeah.

Speaker 1  01:22
Such that his life out there in the Rockies, yeah, are you? Are you in Perry's roundtable this year?

Matthias Miller  01:39
Yeah, I am.

Speaker 1  01:41
I'm gonna miss it next week, but hope you guys have a blast.

Matthias Miller  01:48
I'm gonna do virtual I'm planning to do everything show up at the other the two live events, but, yeah, we had schedule conflict way, way in advance of this so

Speaker 1  02:04
well I would I'm going to go back and just kind of remember what we talked about a couple of months ago. It seems it was a little while back with Christmas and sickness and whatever else was going on. I don't remember, but so I'm, I'm getting close to go time on wanting to do this Bitcoin first. It's not, I don't see it as this big, exotic thing. I see it more as a simple starting thing that may turn into something more, but initially, just wanting to get the proof of concept up running and have it be a benefit to people, as an add on in our membership, a plug in you've had, I don't know if you've had any thoughts since we first talked about it. Only No. You have any comments or any thoughts about what we what we discussed back in seems like a long time ago.

Matthias Miller  03:19
No, not really. I was pulling up the notes of kind of the back of the napkin thing that we put together.

Speaker 1  03:26
Basically what we just put there was the simplicity of taking revenue that comes into the business checking account and pulling out, as an example, 10% on every single 10 bucks or $1,000 or 10 whatever it is, it's 10% and then putting it up with something like river or whoever rivers. But it could be any bitcoin only exchange, and they set up a automated buy or very inexpensive, but the part that's what I'm envisioning is I don't want the business owner to have to go to river, set up their thing, do the I want to be able to have a 10% hooked up from this software to their bank account that's linked to river. And it does it, and then it secures it. We have a whether it's weekly or, I don't know, probably weekly, it gets pulled off the exchange and into a secured vault, you know, cold wallet and. Um, and it's done so that owner doesn't have to do stuff. We take the owner out of it, and it just happens. And he's going to pay, you know, $97 a month, because that's what it's going to get bundled into, um, that's what it's going to be bundled into a a bunch of other materials that you get every month. But if you say I don't want this software, I mean, or if you say I'm going to get out of the membership, we take away the software. So I want it to be a stick. I want to be very sticky. So I wanted to be something they like, and they want it to happen, and they don't want to leave the membership, because that software is, I'm hoping, the anchor. That's the crux of what I'm thinking. And so you seem to think, when we talked, not that big a deal. Put it together, what you, what I what you sent me something. I don't have it in front of me, but it was like, I can do this, this dollar amount. I can do this dollar amount. Ones, if I'm an have an ownership piece. Ones, if I'm just doing the work, and I can do this many hours a week, or this much for the month, whatever, do you think four hours? I mean, I don't know how much it take. I don't know anything? So I don't know what to ask, but it just seems like to me, when you're trying to get something started and up and going, it's going to take more than four hours.

Matthias Miller  06:51
Well, yeah, I mean, it depends. There's a range of roles. It depends whether I'm sitting here as product owner and overseeing the project technically, both from the technical and the user standpoint, or how deep in the weeds I end up getting that. Yeah, you're right. I mean, I think it probably is more than four hours To get started. I think I I

Matthias Miller  07:33
wonder if I

Matthias Miller  07:47
if you're getting close to moving forward, I wonder if the best next step would just be to

Matthias Miller  07:58
I've got a few software partners that I would develop, yeah, folks, I would look to partner with on this so that I'm not, I'm not looking to do the actual development on this. I don't think I I could be mistaken, but I don't think so, certainly not. If there'd be a way to do to to knock out the initial version and hand it off to somebody else. Maybe, I wonder if the next best step would be chasing down some ballpark of and maybe this is what you're after ballpark time for any cost investment to get. Get this off the ground right. Yep, like my head of boss, who would always, he would always ask, you know, is it a day a week, a month a year? And it's always like 1000, 10,000 100,000 million. I mean, we know it's possible. It's just price tag, right? So, I mean, if that's where we're at, assuming, assuming that you're ready to pull the trigger on it, and that's in but like, like, what is assuming, if it's in the budget and all that, what kind of timeframe would you be looking to start

Speaker 1  09:13
February? Okay, and, and I don't know what, what week in February, but there's some stuff happening at the last week, next week in January, and I'm going to be potentially depending on some things that happen between now and January 31 I'm going to be traveling and doing a couple things. But it doesn't matter, because I am not involved in this thing, so I don't, I can do all kinds of crud it. I just need to have, and I, I need to, I need to pick the right person that can do this. And then I need to pick, um. I want somebody that has some type of skin in the game, in it. So if it's if someone needs to deal with something, they haven't sent up to deal with it, you know, they have the right and so my son, who is a coder, he's very young, he's just, he literally just, did I tell you about his software coding thing he just started doing this year. He, he just started. He, he did a project for this company on Solana blockchain, and and he built out this. It's like a a really fast trading software platform using Solana. Turns out it's the fastest one in the world right now. And, and he's like, somebody's gonna figure out what we're doing, and they're gonna stop us. Like, why aren't people doing this? I don't wanna you know. And so he's like, um, and hit it went from just a project to, okay, I need to get some, I need to, I need to own 10% of this. And then after it got going, they're like, No, you need to own 30% of this because you're doing everything, and we're just watching right? And he's, he's doing really well, yeah, doing really well. And, and I'm excited for him, but I was, I was at, I was at lunch with him a week or so ago, and he goes, now, I was talking to him about this, and I was like, he's like, Whatever you do, whoever you hire, do this, make sure they have some type of skin in the game, because Nothing's worse than Having somebody that you're working with and they don't care, they just fix something and move on to the next thing, or whatever, and so, so that. And the other, the other piece of this that I I have in the back of my head is what about, like, the alternative to hiring you is hiring a Bitcoin developer person, like they already do Bitcoin coding, and they are in touch with whatever the safety, security things that you got to do to make sure, okay, you got this software, but because it's Bitcoin, it has to be like locked down before you put somebody's bank account. And so there's Bitcoin coders that do that all day long. And so that's my other question mark. I don't know if you know, I haven't had a conversation with those guys, so I don't know

Matthias Miller  13:06
well, and I think that might be, let's see. Let me see if I can find,

Matthias Miller  13:20
I mean, we can, I've been using Josh Thomas's. He's got his own proprietary way that he handles hires. Who is that? Sorry, Josh long, sorry, wrong, Josh. Josh long, okay, off of Upwork. And I'm not sure the Upwork is, is necessarily a perfect one, but I think we could fairly easily look, look at but I'm in the wrong account. I'm going to try to just pull some up quite well we're looking at it. But, yeah, there's definitely options for finding some good Bitcoin talent. And whether it's it's a consultant to you know, however it looks like, Whatever it looks like. And I think too, just knowing your goals a little bit if you're wanting to see it in the game, that I think, I think maybe having, I mean, we can orchestrate in such a way that I have some kind of break glass, access to whatever needs to happen in the event of a catastrophe, that we can move fairly rapidly. And have have enough knowledge of the system that we can move fairly rapidly. And just

Speaker 1  14:31
like, give me an example of what that means. Like, okay, I mean, here's

Matthias Miller  14:36
real life scenario here at the seminar, and this is awesome and great. You got 1000 people in the audience, and you're ready to go to lunch. And hey guys, you should scan this barcode, and the whole system comes crumbling down. And you're like, sorry, guys, hey, we're going to take a quick lunch break. You call me up on my cell phone. I'm I'm, some reason, sitting. Sitting on the beach in Delaware because I've got family there. And, okay, well, I won't have my laptop there. So this is that. That would be pretty difficult, but pick a phone call me. I'm like, Oh, got it. Okay. Well, I know. I mean, I can log into this server here, and that server here, and I've got, you know, secure access to all of this stuff, and I can short circuit the dev team. You know, if we have got happen to have devs in different time zones or anything like that. I can short circuit that, get a fix up, and then, you know, be in touch with them to for any kind of long term fixes, if that kind of, you know, and then you come back from lunch, you're like, All right, guys, good news. We're good to go scanning. Um, so that's, that's kind of what I mean for kind of this break glass type of

Speaker 1  15:45
so I agree with you that you need to have some version of that. And because I've never sold software, never been in the software world, that totally makes sense to me. Yeah. I

Matthias Miller  16:07
All right, well, let me do this. I will let me let you chase down. I've got a call this afternoon that this will tie into, and I've got some other, some of the avenues I want to pursue. And I will, I'll try to email you. I'll try to get to you email before the end of the end of the month, and we can then circle up beginning of February. Hopefully

Speaker 1  16:36
that sounds good. Okay,

Matthias Miller  16:41
awesome. I owe you probably a dozen coffee drinks. My bad timeliness. I honestly, I don't think it happens this often, but once again, I apologize.

Speaker 1  16:55
Not a problem we'll you know is if, as long as you are interested in the product, like I don't want to do the project, if you're not interested in doing it, but yeah, but if you're interested in doing it, let's talk. But if you're not interested, let's I can, I can go find somebody else. You know, I'm

Matthias Miller  17:16
interested. You got my interest? Yeah? Okay, yeah. All right, sounds good. All right, thanks. Good talking to you, yep, likewise, yeah.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai