Unknown Speaker  00:42
Hey, hey, hey, hey.

Matthias Miller  00:50
All right, so, I mean, I think it depends how much we want to try to salvage some of these old contacts.

Speaker 1  01:02
One thought, one to me, like no trouble at all to make another pass at it, like time, effort, energy, and they already recognize the number, so no reason not to give it one last shot before we leave off. Sure. And then we literally don't have to migrate them when just start the next new batch over in your account and and proceed, but with proceed with other people.

Matthias Miller  01:28
So my my thought was, if we migrate things over that, we export all of my numbers currently, keep my workflow in place, but not have it send anything, send all the numbers through a blank workflow, and that way prevent accidental re enrollments for any existing numbers.

Speaker 1  01:55
I'm sorry you lost me just the hair. Can you kind of repeat the steps?

Matthias Miller  01:58
Yeah, so blank out the workflow in our system, or maybe just have it assign a tag, or something like that, and then, and then export all the contacts from all of my contacts from Kirsten, import it into into the new one, run it against the blank workflow, which will flag all those contacts as having gone through the workflow. Then build out the SMS messages in the workflow. And by doing so, if we have a scraping, if we have other data sources or anything like that, and we want to try to rerun the same thing against those messages, we won't accidentally resend the same partnership thing over to them,

Speaker 1  02:57
because they'll never be allowed to re enter the workflow correct, so literally preventing them from accidentally re entering the workflow

Matthias Miller  03:07
Correct.

Speaker 1  03:13
Okay. And then, to be real clear, what's the point of having them in your sub account? If we're never going to text them, because they build a whole different workflow,

Matthias Miller  03:27
whole different campaign, yeah? Okay, that's fun.

Speaker 1  03:39
Cool. Yeah, I like that. I had actually thought, I think I lost my exact train of thought. But some few days ago, I was thinking, Oh, what was I thinking? I was thinking if we ever, oh, I know what it was. I was thinking if we ever wanted to go back to the same people with a completely different offer, like maybe the podcast, that we would actually want to talk to them from a different number so they wouldn't possibly, wouldn't guess we were the same people. Okay? I like this that, yep. I mean, we could both. We can tag them as importers,

Matthias Miller  04:19
right? All right, imported from Carsten. Are you there?

Unknown Speaker  04:28
Yeah, and you started to say, we could something,

Matthias Miller  04:32
yeah. I mean, I was just saying what you were already starting to say, okay, like, we can. We can just tag them on import if we want to send them a podcast offer.

Speaker 1  04:50
I like it, yep, yep, okay, I can take care of all that that is a. Perfectly doable. And then, okay, cool. I'm trying to think feels

Matthias Miller  05:10
like a huge weight off my shoulders, on messaging these folks.

Matthias Miller  05:21
Well, I mean just knowing

Speaker 1  05:26
exactly yeah and yep

Matthias Miller  05:33
as a side note, this is one of those things I probably have to tie myself, lock myself in a room to do, but I have been writing stories for my brother, and what he'll do is he'll run an ad in a print in the in the pcbe, and they'll have the first paragraph or some kind of hook about the story, and then say for The rest of the story, please. You know, reach out. We're doing one on where it's we're calling it internally the disaster series, which is this guy gets taken along a long, bumpy ride on software, and he gets industry software for a company that gets bought out. And then, you know how that goes with the new vendor. And then he has his nephew try to build software for him, and that's a fiasco. And finally, he finds this company who can actually help and the as a side note, the 500 pound gorilla in the industry started their employees have started signing up to our mailing list. They started showing up at some of the events that my brother's been promoting and other things. So we definitely got their attention, or he definitely got their attention. My brother will the response to these ads have been very surprisingly high, and

Matthias Miller  07:12
I feel Like story, realistic, emotional lessons, life and in story, that is a really powerful way to connect with people, and it makes me wonder why I'm not doing it for myself, besides the fact that, quite frankly, I procrastinate for forever to do it, and I think I'm pretty good at it, but I don't particularly enjoy doing it. But should we do something like that? Should I do something like that for myself? Yes,

Speaker 1  07:49
especially since in my world, in my crazy, little much too linear world, when you actually have proof that something works, I cannot imagine reasons not to run with it, given how hard it is to find things that work in the real world, right? This is the flip side of all that cynical stuff I was saying the other day about who's got time to split test the whole universe once you do find something that works, my goodness, please leverage it. So a couple quick thoughts. First question, I'm I'm simply curious, how much is it costing your brother to run these ads in the pcbe,

Matthias Miller  08:34
1800 a month?

Speaker 1  08:35
Oh, that is pretty high. Is that one ad? One

Matthias Miller  08:39
a single, full page ad. I think it's something like that, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  08:42
does it need to be full page?

Matthias Miller  08:48
It's helped, I think.

Speaker 1  08:51
But I don't know. I'm totally sure it does help, I guess. So, no one's tested a smaller ad. Is perhaps a better way to Well, I

Matthias Miller  08:58
mean, he started out. I've started I've tested smaller ads. I've been quarter page before, and they worked. Yeah, the lead, like a CEO, got hits. What

Unknown Speaker  09:08
does quarter page cost?

Matthias Miller  09:12
500 or something? I don't know what it is exactly.

Speaker 1  09:14
If you just said, like, you know, 1600 I would have said, Never mind. But okay, so

Matthias Miller  09:21
there might even be just a few 100, I don't know.

Speaker 1  09:25
Um, obviously, more, yeah, anyway, um, Okay, next question. So it just so happens that your brother, um, is already talking to people who are readers of the same publication, are any of those people, shed builders,

Matthias Miller  09:46
not that are reaching out to us, to him, and are they in that publication? Yeah. Are there some? Yes? Have I considered run. An ad about

Matthias Miller  10:08
how, how Kyle sold 1.2 million, 62% of which was generated by free leads for the story

Speaker 1  10:19
and for the rest of the story, what is it again, like send a self addressed stamped envelope?

Matthias Miller  10:26
Well, it's, it's, it's probably sent an email to because, you know, they got to have something give

Speaker 1  10:31
them or send an email to x or self address stamped envelope to PO Box. You know, that is awesome. Can you look I think you just solved your own problem. Because a minute ago, you said you're going to have to lock yourself in the room to do it, but you already did it. You have the Kyle story.

Matthias Miller  10:53
I do have to run it past the they're going to have to approve it, because when I did the one on Julia Ruth, they said, Oh, this sounds like, get rich quick. And I'm like,

Speaker 1  11:07
true, tone it down or make it sound a little more difficult than it is. Was,

Matthias Miller  11:14
maybe, I don't know. I mean, you could, you could say how Kyle rolled up his sleeves and put in the work and sold $1.2 million worth in sheds, 62% of which, which was generated by free leads

Speaker 1  11:38
and your brother doing that. That is not that is different, that is not triggering the unbelievable biz op,

Matthias Miller  11:45
get rich quick, because he's not talking about how much money you're going to make. It's

Unknown Speaker  11:49
just, it's just build the thing and get it done.

Matthias Miller  11:51
It's, well, I mean, it's, it's the it. I mean, it's all the intrigue of the story. And he's also kind of build out, I think he's also built up this reputation just a bit with his stories, but it's like, you know, Jeff went to this this he went to this trade show, and this guy sold him this menu maker, and this thing was really expensive, and he really wasn't sure what his accountant and his wife was gonna have to say about it, but for the rest of the story, you're gonna have to email us.

Speaker 1  12:31
I love it. Yeah, I would think that. Okay, placement suggestion, literally, just see, by which I mean ask questions. Can you buy a half page ad and request that it be at the top of the page, right? It'll save money and the opener, generally speaking, you'll get way more than 80% of the eyeballs, if it's at the top

Matthias Miller  13:06
right little side note, if they do find out that I have no longer been a night, I Probably have lost my advertising privileges. A

Speaker 1  13:21
couple questions about that. First of all, I didn't realize you actually, for some reason, I thought you were still attending, or whatever the right way is to say that. How would they check like somebody's going to rat you out? They're going to actually call your local former bishop or ask what thing you how's that work? I

Matthias Miller  13:40
think somebody rat me out. That's probably the best. I don't know how they would, I mean, because, because I've advertised in the past, I would think they would just mile and wave and be like, Oh, we haven't seen this guy in a while. But they may also, if they are trying to crack down, they may say, hey, look, we don't have your we never verified this. Are you?

Unknown Speaker  14:10
Can your brother put it for you? Is he still Mennonite?

Matthias Miller  14:13
Yeah, he is. But I'm sure it would have to be under his brand, right? Lots

Speaker 1  14:18
of companies have multiple phone numbers, multiple websites, multiple brand names, they I mean, if we're thinking like private investigator level, there's no hope. But that seems odd to me, that ad company would be going down that track unless they're on a witch hunt,

Matthias Miller  14:39
right? Yeah, I think, well, I mean, you know how I don't know you don't know it, just, it really, just, it's probably fine,

Speaker 1  14:52
it's worth a shot, right? Because otherwise you're like, the only reason not. To do it is so that you can do it someday in the future, if that makes sense. Yeah, the opportunity now. So I'm sorry, I'm certainly not trying to get you kicked to the curve, but like, the same thing's going to happen or more so. I mean, think about it. You wait 10 years in between then and now, some fiasco is going to happen where that does cause them to crack down, right? And then, then you'll really be, you know, up the creek without a paddle or whatever.

Matthias Miller  15:28
Well, that's, well, that's exactly right. And if I attend the shed Expo, or, you know, any, any way I get more visibility, it's going to be that guy. He's not whatever, more chance of getting routed out if it actually comes up. Yeah?

Speaker 1  15:47
I mean, you're not anti Mennonite and running around, you know?

Matthias Miller  15:58
Yeah, I uh, okay, but what percentage? Well, but no, okay, here's what it does. There's a very, very good chance of hitting most of the Amish shed builders. And I have no other way to reach him,

Speaker 1  16:21
yeah, and we've had this conversation before, and I've, I've always felt terribly interested in it. So give him the option to email, fax or paper mail, and let's just see where it gets us. Right quick. Side note, if you, if you do, oh, I'm not asking for this. I'm just speculating, if you save a little money and spread it out over time, so half page, quarter page, whatever, you actually can tease them further by running a little bit more apart to a second paragraph, second chapter, next month and next month, because the classic problem with newspaper ads is touch points like that. That's where the whole touch point thing originated. It was noticed that newspaper ads, this goes for postcards too, by the way, are quite often exorbitantly useless when it is one touch one card, one. But if you is this a Carson moment, I somehow managed to feed you something good.

Matthias Miller  17:26
Take the headline and black out different words each time and create a six month series where they have to piece together the pieces of the puzzle, and then the very end, you show them the full headline.

Speaker 1  17:45
That's very fun. But is that tremendously over complicating things? I don't know. Okay, well, it's worth a try. I like it assuming that a business guy has the time to actually do that for humor.

Matthias Miller  18:04
Well, as long as shed in the title, then maybe it's not.

Matthias Miller  18:16
I think, Okay, well, first of all, how many business guys you know, who are going to sit down with a 300 page magazine? Well, these guys, these guys do. So time is not the issue, okay? And maybe you don't black out different parts. Maybe it's just gradual, gradual, like, it's like a maybe, I'm getting too creative. Touch points. What you were saying?

Speaker 1  18:48
Try that for maybe save the the game of vacation, and for the second try at this, on the first try, I would just simply do classic soap opera series where you're feeding little bits in chapters. Everyone is a cliffhanger that makes you really interested to see what comes next. And every single one of them gives the opportunity to go ahead and write in for the full story right now. Okay, but you know, but if you're not going to write it, well, you may not want to say that. No, no, don't say it at all. Just every single one of them give a chance for them to write in email, paper, mail, whatever, and then, without saying it, simply run the continuation of the story in the next one. And I'm not suggesting you should go all the way to the end of the story, but just like, I don't know how creative gonna get, but break it into three parts or five parts or six parts, whatever, in order, just in order to have the cliffhanger soap opera effect, and in order to have multiple touch points,

Matthias Miller  19:59
and. You would do that for the same article, versus like what we've done with my brother, which has worked, has done a like we've shown, it's a series. So it's part one. It's like part one, like you would show part one, like, imagine bread crumbs, like on a website, and first one would be part one, ramen noodles and blowing sandwiches. And, you know, Kyle got hit really hard. Part 214, hour days and or glimmer of hope, he hears about this thing, and he decides he's going to give it a try. But you know, and then part three is he's doing the work, and he's working, working, working, and he's just not hitting it. Yet. He's like, he can't crack the code on people are messaging him, but they just disappear. And he has this epiphany, aha, like, the point is just get him on a call, like, and be fast and responsive, and get him on a call or book an appointment, and then, you know, suddenly things change, and he's now pushing, pushing, and he slammed and busy. And then the final thing is, like, ah, like the sigh of relief. Like, you know, he's spending time with his kids, his his wife is proud of him for everything that he did, and now he's got other people coming to him, asking him for advice when he's on top of the world, and then, oh, by the way, if you would like Kyle's exact system,

Speaker 1  21:50
or really, I love it, I want to ask you a question, but I love it, and I've done just enough copywriting VSL training to say that you need To add to that in the middle of what you just said, you need to inject what John Benson calls the nightmare story, where things go really bad, extra bad, more bad than the first bad and and then some things, some entity. I think most of the storyteller copywriters of the world call it a guide, shows up to point the way in the right direction. And then, basically, that's like you or somebody pointing in the direction of the right systems. And then, and then what you said makes really good sense. You get to the end, and, oh, by the way, if you want that same system that saved Cal from his nightmare, and all the other parts you said, still apply, but just just add this. Just another rock bottom, dark rock bottom. Yes, exactly. And I am told by professional story writers, copywriters of all kind, that the guide archetype element is super important. Supposedly, every good, best selling movie ever made, I'm talking about Hollywood, has that the guide is not the hero of the story. The guide helps the hero of the story, and it translates businesses very well, because you and I are not the hero of any shed builder story, they're the hero, but we're the guy that's going to help them, the hero, find the tool, the magic wand. Ha, ha, I'm being funny. That helps them get to where they the hero want to go. I'm told that that is the world's number one most essential and repeatable. Oh, what's the right word for formula is not quite its structure for story, for good storylines,

Matthias Miller  23:50
I have consistently had my characters show up at conferences to get their epiphany and breakthrough, or conversations with other people, where they kind of get this epiphany,

Unknown Speaker  24:01
yeah, exactly.

Matthias Miller  24:06
That was all unintentional. It'd also be interesting to play around with the orphan thing as well. Took over his dad's Oh, like, here's this good one, Holly, her, she they were real estate in 2008 things turned upside down. Decided to go into this business and and they started it together. And father passes away unexpectedly, and now he's left with this business, and he's walking through the grief of it and and it's and it's just hard, and then just when he thinks it can't get any worse, he does this deal with this marketing company that sucks him completely dry. And. Uh, and he's got a rogue employee, and he ends up with a lot of negative reviews on his on his Facebook, and he's not sure how he's going to turn No, he's selling for a dealer. I saw this. He's selling for a dealer, and the dealer starts, starts dropping the ball, and he ends up with a raft of angry customers who even one star reviews and can't do anything about it because the dealer doesn't like won't give him an ear. And so not only, I mean, it's he feels the the screws tighten, and he's like, he's between a rock and a hard place, like the dealer doesn't have his back. Nobody's got his back. And now he's, he's looking at pulling out a home equity line to just, just put food on the table. I don't know that

Speaker 1  26:01
really is an imer, by the way, that gives me bad Twitch Just hearing that

Matthias Miller  26:07
literally,

Speaker 1  26:10
yeah. Do you like it? I like the whole idea, everything we just talked about here for 20 minutes, or whatever spin

Matthias Miller  26:20
I do, I did. I think it's really good. I think it'd be really effective.

Speaker 1  26:22
Yeah, I got confused about your question of doing it one way versus your brother's way. I Oh, what

Matthias Miller  26:31
I meant was you were gonna have, like, three different ways of pitching the same article.

Speaker 1  26:36
No, sorry. I simply meant to, like, start the story of that. Fine, too, by the way, I don't know, but I meant like, just paragraph one, paragraph two, paragraph three, or chapter one, two and three, like, like, like, so that, you know, in February they open the cover, and here's the commencement of this thing, and it still has a CTA, yep. Like, if you want to hear the whole story, send me your email, whatever. Okay, and then suppose they don't send you, because that's the first touch point, classic newspaper style. So then in March, same fellow sits down on his rocking chair, opens pcbe From March, and here is simply the continuation of the story, not, not all of it, some of it. And he'll and, you know, if it's the right person, and if this is working, he's going to go, oh yeah. Oh, interesting. I remember this. This, this story about this guy named Kyle was blah blah blah last month. Here, look, here's the next part of the story. And so you're familiar with the whole soap opera sequence, cliffhanger thing, right? Like, for example, Russell brunson's. This is Russell Brunson favorite, email formula soap opera sequences, just like, it's the classic cliffhanger thing. It's what comic strips do from week to week. Yeah, nothing but an open loop cliffhanger that leaves you wanting to hear the continuation of the story. Exactly. Are you familiar with the famous, old, 1001 Arabian Nights? No, no, because you're because you grew up Mennonite Amish, to be exact. Okay, did you want to hear this, or am I like going off on a crazy trail?

Matthias Miller  28:30
Crazy trail. Okay,

Speaker 1  28:31
just stop. You don't like it. It's my understanding. This is one of the oldest, shall we call it, fairy tales, or something in existence. You've possibly heard of Disney's movie called Aladdin. This, the story of Aladdin comes from this. It's, I believe is a legitimate, like super old, ancient Arabian Persian tale. It's total mythology, fantastical, full of spirits and genies and all this other stuff. But the context of the story is written in is this lady. I'm gonna terribly oversimplify this and take the weirdness out on purpose, but this Persian Princess loses her husband, or husband to be who is supposed to be a prince, and basically the prince gets captured and brainwashed. And there's this deal where, because he's crazy, he's been brainwashed. He's crazy, he's going to basically kill any buddy who comes within his space, right? But she wants her husband back, or her fiance, however, it was so she purposely starts this very interesting story and does not finish the story, just hoping, taking the risk that he won't kill her. I. My pardon, but it's a fable. You know how this goes, that he won't kill her that night, and sure enough, it works like for the first time ever, and He's crazy. He's a mad man. He's out of his mind, but he was interested enough in the story that he started that he really wanted to hear her continuation of the story the next day. So he basically says to himself, I'll put it into her tomorrow. I want to hear part two. Well, she literally stretches this out for 1001 days, little bits of the story at a time. And by the time she's done, what she actually did in just for the sake of it, is she actually told back to him the story of how the two of them met, and by the time she was done, he the prince, remembered who she was, who he was, and so she sort of deprogrammed him through the storyline, so to speak. That's the official tale. But as far as I know, this is where the idea of cliffhangers and partial stories came from in Western culture. Got it, I hope drowning you in non Christian nonsense. I don't mind the very classic one, like, I don't know what else the classic Rip Van Winkle or Gulliver's Travels or something Johnny, obviously.

Matthias Miller  31:15
So, yeah, another interesting observation, as I think of this as an email autoresponder, but you have to ask each time to get the email autoresponder.

Unknown Speaker  31:28
And oh, you have to click for more, okay?

Matthias Miller  31:30
And if you So, the advantage is, is okay the first one, so you have five chances to hook them into the story, if they don't get sucked in until the third part of the story, and they're like, well, this third part, that's really interesting. I wish I knew that. And they jump smack dab in the middle of the story. Hopefully they're scratching their heads and they're being like, Wait, what did I miss in the first two parts? So it not only has a forward cliffhanger effect, it also has a one stem looking backwards as well.

Speaker 1  32:05
Which one I did? So like, did you? Did you miss part one click here to return to the beginning or something,

Matthias Miller  32:09
right, right? I mean, and it's obviously not a literal click, but you know, that's the idea,

Matthias Miller  32:19
not that dissimilar to what my series that I did on Facebook, I found that and people would find like part four, and they'd be like, Why would and then they go hunt down parts one to Three. So anyway, cool.

Matthias Miller  32:40
Well, and I think then that, putting that, if it works as an ad, then it'll work as a postcard with a QR code, with with a with an auto generated link trigger that sends me a text when they scan it, or something like that. You know,

Matthias Miller  33:12
they lose you. Oh,

Speaker 1  33:14
I'm still here. Sorry, I was waiting for you to get to the well, I mean,

Matthias Miller  33:17
all I'm really saying is this translates to postcards. So if this works in this audience, you send a postcard with the ad on it. And in fact, that's a good idea for my brother, to take these exact same ads and do a postcard drop.

Speaker 1  33:34
Man. I mean, talk, talk about looking for something novel that actually works while split testing the universe. I mean, you do it, you just dreamed up a system that, seriously, I've not heard any other marketers come up with. I mean, not, not, not one to one. You do it and have your brother test it, and maybe you've invented something new. Quick side note that the QR code part, I guess will not work for the Amish men,

Matthias Miller  34:03
but a lot of them, surprisingly, have. I mean, I won't put a QR code in the magazine, but there's a lot of them, most of them in Pennsylvania and cell phones. I

Speaker 1  34:24
I like it. I'm pretty big. So I've mentioned a few times that over the last two, three or more years that I have tried, and I'm sure I didn't do a good enough job, and I can critique it till the cows come home, but I have tried a pretty big handful of client acquisition, systems, training, coaching, memberships, one of the things I've always loved, like I've mentioned this before, while while wandering through the wilderness of marketers and marketing gurus. Is I really love it, and then I hear the same thing from multiple people, like, if Perry says it and Ryan Levesque says it, and Russell Brunson says it, and somebody else says it, and then people who don't know Perry and Russell say it too. It just gives me the feeling that it really probably works if that many people say it. And so I have had quite a number of people who are not just echo chambers repeating each other, say that what really works for them. We're talking b to b. Client acquisition is multi channel, multi touch, and a lot of them specifically include lumpy mail as one of the touches. One. So I just love the idea of doing the whole pcbe. I'm going to call it a newspaper ad and the postcard and the SMS. I hope that at some point, when some money rolls in, we can also start up a small Facebook retargeting campaign. I know a handful of people who teach a fairly simple, fairly low budget system that's like top middle and bottom of funnel. I think it works quite well. Obviously, it needs, I don't know, 500 to 1000 a month in ad spend. So it's not, you know, not dirt cheap, um, but it would be awesome if we get to where we have, um, a flywheel going, so to speak, with with multiple touch points, dragging people, keeping them interested, bringing them closer to the center, as Perry calls it Mays, yep, I like it a lot. Um, so then, so then, as far as the postcard comment, we could send that to the exact same people that we are currently, uh, sending SMS messages to

Matthias Miller  37:03
Right exactly.

Unknown Speaker  37:08
I love it. And

Matthias Miller  37:10
you could do a you could do if you space and paste space out with postcards every two weeks. You could wait until they opt in. As soon as they opt in, take them off the postcard list.

Speaker 1  37:30
Thank you. Notes, yeah, yeah. I love it. The Didn't we talk in late December about, yeah, we did. I was talking about how there's some lawyers in Perry's world

Matthias Miller  37:44
rich chickens or that,

Speaker 1  37:46
yeah, and how they and Perry said, like there is no anti spam laws when it comes to new to paper mail. So start a newsletter and just start sending it to people having the cliffhanger storyline, soap opera sequence would go really awesome in a newsletter. I don't think a newsletter has to be fancy. I mean, you can do a single piece of paper folded in half, so that it has a cover, a back and an inside, like a one internal page inside, maybe not. I'm just throwing out ideas. I There is something I like about that newsletter thing, how much energy and time it takes to run it. I have no idea.

Matthias Miller  38:30
Okay, my my only hesitation, quite literally, is, what do I put in it? And I know that's the dumbest thing in the world, because I should know this like the back of my hand, like what is the again, it's a story series. So we have this guy, you know, this is just like, what I just described to you is the Facebook series. Then there's the series of the guy who goes into paid advertising, and then he starts, he cracks, this is the code on being able to reach people, and he has a system for doing that. And then he has a system for closing sales. And then you sell that, and then you have, like, literally, if we have, I've got, like, what, five systems. And if you have five articles for each one, and you send them bi weekly. You have a one year drip campaign going out to be a one year newsletter going out to

Speaker 1  39:28
people. I love it and and it will be very you know, when somebody looks at a at a publication, they are expecting there to be a little bit of variety, a letter from the editor, the main article, an ad from somebody we I think we totally have enough parts to I want to run the comic strip for your newspaper, by the way. Speaking of, oh, wait, that just reminds me, didn't I send you that thing about chickens? Um, yes, I absolutely did. Where is that? About a month ago, my wife found it was attached to some product or something. I think it's in signal I'm looking right now. Where is this? She bought some product that came in, like a bag or something, and attached to it was this tiny, I mean, like, three inch tall. Thing about chicken, it wasn't really chickens, it was eggs or some derived product. I could make more sense out of this, if I could find this thing real fast. And it was like a micro newsletter, like it had a little article. It was all for humor, but it was actually very engaging. Um, is there a way to find media files quickly enchanting?

Matthias Miller  40:51
Oh, chanting, I don't know. I'm sure not seeing it in, uh,

Speaker 1  40:56
almost certain that I my wife, found it around the time that we talked about rich Jacobs, like a week later, and I sent it to you, literally, to show how easy it would be to make a micro newspaper out of you know, what is basically sheer nonsense, but it's still kind of engaging.

Matthias Miller  41:17
I don't remember seeing it.

Speaker 1  41:20
If you can bear with me, I am absolutely going to find this because it is totally applicable to what we're talking about January. Does chanty have dates 16th of January would have been before that.

Matthias Miller  41:40
Homes triangle the before after Zion, all

Speaker 1  41:57
the way back to the 18th. Yeah. Generals, triangle. Brian Shaw, I don't think it was the beginning of December. It was later. Let me um, do you and I talk anywhere other than chanting and slack

Matthias Miller  42:20
chanting, signal lead,

Unknown Speaker  42:22
I'm sorry, and signal is what I meant.

Matthias Miller  42:26
I mess. We don't do messenger, but that would be the only other thing I would think of.

Speaker 1  42:38
Okay, you know what? I found it either way. So here, let me copy this to chanty. The vital times that this to me, this is hilarious, and I think it would really crack up your um Amish and Mennonite folks here, I'm pasting it into chanty right now.

Unknown Speaker  43:01
Oh, please paste. It does not paste. How do I send this to you? Thanks. I'm just gonna pop it in the signal. Good, good point.

Speaker 1  43:17
I can choose, oh, I can choose both. Oops, two pages, come on now. Two pages send a signal,

Matthias Miller  43:28
send

Unknown Speaker  43:31
to Matthias

Matthias Miller  43:33
and go uploading

Speaker 1  43:38
two of two. So this item you're looking at, literally, is paper, and it's about three inches tall, but, like, you could totally do this on a full size sheet of paper. Does that work? Yeah, can't

Speaker 1  43:56
even remember what they were selling. Probably eggs, vital farms. It's a ranch trying to sell it. They're trying to sell eggs, pasture raised eggs. Hilarious.

Speaker 1  44:17
I mean, it's just the story, and you can totally write a story with chat, G, P, T, but then, like, they have, they also throw the the obligatory comic in there and a CTA and follow us on social media. And our mission, like, like, just think of the little bricks all in paper needs is a couple little bricks. And voila, you got yourself a newsletter. And so one of your bricks is a, is a is a request to, you know, looking for people to join your podcast.

Matthias Miller  44:49
Yeah, yep. Do.

Speaker 1  45:00
A and an hour mission, brick, sure, why not? And a testimonial. You get one testimonial on each one little bit of social proof. Before long, if it takes on a life of its own, which it should, you should literally be able to get, like, actual comments or little bits of storyline from people in the industry who got something to say, Yep, and I am not at all talking about trying to turn this into a media publication, but just literally keep it interesting.

Matthias Miller  45:39
Well, I mean, I don't think it's it would be hard to make it interesting or relevant. I may be a little jaded about chat, GPT generated content. I mean, again, the I don't know how to write compelling like what I'm describing. I don't know how to write that as a compelling storyline through chat. GPT, sure, but that's still just maybe, maybe an hour or two every month to write. I forget how I think I can usually crank out one stories are more and more take more effort for me, but I think probably what I would do is try to do one, you know, block out of day for each system or something,

Speaker 1  46:38
I agree. And then once you have it. You cut it into five chunks. I got three out of your five systems, by the way. Got the Facebook series, the paid ads series, the closing sales series, what was the other two?

Matthias Miller  46:52
It's all in the

Matthias Miller  46:59
it's all in the what you need to do to grow leads wisely. Never lose, never lose a lead. Get leads to talk to you, efficient calls that convert, replace yourself. X ray vision into your sales team. You

Unknown Speaker  47:26
What was the one before replace yourself?

Matthias Miller  47:30
Efficient calls that close or that convert not, okay. I

Speaker 1  47:47
I love it. I'm going to make a quick note here, talking about one pcbe ads in particular, a so opera, series, story in multiple installments, install events.

Speaker 1  48:21
Two was postcards. Same vein. Three was email series. Four was a newsletter. I

Matthias Miller  48:46
inside note, once you get through a series, you could then you have a little booklet.

Speaker 1  48:57
And bi weekly and five installments, is a year's worth of content. And then can you please repeat whatever you just said?

Matthias Miller  49:10
Well, I mean, if we keep the characters consistent, a booklet,

Speaker 1  49:15
in the end, you have a booklet. If you keep

Matthias Miller  49:19
characters or you actually have a book. You have a you have a you have a book on your system. At the end of a year,

Speaker 1  49:31
in the change that at the end of a year, you have a book on your system. I love it. Then you have lumpy mail, because you can send them a book, Yep, yeah. I was working with another planet, Perry guy, off and on for years. You probably know him, Scott Dennison. You run into him before,

Matthias Miller  49:57
yeah, he did a he wrote maybe 20. Work

Speaker 1  50:01
roofer and stuff. I actually worked for him for a while, and then we, like, you know, talked about 100 other things he pointed out. So he's very similar to me, like he has always wanted to just run Google ads for roofers, and can't make it work and can't get a good stream of clients, but he tried the book and all in order to do that, and at one point, while sweating bullets and crying a river of tears over that problem, and he's a much better student of Perry and all than myself, but somebody, I think it was Dean Jackson, one of those OG kind of people told him, So, how much you paying for clicks to get in front of a roofer? And he was like, Oh, I don't know, you know, 50 bucks, 90 bucks, whatever. And I think it was Dean Jackson, somebody like that, told him, and how much does it cost you to put a book in the mail and like, it was kind of a shock of lightning that it was literally cheaper to email a book to a targeted prospect than to run Google ads. Yeah, and so same logistics would absolutely apply to us if we get this and get a book, and book helps feed the podcast and vice versa and all that. Yeah, we need do you remember Perry's maze 2.0 with the whole point being multiple points in multiple channels? Remember all that? Yep, um, all this feeds into that very well. And if it can run simultaneously, I think it'll do us a world of good, right? I know it's a lot of definitely a lot of

Matthias Miller  51:40
work to get there, but it's not to 12,000 being omnipresent for 12,000 people is not,

Unknown Speaker  51:47
yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  51:52
It's not, it's not crazy. I

Speaker 1  52:03
cool. Well, I'm trying to think if there was some other question I was gonna ask you today.

Speaker 1  52:19
Funny side note, so back in my IT career days, there was this website. There was this whole stack of websites. You got to be familiar with. Some of them, source, forge, yep. There was a, I think a company owned a bunch of them, slash.if you ever heard of slash dot, yep. Okay. Did Stack Overflow come from those? I left off.

Matthias Miller  52:44
Stack Overflow came from Joel Spolsky, Joel and software in New York City, frog Creek software. I don't know what it was.

Unknown Speaker  52:55
Okay. So I

Speaker 1  53:19
I can't really remember, but like at the time administrator, but there was a handful of these. One of them, it was for system administrators. It was very news for useful, informational things. From time to time, I'm almost completely losing the context on that. It might have been related to the O'Reilly books company. Can't quite recall. But anyway, they had pretty I

Speaker 1  54:03
a relatively interesting they started this series. They sure it was fictionalized, but it was this big tail I've but it was walking through downright addictive. They strung it out for weeks or months. I used to go back to the site, literally just to check and see if they had another installment of it. It was exactly that soap opera cliffhanger, open loop thing, you know, obviously good writing is good writing. The storyline eventually got a little dramatized, like, you know, fighting off the hackers and, you know, kind of stuff. And I don't know what the shed guys equivalent of that is, but I'm just trying to say, like, I can, I can tell you, from the reader's perspective, that if the story is intriguing enough, and you do it in that installment soap opera style, it is literally addictive.

Matthias Miller  54:52
Yeah. So, yeah, all right. Well. Well,

Speaker 1  55:05
are you recording you have, yeah, oh, that, that outline you gave of how to put the pieces together in the storyline be worth going back to the recording and noting that down.

Matthias Miller  55:16
Yep, yep.

Speaker 1  55:19
Okay, cool. I feel like I've been keeping you up late at night a lot lately. It didn't mean to drag you into my crazy night owl schedule.

Matthias Miller  55:28
Well, I need to drop any anything else, I guess one last, one last question. Are you thinking doing one last blast to some folks do the folks who haven't replied in persons thing?

Matthias Miller  55:52
I'm losing it.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai