Speaker 1  00:00
Today's the second day. So kind of cold and stuck in the house,

Matthias Miller  00:08
Captain fever, much,

Speaker 1  00:11
yeah, a little bit. It's like, yesterday was pretty nice, you know, like, just kind of chill out, watch Netflix, be some chili today. It's like, okay,

Matthias Miller  00:25
yeah, I get it good, yeah, I wanted to touch base, I guess. I guess, first of all, curious, if you had any more thoughts since, since our conversation,

Speaker 1  00:41
I No, I mean not, not really, not really, much of anything different than what count we talked about.

Matthias Miller  00:49
Okay, so I'm really kind of, I can just kind of lay out where things are at. I'm honestly, I wish I would have a, okay, this is clearly the best way. I think, I think you have two good ways you can go and so, and each ad has their pros and cons. Happy to talk it through. This might just be a What's your gut instinct say? Is there one of them that you feel drawn to my marketing partner. So, I mean, so the two avenues are, are Google and Facebook. On the Google side, my I talked to, I talked to Susan, my marketing partner. So almost across the board, he says, across many different industries and locations, and not just here people. People say that leads coming on Google are generally higher quality and higher in tech and but the one, the one concern he did have about Google is? He says he's not completely sure. But if we start running traffic and people aren't filling out the form, we might have to take a look at making some website upgrades. And there he we we priced it out, we'd be able to do it for 1500 and we'd basically try to do a pretty much a website refresh. Now, I know you got other stuff in the works with E comm and other stuff like that, so I don't know how that fits in, but I did at least want to put it on your radar so that I'd rather talk about it now than start the conversation a month or two from here.

Unknown Speaker  02:49
Yeah. Then

Matthias Miller  02:51
the other side is Facebook. Good news about Facebook is that we did some research. We found six different proven, proven ads that are working for metal structures right now, and it gives us a solid starting point. The downside is that there's potential that potentially lower quality leads. Again, upside other people are are using it to generate leads. We didn't do specific, specific research on the Google side, although we we typically do before we do any campaigns. Do the same thing there, take a look at what's working and use that as a starting point. Um, pricings identical. And I mean, realistically, if, if, if one of them, if we came back with one of them, like, clearly you, you really should go this, oh, sorry, yeah, really should go this route, then, you know, I encourage you to go that direction. One thing I will add is that, if we do Facebook, and I'm I'm happy to bundle this in, but if we do Facebook, we would look to get you set up on a CRM so that you can manage those leads, just just because of how important it is to stay on top of, especially those types of, those types of leads, and the way it sounds your sales guys hungry enough that and bought in enough that getting him to get him to work, that doesn't, it doesn't sound like that's didn't sound to me, like it's a barrier, but, yeah, still want to mention that.

Speaker 1  04:49
Okay, all right, um, yeah, so um, I, I. Yeah, actually, there's a guy that he's kind of like an independent metal structure. He actually he's an older guy, or kind of near Athens. And he does, he actually manufactures his own so he has a manufacturing facility, delivers and installs and everything. And I've noticed in the last two or three months, he's been running some some Facebook ads, advertising a little structures, and it's actually popped up in my feed probably three or four times. And he's actually got, kind of like, a little video clip of the guy that works for him that kind of fabricates the buildings out there, kind of like running the saw under a shed, and, you know, kind of talking a little bit, you know, and that kind of stuff. And I was like, that's a pretty good looking Facebook ads, you know, I was like, that probably gets like, a lot of a lot of people's attention. And, you know, I've run, I keep Facebook ads running. I don't spend a ton of money on them. I have kind of a lower set budget. And I have those, and I do get, like, these little messenger dings, you know, people clicking on them. But mostly what I've noticed is when, well, here's one thing that's super aggravating to me on on those, is you put, you put an ad out, and, you know, I've had several different versions that have been running, and they see a picture of a building that I put on the ad, and they'll message me, and they'll be like, how much is that one? Like, what's the dimensions? What's blah, blah, blah. Well, when they message me, I can't see what they're messaging me off of, so I have no idea, like, which building they're talking about, which picture they're looking at, which ad they saw, that kind of stuff. And so I always have to come back and ask a question, like, which building are you looking at? Like, I can't see what you're seeing. And a lot of times it's just like, those don't tend to go anywhere, you know, kind of thing. So that's what I don't want to do, is I don't want to spend $1,500 and get a bunch of Bogues, you know, like, you know, wasting your time asking questions for no reason. But I mean, the thing you know, metal structures, there's, there's a lot of people that have a need for it. There are people buying them all the time. It's very competitive. And there's somebody, it seems like, on every corner selling them. And then you get all these, like, online people that are just online sellers that don't even have, like, a brick and mortar location, you know, that people just Google search, and it comes up, and they go on there, and, you know, play with their configuration thing or whatever, and end up ordering something. And that's kind of what the new the Econ website I've got being built, that's kind of what it's tapered around, is having more of a, kind of, like an autumn mated online metal structure sales. You know, website where people Google, they go on there, they put in what they want, and they can just buy it, right there, kind of thing,

Unknown Speaker  09:00
I don't know.

Matthias Miller  09:02
So let me, let me talk about, how about the the messaging and ghosting, the way we would have it set up is not the click to message, because you'll see people clicking that and, oh, accidentally clicked. It didn't mean to hit that. There's nothing, you know, whatever.

Speaker 1  09:21
Yeah, I've had a lot of that too. Like, I didn't mean to sorry I was an accident, yeah?

Matthias Miller  09:27
But what we do is we take them through a little form and ask them, so they'll, you know, they'll fill out the forms and ask them, you know, what kind of structure they're looking at, potentially things like time frame, maybe some open ended comments from them to put in, and then we'll get their contact info and basically what will happen. I mean, the goal is you want just enough of a barrier that, hey, if somebody's browsing late at night and they're watching cat. Videos and checking out middle structures. I don't want to fill that out and then move on. But if they're actually serious about, oh yeah, that looks really interesting, I want to know about it. You know, it's just enough to weed out the other people, but not so much to discourage, you know, the people who are really are interested. And then the other thing I would say too, with that is that response time really is, is key here. And we could set up some, should be able to set up some, some automation to make sure that that you guys get notified right away about the lead, and, you know, trying to reach out to those leads as fast as possible really does make a difference in in how well they close. And it it's it's less of a deal with the lead forms, but even on the Facebook Messenger for the folks, for folks in the industry, whether it's Facebook marketplace or other uses of messenger, what's worked fairly well has been somebody reaches on Messenger try to set an appointment, either in person or get them on the phone as soon as you can. And if they're not willing to do that, they're not, you know, they're not gonna buy

Speaker 1  11:20
right? Yeah, okay, all right. So pretty much summary, we're looking at pretty much $1,500 either way to kind of get started and see what happens. And I'm either go on Google route or Facebook route. That's right, okay, all right, um, if we, if we did the Google Where would people? What would they what would they see that? I mean, would that be something that pops up as an ad or, and where would they see it? Or,

Matthias Miller  12:10
yeah, the way that would work when they go search, yeah, if they search like, if they're searching for, like, an RV, what you call RV shed, RV grudge. Then, you know, they we pop something up for that, or they literally search for metal structures, pop up for that. And we, we'd, uh, obviously target in your geographic area, so only people in your service area would would see them. And then, yeah, they'd see the ad, and we'd take them through to the website and try to try to get them to, you know, we're looking to get them to fill out some kind of form asking for more information. Yeah. So, and that just, yeah. I mean, the reason why you get higher quality traffic is if somebody's sitting down in front of their computer, they're pulling up Google and they're saying, I want a metal structure. There's a lot of intentionality that's happening with that. Now, Facebook obviously keeps its eyes and ears open. And if somebody visits one one page that or it sees, see somebody's interested in metal structures in some way, it big brothers watching. So it does its best to to identify those people.

Speaker 1  13:38
Yeah, all right, as far as website, so I had this guy that I kind of sort of knew he actually worked in politics. He was like a lobbyist kind of guy or something, and back, like during pre COVID stuff, somehow he got laid off from his job or whatever, and so he built websites on the side. So I reached out to him, got him to build me a website. He did it for like, a really good price. It was kind of him helping me, me helping him get a little money kind of thing. So he built the website that I had, which was Georgia Outdoor products.com, and so he had a, you know, all the plugins and all the different things that had to be updated every so often. And so he sent me information, like, on how I could update stuff, like, as far as my because I like to keep like inventory showing like what was currently available all the time. And that, of course, changes daily with what sells and what. Comes in and that kind of stuff. So he'd given me the ability to be able to update inventory pages, you know, as often as I needed to. And so when all the COVID stuff started happening, and everybody kind of was, like, locked in and shut down and all that kind of stuff, I think he had taken a new job or something. And long story short, I wasn't able to get him to keep the plugins updated and keep stuff like software or whatever was running the website basically updated like it needed to be. And so it started getting kind of wonky. And then the other thing that happened is, during COVID, everybody's prices pretty much went up about 60% on anything that they sold. And it didn't matter if it was clothes or shoes or buildings or whatever it's like, everybody's prices went sky high. And so all of our building prices changed, and they were changing fairly rapidly, because every time it got to the point that my manufacturers wouldn't even print price sheets anymore for us, like brochures, because they were like every time we spend the money to print them, then we get notification that the price of materials going up again. We got to go up again. We're wasting money print these things. We're just not even printing sheet and we're How are we supposed to sell stuff in there, like price sheets and brochures? It was like, super crazy. So I ended up like, my website got so off kilter, like prices were all wrong. Everything changed. Plugins weren't working all that kind of stuff. So I had this dude that kept calling me all the time, and he would leave these automated voicemails on my phone that he builds websites. So after like him calling me 100 times one day, I was like, I'm just gonna call this guy. I'm just gonna see if I can get him to make me a new website. So I called and left the message, and some totally different person calls me back, and so end up talking to them, going through like what I wanted was very specific in the details, and I gave them access to my old website to kind of see how everything was set up with the different pages and stuff. And it was pretty much a nightmare. They just went in and pulled up a bunch of like, generic stuff that they were pulling off of websites that didn't even, like really pertain to my business. They had pictures of buildings that, like, weren't even my pictures. And I was like, this is a problem. I was like, somebody sees that picture on my website, and they're like, Okay, I want that building right there. And I'm like, I'm sorry, we don't make anything like that. I said, that's like, false advertising. And so I had sent them, like, pictures of my buildings, there was pictures on my website, all that kind of stuff, you know. And I was like, all you have to do is use the pictures I gave you. And so, long story short, I went back and forth. Finally, the person I was dealing with either last got fired or just didn't want to deal with me anymore, and so they swapped it to a different person, all this kind of stuff. And so they finally called themselves finishing it. It never did turn out to be the way that I wanted it to be. And it was, it was called, like, simple, simple biz or simple something. So it ended up not even being like an individual person, like the guy that had been calling me, like I thought it was, and so long story short, like I didn't even feel like the website was doing me probably a bit of good. So I just, like, kind of quit paying for it and for, like, the monthly hosting or whatever. So now they've been sending me text messages, like, Would you like to get your website back up? Would you like to, you know, we were, we'd like to get you back going, whatever. So my old website, I guess it's still just hanging out there, like with all that old stuff and then the new one. I guess it's not even up right now, so neither one of them are basically any good for anything. So, and I know that's probably not great for business, but is the whole thing just been super frustrating. So,

Matthias Miller  19:52
yeah, it makes sense.

Speaker 1  19:58
Google Route and. Y'all like, tried to update my to be honest, I feel like I like my old website better than the new one that they tried to that they built for me. Yeah, but I just know that things were so out of date and so far, prices and everything on there was so wrong and everything was so wonky, like, I don't even know, I don't even know what it would take to get it, like, fixed bag,

Matthias Miller  20:28
right? Yeah. I mean, I don't think I noticed this first time I was on your website, but some of the pricing pages are missing, even missing pricing and stuff like that. I mean, yeah, yeah, if we have old pricing on the website, I'm pretty skittish about driving too much traffic to it. Yeah, Google. I I guess,

Matthias Miller  21:05
depends a little bit how far out of date it is. But,

Speaker 1  21:16
yeah, from good, it hasn't been, it hasn't been touched since, probably, like, since like, 2020,

Matthias Miller  21:24
okay, well, that's, yeah, so, I mean, so we would need to, we'd actually probably need to redo the website before We could even really run Google ads. I would, I would think, I mean, I kind of wonder,

Matthias Miller  21:57
yeah,

Matthias Miller  22:09
I mean, just off the cuff kind of makes me wonder if Facebook's not, you know. Well, yeah. I mean, here's here options. Well, that's

Speaker 1  22:20
what my Go ahead, my first, my first thought, because of the website situation, was, well, maybe Facebook's better. But then the other part of that is I would want, obviously, like the biggest bang for buck, for the buck, to get the biggest like actual leads to actual sales, you know, actually producing money. And so it kind of sort of sounds like Google is more of a legitimate customer, you know, actually looking for that product. But, yeah, well,

Matthias Miller  23:07
and I would just say, go ahead,

Speaker 1  23:12
I can, I mean, I can reach back out to to the people that made the new website, you know, and I can get the automatic monthly payments going again, and, you know, get that back up and running. I just feel like it's very, I feel like it was very generic,

Matthias Miller  23:38
well, so you like the you basically like the current website. It just, it's, it's really out of date, is that, right?

Speaker 1  23:46
I like, Yeah, I like my old one, the Georgia Outdoor products.com um, I actually like the way that it, it was set up. Basically we had a bunch of different pages, and because of all the different products that I had, we basically had it set up where each product had its own page, kind of so like, we had a page for portable buildings, we had a page for metal structures, we had a page for greenhouses, we had a page for dog kennels, and then we had a whole different page that was just like, Did I have two different locations? And so we have one page that was like, current lot inventory for good hope, and then one was current lot inventory for winder. And so I felt like it was just easier to I felt like it was more defined. I felt like, you know, they could click on it had, like, the little dirty tab, drop down menu at the top, where they could click on Products, and then they could just go down and whatever they were looking for. You know, if it was a metal structure, they just clicked, no metal structure. It took them straight to that page. I just felt like it was, like, easier to navigate and stuff. And I mean, we actually had, like. Uh, very clear and concise, like, pictures of the specific buildings with specific prices for that building. What we had in inventory, like, currently, you know, where people were like, oh, that's exactly what I'm looking for. If I go there today, I can buy that specific building. That's exactly what I mean. Whereas, like the new website, it just was like, well, here's some pictures of some buildings, you know, it didn't really have any specific, like description or prices or anything on it. And so it was just kind of, I didn't feel like it was very customer friendly, you know, I guess,

Matthias Miller  25:41
yeah, I think you could actually, with your current website, some of the biggest things I think would be, I don't know if you've got any, like, picturesque photos of some of the stuff that's been done. I think that would be wonderful to add. And I'm actually not sure that you have to have pricing online.

Speaker 1  26:08
We've, yeah, I guess. I guess, in one way which our prices have been pretty after all the COVID Crazy stuff, prices kind of just stayed and settled. And they, other than having a sale or something, they pretty much stayed the same. I mean, I kind of sort of like having prices, just so I like transparency. And if I'm looking for something, it's nice to me to be able to go online and look at it and be like, oh, yeah, I really need that. But can I afford it? Is that something in my budget, you know? And you don't go bother somebody about it until you like, you know, know if it's even within your range or something. So I kind of like having the prices on there, like, from that perspective. But I know it's probably a little more simple not to have the prices. And I know some some businesses purposely don't put prices because they want the people to have to call them. But to me, that's a little bit more of a time waster, you know, because you can call them and get them on the phone all day long and try to convert them into a cell but if it's something they can't afford, you can't do anything with it anyway,

Matthias Miller  27:30
right? Yeah. I mean, I think my biggest question I have is, when I'm on the website, there's really no reason. As a buyer, you end up feeling like, Okay, I gotta figure out. I gotta, I gotta sort through all the options. I gotta figure out what it is I want, figure out the pricing, figure out, and then basically, I'm just placing the order with you guys and and I guess, as a from the marketing side, it is nice. I mean, I get it. You don't want tire time wasters. But I think at this point, people, people may be willing to pay a premium if they actually have a conversation, or may just straight up, be willing to pay whatever it takes, they actually have a conversation with a human on the other end. And and you have some trust building. I mean, you personally don't have any problem making friends with people when they call. And so I guess my biggest concern is that you, you actually have people who would buy from you, but they're going to disqualify themselves because of because it just looks like it's a it's a price transaction, $1 transaction, and they never actually have a have a chance to get to know you as a person,

Speaker 1  28:56
right? Yeah, and I have had good results when, you know, having fun conversations with people because they're like, oh, you know, you're very honest, like, you're very approachable, you know, yeah, I want to do business with you like other people I talk to you like they didn't give me the time of day, you know, that kind of stuff. And so, from that perspective, I've always had good sales results from phone conversations, but, you know, I just know that it was a $10,000 building, and somebody's looking for a $2,000 building, you know, you're never Going to get that sale right.

Matthias Miller  29:40
That's that's fair. And so having a, I mean, I think it's, it's, it's, that's pretty it's different to say, look, here's bottom price. Like, we can't get you anything. Or for this type of building. We can't get you like here on the metal structures. Garages start as low as five and three quarter per square foot. Having some kind of base like that makes sense. It may kind of be a happy medium, but a haven't, having full, detailed pricing, and especially when it comes down to, well, this style, this add on, this, this extra garage, or this, all of that stuff that's a that's a lot for somebody to process on their first Visit.

Unknown Speaker  30:41
Right?

Matthias Miller  31:01
All right, so I guess here's our options. I guess what would your thoughts be on? Okay, on the website, there's, there's going to be some heavy lifting we need from you, like and probably actually need some of this on Facebook as well. But if you got a library of pictures and other stuff like that, but as an initial course of action to gut the kind of gut the website, get the get the minimum pricing in, and then put we would sprinkle lead quote requests throughout, say, hey, request a quote and and people could fill out, you know, quote requests for different different items, and use that as The round one. We could then start running Google ads. And it might be that, once we get in that there's other things that we need to do. And, you know, I don't know exactly what all that would be, but, you know, pretty pictures and other things like that to really capture people's attention.

Speaker 1  32:30
Okay? And I guess as far as you're all doing stuff on the website, I would just need to go back and look up my administrative, I guess, the logins and that type stuff, free Access. That's right. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  33:01
And do you have, I mean, if we, if we went with, like, say, the Google route. I mean, do y'all have any type of projection of first month, actual cell conversions or anything like that.

Matthias Miller  33:24
Let me see if I what radius, what mile radius would you be looking to advertise?

Speaker 1  33:36
So for it's a little bit different depending on the product. So for our metal structures, we usually do a 50 mile radius, because that's like the delivery area that we do on the metal structures. We actually do Georgia, South Carolina, North Carolina, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Texas, trying to think Tennessee, so we pretty much see the whole Southeast, minus Florida, on metal structures.

Matthias Miller  34:30
Okay, have you? Have you? How many buildings have you sold in some of those more distant states, Tennessee, Texas, North Carolina. So

Unknown Speaker  34:48
I have, I'm mostly most of my stuff is Georgia. I have, I. I've done some sales in Alabama. I've done some sales in South Carolina and Tennessee.

Speaker 1  35:16
I used to when we used to do Florida. I have sold some in Florida and a pretty much as far as Georgia. I've sold metal structures pretty much all over the state of Georgia, not just like mine, my area, but, you know, I think, because it depends on how you advertise, and I think sometimes, like, people might see your ad, but then they're like, where you at? You say Georgia. But you know, we saw all over the southeast. Sometimes that kind of deters people if they're from out of state or something, right? But our our business model on on the metal structures, does allow us to, you know, sell as much as we want to in any of those states.

Matthias Miller  36:11
So my encouragement would be, I think there's plenty of business within the state of Georgia, and I'm going to have my marketing partner look it up. He said it'll be about two minutes to see if we can get some projections on, on lead prices, on for that within, within Georgia, I would personally encourage you to start with the state of Georgia. I think it's a big enough region and and to your point, the likelihood of conversion, I would rather have you have you start with a narrower area where we think it's pretty likely that that you can close deals and yeah, I just can't imagine that volume is going to be an issue across the whole state if we do that. So I'll let him. We'll have to give him a few minutes here to look up some some numbers and see what he can come up with, and on what it looks like, and it can, unfortunately, it can't change. There's not a there's no way that we can get 100% accurate picture, but at least get some ballpark on what what that might look like. Yeah.

Speaker 1  37:19
Okay. I it, yeah, because, I mean, you know, I mean $1,500 a month right now, the way businesses, it does sound like a lot of money, just to be honest. But if I knew that, you know that was going to bring him, you know, two metal structure cells that we're going to be, you know, three or four or $5,000 commissions each. Then obviously, at that point the $1,500 kind of becomes well worth it, you know, and it's basically the advertising is paid for itself, plus, you know, a lot of profit. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  38:04
Yeah. And, I mean, we, I want that for you, yeah. And I know it's a risk Go ahead.

Speaker 1  38:15
Yeah. I know, like, right now, with me being so upside down on so many things that, you know, I'm like, okay, $15 I would have just paid, like, car payment, or, you know, lot rent, or, you know, X number of things that, instead of putting the advertising, and I got nothing back to show for it, but now I have a bill that's not paid, you know, kind of thing. And that's literally, like how I've had to be, you know, for the last year, really trying to move things around and pay this person, you know, and make this person wait for a minute, and that kind of stuff. So that's just kind of what I have to, you know, look at as far as justification,

Matthias Miller  39:04
yeah, yeah. I think we've all, I think we've all been there. I think I think a question for you, I mean, it is increasingly, what we're seeing across the board is that doing online advertising is has become kind of par for the course, and like just to stay in this line of business, because so many other people are moving in that direction if You want to, if you want to stay on part, it kind of becomes an essential sense of expense, yeah.

Matthias Miller  39:55
The one thing I would mention with, especially with running Google ads, it is. Pretty important that whatever card we set up with this that the payments do go through just with Google's because that ends up, can end up Google's a little bit like a it's a little bit like a Ferrari. You want to, you want to take it on a drive, but you don't want drive, but you don't want to. It's good not to take it over to too rough terrain, and things like billing disruptions and things like that can can negatively impact campaigns, even after they they restart.

Unknown Speaker  40:37
Yeah, I

Unknown Speaker  40:46
yeah, I get that all

Matthias Miller  40:50
right. Well, he's looking that up. I

Matthias Miller  41:18
so while he's looking that up, I vote this is a random question for you. We've been we've been talking to different folks across the nation, and it's really interesting how people respond. And a lot of we hear repeatedly like, Hey, I've gotten scammed by marketers before, and you know, and I just straight up tell them I'm like, Look, you don't have a reason to trust me. You should take your time, do your due diligence. We should talk things through. I'm not here to push railroad do anything like that, like I get it, like I respect that. And I've wondered, it has kind of crossed. It'd be interesting to hear from kind of your perspective on man, you're sitting you're on the other other end of the phone. How do you help people who've who've been through the who've gone through the scammy marketer ringer, and have some healthy, healthy period. No, I just love to hear your your perspective.

Speaker 1  42:34
Yeah, that that is, that's a hard one. And, yeah, I have actually, this was probably back. This was pre COVID times I had this, this company reach out to me, and they called, I think they were called Lighthouse marketing, or something like that. And they were supposed to be like a fairly large marketing firm, and they called me. We probably had 345, conversations on the phone, and you know, they're very good at making you feel, you know, comfortable with them, and being friendly and that kind of stuff. And so they basically made me a bunch of promises about how they were going to pull all these leads and all these conversions and all these things in. And it was basically like some monthly price that, you know, it got dropped it out of my account every month or whatever. And so I paid them for probably this is when business was a lot better. But, you know, you're always trying to do something to make it even better than what it was, and someone through that with them. And I never could see I paid them. I don't even know how much over, you know, a couple years time, but I never could see, really, that they made any difference for me, or that they were even doing anything at all. And so I finally, you know, one day, I was like, looking at my bank statement, I'm like, Oh, man. I was like, I've been paying these people for a long time. And I was like, I haven't heard from them, like, I don't even notice that they've done anything. And so I finally just, like, went to cancel it, and when I went to it was, like, really slippery, like, even getting a hold of somebody and trying to get them to turn it off. And they just kept on, like, trying to, like, moving from one thing to the next and not, like, turn it off, you know, that kind of stuff. And so yeah, I've had a little of those experiences myself. And I think unfortunately today, we live in a time that is. Run by scammers, and it makes it really hard for the legitimate, upright business person to gain the trust of the, you know, everyday consumer. And I used to back in like, probably 22,007

Speaker 1  45:25
2010, all this time, Craigslist was like a great tool for me, and I used to buy I used to get a car auction, and I would buy cars at the auction, and then I would clean them up and make sure nothing was wrong with them, and if they have little stuff, fix it. And then I turn around and put them back up for sale. I also, like my dad, had some heavy equipment and some things that he wanted to sell. I sold for him. And I just, I would make ads and put everything on faith, on a Craigslist. And I even had one time part of my business was selling trees and plants. And I did a bunch of fruit trees and blueberry bushes and stuff. And when I first started doing it, I went on Craigslist and advertised like I was having a plant sale, and I had over 80 people come that first Saturday and come and buy plants from me. And so Craigslist was like, this fantastic tool. And, I mean, I sold anything and everything on Craigslist, and there was so much so that I had people at my church coming and stuff and going, Holly, you're so good at selling stuff. Like, Hey, can you I've got this like, you know, whatever that I need to sell. Can you help me sell it? And I'll pay you something for selling it for me. And so I literally have people ask me to sell stuff for them all the time. And mostly what I would do is just take really good pictures, have a good description, put it on Craigslist. And so all of a sudden, Craigslist started getting full of scammers. And every time that you put an ad on there, almost every person that you got like communication from they were a scammer. And so it got so bad that you knew that the minute you posted an ad that you were going to be so inundated with scammers that were going to waste your time, you know, you finally just got where you didn't want to even just mess with it anymore. And so it absolutely like ruined Craigslist and that whole like side of business that I had going on. And so then along coming Facebook marketplace,

Matthias Miller  47:39
I'm really sorry. You're I can I can I jump in? I had another appointment here that completely missed. Can I bounce back and call you back in about 45 minutes or an hour? Yeah, that'll be fine. I'm so sorry. Yeah, that's okay. No problem. All right. All right, sounds good. I'll be judged. Thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai