Matthias Miller  01:11
Good morning, guys, how

Unknown Speaker  01:18
Are you today?

Matthias Miller  01:21
Now I'm got a little deeper voice than usual, and probably preparing to caffeine myself fairly well today. But besides that, I'm fairly alright.

Speaker 1  01:36
Yeah, there's a lot of a lot of sickness going around back here. I don't know if you've heard a lot drew or not, but

Speaker 2  01:46
like I've the children saying people are out of school. But

Matthias Miller  01:49
that's not all I've been saying.

Speaker 1  01:53
Maybe let's we had a really cold snap to the first of the week, I'd say colder than it's been for a couple years. Yeah,

Speaker 2  02:04
I think Christmas two years ago was probably the last time we've had, I mean, this depth of it anyway, I think we've had negative last year, like maybe one night or something, but, but it was barely there.

Speaker 1  02:18
Yeah, we had, think Nicole I saw was at our place was negative 12, Tuesday.

Speaker 2  02:26
Oh, I saw negative 15 yesterday morning place, but oh, that's Yeah, I think our place was negative 12.

Speaker 1  02:33
Oh yeah, that yeah, Wednesday morning. That's what, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 2  02:40
It's just crunchy and grains and grapes and, yeah,

Speaker 1  02:52
do you get cold weather? I mean, real cold where you're at.

Matthias Miller  02:56
Well, we got, we got some of the same weather, weather pattern. I think we had, we had, I think a few digits below. It wasn't, not that extreme, but we had snow. We had snow Saturday and Sunday, and some of it melted, and then Monday we got so we had a nice, nice layer of ice, and then we got some more snow on top of that. And Colorado Springs wasn't they weren't even going to try to treat the roads until Tuesday, because it was too it was two fold.

Speaker 2  03:42
Yeah, we had a warm up on Saturday, and so any snow and stuff just melted and left, left ice where it wasn't like the cake of snow left just came to slush and became ice. Then when it froze, and any treatment of the road on spots like that didn't avail to anything, and more just made it wet. Some more snow blew across and made it worse. And,

Speaker 1  04:10
yeah, our little road is, is pretty much ice. It's children usually bike to school, but there's, there's no way they, I mean, it's not, they don't have farther. It's gonna go, yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  04:21
Wow.

Unknown Speaker  04:26
Good. Well, is is Seth joining? Or should we get started?

Matthias Miller  04:31
Let me see, we don't

Speaker 1  04:33
have a whole lot on the agenda, but it's probably questions for him. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  04:47
no, they went right through

Unknown Speaker  04:48
it, really we got to talk.

Speaker 2  04:50
Yeah, well, we don't have very many people that have to walk or and nobody stands at a bus stop wait. Yeah, so, like, there are some that do walk, but on cold mornings like that, why the parents just take them in stuff, awesome.

Unknown Speaker  05:11
Yeah, right. Well,

Matthias Miller  05:15
I think we could probably I sent a message. I think I can take good notes for him that I good

Speaker 1  05:24
so obviously, Dwayne's not going to join either. He's on occasion, so I just at the end of the call. Let's see whether we need to call next week or not. But the one encrypting confidential information. Is there anything to review on this? I Seth had sent an email. My understanding of it was that he he did his work on, like the actual fields, but for the attachments, like the w9 attachments he ran into, oh, yeah, you were involved with that. Matthias, there were two options, and he asked me to reach out to her to ask Josh about it. We canceled our Wednesday morning meeting. So I is that? I mean, I think that pretty much works. It's asked Josh for direction on how to handle the attachments, and the other part is Donner in progress.

Matthias Miller  06:21
Yeah, let me, let me see for sure if,

Matthias Miller  06:35
yeah, that's right, yeah, everything's done, including scrubbing, getting it over into the test system. But the attachment, attachment issues,

Matthias Miller  06:54
yeah, I mean, I can also try, I can also try to reach, reach out to him, and see, reach out to him directly if we should try to keep it moving before you guys meet again.

Speaker 1  07:12
Well, I mean, we, we need it. It's not. The only urgency is that we have this information exposed at this point, which I'm not, I'm, honestly, I'm not too concerned about but

Speaker 1  07:32
no, I'd say we'll ask Josh in our next meeting, and just until then, just hold off. Is, is the piece. So with, if Josh has an update this weekend is set or, like the protecting the fields that would be would go live, though, or not. Yes.

Matthias Miller  07:55
Okay, I

Speaker 1  08:07
is that good with us? Or would you I mean good retrievals, look at that later. Asset Management. This was, I saw that Seth closed the incident almost 17. So I'm assuming this is he had sent an email as well. This is done. Should be live the next update. So

Matthias Miller  08:34
he's actually going to be hopping on pretty soon he but it looks like it slipped his mind.

Speaker 2  08:40
So, so this should then make so that the no date works, yes, like, no date put in service, like, does not calculate appreciation and allows connecting.

Speaker 1  08:59
Yeah, what? What is go ahead and open up that incident. Just, I'm not exactly sure think it was just my details, but

Unknown Speaker  09:08
just search for,

Unknown Speaker  09:12
yes. You might want to just search for 0599

Unknown Speaker  09:26
Good morning. Sorry for that. Being late. No

Speaker 1  09:32
worries. 05 so Seth, we're looking at number one on the paper, cut projects where it's the asset management, improved date and put in service. I saw you close that. I'm assuming that's

Unknown Speaker  09:55
done. Let me see

Speaker 2  09:59
I. Uh, yeah, because it was on the saving side. That was the issue. On that one that I did, I, uh, I put my I took my data off. I forget how it was, took my data off, connected it to the invoice, and then went back and changed the date to whatever, like you put an acceptable date on the on the asset, added it to the invoice, went back and changed the date back to what I wanted it to be. Everything went through fine. I mean,

Speaker 1  10:33
what did you change afterwards, on the ads on the asset? Well, I forget

Speaker 2  10:37
which way I was supposed to be going, but whatever I wanted to do wasn't allowing me to say, just put an acceptable data and did it and then went back and changed it.

Unknown Speaker  10:47
Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  10:48
cumbersome, but it worked. Yeah,

Speaker 1  10:50
the ones you You cleared out, the ones that truly should be cleared out, APS reaching out to me, been two or three, maybe that they say, have said, Hey, I can't connect this. And I said, Okay, I just put in a future date. Say, Okay, you're good to go. But with this change, it should, yeah, yeah. So yeah,

Unknown Speaker  11:08
it's that one's done, and then

Unknown Speaker  11:12
the

Speaker 3  11:14
asset management report is also done, because I started on the encrypting confidential information, and then I got as far as I could without more input

Speaker 1  11:28
on that confidential information. We basically, we've covered that. Basically, your part is done. We'll be live with the next update, waiting on Josh for how to handle. So okay, that sounds good. So the last thing we had was the quarterly tax filing, the offset, the starting one. We discussed this previously, but I don't think we ever put it on a list anywhere. What would be involved in doing that? Do you remember what we needed on this set or not? Go ahead. You remember talking about it.

Speaker 2  12:09
New York has a quarterly filing, but their quarter is like, November. No, is December, January, February, like it's it's offset alone, instead of a typical quarter. So I just need to be able to, like, it's quarterly filing, but I need a different start date. So I think our discussion was, what if we would make something so that it can just, you can go plus or minus a month on the on the start

Unknown Speaker  12:41
date, yeah, that's what we had talked about.

Unknown Speaker  12:44
And you would set that on

Unknown Speaker  12:48
the vendor, I think, yeah.

Speaker 1  12:54
I mean, if it's, if this is pretty easy to do, and we could have it live by up Don and assume Josh has an update this weekend. That would be great, but I didn't know this is that

Matthias Miller  13:11
complicated. For now,

Speaker 3  13:14
I'm just looking at how we're getting the list of paid and dates. I

Speaker 3  13:29
I don't think it should be too hard. Matthias, do you remember? I mean, basically, we add a field on the vendor record and allow them just increments to start by a month as or by however much it's entered.

Matthias Miller  13:57
It could be anything you could do. Uh, yeah, exactly. I think that was the idea. And then you're trying to find your your macro that you had here. Um,

Unknown Speaker  14:26
I'm trying to send it to you. I

Matthias Miller  14:46
right then your starting date, instead of starting at December 31 of the prior period, you would increment that by x number or adjusted by X number of. Months. And I think you have to test, obviously, test it, but off the cuff, it looks like, I mean, there's nothing special that we're doing. You're just changing the basis state. I

Matthias Miller  15:26
The only other thing might be, if you,

Matthias Miller  15:38
technically, you might want to subtract, to the previous basis date, minus the filing frequency, plus the

Speaker 3  15:49
adjust. I wondered about that. Yeah, yeah. Just make

Matthias Miller  15:52
sure that and then validate. You could also add validation if you, if you factor out the the frequency into months, validate that the adjustment is less than one, three or six

Unknown Speaker  16:08
less than the period.

Matthias Miller  16:10
Period length, right? Yeah. This doesn't make sense to Yeah, exactly.

Unknown Speaker  16:19
Yeah. The field is, mean, it's going to be, what do you name the thing?

Matthias Miller  16:27
Well, what are we using currently? We have, let's see, what's a sales tax or what's a current tax vendor? We have

Unknown Speaker  16:38
filing frequency.

Matthias Miller  16:46
I was trying to find one the live system that I can pull up and just take a look here.

Unknown Speaker  16:54
Let me just share a screen right here. I

Matthias Miller  17:07
filing frequency,

Matthias Miller  17:13
so typically, the period end date i

Matthias Miller  17:23
Well, if you really want to make it, if you want to make it intuitive, then you have A period start. That's a drop list of months,

Speaker 3  17:44
okay? And you only show it if it's quarterly or annual, right?

Matthias Miller  17:49
And then quarterly, it's, it's quarterly, the options are, January, February, March. Well, I mean, it's, it's three, three months or six months, and you assume that it maintains the same pattern, and then whether you went to probably the easiest thing, then would actually just, I mean, store it as a field, And then have a macro to calculate the offset I sure that's probably what I would do.

Speaker 3  18:28
So you just show the first three months for quarterly, for six for,

Unknown Speaker  18:34
yeah, I think

Unknown Speaker  18:35
that's reasonable. I

Speaker 1  18:47
uh, good. So, I mean, any any idea on I think this is, unless you have something else that I don't have listed here. This is the only thing we have. Like, yeah, what does it look like

Speaker 3  19:02
it should be pretty fast? Like it might be an hour, maybe an hour with testing it try to make sure it works right? Okay, maybe a little more, but not under two hours. I'd be embarrassed if it's more.

Speaker 1  19:22
Oh, good? Well, I'd say, if you can fit it in. And we assume Josh does an update. He hasn't done one since the 11th day.

Speaker 3  19:33
He partially didn't last week because of I told him I'm working on the some of the data restriction and stuff, and was working Saturday, so I think that's part of the reason he didn't okay.

Speaker 1  19:52
But on the data restrictions, there's nothing like the attachments. It shouldn't be

Speaker 3  19:58
No, they'll be fine, okay? It'll just be the the tax ID field on vendor. That's the only, am I right? That's the only field on contacts at this point, other than the attachments. Or do you, do you have socials anywhere?

Speaker 1  20:15
Do we have socials on employees? I think there's a field

Speaker 2  20:18
because I looked, oh, there's no field. I don't think so. I mean, unless I don't know where it is, should we?

Unknown Speaker  20:26
Would it be helpful to have those or not?

Speaker 2  20:30
I mean that, like, currently we're running payroll outside of this anyways, yeah, we there's not really any need

Speaker 1  20:38
to have and there's no, yeah, no

Speaker 2  20:42
yeah, like, there's address, there's just, it's not here.

Speaker 1  20:52
Yeah, I think that's all. The only thing so good, yeah, I'd say yeah. Just let us know once you're you're done with that and but as far as I feel like we could move to bi weekly meetings, just with if you guys are good at that, sounds good. I'd say for right now, at least through end the first quarter, let's do bi weekly and adjust as needed. So

Matthias Miller  21:36
starting so we'll skip next week and then meet on the sixth. Yeah, right. Oh, good,

Speaker 2  21:43
yeah, go for skipping the second week if we're gonna skip one, I'm just you know, because normally the second week of the of the month, we're cramming a little more to get and to get the month

Unknown Speaker  21:55
flow

Matthias Miller  21:56
so

Speaker 2  21:58
we go third. No, let's do like in February would be six and 20. Okay. What about March? I mean, I think if we just follow that just first and third, oh, be fine, if we stay off it like, because the second week is usually where we're working a lot harder to close the month, yeah, because the first week you're just still a little, I mean, I found anyway, I'm still just a little limited on what I can accomplish the first the first week. But

Speaker 1  22:30
okay, so rather than it, may run off bi weekly. So rather than that, let's do first and third Thursday of every month

Unknown Speaker  22:38
that might be easier to keep track. Yeah, I like that.

Matthias Miller  22:46
Monthly on the first Thursday, we'll do another one. Duplicate. You good?

Speaker 1  22:57
Anything? Anything else,

Matthias Miller  23:03
no,

Speaker 1  23:06
if not just any, any, nope. No podcast yet. Matthias, so

Matthias Miller  23:11
maybe I need your advice here. The guy, the guy was, I hired a guy to help me out with it. He's like, This is so crazy. He's like, I've never had anything like it before. First of all, it's been a little tough getting people to actually book and then for them to actually show like they just haven't even showed up. He's like, I'm not sure what to do. And so I know he's been catching a lot of dealers. And so in my head, in my head, there's two obstacles. Number one, a lot of guys, there seems to be some resistance to jumping on the podcast and talking shop, like, I don't want to, I don't want to tip my hand too much about what I'm actually doing. The other thing, too, with as many dealers as he's getting, I kind of think it's a little bit of Hey. I have no idea if anybody's if I'm going to get a call or anybody's going to walk in, and I don't want to, I don't want to be on a recording, a podcast in the, you know, in the middle of the day, but I don't know if you get any if you were trying to get these folks on the podcast and get them to keep a schedule. I don't know if you have any any insights off the top of your head about how you go about doing it.

Unknown Speaker  24:31
What you're saying to get did you get people to actually, yeah. Podcast, yeah. Like

Matthias Miller  24:37
with the shed geek, the shed geek has, they have a lot of vendors that they bring on. And, of course, you give somebody a chance to pedal their wares like they're like, when and where, yeah, and and so and so. But what I was really hoping to go was go more, you know, go, go direct to people within the you. You know, actually, actually, within said businesses. Yeah, so you're, you're looking

Speaker 1  25:06
for what more owner manager type people, and owner manager, dealer,

Matthias Miller  25:12
salesperson, those, those types of people, are they?

Speaker 2  25:19
Are you gonna? Are Are they hesitant to share what they know about what they're doing? Like, is it, I mean, I don't know the is it a secretive kind of, you know, all my secrets I don't want to share with the world, because then I don't have any one up on them. I've

Matthias Miller  25:40
gotten some of that impression. And so I think one way to shift that is it could be to shift the focus to storytelling. I mean, we all have fun, crazy stories we can tell. How do we get into this? What was the wildest customer experience? I know Gabe. Gabe has this wonderful story about the guy who wanted to move his shed, and it was, you know, it was held together with finished nails, and they they went and ate them a mile down the road, and the whole thing fell apart. And unfortunately, the guy's neighbor wanted scrap lumber, so he's like, just leave it in my yard. That's fine. So I uh, so, so, but Drew, yeah, that is a bit of what that is, a bit of it. But then also, we've had two Fridays booked pretty much full, and then last minute cancelations, no shows,

Speaker 2  26:41
you know, not. So there, there is interest. They're just not showing up,

Matthias Miller  26:45
right? So it did make me wonder if I had to start booking recordings. That is a little brutal for me. I'm not sure if I'm ready to put my face and voice out there at seven o'clock in the morning, but six or seven in the morning. But do bookings from like eight to 10 Eastern multiple days a week so that they can get to it before the day gets started. Or look for end of day recordings where they can do it right after they close up and not be, not be interrupted. But I don't know,

Speaker 1  27:21
like, what's, what's in it for them, as far as I mean, on the shit geek, they've had some, some of those type people, like some owners and managers, like, I'm just trying to think, what's, what's, I don't know, like, what? What's the per for? I don't listen to the shit geek anymore, but one of the favorite ones that my Personally, my favorite ones of a few that I listened was where he had Jonathan Ulrich on early on, were like, he, he didn't, he wasn't bashful at all about sharing secrets, or, like, talking about his journey, I should say, Yeah, but I'm thinking, what's in it for somebody like that? Or, why do they the

Matthias Miller  28:11
one guy who showed up, and we could actually, it might actually be worth doing spinning this off, the one guy who showed up wanted to promote a new location that he opened up. And so one thing we could do is we could promise that I don't think it would take that much spend 10 to 20 bucks per per episode, put it on Facebook, advertise it within their radius, local radius, and tell them what we'll give you free publicity. You'll be, you'll be, you'll be a local celebrity. And I mean, you could also throw YouTube on there, then and put 10 or 10 or 20 bucks of YouTube views, and maximize views and and, and then you could go back to them and say, hey, look, here's I mean, the nice thing is, I mean, you want to be you want to be honest. It depends if you need to be more honest than the social media platforms, but if you just show them the level of engagement that they got off their video, it might just be 1000s of three second views, but I would think that I now, I'm starting to sell myself on the idea. I mean, you can sell them then on local, kind of local advertising, and then you could say, Look, why don't you, why don't you actually put a budget behind it and have a video of yourself that's constantly circulating everywhere about you, and people can't get away, get away from you, and you only have to spend, you know, 100 bucks a month on it, or something. That's maybe the best. I don't know, I don't know if that would be.

Speaker 2  30:01
Yeah, who's your who's your listening audience? Going to be more builders, or is it going to be people like a hard time thinking that there's a lot of just individuals that are going to go look for a podcast about a shed owner that they're thinking about buying from. But

Matthias Miller  30:20
no, it's all. The target audience would still be primarily be other other people within the industry that would be the listing audience targeted towards that but, but they would have a chance to kind of promote their business as part of that. And so if you do something like lessons learned or story about they got here, or some kind of fun fact about themselves, or fun story, you know, some some story about experiences that they've had, it could still be of interest to to their customers, mostly because they know them personally. It could also just be a little bit of a halo effect where all like, here's this, here's this guy. Like, there's three, three folks down in in Hicksville, Georgia, and this the one guy was actually featured on his major podcast. And it's almost like, it's almost like he was on a news station, as the same effect as if he was on a news station. And not that they actually want to listen to it. It's just that people, people see it, and they're like, oh, like, he's, he's actually the kind of famous guy around here that's all speculative, very speculative, I don't know. Yeah, these are some, some good thoughts. Oh, yeah. So bottom line is, it did not release on the 20th I'm having a conversation with, with the guy in a couple weeks, we'll figure out where we're go from there. Yeah,

Speaker 2  32:15
yeah, I could see like something like shed geek, you know, if they're just having people that are pushing their wares all the time, people get really like owners are going to get really tired of listening to three quarter ad and one quarter something else, you know, like that, definitely old.

Matthias Miller  32:34
Then then you have real geeks like yours truly and the Geek on and on and on about different things, and nobody understand what even said, there's that too.

Speaker 1  32:46
I think I asked you this before already, but you you've listened to Breakthrough Academy podcast right again? Well,

Matthias Miller  32:55
sorry I haven't listened listen to the podcast. I i followed Ryan in some of his early days. Okay, it's kind of been interesting to watch some of the guys. It seems to me, like Ryan stewman And what's car sales guy. What's his name? I can, I think about it. Some of those, some of those, sorry, this is That's painful. I should know this guy. He's, he's another kind of YouTuber. He's, he's got some there's some folks in the in the, in the Elliot who started out as very, larger than life, kind of personalities, and with time have kind of seemed to me, have mellowed a bit and perhaps shifted so I but I don't know. I don't know that much about Breakthrough Academy and Ryan stewin, besides what that it's been a few years, and it would have been more from his early years of how he would have approached things back then.

Speaker 1  34:15
Yeah, there have been several on the Breakthrough Academy recently that were, well, he brings in a lot of people from other industries as well, like

Unknown Speaker  34:24
as well. But, oh, it was which I, yeah, there was trying to think who was one guy recently. I don't even know his name. He said he's just a chicken farmer from Alabama, but he's like, he has a big business of consulting or accounting or something that he works with a lot, but, yeah, well,

Matthias Miller  34:58
good luck. Good. Thanks. Let's it's good to know there's people eager to hear more than than peddling wares. So if we can pull it off, and we'll have a kind of a unique niche that we can maybe share. So

Unknown Speaker  35:12
yeah, I think so, yeah, good. Well,

Unknown Speaker  35:18
there's nothing else. We'll wrap up early and talk again sick. All right,

Matthias Miller  35:29
okay, thank you. Thank you guys. Thank you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai