Matthias Miller  00:20
Hey, hey, hey, hey,

Unknown Speaker  00:40
Bad time for you no

Matthias Miller  00:44
responding to your message, so the short term change, and then I

Matthias Miller  01:13
yeah,

Speaker 1  01:15
he actually said they dawned on me, after we got off the call that neither one of us had a recording of what he said, uh, he actually said something like, let me know, thanks, right? I'm pretty sure it was something like, it wasn't, thanks, thanks. It was like, let me know, thanks. Does that sound right?

Matthias Miller  01:34
Oh, maybe I mean, you could change your name to let me know. You just say thanks, let me know. I

Speaker 1  01:45
I think that's probably it okay. I'm going to try that, right? You know, by the way, that Id does not have to be, yeah, I'm like, I have done this multiple times this summer. And I don't know exactly what the trigger point is, but it will go away at some point here. Okay. Customize. Thanks. Sender ID,

Matthias Miller  02:14
just sugar, sorry,

Speaker 1  02:16
yep, yep, yep, yep, yep. Where's Zoom. Zoom, share, this. Share.

Unknown Speaker  02:27
All right, so just a moment ago, that said, Jeremy's can't, you know, you know, hang on, alright? The right one

Matthias Miller  02:35
the matter? Yeah, please not Jeremy's.

Speaker 1  02:39
One that matters is this one. We probably will do the same thing to generates, but not, not today, not just yet. Okay, so Sender ID, customize you.

Speaker 1  03:00
It interesting, what just happened? It's like, it saved, but it didn't really save. It didn't tell me, No, but it didn't really save.

Speaker 1  03:38
Oh, it did say, All right, see that? Yep. Okay. Now here's another one. You got time for this?

Matthias Miller  03:48
Yeah, the reply stopped, and subscribed should be I said that one too. Don't stop what you're doing. Just message me when you're free with some type i If he has typos. I suspect he's got typos in in his let me just pull it up, because I think I saw it in his GHL

Unknown Speaker  04:14
that that's great, by the way. Proceed. I have something else, but good. Go ahead. You said it's in his case.

Matthias Miller  04:23
Yeah, I'm pulling it up right now. I saw it on one of his numbers. Um,

Speaker 1  04:30
I got it. I got it right in front of me. I don't want you to stop what you're doing. Just let me cancel. Uh, anyway, Ready. Set and paste. Just so you can see what he's got see this? Yep, all right, awesome. Um, I've got one. Let's see a couple other things. Um, I have been fidgeting with this stuff all summer long with those droids I was building. So. So here's one. This is actually very clever. It's been noticed by a lot of people doing this stuff, that when you simply use the word stop in these text messages, at least in the United States, it has already become like it's, it's a it's a mental, psychological trigger for people when they see a text message come in with that reply, stop, right? Like, like, instantly. In other words, you're asking for it. Does that make sense? Yeah, a few things about it. Part One, if you can do a similar phrase and use any of these, I'll turn

Matthias Miller  05:40
well, he did the s space end. Did you see that one in the chanty? No, I'm sorry. Just Just end me a message when you're free. I love it. Okay? With a space. I got

Speaker 1  05:56
it. It's, it's my, my. There we go. I love it. I really love it. That's awesome. I got on taking notes,

Speaker 1  06:16
and then just just for the fun of it, we cannot you, and I cannot utilize this here and now, but on the conversational chat bot that the droid that I've been doing all year, we the folks who developed that learned To basically, and I am not referring So, so this thing we're looking at right here is, like this mandatory. It's really imposed by Twilio, not not by DHL, but like they DHL has to play along. It's man mandatory, like footer message that goes out on the first SMS. Does that make sense?

Matthias Miller  06:59
Beyond totally.

Speaker 1  07:01
So it's been noticed that if you're going to have an actual back and forth AI driven conversation, and I am suggesting that this could imply to other scenarios, that you've got to have a way to let people out of the out of the loop, especially if it's aI powered and like going back and forth. And so they realized that literally, coming up with anything else to say other than the word stop, it does two things. One, it doesn't trigger people's own psychological lizard brain reaction, but also it gets out from under the I'm going to call it surveillance. That's not the right word, but, but the watchful eyes of the networks that are literally looking for people complaining about your messages by having them say anything else. I mean, like, you know, and it doesn't have to be one of these magic stop words, just like, you know. I you know, the one we use was goodbye, right? So the bot would actually say, oh, whatever, you know, if you don't want to hear about our special promo, just say goodbye, and we'll wrap it up or something, right? And it avoids triggering that, you know, all cap stop lizard brain. And it also avoids Twilio from seeing the word stop come in from them. And this is because, if you read the fine print, you should see, I can't show it to you on the screen. But when I, when I called support the other day and asked them to raise the limit to get things moving with your account in the chat they sent me this foot long. Do you agree to this thing before they would even

Matthias Miller  08:50
proceed? Well, it

Speaker 1  08:51
I know what's happening. GHL is trying not to lose their whole business and carrier over their own dumb users abusing this system. And so they're pushing really hard just trying to, like, keep the thumb screws on all of us so that they can even keep their uh, connection to Twilio in the back. Twilio,

Matthias Miller  09:11
yeah, well, and did you see the I saw this post. I don't know that you saw this post in the GHL account where this guy says, hey, my agency owner went to jail. So, you know, there's a circus that these guys are trying to manage. For sure.

Unknown Speaker  09:30
Where did you see this? I think

Matthias Miller  09:32
it was DHL group, the official GHL support group.

Speaker 1  09:38
Wow. I think we're you do know that this, like the kind of stuff we're doing, cannot be done legally in the United States, B to C, cannot do cold SMS thing, B to C. I think we're okay because of B to B, still, my guess is that we won't be able to do that forever either, but I can see if people. Are out there cold, spamming consumers that is literally asking to go to jail. Anyhow, all that nonsense about the choice of words matters, because behind the scenes the carrier, can you see my screen still, the carriers are looking for all kinds of little things, including percentage of complaints and opt outs. And it's more than just what you see right here, but this is an example. So, like, just anything to tone it down is very good. Every little tone down. Okay, cool. Um, I like that. And then sooner or later, after we have sent enough messages, we will be able to literally just uncheck these. But I tried. I tried this morning, when you asked about it and it wouldn't go it aired out on me. That's fine.

Matthias Miller  10:52
Then we got what we wanted from Christian. There's a workaround. Cool, cool.

Speaker 1  10:58
Okay, um, I have questions about what next, but before I do, do you have anything for me or anything you ask me

Matthias Miller  11:08
more by way of an update? So unfortunately, I had to, I completely lost track of time. I had to bounce from my phone my sales call with Georgia shed that you were researching and really hope I didn't defend the lady. She hasn't texted back, oops and and I just apologize profusely, and

Speaker 1  11:39
so you had to bounce because of Carson's call. And it wasn't

Matthias Miller  11:43
Carson's call, it was another call that I had on my calendar. So anyway,

Speaker 1  11:49
okay, that's, that's, that's painful. Okay, so it sounds like so Jeremy is cornerstone, and so let me, let me come at this from a different angle. Could we start, please? And then you tell me a spreadsheet. Maybe you have Trello or something else you like, but anything where I can come routinely, come back to one single place and see who we're dealing with and what they need. So like, for example, I think Jeremy of Cornerstone is it sounds like you've closed him or something.

Matthias Miller  12:26
Yeah.

Speaker 1  12:28
Okay, cool and close for Facebook lead form ads with a CRM,

Matthias Miller  12:34
correct.

Speaker 1  12:37
FB lead form ads plus jhL, we'll call CRM. That's fine. And so you tell me, anything, is he ready to go? Like, literally, you handed me his ad account, so I build ads tonight and turn them on. Yes, do Okay, all right.

Matthias Miller  12:55
Yeah, totally. He's he put his credit card. He put billing info in. Well, I guess. And the only question mark I have, we didn't do a full walkthrough, I need to communicate to him that we can't turn on ATP until his website is done, or texting until his website is done. And we need a way to notify him when these lead forms come in so he's on top of them. I mean, they need to come to GHL. They need to notify him somehow. And, yeah, well, it's just that they need to come in together. They gotta create a content, gotta create an opportunity and notify him. So

Speaker 1  13:43
create contact and for June T and notify and so you're saying that you're asking him to receive text messages as that notification.

Matthias Miller  13:58
Well, I mean, I'm assuming that would make the most sense. He has to add his phone number as a verified phone number so that he can get text without ATP, right?

Speaker 1  14:11
I'm not even sure I know what you're referencing. Is that possible talking about phone settings or contact me?

Matthias Miller  14:21
Let's go into it be phones. It would be phone numbers, verified caller IDs. I kind of think he has to add a verified caller ID.

Unknown Speaker  14:37
Share Screen. Please do

Matthias Miller  14:49
well, I don't know this is true. I know with Twilio, if you verify number, then you can text to that even if you can't text to the general public. I.

Speaker 1  15:00
I've never heard of that in the context of GHL. So, like, it's a way for you to put yourself in there and be able to text yourself without waiting on the whole ATP thing. Right mark up the right tree.

Matthias Miller  15:16
I'm not sure if

Matthias Miller  15:22
I conversation. You don't

Matthias Miller  15:40
think it works like that.

Speaker 1  15:42
I don't. I've never heard anybody talk about it, or seen a reference to or anything, and I've never seen a spot that made me think it could do that,

Matthias Miller  15:51
maybe, maybe not, maybe just making stuff up.

Speaker 1  15:56
Let's try some I got an idea. Let's just give it a shot. Let me stick his

Matthias Miller  16:04
I can I can add myself in as a contact with my personal cell.

Unknown Speaker  16:12
Yeah, I kind of doubt that'll do it.

Matthias Miller  16:18
Also. Good automation, great workflow. Start from scratch. Let's add a text submits.

Speaker 1  16:36
Probably worth trying a manual one first like literally, just to see if it sends, if the system sends an SMS to a contact with his number.

Matthias Miller  16:50
All right. Well, then let me add

Unknown Speaker  16:56
is that the 903 number 903-910-7190 that's like his personal cell.

Matthias Miller  17:04
The nine I don't know,

Matthias Miller  17:12
excuse me, 7190 is his personal cell.

Speaker 1  17:20
Hey, I have stuck that in both places in the business settings, hoping that maybe there's like a little exception under the hood for yourself when you're listed correctly on the profile page.

Matthias Miller  17:37
I'm gonna just try this and this we expect to be blocked, right?

Speaker 1  17:45
Yeah, so it's a no go, yep. You can click the detail there. So if you point at the the blue box and go up to the right, yeah, see the 3.0 right over the blue, oh, there it is. Anyway, okay, so no can do okay, it is what it is.

Matthias Miller  18:10
And we could also try that was your number. Let's try this.

Speaker 1  18:17
Yeah, this is what I'm thinking. And just maybe it'll correlate to the fact that that phone number is in the business settings. Profile, 9039107190939107190,

Unknown Speaker  18:36
I'm looking at it all right.

Matthias Miller  18:39
Hey, Jeremy is here, just testing a message to you from the CRM. No. Okay, no, well, it doesn't like me. Okay.

Speaker 1  19:00
Okay, so my quickest solution for that would be

Matthias Miller  19:04
send an email.

Speaker 1  19:08
Yes, we can also inject to a Google sheet, but then again, going to a Google Sheet, you'd have to look at it. So that's not any better than Yeah, let's just do it now.

Matthias Miller  19:21
All right, so I think, I think with that, we got, you got everything you need?

Speaker 1  19:26
Okay, I will set up. I'm assuming you did not connect his Facebook to his DHL yet, in any place. I did not do that. No, hey, I'll work on it. I'm assuming I can good news, BHL actually supports C API under the hood. So like, and it's one of the few that software's platforms out there that do. So that's like, good data from the first minute. It's good stuff. Okay, sweet, cool. I'm gonna set up a lead format. Yeah, connected to GHL. Make sure that Facebook is actually pushing that into GHL and sends an email notification to Jeremy at Cornerstone. Do you

Matthias Miller  20:13
need any pictures from him that

Speaker 1  20:14
will be very helpful? Yes, please. And the domain exists, at least, right? Because I tried to load it earlier and chrome pretty sure no way on that one. Dig MX, and he has email on and everything. Okay, good. Gmail. Wonder if he's got

Matthias Miller  20:39
txt he's got SPF, any photos you can share, the higher quality, the better correct, the more the better,

Speaker 1  20:47
the more the more the better, the more colorful the better, and obviously, of the product. So if he has good, pretty buildings,

Matthias Miller  20:59
be awesome. I did

Speaker 1  21:06
he pay? Or is this some sort of trial?

Matthias Miller  21:09
No, he paid. Just Oh, and you can invoice me for I need to figure out how my deposit fees work. I'm not sure it's less than stripe, but I it seven, 525, so you invoice me from 425 and let me know. 425 Yeah, let me know how you want to be paid.

Speaker 1  21:34
It's fine. Do you have the ability to send like ACH or Zelle, or anything like that? I can do Zelle, yeah, oh, cool. That'll work fine. See that, and our name on the invoice is code house, or I used to be, multiply my strengths, right? Multiply

Matthias Miller  21:51
your strengths as a legal name. Still do that. Okay, that's fine. Let

Matthias Miller  22:02
me see I can set up so on here. Oh, I just lost track of time. I have to switch to the phone and have to leave. I

Matthias Miller  22:36
and I have new air pods for my phone, so let me know how they work. Sounds

Speaker 1  22:41
quite good. Okay, yeah, better, yeah, it's hard to say, but I think better than anything you've had before.

Matthias Miller  22:49
Weird, they're the old model.

Speaker 1  22:53
Okay, possibly, I don't know exactly what it sounded like when you had the other ones in but anyway, okay, cool. Is there anybody other than Jeremy, who needs attention, setup, maintenance, estimates, something else.

Matthias Miller  23:08
I think, no, I've got folks I'm talking to tomorrow, folks to follow up with. I think the Well, there was the guy in there's another guy, I think in Georgia, who is in Georgia, southeast structures, if you pull up my wallet, If you pull up my opportunities, he's southeast structures or crammed or something. And I think he's in Georgia, if he's in Georgia, we can basically cool thing towards Facebook, just because I

Matthias Miller  24:07
so

Speaker 1  24:09
your audio broke out there a little. So I'm in your opportunities, which column

Matthias Miller  24:13
it would be under, probably under warm

Unknown Speaker  24:17
Premier, Adrian. Michael Yoder,

Matthias Miller  24:19
no, so it would be before that

Speaker 1  24:23
I missed a bunch I was I would scroll down elite, Georgia, outdoor, nope. Will Adams, nope. Devin Miller, nope. Tell me a name I can search for. Zach, that, Z, a, ch, I assume, Yep, he's under emailed info, southeast structures.

Matthias Miller  24:46
Okay, yeah. So where's South East structures located?

Speaker 1  24:49
Is it written here? I don't see that written right here, so let me get over to their site real fast. I.

Matthias Miller  25:01
I'm pretty sure he's Georgia, but

Speaker 1  25:05
I site, by the way, contact Georgia, yep, three locations in Georgia. Oh, in a broken form. The form you're looking for doesn't exist.

Matthias Miller  25:17
Nice. So he actually has a separate brand called crammel, something that he's looking to go off on his own. But if he's in Georgia, then, I mean, there's another Georgia, Georgia thing. And if he wants, if he's willing to do Google, then it's a rinse and repeat, and otherwise it's, it would mean we'd have two clients competing against each

Speaker 1  25:42
other. I'm really not worried about that. I think there's quite enough, especially since none of these are big budget, there's quite enough inventory out there for both, yeah. Oh, speaking of budget, real fast. What is Jeremy's ad budget?

Matthias Miller  26:00
1000 bucks a month. 1000 a month, I'm gonna guess. And I was, I was gonna guess it's either, I mean, if you know 20 or 40 bucks a day, or I don't know what your campaign numbers are, but if you're running two campaigns, 20 bucks a day, it's 1200 I don't know how flexible he is on that, but i

Speaker 1  26:29
i Can I ask Audra to start. Or you tell me how you want it done. But like, I want something where there cannot ever be a miscommunication mistake, like, like, the basic notes, this person is ready to go. They've paid this is the budget. This is what we're doing. And then I can maybe add some what's next. Where would you like to do that? Do that? Do you want to do it all in GHL?

Matthias Miller  27:06
Well, I mean, should we have a separate pipeline for client management? I'm not even, I

Speaker 1  27:14
don't even understand if you can move people between pipelines and GHL. Can you? I don't

Matthias Miller  27:18
know if you can move them between pipelines, but you might have to close it out and recreate.

Speaker 1  27:27
What do you normally use for project management on anything? Okay, do you want to add me to your Well, that's probably got lots of other stuff in there. I would think

Matthias Miller  27:39
it probably does. I mean, I'm sure we can create a corner of clickup for you. You

Unknown Speaker  27:43
want to try? Do you use Trello at all?

Matthias Miller  27:47
I would rather keep it in clickup. If we can, let's try. Not. I'm not the clickup user. Can you wait until tomorrow? Absolutely

Speaker 1  27:55
yes, or whenever, or Monday, I can always wait. Yes.

Matthias Miller  28:00
I mean, let's get this thing done ad hoc, yeah, then shoot an email to you. Can just shoot an email to my email and tell Audra that about, about, is there a way that we could set up a project management, something tracker for for new clients?

Matthias Miller  28:33
Got it, and I do have to warn you, I have a hard stop at about one minute. Hopefully I'm home by then. I'm trying my very best to be my wife. Loves when I'm home exactly by five, and I'm trying my best to make this work in the best everything else

Unknown Speaker  28:50
I can go right now. That's all I need.

Matthias Miller  28:54
Alright, sounds good? Well, I'm excited. I really hope Holly doesn't freak she's in a tough place, but she needs it. I think we can help her win. So, that's Georgia. Georgia. Okay, Georgia structures. So anyway,

Unknown Speaker  29:08
cool. Thanks. Yep,

Matthias Miller  29:11
thanks. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai