Unknown Speaker  00:36
Hey, Kevin, hi,

Unknown Speaker  00:44
okay, there we go. Good morning.

Matthias Miller  00:46
Good morning.

Unknown Speaker  00:47
Headphones are a little wonky this early, but yeah, we'll figure it out.

Matthias Miller  00:54
It's just the headphones. You're fine,

Speaker 1  00:56
right? Exactly. That's all I have to deal with today. No problem.

Matthias Miller  01:03
Yes,

Unknown Speaker  01:05
how are you doing?

Matthias Miller  01:07
Pretty, pretty good. I think

Unknown Speaker  01:09
thinking,

Matthias Miller  01:13
try one more day of pumping myself full of

Unknown Speaker  01:17
all my

Matthias Miller  01:20
all the stuff my body responds to, and see if you can, kind of detest, to see if I can escape this thing that's going around,

Unknown Speaker  01:28
oh man, trying to come down with a cold or,

Matthias Miller  01:34
yeah, it's, it's like a, there's like this Beaver, cold, Blue, I don't know what it is,

Unknown Speaker  01:41
man, I

Matthias Miller  01:43
managed to escape it. My wife was completely like slept all day last Monday, and two of her kids got it, maybe a third, I'm not sure, but

Speaker 1  02:00
chances are one of them brought it into the environment.

Matthias Miller  02:05
Yeah, school the breeding ground. We're sharing. We're we share sickness with everybody.

Speaker 1  02:12
We often don't talk about the building of the immune system that happens in school,

Unknown Speaker  02:17
right? Exactly.

Speaker 1  02:21
Oh, man. Those first few months of school, when I was teaching, I felt like I was just constantly sick. And then, like after Thanksgiving, it's like, okay, my immune system is caught up. Now. I'm not getting sick, but it was like, those first few months were miserable. That's crazy, like a Petri dish.

Matthias Miller  02:43
Yeah, exactly. Miss you can find something. I think You would find this Interesting. I

Unknown Speaker  03:07
Hello, can't I

Speaker 2  03:59
Here we go. And so This is, oh, come on. I

Matthias Miller  04:27
I'm gonna make you host I can let me back in.

Unknown Speaker  04:33
Okay, I'll be right back. Okay, I'm

Unknown Speaker  04:49
there we go, all right now.

Matthias Miller  04:59
So. I had blood blood testing done and antioxidant protection, like redox scores, so found out that my body is highly responsive to Coenzyme Q, 10, Echinacea and chemo

Unknown Speaker  05:19
cam. Yeah. So

Matthias Miller  05:23
you hear all these people saying, oh, you should take ginger. You should take right? Well,

Unknown Speaker  05:31
yeah, my mom, my body is not responsive to that. My

Matthias Miller  05:35
body is not responsive to

Speaker 1  05:39
that. But everybody's doing it, I know exactly,

Matthias Miller  05:43
and it worked for me. Kevin, right?

Speaker 1  05:51
If I had $1 for every time somebody said that, I'm going to try this prayer method, I'm going to try this therapy. I'm going to try this because it worked for this person. Are you that person? That person, at a certain point, start going, hmm, all right, you should try it. Yeah, you should see what happens. Knowing you'll you'll be back to tell a story of it didn't work for me, but hey, you gotta figure that out on your own. Yeah, we are curious creatures.

Matthias Miller  06:36
We are curious creatures.

Unknown Speaker  06:42
Um, find i

Matthias Miller  07:08
All right, I wanted to get our heads together on Anna's email. Okay? I

Matthias Miller  07:26
Yeah, I don't know. So post podcast, if there's something to invite these people into, what is it? We've talked about a one day in person. We've talked about multi week virtual

Unknown Speaker  07:58
I don't know. Do you have do

Speaker 1  07:59
well, let's get let's go. Let's go back to the to the original call the original motivation, the thing that was inspired. So that thing that was inspired in You originally. What was that thing? I

Speaker 1  08:50
you felt like, God really was laying something before you. There was there's a call, there was a mission, a goal.

Unknown Speaker  09:02
Yeah, so

Matthias Miller  09:15
there were a handful of things I

Matthias Miller  09:35
coming back from vacation in July and feeling like can't go back into the same things, saying they can't stay where I've been, right? I put together these sanctuary days, and then kind of I.

Speaker 2  10:00
I gotten some rave feedback.

Matthias Miller  10:12
Didn't know how to get more of them.

Unknown Speaker  10:17
I had this

Matthias Miller  10:20
wake up in the middle of the night, kind of thing about going into corporate, which still remains a giant mystery, around what it is and timing of it, and what that's supposed to look like. Um,

Speaker 1  10:59
so we'd seen the Christian business space, and the dissatisfaction with that and how it's not serving those people who really, really need it. I

Matthias Miller  11:18
don't know if my vision is completely bold or correct, but,

Matthias Miller  11:36
okay, there's urine. Is a little bit of a challenge to know.

Matthias Miller  11:50
Sometimes my brain is such a stir fry of ideas that it's really hard for me to stay anchored to one. Yeah, I

Unknown Speaker  11:56
get it.

Matthias Miller  12:01
So just some observations, it's weird that I should connect with

Matthias Miller  12:15
a Brazilian Buddhist because I want a stillness practice that suits me and allows me to connect with God my way, and I don't know where else to find it, and I'm not looking to become a Buddhist, right? But there are some things about Buddhism that are reflective of greater T, truth, capital T, truth that are not being discussed and talked about. I have a friend of mine that are just actually connected, quite strangely, with an Orthodox Christian. On Friday, we've had conversations about Theosis and you and I, in various forms, not really interested in becoming an Orthodox Christian and able to benefit from this,

Matthias Miller  13:19
there's undeniable transformation that I've experienced as a result of that, as well as new ways of learning to engage with my emotions, also growing realization, I think it had always in my head been way more connected to my emotions than I actually was. Didn't realize that how I think unnatural it is for me to because I I felt like I understood other people's emotions so well. I just assumed they understood my own and then

Speaker 2  14:04
kind of takes it right back in my face to recognize it.

Matthias Miller  14:10
Yeah, really horrible.

Speaker 1  14:14
There was so much energy put towards understanding, interpreting and guiding yourself through or around other people's emotions. There wasn't space to actually feel what you feel until it just boiled over in those times where I couldn't contain it anymore, and so it would boil over, release, release some steam, and then back to interpreting and analyzing, and

Unknown Speaker  14:43
it's very managing.

Matthias Miller  14:48
So in the grand business landscape, you want to talk kind of ready. Red ocean, blue ocean, type of stuff

Unknown Speaker  14:57
like i. I mean, I just talked

Matthias Miller  15:01
to another friend of mine on Friday. He's in the middle of a desert they're running this got 20 to 30 employees. They cut costs by 20% and moved outsourced a bunch to Mexico and all this stuff. And guess what? Revenue drops by 20% the only way they can see really getting into a favorable position as a company is to there's another company acquiring one of their competitors, which they're looking at doing. He's not paying himself. He's a minority shareholder. So he's he's got all the he's got all the dynamics of working with partners and plus being a minority. But he also made the observation that even as a majority shareholder, it's like still so little about business that you literally control. We would like to think we do, but something of this guy, I think of another friend of mine grew up fundamental, very fundamental Christianity.

Unknown Speaker  16:23
She's

Matthias Miller  16:27
very, very much into,

Unknown Speaker  16:35
I don't know. I

Matthias Miller  16:35
wouldn't, in some ways, I wouldn't say that she's necessarily Woo. She's, I would not call yourself Christian, isn't looking for is looking outside of the traditional business thing. I

Speaker 1  17:04
It seems, the theme of what you're talking about is this stuff transcends business principles. There are, there's a certain amount of that there, of course, but these are very human experiences. All of these are very human experiences, and to provide people a human connection within this environment is a powerful thing.

Matthias Miller  17:37
Yeah, this, this guy on Friday, spent the whole hour talking about just his life, what he was going through, what he was experiencing, his thoughts, things he's been thinking to solve it, all this kind of stuff. And gets to the end and apologize for not listening, or for not, you know,

Unknown Speaker  17:55
anymore for me, when I was like, it's fine, like,

Speaker 1  18:00
you obviously had a lot to process. Obviously had a

Matthias Miller  18:03
lot to process.

Speaker 1  18:10
That's the thing right there. How many people using his, him, him as an archetype? How many people like that? Have you talked to over the last year,

Matthias Miller  18:28
probably, probably a lot, if I would actually

Unknown Speaker  18:33
stop think about it.

Matthias Miller  18:41
I had a friend of mine. I also spoke with Friday was like my catch up with people die. He

Matthias Miller  18:51
has a spiritual mentor, Dr

Unknown Speaker  18:55
Gary Wolf, I think. And

Matthias Miller  18:58
he talked about how, every time he talks, has a conversation with this guy, it's like his consciousness opens up. And every time that he creates distance or doesn't have a conversation with this guy, goes back down. So he's hosting another event. He hosted an event, private event, only charging $1,000 per ticket, and came up like two or three grand short, and he was thinking about how he lost money on the event, and he said, then he realized that this was his contribution to humanity, and he gave two to 3000 to the world to help this become a reality for people. And he teared up. He was

Unknown Speaker  19:47
very deeply moved by it.

Speaker 1  19:50
All a matter of perspective, right? All about perspective, how we choose to see things. I.

Unknown Speaker  20:21
It. That's what

Speaker 1  20:23
that's what piqued my curiosity from the beginning. That's what I'm in and for, is these types of conversations, the deeply human conversations, and business is part of that. Certainly, family is a part of that. Church is a part of that. No church is part of that. Like all of these deeply human experiences, can we wade into these places with these people, not as some sort of Messiah figure, as some sort of faith save here, but as Yeah, I get it. I'm here. I've been here. I'll be here again. This is very, very relatable. You're not alone. To me, that's The power. You're not alone. You

Speaker 1  21:46
I think it's hard because life continues marching on as you're walking into this place. There's bills to pay, there's sleepless nights, there's all of these things that still happen as I have this dream, as I have this this call like it doesn't hit pause and develop this and then it play like this happens all at The same time.

Unknown Speaker  22:15
Right for all of us,

Matthias Miller  22:22
is there a

Matthias Miller  22:28
mentor who specialized actually, I think some studies in college? I'm not sure exactly, but everything she talked about she framed in the context of human development. She talked about businesses as, this is actually a really interesting conversation, but businesses as as children, and there's some children who, like, you have a kid with a fever wake up with fever in the middle of the night screaming, yep, you're gonna pay attention to that kid, and the kid who wakes up because he's got the munchies for Cookie, you're just gonna be like, go back to sleep. Like, this is right. So

Matthias Miller  23:22
I think two questions for myself is, how can I create a container, appropriate container? Maybe containers in the right term? Maybe it is, I don't know. I

Matthias Miller  23:43
Okay, create appropriate space for this to be able to develop.

Matthias Miller  23:54
And I mean, is it okay? I mean, I think it's more than okay. But I

Matthias Miller  24:06
I had to manage this place of having

Matthias Miller  24:14
the advantage of the shed stuff, building out the shed stuff as it gives me something that I can do, hopefully without putting too much thought into it, and actually have a sustainable way to but then for this, can we? There's a question, how does this fit into my world? And every once in a while, I will let my world get incredibly messy and have this compulsion to tidy it up and figure out what's working. What's that

Unknown Speaker  24:50
right? And

Unknown Speaker  24:53
there's no shame in

Matthias Miller  24:56
that. That's just life being.

Speaker 1  24:58
Human being. Now this got messy all of a sudden. Not bad, messy, just like a lot of factor ones. Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  25:12
So then on the you know, what does the what do these conversations? Are these conversations? Like, what's the Okay, so, so, back to the core, core, authentic human, real conversations where you can be yourself and don't have to pretend, and you can see how your experience is a very human experience. So then the next question is, what is the container for these conversations?

Unknown Speaker  25:55
Brilliant questions.

Matthias Miller  25:59
Think of Jesus and the wine skins. Because if you put in, if you put, I mean, this is, you know, perhaps taking it past the, all, all the theologians are going to have a heart attack by me saying this. But, you know, this is not an accurate interpretation, but,

Speaker 1  26:18
but it's one of my favorite things to give theologians heart attacks. So,

Matthias Miller  26:22
Fair enough. Fair enough. I mean, but fundamentally, the right drink needs to get in the right cup, right? You don't, you just, you don't put Starbucks in the cup. You just help. I mean,

Unknown Speaker  26:35
right, exactly, exactly. Not going to work out too well. It's

Matthias Miller  26:41
not going to work out too well.

Speaker 1  26:44
This is part of the beautiful process. I mean, it really is. Is like in these beginning stages, I have this thing, I have this idea, and I'm wrestling with it, and what does it look like, and how do these conversations transpire? And it's just part of the wrestling that happens.

Speaker 1  27:16
I truly believe, if not, if you're not you, but if we're afraid of the wrestling of the refining of the release of control,

Unknown Speaker  27:33
this is never going to go anywhere. There has to be that curiosity and the understanding that God is doing something here, and I don't know what it is, but I'm on board,

Speaker 1  27:56
and I've lived for so long in that space, well over a decade that it's hard for it becomes hard for me

Unknown Speaker  28:09
to

Speaker 1  28:12
or not hard, because I get it, but I lose sight of not everybody has lived in this space of tension for as long as I have, right? That everybody's walked in the desert first,

Speaker 1  28:30
that's fair, better remind myself consistently that, hey, these desert season, these things that happen, these are normal part of development, right? There's a sacred and holy space speaking of these conversations, where people show up and not to get anything from anyone, but to just be together like you were talking about that, that person who who sat with their spiritual mentor, and in sitting there, things just started to open up. That only happens when you're sitting in the presence of somebody who doesn't want anything from you, doesn't want to take anything from you. Wants to experience something with you. That's what I'm talking about. A group of people who want to experience this season of life, this time together, not to take from it, but to be with it.

Matthias Miller  29:57
Could it be as simple as.

Unknown Speaker  30:05
I have a very, very simple idea.

Matthias Miller  30:10
This might be the most horrible time for everybody, but it could be a simple invitation to people to join our Monday morning calls. Yeah,

Speaker 1  30:21
yes, as simple as that, yes, everything starts with an invitation to a conversation,

Matthias Miller  30:38
and if it's really that?

Unknown Speaker  30:44
Do we? Here's the pragmatic,

Unknown Speaker  30:54
I don't know.

Matthias Miller  30:55
Does that involve

Unknown Speaker  30:59
compensation? Is this just showing up?

Matthias Miller  31:04
What will be? Will be?

Speaker 1  31:15
Do any of us honestly answer that question? I does this involve compensation? What does this look like? Honestly, nobody, none of us, knows, right? There's almost a there's not almost, there's a faith in, hey, I'm feeling this poll, so I'm going to make myself open to this opportunity, and we'll see what happens. There's 1,000,001 different ways there could be compensation that comes out of this for everybody involved, whether it's networking, whether, I don't know, but if that's our focus going in, Is the compensation, then we've lost the beauty of it.

Unknown Speaker  32:23
Right?

Speaker 1  32:28
Is there certain conversations that you have that you have no idea where they're gonna trend, where they're gonna go, like that conversation that I had with with Arlen, you know, was it a few weeks ago? No idea where that was going to go, what was going to happen, just just, just like, hey, I'm sit across from you and hear your story and see what happens. I have no expectation of where that goes. But we're in an email conversation now, and he's trying to wrestle with things, and it's great. I'm sitting there with him. I'm we're having these conversations. I have no idea what's going to come from that.

Unknown Speaker  33:14
Yeah?

Speaker 1  33:16
Because I think baseline for me, the call is to love, yeah, to know. So I'm just seeking to know Him to the extent that he'll allow me to on this level at this time, and we'll see what God does with that, With the knowing that's up to him. Hey,

Unknown Speaker  33:48
so

Speaker 1  33:59
I I personally believe we like to complicate things, to move them forward faster, or to make something happen out of whatever. Whatever we believe should be happening. And I think we twist ourself up and not with that process. And I say we intentionally, because we all do it.

Matthias Miller  35:04
So I have a Okay, so I have a proposal, okay, requires me. I a little side note, I had a great conversation with Audra on Friday, and she's somewhere along the lines. She's like, Why are you touching your email and why are you still doing all this stuff? Because I've done it for how many other people, and the only reason you're still doing it and I'm not, is because you just haven't let me yet.

Unknown Speaker  35:47
I was like, I love it.

Matthias Miller  35:52
So here's what I would propose, which, okay, so my impatience doesn't like it because I like, I like to move fast and create chaos in my life that way. Yes, because you're human, because I'm human. So my proposal would be, what if, what are your Thursdays? Well, actually, let me just shut up. My proposal is this, shut

Unknown Speaker  36:19
up. Shut up.

Matthias Miller  36:23
I am throwing up my hands and saying, maybe it's better if Badra helps organize my life. What if we find a 90 minute slot, whether it's Monday morning? I think there could actually be benefit in us still continuing to have kind of a standing call just for us on this project,

Unknown Speaker  36:45
I think so

Matthias Miller  36:47
and so, see if we can find another 90 minute slot and and we start figuring out how many people we went in there, and anybody who expressed interest in the red pill stuff, yep, and anybody else just show up. Yep. Here's what we're doing, authentic human conversations, and we don't know what's going to come of it, or where it's going to go, but Yep, and so the offer, then

Unknown Speaker  37:27
on the well, I

Matthias Miller  37:52
does it make sense to do more with the podcast than just since we're engaging with Josh's team, let's go get everything set up and does it make sense to you if we, if we can fill this one group organically? I mean, Arlen, for example, I don't know if you've got other people, Ireland, for example, which could be another individual who might be interested in something like this. All right,

Speaker 1  38:22
yeah, I've got it. I've got a ton of people who would be interested in a conversation like this, from all different walks of life.

Matthias Miller  38:30
Okay, here's another question. So a friend of mine who does this,

Matthias Miller  38:41
you really are going to appreciate this. I mean, you know how here let me, let me see if, let me see if I can do this, and just know where we'll do it like this. You know how marketers like love to call these things funnels? Uh huh. I mean, cattle shoots, whatever, right? His anyway, his basic approach is, go do a podcast and get a list of people and do podcasts, and then when you find somebody, invite them into a single,

Unknown Speaker  39:26
four person,

Matthias Miller  39:28
it's like, I think it's like, I have to go check. I think it's more than I'm quite willing to commit. But

Unknown Speaker  39:38
Kevin Thompson, and around table.

Speaker 2  39:46
Okay? April, 19, 2023 Wow. It's been a bit.

Matthias Miller  40:01
Oh, he does it for two and a half hours. That's his methodology, four person, 2.5 hours. And then he takes them to the same format. So this is, this is free, and everything is, I'm not, there's a reason for this, way too much context, probably. But whatever this is for you, for people,

Unknown Speaker  40:35
different each time,

Matthias Miller  40:38
different people each time,

Unknown Speaker  40:39
okay,

Matthias Miller  40:41
and then, and then there's the paywall. So cough up the money. Yeah, and then it's a month, monthly where people rotate. It's once per month, rotate each quarter, yeah.

Speaker 2  41:00
My thought

Matthias Miller  41:05
was, there's any number of ways we could do this. The only thought was I had kind of this assumption that, well, let's go find out. Find people who'd want to show up almost every week. But you could also

Matthias Miller  41:29
have people show up on time,

Unknown Speaker  41:36
or you could

Matthias Miller  41:43
put people on a little email list, this sounds also like an odd question, and have them register. And just get registrations at six people and whoever says, I mean, whoever's going to be there is

Unknown Speaker  41:58
going to be there. Over complicating. Complicated.

Speaker 1  42:04
Yeah, I mean to simplify it as much as possible, to make it as organic as possible, like something that really appeals to me is and has from the beginning in our Monday morning conversations, recording these, putting it in a transcript, AI spits out the conversation, and then there's a record of that, whether that looks like, you know, a website, or it Looks like published somehow, somewhere, like these conversations are powerful, right? And we have to have a record of what's happening here, right? Because the things we're talking about, there's no and we have a big picture goal that we're working towards, but in the midst of that big picture goal, that trajectory, there's these really holy and sacred concepts that are coming up just from you sharing your viewpoint and your thought process, and me sharing my viewpoint and my thought process. And I think that's the organic way to say, hey, we're having these conversations. You want to be in this conversation, by all means, welcome.

Matthias Miller  43:28
And then that becomes the Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  43:35
that's the funnel.

Speaker 1  43:42
And let, let the let the assistant run with the details on communication and how to get that out there and all that kind of stuff. Like our job is here to have these conversations Do.

Unknown Speaker  44:03
Let me, let me outline for her. I

Unknown Speaker  46:07
Sorry, I'm getting All

Unknown Speaker  46:15
right, I'm

Unknown Speaker  46:32
minute, weekly time slot i

Matthias Miller  47:10
Are we targeting? Talked about the fun magic number 1210, additional guests?

Unknown Speaker  47:21
Yeah, I would say Less 10 or less. I

Matthias Miller  48:23
Yeah, once, somehow the dam broke and I shot her, like, probably 20 messages. Things were like, Hey, there's this to see after this, to see after this, to see after This, to see after hopefully She's prepared For this. I

Matthias Miller  49:43
And are you on board with waiting to launch, actually launch the stories from the desert podcast until early next year? Oh, yeah. Okay.

Speaker 1  49:54
I personally think that was a step ahead of where we're at, which is. Is totally okay. Like to explore it. I just don't think we're there yet. I think if we may get there at some point, like, for me, what it looks like is like I was talking about these organic conversations just happened, the transcripts from, you know, we use that as a tool, and maybe even, like, the video of these conversations, you know, being put on to YouTube or something like that, like, just very organic, and then seeing where it goes from there.

Matthias Miller  50:29
The biggest question I have with putting like you're in my conversations, yes, if they're edited, brute conversations becomes a little bit of a different Right, right, right? No, for sure, I actually have it. I know a guy. I have been rabbit trail. Every once in a while I fall into the oh, what do people say? You know? What? Do people have to say about other folks who've been pegged with similar personality types? Allegedly, I had charm and I collect people like magnets and or a hoarder. I don't really know which kind of a inherent networker. I don't know they gave me a while to even appreciate the term networking, because it feels so whatever.

Unknown Speaker  51:29
But, yeah,

Speaker 1  51:32
but there's this guy, a little bit in that comes into my mouth when I hear the term networking. He's like, there's nothing I would like to do less

Matthias Miller  51:44
well. I have fun with it. It's just a matter of making it be productive. That's been the challenge, right,

Speaker 1  51:50
right? That's, that's my thing is, like, if it's simply about us sitting across from each other, getting to know each other, What? What? Right, our strengths. Like, yeah, I'm all in. But the the cocktail party with the hey, here's my business car, like, oh, one,

Matthias Miller  52:11
oh, I met you at this you had this meeting in the afterwards, they're like, oh, we should meet for coffee. Okay, sure. What do you do? Something completely unrelated, in no way that it's ever going to be useful or of service to Me and or to the people I'm connected with. Very interesting. The cafe was good, but Right? You wasted my time. Still going

Speaker 1  52:31
to try and make you believe that what I do is beneficial to you, right?

Matthias Miller  52:36
Because it's a numbers game. Yeah. Anyway,

Matthias Miller  52:47
but what I was trying to say was, there's this guy who found a really cheap way to take, well, I need to figure out exactly what he's doing. But, but promote social media content online, and I think he could be a really great person to or maybe maybe an interesting person to use for promoting this. I

Matthias Miller  53:55
in the interest of getting the tech stuff set up, would it make sense to have I I mean, once, one simple option would be to set up a Kevin dot printer at stories in the desert, their stories from the desert.com and create like a hosts at that forwards To each of us.

Speaker 1  54:17
Yeah. Okay, that makes sense. I

Matthias Miller  55:09
The basic offer at the end. Now let's go back to her email. I

Matthias Miller  55:38
were they both? I Think the posting thing Is I

Matthias Miller  57:00
i on this other stories from the desert. I guess the real question is, do we Want to spend the time?

Unknown Speaker  57:22
Since So I

Unknown Speaker  57:45
here,

Unknown Speaker  57:56
recording this. VSL I

Matthias Miller  58:08
I mean, we couldn't really get set up for both of us to host

Unknown Speaker  58:12
if we're looking to defer.

Matthias Miller  58:16
Do we want to put a three to five minute video? Here is their outline, which you will really appreciate, which is all your very classic marketing kind of stuff.

Matthias Miller  58:34
But I think it could be adapted in some way to be i i think

Matthias Miller  58:47
it could be that in some way. Do we want to put that together now? Do we just want to

Speaker 1  58:57
my honest my honest thought is, is to put that on hold until we get there, yep, because I think it's complicating it.

Matthias Miller  59:12
I would agree. Yeah,

Speaker 1  59:16
I would agree. Because I think for all of us, and we talked about this just a little bit earlier, like we get this idea, and we get excited, and then we just run ahead and we create this busy work. And not that it won't be good, because it could be, could be very good, but in the process, right? I

Speaker 2  59:47
i That's what I think you're right. So

Unknown Speaker  59:56
let's just allow the process to play out.

Unknown Speaker  59:58
Yep, I. It

Unknown Speaker  1:00:06
sounds good.

Speaker 1  1:00:08
All right, my friend. All right, this is a productive morning. This

Matthias Miller  1:00:13
is a productive morning. All right, not much else to do until Audrey comes up for air and can help us sort through

Unknown Speaker  1:00:21
stuff, right?

Matthias Miller  1:00:27
And that's the way it should be. All right. Well, have a fantastic Monday, and we'll talk this afternoon. Okay,

Speaker 1  1:00:39
sounds good? All right, thanks, Kevin. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai