Matthias Miller  00:01
We're gonna kickstart this way. I mean, where we left it was about this, getting people to experience a day in the life of in career stuff. Yeah, yeah. And that there might actually be a way to integrate it,

Speaker 1  00:17
like, create something out of that. Create something out of that. I guess the details are not important. But well, you know, they

Unknown Speaker  00:27
already you Yeah, like,

Speaker 1  00:28
how would you make it any different? How would I make it any different thing than it, than the other shows? Well, you know, I would be the one that makes the difference. But I

Matthias Miller  00:44
think there's a few questions. One, are You doing a show? Oh, or is there a scaled back version, like, okay, and we take this idea, oh, break it down into its parts, walk over into or make it into a business, or make it into a business, or what first before that, walk it over into your role as career counselor. Start, what does it flesh out? What it looks like in this space, okay? And then maybe there's a second iteration that makes it a business, and a third iteration that

Unknown Speaker  01:18
makes it a Okay, a show, right? It

Unknown Speaker  01:20
could be or it could be straight up, a show. Makes sense. I

Speaker 1  01:22
do see that. You know that there could be the pathway, start small, go, go from

Unknown Speaker  01:29
there, see where to

Speaker 1  01:34
it is true, though. It's like every kind of like every job you have, network and you, you grow from that into the next thing, the next thing. So it's like the same thing with the idea, I'm gonna go, I

Speaker 2  01:57
want to go into unique ability a little bit. We'll come, we'll towards the end, we'll try to move more into the tactical piece. Mm, hmm. Tactical piece.

Matthias Miller  02:05
There were things you agreed with, things that you disagreed with, things that jumped out at me, that I thought were spot on, even reading it this morning, was your empathy and care for people. But I didn't know you well enough for some of the things, some of the things, some of the other things, I was curious, what you specifically agreed with and disagreed with, on it, on that, on that, on the unique ability responses.

Unknown Speaker  02:28
Can I Have a good

Unknown Speaker  02:39
yeah, I

Speaker 1  03:13
Oh, yeah, I think the part that my communication skills, that's A big thing for him to say, he said that I would offer that your communication skills are also taught not to navigate soldier issues with clarity and compassion, ensuring their needs are met effectively. Customer service. Yeah, your commitment to outstanding customer service shines through every interaction, and it sets a great example for the teams. But, yeah, so basically, like, I there was something that I had, like, what is it? There was something that I had a conclusion I came to a while back that I

Speaker 1  04:02
was a phrase that I came up with, but that I that I look I see every single person as like I I treat everyone like the same. I guess I don't know that's not the right word. I had something that was really, really smart, actually, that I came up with that was a good overview of how I treat people, but I always just try to give the best to each person, and I just replicate it every time and and I don't like I life, I feel like everybody deserves that, and also it gives me the ability to because each Oh, because each person is so individually important in their own way, everybody has a specific piece of the pie of God's plan. And I feel like, in that moment, in that time, you know, don't like, miss the opportunity to be the best version of who God created be, you know, to help that person with what they need, and maybe inspire them in some way, you know, help them see something in themselves that they may not see.

Matthias Miller  05:28
So do you agree with the community, community, communication skills, statement, or do you disagree? Okay, so what are the things you disagree on,

Unknown Speaker  05:38
and his statement, or all of them? Oh,

Speaker 1  05:50
and then the also, the thing I agree is, he said, your ability to interact with people and give them a sense of calm and belonging. You have an innate ability to inspire people, yes, by your unique kindness, and that that, that that statement is, is really good. It's true. I agree with that completely. Um,

Speaker 1  06:23
I don't know if I'm a quick learner, though I'm not really sure about that. I think I am, I think that I am, but I'm not. I can't really think of any specific moments where I never had another question about something again. So I'm not really sure about that, because I Yeah. Do

Matthias Miller  06:44
you frequently ask the same question two times?

Speaker 1  06:48
No, I don't think so. Because every situation, well, every situation came might be a little bit different, so I may have to ask just in case it's not exactly the same, right? Just to make sure I let I do a lot of confirming, because I don't want to mess up. So I always ask the expert. I always go to the one who knows, like I'm gonna go to the best, yeah, because I want the right answer, right? And a lot of times, for the sake of time, I will just ask. And sometimes that's not always the right answer, but I should be. And then sometimes I'm not able to contact the person, so I have to go and do my own research and figure it out. And then sometimes I figure it out, and I'm like, Hey, man, I'm good, thanks. Figured it out, yep, but it's a lot of times I go. I almost automatically, not all the time, trying to get away from it a little bit, but automatically go to the person that I know will know, and I'll ask them, because I want to get done, because I don't want to like because it's faster than me having to research and figure it out. And sometimes I don't have a chance. I don't know that. Sometimes I just do it because I I have the time where I want to right, right, or I have no choice. But I think also the reason why I like to ask questions, because I like that it creates, um, it sounds bad. It's kind of a needy relationship, but it establishes a connection.

Unknown Speaker  08:22
It's not the ways of needing you,

Unknown Speaker  08:25
because you're always asking for something from someone else.

Unknown Speaker  08:30
What if they need to be asked? Well,

Speaker 1  08:32
maybe it's teaching them something too, you're right. I guess it's symbiotic. Maybe, yeah, yeah, because it also benefits them too. Because if they needed something, they could ask me

Speaker 2  08:41
or what? What makes something needy versus symbiotic?

Unknown Speaker  08:45
Um, what does that? What does symbiotic mean?

Matthias Miller  08:50
Symbiotic means there's something in it for both people, mutual benefit, mutual benefit. There you go. That's a good word, needy versus mutual

Speaker 1  09:01
benefit. I I mean, I guess in my mind, if I'm the only one receiving the information, then it's only to my benefit. But sometimes it may not be true, you know, maybe it confirmed them that what they knew already, or who knows I don't know. But that's how I see it is. Like, if I'm asking for something, it's because it means I'm benefiting and you're not. That's how I see it, yeah, because, because I'm not normally the one asking for I don't really ask for things that much unless I'm at work. So, like, I guess, or well, I'm at when I'm at home, I don't ask for things unless I need money or something. And I'll ask, but I don't want to, but I will, but I know that, like, like, before it was easy for me to ask money because he thought, because that was because he knew I was making more. Now he doesn't know. So when I do ask, he's like, Oh, well, you know, I don't know if you know, if you're be able to pay me back. And so he doesn't want to, like, give it to me, which sucks, because I know I'm gonna have it, but I can't tell him that, right? So it's kind of a weird situation. But anyway, I don't know where I'm going at with that, but um, so, so yeah, I feel like, I feel like that I'm being a bother, you know, kind of sometimes I'm asking the depending if I ask the same, if I was the same person, a lot of questions, I feel like, like I'm bothering them or so here's but then again, at the same time, I want an answer, so I I just be like, I always say, I'm sorry. I hope you know. Okay,

Matthias Miller  10:51
two things, yeah, two things for context. And we really need to get in the Colby, because this would help answer some of, some of that thing, the bother side of things. You know, what I hear, what I learned, what I saw, when I read through this,

Unknown Speaker  11:06
what

Matthias Miller  11:07
I saw. A lot of people, who were? They

Speaker 1  11:09
all kind of said the same thing, yeah, but go ahead

Unknown Speaker  11:13
and they all saw leadership,

Speaker 1  11:17
yeah, yeah, yeah. Right, how does that land? Good? I mean, confirming, affirming.

Speaker 2  11:40
A lot of them looked up to you. Look up to you. Most of them, all of them

Speaker 1  11:44
interesting. That's an interesting perspective. Do you disagree? I guess I never thought about it that way, but I'd have to read it again to see

Unknown Speaker  11:52
that top notch. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  11:56
that's really big, right? It's

Matthias Miller  11:57
one of two things, yeah, it's either looking up to you if you're better than me, and I don't I don't have an ego to hide behind. First of all, if I have an ego to hide behind, I'm not calling you top notch. I'm calling you Okay, right, yeah, right, yeah. But if I don't have an ego and you're better than me, I'm calling you top notch. If I know that I'm top notch and I'm calling you top notch, that means we're peers. Oh, so it's either respect. It's respect either way. Wow, it's respect either as a peer or respect as we see these qualities. We really look up to you because of these qualities, right?

Speaker 1  12:33
Yeah, I think the one who said top notch, that was some, that was the one I said was a really great leader. Yeah, that's him.

Matthias Miller  12:39
So you had a really great leader telling you, right, that you're top notch, yeah. So what is it like when somebody that you respect and admire or even look up to comes to you with a question, what is it like for you,

Unknown Speaker  13:02
what does it look like? Yeah, how

Unknown Speaker  13:04
do you experience it?

Unknown Speaker  13:05
Oh, man, that's

Unknown Speaker  13:06
good. What's like,

Speaker 1  13:09
exciting, uh, it's honor. It's, it's um, honor, like, it's flat, flattering. Maybe it makes me feel that I have something good to offer, that they looking to me for that, and that they depend on me, that they that they can depend on me, and that they know that I'm gonna give them a good answer. I mean it. Man, it's motivating. Some other word, fulfilling, yeah, I mean, it's, I guess it's exciting, because it's a challenge for to give it to someone that is so respected, because I want to give them the best and, yeah, I want to show them what I may have, I guess.

Matthias Miller  14:17
So what about when there's somebody who's less experienced than you, comes to you for your input, advice, perspective, comes to you with the question, how do you experience that?

Speaker 1  14:32
I give them my best, the same as if I was does

Unknown Speaker  14:36
it? Do you like it?

Unknown Speaker  14:37
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  14:38
What is that? Yeah. It

Unknown Speaker  14:40
happens all the time. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  14:42
I mean, but yeah.

Speaker 1  14:43
I mean, I, I do you reset that if they ask me, no, I love it. I love when people ask me things, I love it. They ask me questions because it's it shows me what I know and gives me an opportunity to share what I know and help someone help someone out. You know, it's exciting. It's like a like you were saying multiplier.

Matthias Miller  15:13
So have you considered that not everyone's experience of you asking questions is the same as your husband's experience of you asking questions.

Unknown Speaker  15:24
Yeah, no, I just never got away.

Matthias Miller  15:27
Imagine all the emotions, flattery, pride, sense of worth, sense of value, sense of contribution. Every time go to them, yeah, you're giving them a gift. Oh, I

Unknown Speaker  15:42
never thought about it that way.

Matthias Miller  15:45
That's crazy. You're not a pain in the ass to everybody. Oh, in fact, you're not a pain in the ass to most people. That's true. Yeah, right,

Unknown Speaker  15:54
yeah, you're absolutely right.

Matthias Miller  15:58
And your ability to ask who said this? Somebody here, you know this, I thought somebody even said it your ability to ask good questions.

Unknown Speaker  16:07
Oh, yeah,

Matthias Miller  16:10
the very act of you coming to somebody and asking them a good question earns respect in their mind,

Speaker 1  16:18
right? Because they respect the fact that you care enough to ask,

Matthias Miller  16:24
ask and to do it right? Yeah, it's part of what makes you a quick learner. Oh, it's not that you don't ask questions. Is that you ask the right questions, right? And you get to the root of it, yeah? And you figure it out. He makes you do it right the first time. And you're not there, and you're being transparent and honest and raw, right? You're not saying. You are not going to tell it, I got it. If you don't got it, right, you're going to ask questions until, yeah, there's no BS, ing, there's no right, right?

Speaker 1  16:58
It also depends on the person, though, I think sometimes that can be intimidated by certain people. It depends, though. I mean, generally, like, like, a like, the battalion commander, like, I may be a little bit hesitant to say certain things because I'm not around him. Like, right? I don't have that established trust. Like, yeah, all right, so let's but I feel like the more that I grow in my confidence, and the more that it's easier for me to not see rank or anything like that, that's what I want, yeah, to Be that person.

Matthias Miller  17:32
Yeah, very simple tip. So, whether, whether, whether it's this leader, or whether it's somebody else who's one of the per one of the people that you feel most comfortable in the world, sharing anything you need to with,

Unknown Speaker  17:59
who's the one person in

Matthias Miller  18:02
the world, yeah, that you can be most yourself with and most transparent with, and most comfortable in your own skin,

Unknown Speaker  18:13
my mom.

Speaker 1  18:19
My mom. Sometimes I don't want to tell her, because she gets, I know her responses on certain things. I'm like, I don't want to tell her that because she's just gonna give me a hard time or something. But how can I be the most comfortable with I'm really comfortable with everybody on it. I'm really comfortable with people I can I could say whatever. It's

Speaker 2  18:39
a very simple thing in those places where you're intimidated before you step into the situation,

Matthias Miller  18:46
you can take a moment place yourself mentally into the situation, whether it's your mom, take a moment in your imagination to imagine yourself having the conversation with your mom or whoever you think would be the most affirming and understanding in that situation. Does that make sense? Yeah, which puts you into the frame of mind? Okay, it's just a little, a little tool so that when you go into the intimidating meeting, when you're sitting across from somebody who is intimidating. You can see past that and have the conversation with them as if they were the person that comfortable with Does that make sense, right? Yeah, you're just, you're anchoring your brain in this state. This is what it feels like to have a safe, transparent conversation. And I'm just going to in my head, I'm going to go into this space, imagine it, and I'm going to go walk into the situation, and I'm just going to carry that same you're already very familiar with creating experiences, carrying it, you know, energy and all this stuff. I'm going to carry that experience into this space, yeah? And I'm going to have this conversation from that space, okay, does that make sense? Yeah, it

Speaker 1  20:01
does. I'm just trying to it's hard to imagine that feeling in front of someone that looks nothing like my mom. It's kind of hard, but I guess with practice, I mean practice maybe to do that, but I'm not very often in front of someone that I'm not comfortable with. Comfortable with, right? But yeah, I like that, though that's good. And the more that I'm put in that position, the more that it'll become, yeah, natural,

Matthias Miller  20:31
even something else, which probably isn't necessarily natural for you, but can be developed, and this is just if the shoe fits, yeah, but also taking time in mentally, role playing, exploring, envisioning meetings with this person as if you were, as if you were completely comfortable, yeah, and get yourself used to the I

Speaker 1  20:59
love that. I think I've done that before, as far as, like, even just giving a brief Yeah, or whatever, practicing it Yeah, and thinking about it over and over and over again, yeah, yeah. It helps a lot. So I'm gonna

Matthias Miller  21:13
dig into this, like, really, really briefly, probably not to the level of detail that you're gonna want, but there's books if you want to go down into the detail level. Here's the basic theory of mind, like what you told me. There's three things now, these aren't even big enough, so we're going to do this. So

Matthias Miller  21:50
it okay? So when you're striving to do something, there's a very important decision distinction here. There's hobbies, and we don't care about the outcome. It's just fun, whatever. That's not what we're talking about here. When you're trying to reach an outcome, there are three parts of the mind that are at work. Number one, first of all, do I want to do this? Want to has to do with emotions, affect, interests, motivation, those types of things. Yeah. So you know, cognitively, in your head, you know that I need to work out, but there's not enough. One two, the one two of working out versus not working out, isn't it enough to pull you over the edge, which is why I started pulling in other types of one two things like doing it with people yeah and yeah, wanting to let them down, right, and tapping into the one two, so that this, this thing gets put into motion.

Speaker 1  22:47
Okay, yeah. So you tie that with something that you really don't really want to do, but it'll make you go over the edge. Yeah, okay. And you try to, like, put it all into one kind of so it kind of becomes a package deal. It becomes package

Matthias Miller  23:04
deal, yeah, yeah. And then, and then the more. Again. This is me. I don't know that this is completely correct, whatever, but part of my decision, which is, I think, a complex riddle to solve, and I've been interested in solving it, so I have been working on it. Not everybody cares about it, but how can I integrate more and more of where it's it's it's less about using good motivation to or positive motivation to overcome negative motivation, and how do we just move more and more into the positive motivation, okay, where I'm just straight up, I'm doing like, everything that I do is set up in such a way that I want to do it. And yes, there are always like, there's always pushing, there's always going, going beyond that pushes us to be uncomfortable. But much of my life gets directed by curiosity, by by people, or your life, curiosity, people, all the things that drive you continually, where that becomes, it's almost like it becomes a little bit of a black hole that just wants to suck you in.

Unknown Speaker  24:13
You know, you saying it tie that, tying that to everything

Matthias Miller  24:16
into all of life. Okay, that's an extreme example. You don't have to go that extreme. Not everybody wants to, because there's, there's absolutely things that we do with willpower and all that stuff. Give me

Speaker 1  24:26
an example of that, like, besides, I guess you kind of did with the person and the work. Now,

Matthias Miller  24:33
sure, so, well, what's another thing you hate doing at work? You

Unknown Speaker  24:44
uh, um,

Speaker 1  24:48
that's a good I can find something that like, and everything, but I guess reaching out to the IR so we have to basically, kind of like, I don't know what the word is, what you call but we have to go. We have to call and email and message all these inactive reserve soldiers and try to get them to come back. And I think that's the only thing that I don't prefer doing, because it's you don't know, you don't know what you're gonna get back. Like, there could be, you know, it could be really mean. Or, I haven't experienced that yet myself, but, you know, they could be, it could just be, like, a huge waste of time, because nobody answers it, just, it's, what do they call that? Like, I don't know if the word is right, crapshoot. You just don't know, like, what this is gonna be the result and, and it could put a lot of effort in for nothing. And so I kind of don't really like that, because there's no, there's not, there's an unknown, positive feedback, like, if it's even be worth it, like, and I guess I like better. I mean, that's exciting too, because when you do win, it's like, yes, you know, it's exciting, but there's more you have to put more time and effort into it. So it's a little bit more less of a it's less a draw for me. Yeah, yeah, over, you know, working with soldiers I already know or that I'm going to be able to see that we're just trying to keep them in that's easier, because when they're more I have a lot of yeses in that arena. The other one is, you know, unknown, yeah. And not only that, but we're, my whole battalion is we're all competing with the same individuals, like everyone can go after everybody. So it's a free for all. So any minute, someone could pull out of my my area, and that person's gone, and I can't say anything about it, right? So it's a lot less like, a lot more like pressure and time, you know, stress, like it, like, if you lose it, you lose it, and that's on you. So it's like, hot potatoes. You just gotta, like, I don't know, keep it, but um, so, yeah, I guess that's it. Um, with that, that's the thing I don't like doing any part of it's inefficient, smarter, because you're dealing with somebody, you have no clue about them besides what their profile says, but you don't know what they're gonna say, or you have to adjust, really, adjust to each person.

Matthias Miller  27:27
You don't have the chance to prepare beforehand. It's not like you can you do,

Speaker 1  27:32
but you can kind of look at what they're what they're qualified for, you know, what could be a possibility, but you don't know until you get them on the phone, like, what they want, really, or because you or if they'll even, I've known coworkers put all this work to get this person what they want, and then they just ghost them. And it's like, that sucks. Yeah, you know, to work hard for someone, and then they just never follow through. And so I just, I mean, yeah, so

Speaker 2  28:07
Okay, so here's, this is where I would see.

Matthias Miller  28:17
You love riddles. You love getting to the bottom of things you love understanding how things work. This is a, if you want to borrow language from business, this is a prospecting, qualifying, selling and closing

Unknown Speaker  28:38
right process. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  28:42
So what would it look like to you to trying to think of the right way to do this? I have no idea how much leeway you've got what this looks like, but you've got some kind of process already for reaching out, for doing this, right? Yeah, multiple, yeah, and, but, but there's, is there anything laid out about Okay? Is it just okay? Here's the list, go do whatever you want. Or is there any kind of process at all as far as well? Okay? Like, let's first start by by three phone calls, and then let's do an email, and then let's do a text message. Or like, is there any so

Speaker 1  29:22
everybody had, has their own way of doing it, and I still haven't established mine yet, but like, so we have a system, and it gives you a whole all the list of everyone, and it gives you their it's it's spotty, so sometimes there's no phone number, sometimes there's no email, or maybe the email doesn't work, or whatever. So you have to go searching other systems to figure out those, those so, like I have to use another system for that, and then you have to compile it, change it into different format, a CSV format, and then, depending on what you're trying to do, like, we have this program called Project broadcast, so you put, like, whatever message you want to send out, you compile, you make a an email, kind of, it's a message you can send it to. I've only sent it to phones. It's like a text message, sure. So you can send it to 150 people at one time, yeah, within like, 14 minutes, which is amazing. Yeah, it's so efficient, yeah, so that's really great, but you have to do the groundwork to get everything you know established, like, we, like, we have this system. I don't know you can probably, I'm still new to all this, that you can pull all these phone numbers like it's called um informian. Okay, so you just type the person's social in there, and then they pull up their all their personal information, like their phone number, their house address, email stuff like that. So and it goes off of, like, civilian stuff, like different phone companies and stuff like that. Sure. So it's like a people search

Matthias Miller  31:06
some actually, I'm moderately familiar with consumer databases as well. Oh, okay, stuff so,

Speaker 1  31:13
yeah, so it's cool. So that's why we have to do the work in order to be successful. Like you can still, you can do that without getting those information, but it's not you'll let you'll reach less people, obviously. So, I mean, that's, that's something that we can use, which is really cool, and then we can just make phone calls, and they really try to hit it at every angle, right? Project broadcast is good because it works on your behalf, while you can do other things, right? So it's cool, like, you don't have to, like, you can, you still have to make phone calls, but that can be done, like, later or something. So yeah, so that's cool. And then you can, obviously, they used to just do text by text by text, which kind of sucks. But, um, there's other ways. There's other systems doing it was like, maybe Google, like, Google cell phone or something. I never did it, sure, but that and there's, you can send it to emails. So it just depends on, like, I think, different audiences, yeah, yeah. And you can, you can structure it to go going towards like, Oh, I just want to go after these medical Moses, or I just want to go after jobs, or I just want to go after this rank of person, or whatever. So all right, there's a lot you can do with it. It's just, you just have to put in the work and make dedicate the time, even if it isn't that much time, but you still have to create the framework, right?

Matthias Miller  32:43
Have you had, and I don't know what you're able to have, but are you able to have any conversations with other people who are doing this?

Speaker 1  32:49
Yeah, I got trained by one that's like, super he's the one I call all the time. Have you he trained me, but we only did it for like, three days of training and briefings and stuff like that. So we didn't have that much time actually doing it, like, like, they call it a blitz, where we have to, like, we're basically doing the the prospecting job of reaching out and stuff. So I didn't really get to do it with him, although I had have a lot of like, so called processes and training and different things that we tools, yep. And

Matthias Miller  33:25
so were you learning from what's, what was his level of performance with it?

Speaker 1  33:30
Oh, my God, Beast. He's so good. So like, he's, he's crazy. He's like the one in 10 in the whole organization that, like the whole organization, which can really operate at that level, like he's crazy in it, he's amazing, like, I love that guy. He's a workaholic, self professed,

Unknown Speaker  33:55
yeah, yeah. I

Speaker 1  33:58
mean, I'm probably not going to be on his level, but at least something close to it would be great. So

Unknown Speaker  34:06
have you. But sorry,

Speaker 1  34:10
so like every year, they give you a mission of what's expected of you from numbers. And I have, like, one of the biggest missions in the whole, like battalion, like my whole probably, if not, the one the most. So it's just my I have 62 well, you don't really know, because you don't have a reference point, but 62 reenlistments total for the year. And some people have way less than that and and then I have like, 13 inactive transfers that I need to do. So my focus has been more on reenlistment, because I have so many. But then our battalion sergeant major was like, oh, all I care about is IRR transfers, which is in action rule. But I'm like, but that's not, that's like, you know, a quarter of my mission. So, yeah, it's just an idea, a quarter. So it's just frustrating. I'm just trying to be my best.

Unknown Speaker  35:12
Let me. Let me.

Unknown Speaker  35:18
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  35:20
okay, so this So fundamentally, you've got a top performer who's doing, and this is his process. I don't know what it is, but this is his process, yeah, and, and here is you, and you're trying to copy it, and this is your process, yeah, right. And some of these things can be copied, and you hate it, but it can be copied. You can write CSV stuff. You can do the you can copy his wording in the email, because where it's going to break down is when somebody's on the phone, right, right. That is a major variable in Yeah, right. Uh huh. Okay, so, so the way you would naturally do it, right, okay, for this to be, I would be surprised if you would ever, you're people oriented enough that I would be surprised if You would ever get super interested in well, actually, there is one aspect in it in which you would but, okay, exporting the CS, creating the CSV and doing the exports and searches. I'd be surprised if you would ever get to the point where

Speaker 3  36:35
you're like, right, yeah, okay. I mean, it's cool. Waste time consuming, you Yeah, so,

Matthias Miller  36:41
so I really don't know what to do with this. I think the one two, I think this is one one case where the One Two of completing the mission is more is what drives and I don't know how to flip that. So there are things that are outside of your control. The only way to do this is

Speaker 1  36:59
so you're saying phone calls would be better suited for me because it's more personal.

Matthias Miller  37:04
Well, if you can hit them, okay, so you're Are you? Do you have any okay, if you had somebody, this is how it could work. And I don't again, I don't know what you can get away with or do or not do. I have no idea if you got somebody else who's technically minded, yeah, he is, yeah, that you can, that you can swap some work with, yeah, we did it before. Yeah, you did so, like, that's one way to deal with this, yeah, hey, you do this,

Unknown Speaker  37:34
right? Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  37:36
So that's one way to deal with this. Now, the other thing is, how should you do this? I think the way you should do this is when you get get them on the phone. I don't know what his process is. His process could be completely different, but you do what you do every single day, which is, like, I am so curious about this person. Like, I want to know about you and and this might be weird. I want to know about your your family, your hobbies. I don't know what you need to ask. I want to know what success looks like for you. Like, what are you really

Speaker 1  38:10
aiming that's good. I like that and go, because then you focus in on what they want. And then you, instead of the fluff,

Matthias Miller  38:18
you are so ridiculously good at it. You show care and compassion and empathy and understanding and curiosity to these people. That's your superpower. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  38:31
so do it. Okay?

Matthias Miller  38:33
Show let this. This does not work for everybody, but it could work for you. What the question is, what does love look like as a recruitment strategy?

Speaker 1  38:47
That's a good yeah, you know, one thing I think that made me think of that is when I was in that class in April, it was the senior leaders force, is what I was, what I was in, and that was where I cried in front of my class a couple times, yeah. So we had this exercise where we had to come up with like words that words that mean, that they believe like relate to leadership, and everyone came up with different words or whatever. And mine was Love, yeah? Because I feel like, if you don't love people like, you can't be a good leader, yeah? Oh, it's like, ultimately, and every but you know what? Don't know? I don't think anyone's ever said that before, because as soon as I said it, one of my teammates, he erased it off the board. And he was like, Oh no, this is stupid. And I was like, and then they saw that the instructors, and they were like, No, put that back. Put that back. And I was like, it kind of hurt my feelings that he did that at first. And I was like, oh, man, you know, um,

Matthias Miller  40:03
sorry, get rare. Yeah. So, okay, then let's talk about what makes people backtrack. Okay, interest, intrinsic versus extrinsic motivation. Oh, so, okay, there's two sales cultures. I don't this. This is completely translates. There's two sales cultures in the world today, the most toxic sales culture right now. You know, used cars out there, but the online business world, online coaching world, has is notorious for one of the most toxic sales cultures. Oh, I've been there, whatever. I mean, I've been in this space. I know it, whatever.

Unknown Speaker  40:39
Here's

Matthias Miller  40:40
what happens. There is the, let's just call it the hard slash, real self, and there's the ego. And most sales is all ego driven, right? Oh, like you want the fancy car, since you can finally be somebody and you can and, oh, you talked about this. So I'm going to put this back into shame for you. Is that you're shamed into buying so that you actually go do something and then whatever, right? Which creates

Unknown Speaker  41:15
nebulation manipulation, yeah.

Matthias Miller  41:17
And so that's what happens, is if, if you have superficial buy in, that's why people ghost. One of the reasons, it's not the only reason, but in sales, one of the reasons people ghost is because, first of all, truth was never on the table, right? They were never free. It's two people pretending to be somebody that they're not, oh yeah, to get something that the other person doesn't want to give, right with the pretense of it being mutually beneficial? Yeah, right, yeah, but there's, but some of the best salespeople are people who are they're honest, right themselves? Yeah, curious about the other person, truthful, and I'm here without pretenses, and I give you and because of how I show up, I give you the opportunity to show up, and you don't have to lie to me, and it's just you and me. We're having a

Speaker 3  42:15
conversation, right? Yeah, and so it's a comfortable space be you and be real. So

Speaker 1  42:26
there's no expectations. No

Matthias Miller  42:29
expectations. Yeah, so one of the reasons why people flip and disappear and ghost people is because they do something and they knew it was a deal killer, right? But they didn't feel free to say no or to share what it was and share what was important. Okay, that makes sense, yeah? Like,

Speaker 1  42:50
I feel like you didn't really give a shit to why? Exactly, yeah, exactly. Because you can sense when someone just wants to make a sale or could care less about you, just a number.

Matthias Miller  43:02
And so if you use curiosity to get down into this, well, there's this thing that I really wanted, I mean, this is the thing that

Speaker 2  43:10
I really sticks out too far behind the passive firm. There's this thing I really wanted to do,

Matthias Miller  43:18
or this is like, I have this curiosity or this interest or this is what I didn't like about where I was. This is where like, like you can very transparently say, not just say, you can demonstrate it to them. Show your care, show your empathy, and your question is not trying to Okay, so this is all, I

Unknown Speaker  43:43
think, manipulative, you know, right?

Unknown Speaker  43:48
Yeah, you get it, yeah.

Matthias Miller  43:56
And this is you're not starting, and this is the assumption of this is all about get to the Yes, I like that. And then this is, this is starting from a place that I don't know. I don't know if there's a fit. I don't know if you belong here. I don't know I can give you what you want. I don't know if you can give me what what you want. You're wanting to know. You're wanting to know truth, and you're starting from a piece of not knowing an expiration Does that make sense?

Speaker 1  44:24
Yeah? Yeah. Either you at both sides, right? Yeah? And when you can

Unknown Speaker  44:29
show it completely as yourself,

Unknown Speaker  44:30
yeah,

Matthias Miller  44:34
you're not gonna win the way everybody else wins. You're gonna win your way. Okay, so let me give you another example.

Unknown Speaker  44:40
So don't try to be a cookie cutter. No. Career Counselor, I guess you could say, or recruiter,

Matthias Miller  44:47
no, yeah, and you're not the you're not the balls to the wall. Knock them down, drag them out, whatever, force them in person. Yeah, there are people who do that, and there are people who respond well to that, right? I think it's an inferior way to do it, but makes sense? Yeah, it does. So. I have a sister in sales. She used to drive all the other salespeople crazy because she did not sell like they did. They were all looking for the quick win, right? And she was always told me about her, yeah. So, so they had a rule that if you could buy, if somebody would buy more than $1,000 they were your customer. I think it was some threshold, $1,000 they were your customer. Okay, no sales person wanted to deal with just the $1,000 word. She's like, Yeah, I do. If I can get them to buy 1000 they're mine. They come back in the store and buy from somebody else. I'm still getting half of that commission. How that it was just because she owned the customer relationship. Oh, like, that was the rule for how I worked there. Okay, your first person

Unknown Speaker  46:00
1000 bucks. Nobody else cared about that burger. No,

Matthias Miller  46:03
they didn't see it. They were all after the quick win. And so she would always go in and she had this story, and they'd be looking at furniture and stuff like that, and she's like, I want to tell you this story. I have this little cradle from My great grandpa that is one of the most treasured heirlooms that I have.

Speaker 1  46:28
I forgot about this. It's okay. I forgot I was able to call them and cancel. It's okay, okay. Probably in trouble. Sorry. It was a facial appointment. I got it. Yeah, anyway, so I forgot. So yesterday I rescheduled. I didn't tell you, hold the thought. So yesterday I was I went to my appointment, and then Omar went to Jordan's school conference thing, because these grades are bad, and he calls me. He's like, Ah, you're doing wrong. It's your fault. He's just, he's failing, and you need to work with him for four hours tonight on his homework. And I was like, supposed to go to my freaking thing, and then, as I was supposed to go to my official yesterday, and then I was like, Oh, you did. I'll just go. And because the timing is too close, so I canceled, oh, change tomorrow, and I totally forgot today, and then, and then this morning, I said, and I never called him, so it's fine anyway,

Matthias Miller  47:28
yeah, and she'd be like, so I got this, you know, from this means so much to me. It's my connection to my past, yeah. And immediately they make the connection furniture we're buying. We're not just buying furniture. We're buying something for our kids, for grandkids, family, treasure, heirloom, all of that stuff. Everybody else was was thinking, head, not heart. How do I get to the wallet? How do I get the sale? She she she knew how to read people. How to get straight to what they actually she would ask questions, find out what they cared about, get straight to the heart of what they cared about, and find a way to fit this into the world of what they cared about. That's exactly you in recruiting,

Speaker 1  48:07
right? So telling a story, a personal story, could be a personal story in relation to what I'm doing, what I'm selling, kind of but, yeah,

Matthias Miller  48:16
it could be personal story, or it could just be curiosity. Okay, it could be, and I don't know what this looks like for you. It could be, I have your profile here. Here's what it says. There's just one

Speaker 1  48:25
thing, some people really like hearing about themselves, yeah, a

Unknown Speaker  48:28
lot of people do. And everyone likes to talk about themselves, yeah,

Speaker 1  48:31
or Yeah, or for someone to talk about them, or for someone to talk about them, yeah, or be curious about them, yeah, yeah. So something, I had this one guy called and he, he, he didn't, he was like, This guy had, like, a his, um, it's called a GT score. It's like a military they have, like, line scores of different things, like mechanical engineering. Like different things, yeah, like different call, like, categories, I guess. And so anyway, GT is gentle, General, technical. And his was, like, 135 or something. It was really high, yeah. And I was like, Dude, you're like, the smartest person. Like, he's like, I get you could do anything you want to do. And, I mean, he's like, oh, yeah, I care about that. He ever got a brewery. I'm a, like a, he was, like, a chemist or something like that, that he went to school for, and he's actually doing it. And he's like, I'm so happy and I'm doing this. He's super smart dude. And then he started asking me questions about my job, and why do I like my job? And all the it was like, I was being interviewed. And then he asked me, Oh, tell me about myself because I told him, I was like, Oh, you're here this and that he said, Oh, really, tell us more. He just wanted to learn more. He wanted to know what I knew about him, yeah. And I think that's so good, so true, even everybody you know wants to see what someone else sees in them, yeah, yeah, especially if

Matthias Miller  50:02
it's good, yeah. So I didn't really fully answer your question, except I didn't really actually have a good answer, because the best answer is swapping, trading. And once you do that, and once you have your own way of operating on the phone, and maybe you start with with his his script, and you adapt it to yourself, maybe just straight up, dig in and figure out your own script, but, but ultimately, this my opinion

Unknown Speaker  50:33
over the phone, over the

Matthias Miller  50:35
phone, or in person, and I'll get you to that. Just want to know about you. I don't know. I'm gonna guess you'd be twice as effective in person as maybe I'm wrong, yeah,

Speaker 1  50:50
probably, I mean, yeah. I mean, I guess I haven't had enough experience to see how I do, but I think that I'm real and like, I don't try to bullshit anyone

Matthias Miller  51:06
correct. And if the fact your fascination, here's what I've seen from our conversations. First of all, body language says a lot more. You can write a lot more for body language than for tonality,

Speaker 1  51:25
right? Totally, just yeah, totally, you can totally get more buy in when someone sees you in person, the closer you are to the person. Yeah, yes,

Speaker 2  51:35
yeah. And you have this obsession with watching

Speaker 3  51:39
people, yeah. So you're right though, yeah, having

Matthias Miller  51:44
the chance to watch them, engage with them, get close to them, touch them, hi, totally, you

Speaker 1  51:52
Yeah, it is, yeah, yeah, you're right. It

Matthias Miller  51:56
doesn't feel efficient, but it's interesting and but it might, it might not be efficient until you consider the fact that if you can close, if you can recruit, well, we do call it closed. Do you call it if you can close? Yeah, instead of one out of every 10 if you can, or instead of three out of every 20, you can close five out of every 20. Well, that's that's something

Speaker 1  52:19
right, for sure, right? Yeah, really big. And I never, I never realized how important just one is. One is a big deal because, like, I was looking, because I looked at, like, the bigger picture of like, all the people that I can contact and I like, is so overwhelming. But if you can just get one, here's my question, it's a big deal.

Unknown Speaker  52:41
Is there a way every one,

Speaker 1  52:43
everyone is, is work a lot? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  52:46
So, all right, we can go into Colby. We can go into other things, or we go deeper into the recruiting thing, which path you want to take, choose your own adventure. Say it one more time, we go down to the Colby thing and talk about why eventually do, why people get annoyed with your questions and things like that, and job expectations and and where the places where you're most likely to get performance things because of how you naturally show up. We need to go down that path, or we go down the recruiting path a little bit further. Is there a path you want to take?

Speaker 1  53:23
I don't know. What's the benefit of each

Matthias Miller  53:27
benefit of covid we can get you'll have more of a context and frame for how to relate to different people and some things that you might be doing that are causing you stress. And where you're not acting, where you're taking action that's not really you, where you're burning out your mental energy. And then the other one on the recruiting thing, we might be looking at some more, I guess, tactical wins where, you know, like some more wins around recruiting, where it's not just you're not just we're not just looking at concepts. We're looking at what are actual things that we can put into place to deal with the recruiter, the recruiting mission?

Unknown Speaker  54:22
Nah, let's go that way. Cool. We can. Yeah, okay,

Speaker 2  54:24
so, okay. So this is the one two if I showed up,

Matthias Miller  54:34
even if you, if you send out these messages with this expectation and this frame of mind that I am doing this, and the invitation is actually just as simple as I would love to sit down and have coffee with you some time. And it's like the whole messaging leading up to this is all the warmth and connection I want to get to know you and explore and see whether there's a possibility for you know, see where you're at, where you want to go, see if there's a possibility, whatever, and give them an off ramp. If you know for sure this isn't something that you're interested in, just reply back. No, thank you. But if you're open to having a conversation and we can explore this, let me know. Okay, and, and then you can go down the frame of so you don't think there should

Speaker 1  55:25
any be any catch like, because some people, that's an easy like, that's an easy like thing to ask, but I guess like this, I'm thinking of like, how what the mode is, is it email that I'm reaching out or phone? Or what is it? Well, I guess, I guess phone would be better. Or

Matthias Miller  55:49
what text is people really respond to text if you phone? So, yeah, sales consulting thing. We had 17 outreaches in the first week to hit somebody with their some kind of availability. It was most of what we did, their sales were 35% most of the time they went up 35% industries of all went downtown. It was two or three texts and just in 17 phone calls across a week. Oh, so the phone why? Because people are busy, right? They're not thinking about you, and it is brutal. This is like,

Speaker 3  56:29
so what worked? The phone calls? Oh, both did.

Matthias Miller  56:33
Okay, both did. People would sometimes respond to text. We didn't do anything else, right? Some people email, some people text and people call. Text is a very common, popular thing these days, and people are very responsible text,

Unknown Speaker  56:45
right? But when it comes to

Matthias Miller  56:46
phone, it's also this understanding people are busy, they need to have their lives managed. So just call them like crazy. It's not that they don't want to hear from you, it's that their lives are so whatever, because so much going on they need help managing. Yeah,

Speaker 1  57:01
so when they call it a certain time or something different times, okay, just times, it's a lot

Unknown Speaker  57:07
of calling. Is a lot of calling. It was a lot of calling the

Unknown Speaker  57:10
same people over and over again. Are different numbers, each person

Speaker 2  57:13
17 times for the first week. Oh, really.

Speaker 3  57:16
Oh, the one person, one person. Oh, I didn't catch that. I think you did miss first day. Day one,

Speaker 2  57:22
three calls. Day two, three calls. Day three, three calls. Oh, two calls. Day five, two calls. Really, yes,

Speaker 1  57:28
isn't that kind of a pest, pesti like? So once I feel like, I feel like somebody's ignored, like they're purposely ignoring you, if they're not gonna like, it would take that much subdue.

Matthias Miller  57:41
Oh, okay, so do. Once every couple months, somebody get really angry, okay, to be like, and once every six years, somebody's like, we're never doing business with you. You guys are obnoxious, right? But out of that was one out of how many people?

Speaker 1  57:58
Okay, what was the pool of people? Was it bigger or smaller? Whether they were calling some Okay, well, ours is so big,

Matthias Miller  58:07
yeah. The difference with this, though, is that these were people who had, at least in some way, raised their hand and said they were interested. Oh, okay, so one of the best things you could do is, if they're now, we're going down this alternate path

Speaker 1  58:20
you don't really know until, until you get a hold of them. But if you can,

Matthias Miller  58:27
if there is something that you can, that you can send out by text or email that gets them to raise their hand right side of life,

Speaker 1  58:34
I did that, like I sent it, where it was, like a basic email, and it kind of laid out benefits of the Army Reserve, and, like, what? How it can help you? Yeah, and that's something I feel like that's kind of helpful. Like, because they just don't want to be like, Hey, call. You know, I tried one where I just sent it, just give me a call, whatever I can't it was basic. And this one was better. Like, it was like, yeah, get more.

Matthias Miller  58:57
And you just test, test response rates and stuff like that. But then, then is there some kind of additional information that you can ask, that you can invite them to ask for?

Unknown Speaker  59:08
Yeah, what's

Matthias Miller  59:09
the next question people naturally ask once they see the benefits?

Speaker 1  59:15
What? I don't know. I haven't really had that much success yet, but we're going,

Matthias Miller  59:21
we're going, we're gonna go down the different paths. But so the one two, my point was the one two. The biggest one two is connecting with people, probably in person versus over the phone. Okay, first, from what I I could be wrong. Oh yeah, what I know of you and, and that's that's a won't do that. Okay. Then there's the will do so there's a certain way you have dealing with information, organization, risk and uncertainty and tangibles, and that has to do with donation. And so when you are one want to do something, you take action in a certain pattern, certain way. And then, and then you have cognition, which is, this is your training, your skills, your experience, your habits, the all the cognitive functions that you use to actually get it done, right? Okay, so then on your paper, which one you'll see four modes, Fact Finder, follow through, Quickstart, implement, yeah. So when it comes to let me check this is right. So when it comes to facts, Fact Finder, there are some people who who are highly detail oriented, and there's some people who are strictly bottom line, okay, you're Sabbath, which means in the detail arena, yeah, there are people that are still more detail oriented than you, but you're still detail oriented,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:02
yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:01:04
you like to specify. You probably do well with written information, yeah, deep facts, figures like in in and look at history as part of what. When you're looking at things, different things like that. Here's where this can get you into trouble.

Speaker 3  1:01:25
Okay, I get lost in the weeds. You can get lost in the weeds. Absolutely,

Matthias Miller  1:01:29
yes, you can. And then also you have a, let's say you're talking to to somebody, and they're a counteract Fact Finder. They're what counteract Fact Finder. They're at the other end. They're like a one to three, maybe the fact finder. They're all bottom line. They're like, summary, like, you give them a page, and they're like, oh, I want, oh, what you said was, here's one sentence. You're trying to say that the sky is blue, yeah? Sure. I mean, you're leaving out a lot of parts, but that does kind of capture the essence, right? Yeah. So when you're talking to somebody like, right? And you're bombarding them with specific questions exactly. That's when they nothing wrong with you. They're in overwhelm. They your first question used up all of their Fact Finder energy, and now they're like, does that make sense? Yeah. So one of the ways that you can frame it is appealing to what they want out of it, right? And so, you know, you know, I, if you can already tell that they're that they get annoyed sometimes, or whatever, you just be like, hey, look, I know this, this, I might overwhelm you with questions. I just want to make sure that I can get all these questions. Out of the way, and I don't have to keep bugging you with with, you know, and I'll have to bug you as much later, yeah. Doesn't mean you won't come back, but, or, or if it's important for them that you succeed, it's like, I know this might be overwhelming for you. I just want to make sure, and if they feel threatened, or whatever it's or you could even communicate, I'm not, I'm not trying to argue or challenge you. I'm just curious and want to understand, and I want to make sure that I get this done the way that it needs to be done. Make sure it's successful, right? And you can frame that exactly, and it's still mentally stressful, but emotionally internally, they feel better about it,

Speaker 1  1:03:19
right? Because they know you're coming from a good place, right? Yeah. You mean, well,

Matthias Miller  1:03:23
yeah. You mean, well, and it can also, you also acknowledge the fact that it is you're

Speaker 1  1:03:30
validating, right? And then, I mean, that's why it's good to know, like, who you're briefing and what they expect or what they want to see. And you should know that before you get in front of them. Yes, that way you're not wasting their time, and you're getting to the point. And then they can leave all the facts up there on the board or whatever on the screen. That's fine. They want to look at it, okay, but you give them the nuts and bolts and they'll ask questions if they want to know more. Yep, yeah, exactly so. And gotta know the person you're briefing.

Matthias Miller  1:04:02
Yeah, you got to know. And sometimes those one to three

Unknown Speaker  1:04:04
facts, well, you just find a general middle ground, or

Matthias Miller  1:04:07
a middle ground, right or middle ground. And you might actually need help if, if you so you can, you will be ready fairly easily be able to find a middle ground. But if you have to take the form, most likely you're going to be in pain doing it, and you need to go find somebody who's right, good at that and can help you. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:04:29
yeah, makes sense. And I think with practice and, you know, yeah, obviously somebody else's opinion, you know, yeah, I think I'm okay. We'll see

Matthias Miller  1:04:43
when you're instinct and when you're instinctive. But instinctively, you're not going to boil it down to the very, very, very, very,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:49
oh yeah, no, right.

Matthias Miller  1:04:52
Next one is follow through, which is how you deal with structure. You're at a four, so you're not the so what this means is, you fit within structure. You lean towards adapting, shortcutting at some points, but primarily you maintain, you keep the structure so not likely that you'll go into something and instinctively go, let's go create a whole bunch of structure around this. Let's go build this major plan. Let's go. Or even the I gotta go get this done, just because I gotta get it done, because I get things done. Sounds crazy, but that's where an initiating follow through is often going to be okay. They instinctively drive things to completion. It has to be done. It has to be checked off. There has to be a thorough, intricate system like, and that's not you so, so and then the counteract follow through the one to three. This is like, like, I mean, some of this delves into attitude, not instincts, but it's a little bit of the screw bureaucracy. Like, there's a shortcut over here, if we just go over here, we can bypass all of these steps. Like, let's get rid of these steps, and let's just go take the shortcut. We'll basically be where we need you, okay, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:06:22
so, yes, somewhat of efficiency, maybe not full final project, final piece,

Unknown Speaker  1:06:28
yeah, I mean, there's, there's an element

Speaker 1  1:06:29
of some, it just depends on what they're cutting out. Yeah, for

Matthias Miller  1:06:33
sure, for sure. Quick Start. Then is with, with risk and uncertainty. So your your instinct with that competitively, is to is to innovate. The opposite end is make sure nothing bad happens. So that's a very, a very stereotypical accountant or engineer. Is like, on the opposite end, people are driving over this bridge. They had better not die when that happens. Like, how can we check and double check and triple check that nothing bad's gonna happen as part of that, right? Whereas in the other end of the spectrum,

Unknown Speaker  1:07:13
or, like, an airplane engineer, airplane engineer,

Matthias Miller  1:07:15
exactly, yeah. Like, you want that because, well, so you need an innovator in the mix that people come up with new ideas, but you need a voice that is counteract Quickstart, that says technical,

Matthias Miller  1:07:27
They'd better not fail. And how could this go wrong, and how to make sure it doesn't Right?

Speaker 1  1:07:32
Right? The one that doesn't take them take risks, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:07:37
yeah, they solve problems by making sure they never happen in the first place, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:07:42
Yeah, yeah, there you go.

Matthias Miller  1:07:47
Implementer is a weird term, but that just means tangibles. You probably should never become a car mechanic, yes, but don't try to get not like that means you have the ability to have things in your head and conceptualize it. So if you see people, so when you're briefing people with who need paper copies, who are very I think sometimes physical forcefulness can be, can be a thing. Who like to see pictures, to see real representations, etc. Those are ways in which you can adapt to if they're not gonna have a printout, make a printout available, because there's something about the tactile for

Speaker 1  1:08:55
sure. Yeah, I did that on my brief. Actually, I haven't really done briefs, really, but I did one where I gave a short class, I guess, on something, yeah, and I made sure I had everything. I had the slideshow done. I got it done in like a day. It wasn't, like, kind of elaborate, but it was, it was good. It was nice. I mean, it was structured, nice and stuff. So, like I said, I like the best, so I tried to give the best, yeah, so I had that, and then I had printouts for multiple printouts, especially for him, for the commander. So I had him have his friend. I mean, he didn't look at it all, but so I tried to cover all basics of so I did it. I sent it to him in the email. Prior to I printed everything out. I gave him his own specific copy and a folder. You know, I did. I probably went overkill, but I just wanted to make sure I covered all the bases. Yeah, yep. And then I made sure I sent it to all the commanders in the battalion, so they all can, you know, send it to their their officers and stuff. So, yeah, I mean, I guess if you give me a task I'm gonna do, I'm gonna do my best. Make sure I cover everything so everyone's, you know, depending on the person. Some people, some people just want to listen. Some people want to see. Some people want to touch just like we were talking about. So yeah, try to hit everything. So

Matthias Miller  1:10:14
and these actually get corresponding with these modes, which I started touching on. But not so factfinder generally. Is, is written, follow through is charts, diagrams. So that's not something that you're going to naturally incorporate, but you could,

Unknown Speaker  1:10:31
I like pictures, pictures,

Unknown Speaker  1:10:32
yeah, like

Speaker 1  1:10:35
things that evoke like thoughts and questions and connection. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:10:42
quick start, verbal, spoken, received, and then initiating it. Whatever already is, like physical models, tends to be the kind of thing. So one of the things I wanted to take a look at, specifically I Well, let's actually dig through some of these. So page six. Are there any places where you feel like you're required to your role requires any of the doubts? Generalize snap judgments, yes or no answers. Answer off the top of your head, decide without priority.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:30
You said, if there's anything in my job that requires that, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:11:42
I mean, I feel like it is sometimes. I mean, I think that it is, but I don't think it is like I feel like I need to give like, an answer to all my health, because I always want to be ready, right? But it doesn't. That's not necessarily true. It's just the way I think, so, so, but, but, but But generally, we're not really supposed to do that, because we need to go verify first before we tell somebody something. So,

Matthias Miller  1:12:10
so is some of that just being okay? Is that a tension between I want to help this person

Speaker 1  1:12:18
problem? Yeah, it's like a What does that? What does that say? I can't think of what it was. But

Unknown Speaker  1:12:28
anyway, yeah, okay,

Matthias Miller  1:12:33
so some of that can just be a matter of habit, then yeah, and it can also just be a matter of letting go of the guilt. I want to give an answer, oh, oh yeah. So which is the one two? Is the one two? Like, instinctively, I have an answer off the top of my head, but I need to go double check it. Or is it I feel guilty because I want to help you right now, but I want to go research before I give you an answer. Is it I have an answer off the top of my head, I'm ready to give it to you. Oh, wait, I can't, because I shouldn't do that. Or is it I want to go research, but I also want to make sure that you're happy, and I take care of right now,

Speaker 1  1:13:10
I kind of, this is what I'm thinking. It is, I'm pretty sure, but let me check, yeah, and I'll get back to you. Or let me check right now. Just hang on so you kind of

Speaker 2  1:13:20
kind of do the both, and take it with Yeah, like you

Speaker 1  1:13:24
got them, like you didn't let them, like you're not giving them a yes or no, but you just be like, All right, I think this is what it is. But let's verify, and I'll take you with me, you know, so and then one thing I'm not really good at is that I want to be good at is, um, what is it? Uh, it's like when you make, oh, um, under promise and over deliver. That's something I'm not good at doing, but I want, but I'm good at over delivering, but um, but I always I also over promise because I'm a s person, yeah, like, oh yeah, I got this instead of making a like, I don't know, like, realistic timeframe

Matthias Miller  1:14:12
winner situations, or types of situations when you over promise, like,

Speaker 1  1:14:22
getting something done for someone, like, anybody, yeah, just anything, like a task somebody, Oh, can you do this for me? Like, three, I mean, I used my other job used to be emails all the time. Like, I need this. Can you do this for me? Okay, I need this. Can you do this for me? And then, like, oh, yeah, yeah, I'll get it done. I just my, my view of my reality of time is like, I have all these hours, like I can just get everything done, you know. So, I mean, I'm getting better at it now, but I used to be really bad where I would just want to take care of everything at the same time.

Speaker 2  1:14:55
Can you lean into your fact finding and just ask them. First ask them, and also ask you, ask them,

Speaker 3  1:15:07
when? How important is this to you? Oh, okay, right.

Matthias Miller  1:15:10
And how soon are you hoping to have an answer? Okay, you're not committing, yeah. How soon do you need it unless, unless it actually is a superior of some kind? Yeah, they

Speaker 3  1:15:21
have some time. Yeah. I time. Or maybe there is right depends on the

Matthias Miller  1:15:26
person, depends on the person depends or maybe when are you looking for an answer? They're going to tell you what I like to have it, or I need to have it by this date, right? That now gives you, you as a fact finder. This is your facts and information and details that now gives you. And then the next question is asking yourself, How do I prioritize this? It feels to me like I don't know if this is true or not, but it seems to me like you have a little bit of that, that one of the challenges that you face is this. You have this Quick Start energy,

Unknown Speaker  1:15:59
which is like a computer, instant gratification. Yeah, exactly.

Matthias Miller  1:16:02
Let's just do it now. But then you also have to specify your prioritization thing, right? And learning how to keep those things in balance, yeah? So you don't drive yourself crazy,

Speaker 1  1:16:13
right? And I think, yeah, I think I'm used to

Unknown Speaker  1:16:18
crazy, but, um, but yeah,

Speaker 1  1:16:22
that's good. So you said, what question do I ask them? When do you would hope for this to be done? What's

Matthias Miller  1:16:28
your what's the priority for you? Okay? And then when, when were you hoping to have an answer, okay, or whatever it is, or have this done? Yeah, the other thing too is, if somebody is asking you for two things, is ask them for a point of reference. So even, okay, we're gonna,

Matthias Miller  1:17:00
we're gonna pick on picking your husband, just because it's an easy example. Hey, I need you to go pick up laundry at the laundromat, and, oh, by the way, we're all out of cleaning supplies. Okay, cool. Well, I have 30 minutes to run an errand. Which one's more important to you? Cleaning supplies, or, sorry, dry cleaners. Now whatever you get the picture. Or, okay, so here's request number one. This is what's really important. Here comes request number two. And then, and then, pragmatically, you can't add hours to the day. You can take it away from yourself, but you can't add hours to the day, right? And taking this back to them and saying, I would love to I'm happy to which one of these is more important, and giving them choice, not in giving them a choice, instead

Speaker 1  1:17:58
of over taxing myself, correct? Oh, okay. But it also, it happens all the time, like, not all the time, but a lot, a lot. Or he'll ask me to do multiple things, and he just thinks it's just no big deal. You know, you just go to three different stores. It's fine in the same it's just like, I don't want to, I don't want to do that. And then he got one time he got mad at me because I went to Costco and I didn't want to go to Walmart. Is it way out of the way? Or for this ice cream that you wanted? And I bought the big vanilla tub of ice cream. Said, Well, I wanted rock and rope, and I told you, that's what I wanted. I'm like, Oh my God. Like, I didn't, I'm just coming off work, like, I want to go to another store. Like, let me just get this. It's good enough. And it was just, it was so, yeah, so I, I see it goes back to me setting boundaries and being realistic instead of stressing myself out.

Matthias Miller  1:18:57
Yes, yeah. And in the past, with managing. This is prior life, managing our large software projects. Large software projects fall by the wayside because somebody has has, because a million people have a million brainy ideas. And if you have somebody who says yes to everything, that's why you have the software industry is known for, we have a project that's halfway done, that's 3x budget and only does half of what we ever hoped to do, because nobody was ever willing to say no, no or say, well, which one's more important? Okay,

Speaker 1  1:19:34
so you need, like, an expediter or somebody that's like,

Matthias Miller  1:19:40
it racing, yeah, yeah. It's just, it's, it's just holding space for other people to prioritize and and being

Speaker 1  1:19:50
thinking about that critically, instead of just saying, Oh yeah, they're all great. Let's do it right, yeah. So

Matthias Miller  1:19:57
I don't know if that's helpful. Probably take some muscles. It's something that probably come back to and some muscle building on it, seven. Page seven. Any of these getting snarled in redundancies, building rigid systems or starting rigid systems, making too many guarantees. There you go. That's one that we just talked about. Skip too many steps, over regulate, as in police too much,

Speaker 1  1:20:26
no, initiate rigid systems. I feel like I sometimes I feel like I need that though, like, not rigid, but but something to stay consistent daily on the things that I know I need I need to be doing. Like, like, I was telling you the calls and like, block like a like, a workflow every day. Like, I never do that. Okay, but let's talk about, you said it's bad for me, right? Okay, but

Matthias Miller  1:20:54
let's talk about systems. Okay, so, so when you were up on this part of the spectrum, here's how you organize, which is actually how I've organized my office. If you look around, there is everything that I need is visible, cups, tea, stuff, drinks, Shredder. That's just there, everything that I don't need, if you were to open this, this cabinet back here, anything that's organized in there is because I had somebody else organize it. I love organization, yeah? But then what I do is it's just the big black box, and I could just shove stuff in and it disappears and I don't see it there, yeah, it's fine, right? Savory, which is very different, very different down here, yeah, where they're gonna have that, but everything this shelf is only for these things. And don't you dare move things around, yeah, and the file, box of files is alphabetized and color coded and in sequential order, and I know exactly where things are with this deep, complex filing system, even if I can't see it right, those are two extremes. So you should not be in a situation where, if you have a, let's say, two time blocks in your calendar, I calendar from from 10 to 11 is your, I don't know, pick a task something. Let's just say eight to nine is this is my time to prioritize and get my day started. That should not be set up in such a way that if you start at 801 or 805, that you go in a major guilt trip where you suffer massive negative consequences. But you need general boxes. You need big boxes, okay? Or also don't in your calendar.

Speaker 1  1:22:52
Or just great if it doesn't happen at this period, just move it to another. Just move it adapt. Happens in the day, as long as it

Matthias Miller  1:22:58
happens in the day. The other thing that it helps you do, by the way, is that it gives you context and visibility for Can I actually commit to this? Because now you're looking at your calendar, if you have something, okay, five minute tasks, no problem. And maybe so one of the things is getting very tactical kind of productivity thing, but, but if you get a lot of five minute tasks, so if it's a five minute task, just do it. If you have a stacked five minute task, sometimes, it can be helpful to say, hey, here's a 30 minute block, and I'm just going to go through all the five minute gotchas and have got a minutes and all these other things. But the other thing that it helps you with, if you put it on your calendar, have calendar stuff for longer projects, is it forces you to come to grips with reality of how your time is being spent, okay and will be spent.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:43
What does putting it on your calendar? Okay, I

Matthias Miller  1:23:46
need this thing from you. I need this I need this report every presentation. Put it on a calendar. Yeah, it's gonna take four hours. You know? It's gonna take four hours. Okay, we're where do I have a block of time that's four hours? Well,

Speaker 1  1:24:00
then I need to close everything else out so I'm extracted, like, because otherwise an email will pop up or something, and then I'll be like, Oh, okay, well, that's,

Unknown Speaker  1:24:10
I mean, okay, that's so, that's just,

Speaker 1  1:24:12
I'm a like, oh, shiny thing. Let me just see Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:24:18
yeah. So you probably will, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:24:22
because I want to give immediate gratification to everyone. You know, that's just how I am well, and that's weird. Then it fits me back on what I need to do for my like, priorities, my tasks, right? So I think the only thing, the only thing you get around that is just to turn it off? Well, that's not the notification or something that's for

Matthias Miller  1:24:45
longer term. You might enjoy a role that doesn't require as much, solo work, solitude work, block work, deep work, whatever you want to call it. There are some roles where you need instant gratitude. You need to be responding to the instant gratification. An email comes in, you got to be on it right away. It happened.

Speaker 1  1:25:09
Okay, well, you don't have a choice. You don't have choice. That has to Yeah, with IR soldiers, yeah, that's how it is. Yeah, that is how it is for that. But for everyone else, they can't wait. They can't wait. So that's just, that's just a fact

Matthias Miller  1:25:21
so, but there's other things that you can do. Again, I like other little hacks. If you have multiple spaces in your office where you can work, pick up your laptop. Normally, I do all my distraction work for me, one of the big things was I do call steam interesting. I do deep conversation, sitting down, okay. I do thinking, project, planning, whatever, standing up. Okay. I do deep work. And I also do deep work, sitting down, okay, so if I have some some I gotta get in focus. I'll take the laptop, sit down here, zone in for me, put on headphones, put on some kind of music that doesn't distract me too much from what I'm doing, and zone out the world, and zone into those Okay,

Speaker 1  1:26:15
so that's like the deep stuff. That's the deep stuff there is.

Matthias Miller  1:26:19
It's like the less deep, like the conversation, the communication, the the just the chatting, the catching up, the

Speaker 1  1:26:25
so you separate the two areas for that it like puts you in the zone. Yeah. Okay, so something

Matthias Miller  1:26:31
to explore for yourself is those different workspaces. Is there a workspace that you can use and borrow?

Speaker 1  1:26:36
So I need to move, I need to adjust my office?

Matthias Miller  1:26:40
Yeah, potentially take a look at it, experiment, try it. Or if there are other places that you can work, or if they even physical places where you can get away.

Speaker 1  1:26:50
Yeah, they have thinking about, they have a community center. It's really nice. And they have a, like a it's bigger than this, but like a meeting room with a big, long table, one. It's like this, wood like this. It's nice, all decorated. It's nice, yeah, that. And it's like, it looks like a, it looks like a conference room kind of, yeah, but it's really nice. And I was like, Oh, I can work in there. You know, I don't know what I would be doing in there. Well,

Speaker 2  1:27:23
I mean, but, but if you if that can become, maybe that becomes, sometimes

Unknown Speaker  1:27:27
I work from home, but if I can go and just work there and be cool,

Speaker 2  1:27:30
it would be cool. And maybe that that can become,

Speaker 1  1:27:33
it's a huge glass room, though, so like anybody that walks by, I mean, they can see me, that's okay, okay, long as I'm not getting I can face away from them

Unknown Speaker  1:27:44
or something, right, right?

Speaker 1  1:27:47
But, yeah, it's always open, and there's a kitchen, like, a really nice kitchen. They just remodeled it, I think, this year. So it's just kind of cool, like I'm home away from home, kind of, and the gym is right there. Nice. So yeah, there we go. There

Matthias Miller  1:28:04
you go, yeah. And you could even plan your day, and you could even play in your day, such that you work half a day there, get catch half a day either place. Catch the gym there and go, go over to the other place for a different mode of work,

Speaker 1  1:28:26
but it's just down the road, sure. So it's not like, it's not way

Unknown Speaker  1:28:30
out of the way. Yeah, that's cool. There's

Unknown Speaker  1:28:34
so many options.

Matthias Miller  1:28:35
There are so many options, yeah, so making too many guarantees. That's one place where, in our conversation seems like, yeah, making some of these promises, right? Where's you down, right?

Speaker 1  1:28:47
Yeah, because I'm, because I'm all this push, push to like, you know, but now I think, I think it'd be better just to, I mean, if I can do it, I can do it, but if I can, like, Okay, I'm gonna put this on my calendar. I'm gonna do this this tomorrow at this time. Yeah, then that would be better, because otherwise I'll just be like, Oh yeah, let's do it now, yeah, or whatever. I need to look at my calendar and see what

Matthias Miller  1:29:12
more. The other thing too, and I don't know if this can work, to implement it, like, if you get people coming to you directly, setting up an office hours type of thing. So one of the things I did, and I probably have

Speaker 1  1:29:28
more nobody, so I don't work in an office where, where I have people, people coming to you like everything is digital. Digital. The phone and stuff only on once a month. One weekend a month is when the soldiers, and I have to do, I have to take care of them.

Matthias Miller  1:29:46
So, I mean, realistically, I don't really know what to tell you. Besides, probably one of the best bets is just periodically working with email closed and turned off. And kind of focus thing. Or there's other other kind of

Speaker 1  1:30:06
I could put something in my my out of office, like, reply, like, Hey, I'm working. I or right now, I'll get to your message when I'm done. Yeah, that would be good, because that would make me feel better. It

Matthias Miller  1:30:18
would be given the customer service aspect, right? Tell them, you know,

Speaker 1  1:30:28
or set a standard so everyone knows, like hey during this this is my, my daily something, you know what? That way you know what to expect during this period of time, right?

Matthias Miller  1:30:40
Yeah. So two of the things that can really help you get unstuck. Number one, when you're working in a project or trying to make a decision, set a target for you only need 80% of the information to be able to move forward, okay? And so if you find yourself getting stuck because you have enough information, just ask yourself, Do I have 80% of the information, okay? And that's may actually be good enough, you can evaluate

Unknown Speaker  1:31:07
like to take the next step,

Matthias Miller  1:31:09
okay? And that can help from some of the paralysis. The other thing with Quickstart is also racing the clock. So what there's, one of the ways to do that is, well, there's actually one other method too, but there's something called the Pomodoro Technique, which is like a 50 minute, 50 minute work sprint, like maybe 25 or 50. And so you focus, focus, focus, and then take a break and then come back and you have a little timer sitting on your desk, or saying, I want to get done. So turning it, turn it into a game I'm gonna see. If I get this, like, 20 minutes, I'm gonna get done in 20 minutes.

Speaker 3  1:31:51
And basically it's capturing the time. Well, not just capturing

Matthias Miller  1:31:55
the time, it's it's racing yourself, figuring out,

Speaker 3  1:32:01
okay, and race the clock. Okay, make it faster, or just to

Matthias Miller  1:32:06
give yourself the sense of urgency, okay,

Speaker 1  1:32:09
okay, so that way, just get rid of the distractions. Because, you know, there's a time. Do you clock

Matthias Miller  1:32:16
ever procrastinate on projects until the night or day before? Yeah, so,

Unknown Speaker  1:32:22
but then I get it done, yeah?

Matthias Miller  1:32:24
And you do it well, yeah. It's not a matter of doing it well or not. It's the fact that you're motivated by by racing the clock and doing it right before the deadline, right? Yeah. And so give yourself permission to to put things off until the last minute, don't you don't have to feel guilty, okay, by putting it off to the last minute, because you not everybody can do it, but you can,

Speaker 3  1:32:53
yeah? And you can do it well, right?

Matthias Miller  1:32:58
Makes sense? Yeah. And the other thing with Quickstart is just it is it is the maybe this, this will work. Maybe it won't work, but set a timer for, you know, whatever timeframe and and, like, here's the race, here's the sprint. I'm gonna see how much I can get done at this time, and just take a break and get back and, like, Yes, I did it.

Speaker 1  1:33:19
Okay, whatever. What is the benefit of that? Just to get it's the challenging myself, Yes,

Matthias Miller  1:33:24
like the time urgency will for people, like,

Speaker 1  1:33:29
I'm like, I'm competing with myself in a way that's kind of like that, instead of competing with everybody else's expectations, kind of focusing on myself, I guess, in the moment.

Matthias Miller  1:33:45
So one way to look at add ADHD, this is not the only way, but ADHD in some cases, I think there's multiple reasons for people having that, but in one of the in some of the cases, it's because people have a strong shortcutting instinct, a what strong shortcutting instinct? Okay? And these are also people naturally multitask. Okay, so they'll start one thing and then do this thing and then jump back to this. That's

Unknown Speaker  1:34:16
what I do all the time. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:34:19
and go ahead. Oh, go ahead. I

Speaker 1  1:34:22
mean, just because I I don't want anyone to wait on me like I want to, yeah, I want everyone to be taken care of.

Matthias Miller  1:34:29
And part of your internal clock is actually your internal clock starts from the time somebody emails you to when you get a response, and there's always a race between these two. Or somebody comes with a

Speaker 3  1:34:38
question, and here's the answer, oh, yeah, for sure. That's where this, that's where this plays out here for

Unknown Speaker  1:34:43
you. And so

Speaker 1  1:34:45
I like, I think it's exciting to get the answer right away, yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:34:50
And so people like this, this is actually so one, one counter perspective is that ADHD isn't always a deficit, and sometimes it's a superpower, because not everybody has the instinct to reply as quickly as possible and has the capacity to have 30 different things going on and still be able to manage really, yes. Really, yes. There are people who would go here and be like, I don't care what just came in. I'm gonna go down to the oldest, I'm gonna reply to that, and then the next Yeah, and then the next and the next Yeah. And probably would get frustrated, because with email, it's never done. They're pushing constantly, pushing for inbox zero, so they have the sense of checking it off, and you never get there. And so this is, you look at yourself as jumping back and forth as a that's not a good thing. Yeah?

Unknown Speaker  1:35:50
Or is it right? I mean,

Speaker 1  1:35:54
I feel like I get a lot done. Yeah, I take care of a lot of people at one time. Yeah, you do and I and I'm proud of that. Yeah, that like speed of response and something I'm good at. Yeah, it is agreed.

Matthias Miller  1:36:13
Yeah. Page eight, are there places where you need to conform, or where you hesitate. You're afraid to fail. Follow the script. Yeah, follow the script. Second. Guess yourself.

Unknown Speaker  1:36:30
Okay, yeah, I like when,

Speaker 1  1:36:34
when you don't stick closely, like if you just speak off of how you feel in the moment and off the energy of the people. That's awesome. Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. I love that. That's cool. Second guess yourself, yeah, I mean, that happens, yeah, but, um, I'm trying to think of what I did. I think that when I'm giving something, if I'm giving a brief or I'm giving something to people, if I know it, and I've dealt with a lot, and it's natural, it's really easy. I mean, that's common sense, but it's really easier for me to be myself and just kind of go with the flow, because I know I'm talking about, yeah, which is kind of cool. And I, like, I thought that was pretty,

Matthias Miller  1:37:28
um, there's this thing for you that probably fits in, where it's, like, I can't make up answers. And, like, not just Integris Lee, but I just can't make up answers. Yeah, I wouldn't know what to say if I came to came to you and said, I don't know what's the foundation like out of this building, and you would not be the one to say, Oh, well, it's come up with

Speaker 3  1:37:58
some kind of dumb answer, right? Right? Yeah, but

Matthias Miller  1:38:01
if you take, okay, there are people who can improvise.

Unknown Speaker  1:38:06
I'd be like, Oh, good. Question. I wonder question. I look into that. So comedians

Matthias Miller  1:38:09
will will work with a very small amount of information with a crowd, and they'll come up with this crazy stuff that they say, right, that there's no possible way of preparation that is not your way of innovation or improvisation. Your way of improvisation is, let me go get the whole body of knowledge. Let me become the expert. Now I have the expertise, yes, but I don't have a script, right? So I can dance on the stage of expertise and do whatever, right? And improvise off

Speaker 1  1:38:42
of that. Yeah, yep, does that make sense? Yeah, totally, totally, because then I can just be free to be myself. Yes, I know it. We can adjust Yes, as the questions come as, but as long as I mean, if I have something, if that's something, to follow, what we can, you know, sure, next slide. Okay, let me talk, whatever. So, I mean, yeah, I mean, that way everyone, it's not just a person talking, it's something they can visually see while you're talking, and it helps keep them on track. Yeah, and she too. So one of the Yeah, you're right about that, though, totally. What are the encouragements to you that I can't just make something out. No, I can be myself, but just make sure I know that, like, make sure I have a foundation of understanding of what the hell I'm talking about. Yeah, because I want to be ready in case somebody has a question that, you know, maybe not be specifically about what we just talked about, but something hypothetical be like, Oh, I have to experience that is what happened. So,

Matthias Miller  1:39:40
so the two things I would encourage you in is make sure that you're building up expertise in the places where you need expertise. I don't know. I think you do this naturally, but it's just that. The other thing is, in the places where you have expertise, go take risks in those areas. Okay, like I don't know what that exactly looks like. Completely honest. It's pretty vague, yeah, but something you know inside and out, how are ways that you can take risks with that, because you're really going to thrive in that right risks, improvise, innovate, you

Speaker 1  1:40:19
mean on, on certain topics, sure, okay, topics where you're an expert, or something I'm really passionate about,

Matthias Miller  1:40:26
passionate about, if you're passionate about, you've probably know you, you've researched it in and out, yeah, upside, downside, backwards, forwards, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:40:33
yeah, for the most part. I mean, it depends, like, sometimes I don't do the research, but I I listen and I remember, because I repetitive things, its own form of research, right? Yeah, yes, because it's it's the same. It's repetitive, like, it's repetitive topic, but in different scenarios, sure, you know, because every person is different, every situation is different, but it's like the same principles and topics, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:41:08
page nine, don't maintain equipment. Don't do don't decide that you're gonna go sell. What are those knives that you whatever Don't, don't get into some kind of network marketing thing that requires you to show off and sell knives and your

Speaker 3  1:41:30
sell products. Sell products, vacuum cleaning, right? Exactly. That would be terrible.

Matthias Miller  1:41:35
I mean, if you want to go for it, but not recommended, don't take part small appliances or fix broken parts, or try to build too many physical models. Okay, I don't think your job requires you to do any of that stuff. Okay, so, all right, a few more things. So PAGE PAGE 10. This is, this is actually, let's go to page 11. I like this one better. When you do something like you have something you want to do, the very first thing to do that you're going to do is you're going to get specifications. What are the facts? What are the details? What's the information? What's What happened historically, all of that stuff that's instinctively what you're going to do first, and then it's going to be all right, let's off of that now. Let's brainstorm like, Okay, what could this look like? How could this be different? What like? Fill in the blank, once you have the brainstorm, does this fit within the structure and things that we have. Can we? Can we fit within there? And then, last of all, visualizing solutions. So if I come to you and I say, you know, hey, Misty, I need you to brainstorm on some ways to I mean, we really need to need a we really need a better way to communicate in this situation. Can you help me brainstorm? But you're not allowed to ask me questions. Just brainstorm.

Unknown Speaker  1:43:21
Okay? Based on the scenario,

Matthias Miller  1:43:25
yeah? Like, if we do that, if I come to you with that, you're like, Are you kidding me? Like, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:43:31
I need all the details.

Unknown Speaker  1:43:32
I Yes, that

Unknown Speaker  1:43:33
way I can come up with a

Unknown Speaker  1:43:34
solution. Yes,

Speaker 1  1:43:36
well, I'll figure out the issue and then come up with a better way. Yeah, exactly.

Matthias Miller  1:43:40
And you'll use that, use the find the details right, to get to the issue, to find the better way.

Speaker 1  1:43:45
There was one time where this soldier came up and she had this issue, and she was explaining it to me and another person, another coworker, that does the same thing as me, but she's been doing it way longer than me, but she could not figure out a solution. And I was just like, Okay, this is what you need to do, and then you do this and this. And it was just like, easy for me, yeah, and her, it was not and I was like, What the hell was like, why are you what you were telling her to do was not right? Like, it wasn't wrong, but it wasn't the most effective, efficient process. And so I was just like, It impressed me to myself, that to me, it seemed simple, yes, you know, but to her, it was like she was making it like, into something. It wasn't like, you don't fully understand the situation and what needs to happen, and I do. So it was kind of neat, yeah, that was proud of myself, that I could, that I did that. But I think she was, she kept she's one of those people that feels like she's

Unknown Speaker  1:44:48
always right, and then she's

Speaker 1  1:44:50
like, No, she needs to do this. And I'm like, Oh, whatever. Like, okay, but,

Speaker 2  1:44:54
like, you can see all the reasons why that's gonna fall apart. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:44:59
that's not what she should be focusing I know what she should be focusing on. So it was just multiple times where this has happened and well, and I'm just like, Well, glad that I'm here to try to figure this out.

Unknown Speaker  1:45:12
Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:45:16
I know this is I love that stuff, so that's all I really want to go over now. I mean, there's a little bit we can talk about. Actually, let's go percentages yet on page 11, still, if you have to spend 80% of your day brainstorming, you're going to be worn out.

Unknown Speaker  1:45:36
Oh yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:45:37
if you have to spend 80 80% of your day researching, you're gonna be worn out if you only, if you only get to spend 5% of your day researching, fact finding, also stressed out, or you're gonna get to the end of the day and initiating fact finders. It might be a little different with how much, how strong your book Start is, but they do, like crossword puzzles and word searches as stress relief, because that's kind of It's a fact finding release. Okay, so watching novel documentaries, like watching novelty, is some of the quickstar energy, plus, you know, information learning, observing is some of the Fact Finder energy. And so you said, do that? Yeah, that's very likely, if your brain doesn't feel like it's been used, like finding something with that, like, I love documentaries, yeah, a documentary about something that's a little unusual is probably what would fit the bill. Yeah, makes sense. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:46:40
I like that stuff, yeah? So because I used to watch prime

Matthias Miller  1:46:45
documentaries, yeah, yeah. If you spend all day following the rules, gracious, but if you have to spend all day following very strict rules, it's gonna be stressful the end of the day, so there's a lot more. Let's break for a few minutes. Grab restroom break, and then I want to take a look at this report we didn't get yet. Oh, together. Is this

Unknown Speaker  1:47:12
from the job? Yeah. Okay.

Matthias Miller  1:47:17
Was was Tasha? Is she current or prior?

Speaker 1  1:47:22
Okay, and then Benjamin Berto was the previous. I

Unknown Speaker  1:47:27
never got his you did it.

Unknown Speaker  1:47:30
So if he gets it done, I can send it over to you. But

Unknown Speaker  1:47:35
he said he was gonna do it.

Matthias Miller  1:47:38
But this is, this will give us a good we'll get back to this and how this ties into performance per second. perceptions, because that definitely isn't a bad. Okay.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai