Unknown Speaker  00:00
All right, so,

Matthias Miller  00:04
one of the most significant things, okay, bottom line, what you expect out of this job? You expect a little bit more, like, I guess more sorry, we follow through, like, leaning slightly more towards structure creation than what you naturally do, but, yeah, but your expectations and how you show up, right? There's like very little friction from what's what do you mean? Like the way you think you need to show up to do your job and the way you naturally show up to do your job, it's like, it's one of the same. Really,

Unknown Speaker  00:41
it's okay,

Speaker 1  00:42
that's at least based on your perception. Mean, oh,

Speaker 2  00:46
you mean what, what it should be, is what it is

Matthias Miller  00:49
your job is not forcing you to, does not seem to be forcing you to build physical models or have or create really rigid structure? Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  01:03
no, right. So

Matthias Miller  01:05
it looks to me like there's not a lot of you're not facing a lot of stress because you feel like you need to show it one way, but your job needs to

Speaker 2  01:16
show up another way. Oh, yeah, yeah. No, I can do however I want.

Unknown Speaker  01:19
So here's the big here's the big

Unknown Speaker  01:26
wild card,

Unknown Speaker  01:31
tasha's expectation of the job. What's the best way to remember Tasha

Unknown Speaker  01:42
cease? Whatever cease, yes. Cease

Matthias Miller  01:44
is expectation of your job is that there's less risk taking and more stick to the proven and what works than what you think it should take. You think it takes and based on how you naturally show

Speaker 2  02:02
up. Okay, so you're saying it's the same, no, oh, I'm sorry.

Speaker 1  02:08
Okay, let me see if I can read that visual. Sorry.

Unknown Speaker  02:22
Okay, so

Unknown Speaker  02:27
you

Unknown Speaker  02:31
your expectations.

Unknown Speaker  02:33
Okay,

Unknown Speaker  02:36
ceases expectations. Got it tradition. Slash, don't change at all, and then reinvent

Unknown Speaker  02:56
everything. Okay, okay,

Matthias Miller  02:58
so you are like, how you show up is a seven year what you think the job means. 7c

Speaker 1  03:08
says that you should be closer to don't change and break things than reinvent everything. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  03:18
okay, interesting. So

Matthias Miller  03:20
one of the most likely places for you to get a performance thing is Misty. Why are you always trying these new, crazy ideas?

Speaker 2  03:31
Yeah, okay, was that a bad, bad thing? Oh, it's not

Unknown Speaker  03:36
bad that you're trying them. Okay.

Matthias Miller  03:39
It's not good or bad that you're trying them. The issue is she's not expecting you to do that. Oh, yeah, no. She expects you to be like this,

Speaker 2  03:50
the basic shit, yeah, sorry, but yeah, basic things, she just a through. C, sure, yeah. Just get these done. I don't care about you know, how you doing, or whatever. Just keep it just simple. Keep

Matthias Miller  04:02
it simple and stop, yeah, stop with the crazy ideas, like, we don't need to make it better,

Unknown Speaker  04:07
yeah, or we don't need Yeah. She's like that, yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  04:10
So, well,

Speaker 2  04:11
that's what, that's what she I guess that's the way she operates. Yeah, that's the

Matthias Miller  04:15
way she operates. So this is one that I can't really get you a good answer on without having a conversation with her as well.

Speaker 2  04:24
I mean, you need his, his answer, yeah. I mean, I guess to be successful, you just got to if. I mean, if you do, yeah, okay, so if you just do the things that they tell you to do, then you should be successful, roughly, but me, I'm like, I'm always thinking about other things, like bigger things, yeah, and you

Matthias Miller  04:46
always will do that. So, so with her. So, okay, why does this matter? The reason why it matters is that she has an expectation that you don't do this, and instinctively you are going to do this. So when it comes to performance review, she's not going to like that you're doing this, which you're going to do anyway, because instinctively you do it, but she has expectations that you don't Okay, does that make sense? Yeah, like it's a, it's a, it's a performance review. Conflict waiting to happen.

Speaker 3  05:18
Okay, does that make sense? Yeah, difference in expectation? No,

Matthias Miller  05:22
why is this difference of expectation? There? There are a few reasons. One, well,

Speaker 2  05:27
probably because she's been doing it longer than me, and I'm new, so maybe I feel like there should be better things. Okay,

Speaker 1  05:32
she did the role.

Speaker 2  05:36
Yeah. I mean, she's, she's more. She's been doing it for like, three years or four years,

Unknown Speaker  05:41
okay, and or, and

Unknown Speaker  05:44
I just, yeah, go ahead.

Speaker 1  05:46
She sees herself in it. Oh,

Speaker 2  05:49
she sees what fits for hers. And so she follows that, and everyone else should.

Unknown Speaker  05:54
Yes, do you misunderstand? What's required, or

Unknown Speaker  06:10
she did the you're both right. Go ahead.

Speaker 2  06:14
Her basic focus is numbers, just getting the numbers. I don't care really how you do it. Just get it. I mean, she cares. I mean, there's a structure to do it, but that's all she's focused on. But she's so new to the leadership job. Like, I mean, she she's not new to the job, new to leadership, right, right in this field, so I think, but I'm new, and I'm like, I haven't been seasoned or, like, corrupted. I don't know, like, sure made, I guess, into a certain way. So I'm like, do this. I always try to make things happen with whatever way I think is efficient, yeah. Like, so, I don't want this done. Okay, well, let me reach out to this person, get this, right, you know, and just get what I need. Like, I don't, I don't. I don't sit around and just wait for somebody to do something. Yeah, do

Matthias Miller  07:16
you know anything about her process she was previously in this role?

Unknown Speaker  07:20
Yeah, she's still doing it.

Matthias Miller  07:22
You're still doing it. Do you know anything about her process, how she approaches it?

Speaker 2  07:27
I have no idea. Really. Like, what do you mean? Like, everything

Unknown Speaker  07:33
she email her.

Unknown Speaker  07:34
That's a good question. A texter. I

Unknown Speaker  07:36
have no idea. Just knowing from her person,

Speaker 2  07:39
I think she said she sent text messages and choose going one onesies and twosies, like one by one, which is a nightmare, because that's so much like, if you're calling, you're calling, but it's just yeah. I was like, see, that's old way. Now we have the new way. And so before the only our leader up to Benjamin Birdsall. He was our boss before, and he did the project broadcast thing, which is the new way of doing things, more or less. And she never did it before. So I want to learn like from the best. So I went out of my way. So we're not okay. So when we went, This is me, man. So what we went to this training in New Mexico, in Santa Fe and this guy was there, and we were all there, we're all doing the same job, but we're doing a training or whatever. And he was there, and he was like a beast, like, I just knew, like, I could see, like, by his answers and what he was saying, I was like, This guy's awesome. I gotta meet this guy. Like, I want to, I need to be under this guy. So I, as soon as we had a break, I went over to him. Was like, you're awesome, man. Like, what the hell? Like, I need to learn from you. Like, I didn't waste any time, yeah. And so I was like, he's like, oh yeah. And he's like, I can send you all this stuff. Okay, cool. So he sent me different tools and stuff like that on my email. I didn't have time to really sit with them or anything. So then, so then I think I got with him. So our EXO at battalion, he's the one that manages all the money, and he was like, Hey, we have $100,000 left for the FY to use for travel. And I'm like, Okay. I was like, I was like, well, and I talked to him, and I was like, Hey, how about we set up some training? Like, can I, can I train with you? Yeah? And he's like, Yeah, of course. Like, I've done it many times before my previous battalion, because he was new here. And he's like, Oh yeah, definitely. And I'm like, All right, well, can we, can I go see go over there, Fort. Sill, right, wise, remember, can I over there? You come here? He's like, Oh, better here. Just come here, because I have everything set up or whatever. I'm like, All right, so then I called up, you know, I called up my people, I called up. I asked my supervisor at the time, like, hey, I want to do this. Can you reach out to our finance guy and ask him, like, Can I do this? And then he said, Yes. And so we made it happen. And then I've flew over there, and it's just stuff like that that I love about me. You know, that I'm willing to go out of the norm and to do something that is beneficial to me, and then also ended up being multiple people benefited, like four of us went, Yeah, so because of me speaking out, yes, we got all four of these leaders, got this training, yeah, and got a good base before the FY started, yeah. And so I just, I love that. It's so cool, yeah, that I was able to make that happen. I mean, obviously I'm not the one doing everything, but I instigated it and got the ball rolling and motivated the parts yes to roll. Yes. I was the gasoline. Yes. So I love that. So cool. You know, to make something happen out of nothing, yes. And I actually did that a long time ago, when I was in I was in Egypt. We went and did some a mission. I was Brent. I was yelling, I was like, 19 or something, 1819, and we went over there, and we were working on the port, and we were loading this ship with equipment, military equipment, and the tank, it was broken down, and it wouldn't go up the ramp. And my my my supervisor, my boss, my NCO. That's why later he had to go do something he was and it was just me in like a group of soldiers, yeah, and I remembered how he taught me, he taught he showed us earlier how to do it, tie it down onto the to the they had to load it onto a trailer and tie it down and then drive it up, you know. And I remembered, and I was like, Well, I'm just sitting around. And I was like, let's do it. And I rallied everybody, and I told them what they were going to do, and then we did it. And and then he came back, and that was when I got my first coin from a sergeant major. And so, you know, me being as a private, like the bottom of the totem pole, I just took the initiative, yeah? And I made it happen, yeah? And that's so cool, you know, because then he come my my father came back. He's like, Oh, you did it already. Because he was expecting us to be sitting there waiting, and he was so proud. And then I got the coin, and I was like, that's the first, that's the beginning of that I can remember, really, that I, that I made, I did start, you know, and made it happen.

Unknown Speaker  12:59
You know, what you were, you would really excel

Matthias Miller  13:06
if you wouldn't be responsible for your own numbers, but you would be responsible for everybody's numbers, and you would be, I don't know if the dynamics could work out for This episode, but hypothetical scenario, and you rally them around, and let's swap tails, and let's find best practices, and let's go get this training, and let's go integrate these processes like, be the catalyst. Like, what if we could all there's a better way, right? I'm gonna go find the proven better way, and now I'm gonna innovate over here using the proven better way and, like, and I have a group of people right that I'm seeing after you're willing to do the work, who can do some of this work that's, you know, not as much in your lane. Like, totally, totally, you, yeah,

Speaker 2  13:59
you meaning finding finding what's going out to the field. So to say, and figuring out what is the best practices, what is most effective, innovative, and then implementing it on a bigger scale, yes,

Speaker 1  14:19
and having the spark to be like, right, forging ahead, right?

Speaker 2  14:26
That's cool, like an advisor, kind of, or in I don't know what that title would

Speaker 3  14:30
be. I don't even know what the title would be. What would that be? What would

Unknown Speaker  14:33
be that position?

Matthias Miller  14:37
And informal, this is not as a position, but as a I'm not using the so there might be position for this, but think of it as a change agent,

Unknown Speaker  14:49
catalyst.

Unknown Speaker  14:57
There's this very interesting i

Matthias Miller  15:10
It's catalyst for changes. More than that, it's the i

Matthias Miller  15:23
It really is, let's go find the proven things and take them into the future.

Speaker 2  15:35
Proven Uh huh or something, I think would be

Matthias Miller  15:40
has a the potential greater than zero likelihood of success. Okay, you're not one. Tell me if I'm wrong. You innovate, but you do enough research that even though there's variability and risk, you've already evaluated most of that, right? And you wouldn't, you would never innovate with something you haven't researched,

Speaker 2  16:06
right, something that I feel in my gut, that is, we're feeling like it will work. Yeah, right.

Unknown Speaker  16:15
And that's the

Speaker 2  16:19
that's where I think I see, I see value, I guess, in certain people or things, and then I capitalize on it. I guess, in a way, it's not the right word, but I

Speaker 2  16:41
invest in it, I guess, like, seek it out and take it and use it. I don't know if that's the right thing, but

Matthias Miller  16:50
interesting. Yes, it is. Yeah, you look at people as not from a, not from an exploitative way, people as resources. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  17:00
right.

Matthias Miller  17:02
There's something. I'm gonna go extract it from them, use my fact but

Speaker 2  17:07
Right? But I'm gonna do it in a way where it's not like it's I'm doing it in a way where I come from the right place, yeah, like my heart is in the right place. It's not that I'm trying to be better than you or

Matthias Miller  17:21
no, and it's actually you've already described how you do it, right? You're like, this is not a I'm here to rip you off or to steal from you. This is a you. This is exactly how you approach me. What you do is so awesome, right? Yeah, like, I want to, I want that, yeah, it's what you did with Benjamin, right? Like, what you're doing, no, anyway, what you're doing is so awesome. It's coming from place of honor and respect, right? And I want to, I want that, wow,

Unknown Speaker  18:00
times, right? Blau, yeah, I

Unknown Speaker  18:01
didn't give you his name. Benjamin is the other my supervisor.

Speaker 3  18:03
Supervisor, yeah. Blau, so

Speaker 2  18:09
I recognize, not, not talent, but I guess, yes, yeah, talent, expertise, gold.

Speaker 1  18:19
It's like, I recognize gold. It's like, which is what you're doing with Trump. So

Unknown Speaker  18:31
I love that guy. It's

Speaker 1  18:34
this person's waters, like this is how you view the world. Yeah,

Speaker 2  18:43
right, yeah, right, totally. I mean, I see value in everyone, but, but, yeah, I guess everyone has an expertise in something, generally speaking, yeah,

Matthias Miller  18:57
it doesn't mean you don't see value. Oh, but, but you have, you have a you get your admission goggles for this stuff. Yeah, you're on the lookout, yeah, other people is like, oh, oh, that. Like, who's that person? You're like, No, I heard this comment that this person made about X, Y and Z, and I'm making all the connections,

Speaker 2  19:24
right? This person, this person's a really fucking valuable person. Because

Speaker 1  19:28
guess what? You have a fascination with what's on

Speaker 2  19:31
the inside, right? What makes somebody tick, what makes them tick, what makes them an expert?

Matthias Miller  19:37
It's the same thing that gets you fascinated about work.

Unknown Speaker  19:42
It, yeah, the unknown, the inside,

Unknown Speaker  19:44
the inside, the unseen. Yeah,

Speaker 2  19:46
right, and yeah, totally, and go ahead. So

Unknown Speaker  19:52
then you see it, spot it.

Unknown Speaker  19:58
Then I go after it. Go after it in whatever way that it is. Could be many different ways, many

Unknown Speaker  20:06
different ways. And then you

Speaker 3  20:11
so true. Then you rally others to implement it. Yeah,

Speaker 2  20:19
yeah. Multi faceted benefit, I guess, multi person,

Speaker 1  20:26
yeah, so this is your formula,

Speaker 2  20:30
and the rallying is kind of a new thing, I think, that I didn't really mean to do necessarily, and that sounds bad, but it worked out that way, because, like, I was just gonna do the training for me initially. And then he was like, Okay, well, we could take on, like, a few more people him, he said that. And I was like, okay, cool. And I guess initially it came from a selfish honestly, it did come from a selfish place, because I want to be the best, but, but it worked out so now every it's not so it worked out in a way, that it ended up being a benefit to me, because I'm, it's good to be, it's good to take for yourself, but it's even better to take, to take and give for multiple people, because it says a lot more about you. I guess, even though it wasn't my, my decision ultimately.

Matthias Miller  21:25
So I mean, it's, it's both end is you're driven to be the best, well, yeah, but then it's also you're driven to inspire and lift up other people too, right?

Speaker 2  21:34
Yeah, yes, totally. But this, this job, is a competitive job, especially right now, but, but, but ultimately that is Yeah, where my heart is, yeah, for sure, for sure. So good. I love the drawing. That's good. It's true. I mean, I do I do that. I totally do that, totally, like, if I see somebody, or I meet someone, and I'm like, this person's really awesome for this reason. And then I and then I get that, I build that relationship and with my own personality, yeah, yeah. And, and then that's, then we're good, like, we're cool, like, I'm good with that totally that's natural for me and this other guy, the finance guy, he's our ex, so he's super cool. This guy, maybe I just got lucky with cool people. Maybe I don't know that might be it. But now, you know, I mean, he takes care of everyone, but I know that he's he's gonna take care of me, yeah, because he knows me and because and so that relationships are priceless, like that is just the way of life, like, unless you want to be in the middle of nowhere living off the land by yourself, like, whatever. But I like the network. Yeah. I like networking to get things done. It's exciting. Yeah, it's cool. Yeah. But, um, I mean, I don't always, well, I always get a yes, really, I usually always get what I want. That sounds really bad, but I usually do if I feel like it's something that I can do, like, oh my gosh, it's amazing. Oh my gosh, so good. It's so true. Like, like, there's so many examples of, like, times where I wanted something and I went after it and I got it. Like, it's just because you have to have a give a shit. Like, if you really want something, you can make it. If there's a will, there's a way, and, you know, whatever means that is like, it's not like I'm taking advantage of anybody, but, but I make the calls, I make the connections, so I can get what I want, and now maybe it can translate into making it not just for me, but for multiple people on a bigger Scale.

Unknown Speaker  23:58
Interesting. You're driven by scale too.

Speaker 2  24:01
Believe me, I mean, the bigger, the better, or something. Or what if

Matthias Miller  24:06
you could change what you're doing with recruiting and get 100 people in a room and and close close from a stage, you would totally do that 10 times sooner than any other approach.

Unknown Speaker  24:22
Interesting, yeah, I've never done that before, but

Unknown Speaker  24:26
I'm saying, if you could, right? You mean, if

Unknown Speaker  24:28
I had the capability or the whichever, if you think I'd be better at it than other people, I would hope so. I'm

Matthias Miller  24:37
not saying you're better at it or worse. I'm saying, if you have saw the glimmer of possibility that you could actually do that,

Unknown Speaker  24:44
Oh yeah, totally,

Speaker 3  24:46
you would totally go out, yeah, for sure, yeah, yeah, yeah,

Speaker 2  24:50
yeah, as long as I'm confident in what the hell I'm talking about, are you because it depends on what we're talking about. But Well, if it comes to my if it comes to my job, I'm not like, I'm not fully I don't know all of the what do they call them products as well as they should. That is really important to know. Like, all the benefits. I know the benefits, but really know them through and through.

Matthias Miller  25:19
Giving yourself permission? And could you do this to spend a week, and I don't know if that's right, but spend a week doing nothing but falling deep down the product rabbit hole.

Unknown Speaker  25:30
I've never done that, but that would be great. Is

Unknown Speaker  25:32
there anything that would keep you from doing that?

Speaker 2  25:36
Numbers? I have a lead line that I'm supposed to do every month so it could dedicate a certain amount of time, a day or the weekend,

Matthias Miller  25:49
but is the number? Are your numbers? Lead metrics, lag metrics. When it's outreaches and closes,

Speaker 2  25:57
well, it is contacts like you need to make, you don't have, there isn't a quota, but you do need to have communication with as many people as you can. And if you're not doing that, that's the issue, because they can see all that in our system. But as far as actual closed numbers, we have a number that we have to make every month. So I think she was aiming for like five total for the month actions. But I already have, I think I have five already, but, yeah, but that's it is separate between, like, I'm supposed to get three IRR transfer this month, and I don't have anything Right now, so, but so yeah, there is quotas. I

Speaker 2  27:05
I love that, though it's so true. That is so true about me. I'm good at that, really good. Now on a bigger scale, interesting? Yeah, it's just balancing out that, and then all the other expectations that are on me, you know, is thinking like giving room for the bigger picture of what this stuff like that, and then working on everything that's expected. Do you have a time like a when you work on bigger things, like every day? Or is it once a week, or like a group, like working on something that's above what you're already doing. So with your strength, you know, I guess you are probably doing that, obviously.

Matthias Miller  28:06
So it's been season, you know, I think for me, it's, it's always been, even though I wanted to be faster than this, it was always, oh, this is really terrible, like, let's find something less terrible. Okay, this is survival. Was there something better? Oh, there's this one thing that's better. And then for most of my time, it was, here's the base expectations. And then there's a season of time where it's like, I'm gonna flip it, okay, I'm not going to. Why say I'm going to, instead of starting with the expectations, I'm going to flip it, and I'm going to work on the big things, okay, and then respond to whatever else shows up, okay? And I was, you know, certainly unfortunate. I'd have to have the freedom to do that. For me, I needed that much space to really,

Speaker 2  29:02
to even grow up, to grow up out of

Matthias Miller  29:06
that, because it's a different, completely different mode of operating, okay, for me. So I

Speaker 2  29:15
guess everybody's situation is different. Obviously,

Matthias Miller  29:19
the question is, can you have you come across any role? I didn't even notice that my battery stopped there anyway. Are you aware of any role

Unknown Speaker  29:33
where this plays? Talent Management?

Speaker 2  29:38
That just came to my mind. I guess you seek out talent,

Unknown Speaker  29:42
so how and

Speaker 2  29:47
fit it where best serves whatever purpose that we're going for. I guess I'm really good at that. I guess.

Unknown Speaker  29:56
So what would it take for you to

Unknown Speaker  30:00
seeing the strengths in people. I'm good at that. What would it

Unknown Speaker  30:03
take for you to get a role in talent management?

Speaker 2  30:07
They actually have a warrant officer? New MOS that is specifically for that, and it's in my field, but I don't have an experience in the job to be chosen. There's more there's way more people that are more qualified than me. Maybe they don't have the innate ability that I do, or whatever. But

Matthias Miller  30:33
so if you made a pitch that said I don't have the experience per se, but I'm a learner, and I'm a researcher, and I commit to growth, and I have the innate capability, right? Is this a bureaucratic No, because we literally can't hire you because you can't fill that position. Because, you know, or is, it's a discretionary decision.

Unknown Speaker  31:07
Discretionary? Yeah, it is.

Speaker 1  31:12
So you've disqualified yourself before you give them a chance to make a decision, yeah, because,

Speaker 2  31:16
because of the mass amount of people that are gonna, better have can apply. I think that's why it's because I'm like, Well, who? Who am I like, Oh, they're gonna look at the paper and they're like, this person, the only way for me to win that is to actually get in front of them, and that would be hard to pull off with just my document. Who's

Unknown Speaker  31:37
the decision maker?

Speaker 2  31:41
Good question. Um, it would be some I'd have to figure that out. I'm not sure I can. I can get the information. It's somebody that is like the top of that, proponent of that, of that field. They're the ones who would say

Matthias Miller  32:02
is there I'm pushing you? Is there a way that you could sit down and have a conversation with them and say, I have been so committed to finding how I do things the best and really where my core competency and talent lies, and I spend a whole day right my

Speaker 3  32:24
own. I need a certificate. I can give you a certificate if you want, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  32:29
with a vowel, I guess. Can you do that?

Matthias Miller  32:32
Let me know what you need, and if you can send me a sample or whatever, okay, of some kind, because I don't normally do that, but I am more than happy to put something

Speaker 3  32:40
together for that for you. Oh, awesome. Yes, that would be amazing. And I spent

Matthias Miller  32:45
my old, owned coal, hard earned cash to do this, my own investment, right? And this is after this surfaced. This is what came to the surface. Exactly. That says a lot from a Colby certified consultant, if you want to throw that in there. And obviously I'm bringing a lot of stuff that's not from covid. Stuff that's not from Colby, like this is just a small little thing, yeah, if that adds any, any

Speaker 2  33:06
point of I think that would be really good, actually. And

Speaker 3  33:11
I can show well,

Speaker 2  33:15
you have your time, but I could show you what the expectations are what they're looking for. But, I mean, I can, it's fine, but I don't want to ask too much of you. We'd see So, but that's cool. That's crazy. That's good, yeah, so

Matthias Miller  33:33
in ask them, what would it take for me to actually have a good shot at this? Oh,

Speaker 2  33:38
yeah, you're good that's really good, actually. What exactly are you looking for? Yes and what? What's the tipping point for you? Yes, you choosing a candidate, I guess. And

Unknown Speaker  34:00
when you do that, what

Speaker 2  34:02
do you value most in the qualities of a for this position and

Matthias Miller  34:07
and then, first and foremost, you if you actually have an in person meeting to understand that, asking in depth questions, which you're going to do, and you're probably going to prepare, for

Speaker 2  34:19
example, actually kind of off topic, yeah, but when I um, the job prior to this one, I never did the job, ever, I never, I didn't know anything, and I but I wanted the money, and so I was, like, because the job is a lot, it's a lot, yeah, it's a lot. So, I mean, obviously there's jobs harder than that, but I was, I really didn't want to do it, because I knew how much water is going to be stressed. So plus, it was in space. In army space, it's like, it's the only one in the whole Army Reserve. It's the only battalion ever. So it's a big deal. Yeah. And I was like, I don't know shit like, about this field or this job, but I'm like, let's do it. I'm applying. I need it. I took the jump, yes, and I got an interview, yeah, just off of my resume, apparently, and that was it, and and I did the interview, and the day prior, I wrote up three pages of questions that I thought they would ask me, and my answer, yes, yeah. And I was so ready. I was so prepared that they were, they were I was asking them questions, and they didn't know the answer, and they were like, I'm going to get back to you on that. Yes, that was insane. It felt like I was interviewing them, it was insane, and they were so I think they were so impressed. Like, I knew how did good I did, by the way that they were responding to me, I just knew it was so good. Like, I think they were shocked.

Unknown Speaker  36:00
So you told me earlier, yeah, that shit,

Unknown Speaker  36:02
that was awesome, man, yeah, it's like, I

Speaker 3  36:05
decided to do something. Yeah, you do it, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  36:09
yeah,

Unknown Speaker  36:13
you can totally do this.

Unknown Speaker  36:16
Yeah, okay,

Matthias Miller  36:19
I believe you, you can figure it out. Guess what you're going to do? Yeah, you're gonna Okay. First of all, yeah, problem number one, timid about walking into the office or setting up the appointment and having that conversation, get past that. You're gonna go find the information, and you're gonna figure out how you need to course correct. And if there's a timeline, and you can get some action in and do some learning, right, or whatever it is that you need, and you can have part of it and come back for a follow up conversation as a side note. Like, okay, I've done this and this and this. Like, is this like, what do you see like? So, like, a

Speaker 2  37:03
back and forth. It could be a back and forth thing to establish relationship, one relationship

Speaker 3  37:09
that's huge and proof of interest and commitment, right? Exactly, how

Matthias Miller  37:13
many people? Okay, so I ran recruiting for ran, yeah, I did some recruiting for client. We did. We ran on LinkedIn, we got, I don't even remember, 1000 applications, and then, and we gave specific instructions that we got, like that people had to follow. They said we would consider you otherwise, right? And only, like, a couple 100, oh, wow, that.

Speaker 2  37:39
And everybody else didn't really pay details. Oh,

Matthias Miller  37:44
and, yeah, I understand that there's some, you know, sometimes employers do set too high a standard for what people need to do to apply. But there are a lot of people who are like, wow, I really want that job. Click the button, send the paper or send the send, send the info, like, whatever. It's just a

Unknown Speaker  38:06
check the blog. There's no

Matthias Miller  38:07
real effort, right? All dreaming exactly and when, and a good leader is going to notice when somebody is actually willing to put in the work. True, very true and like, real work, like, I'm not just here to persuade you, but I'm here to figure out what hoops are there to

Unknown Speaker  38:26
jump through, and what you guys need, which, how

Speaker 3  38:28
can I feel that and how can I fill that need? Wow, there you go. And that's the other thing, yeah, because yes, you

Speaker 2  38:35
How can my expertise, my my built in innate abilities benefit you and your mission, your goal, correct?

Matthias Miller  38:42
Because everybody else is like, this is a cool job. Cool, calm, whatever, right, it's they'll see that the thing, I think, the most shocking thing in the world I've had conversations with people over the last number of months that have blown my mind, that this kid from rural Kansas has no legitimate reason to ever be having a conversation with these people and the people that they're connected to. Okay, do you know what I needed to build rapport with these people and get connected me. I spent years looking for what thing out there do I need to finally be, quote, successful, right? Be whatever. How can I finally be with, I don't know, amazing people, whatever

Speaker 2  39:46
that level of these, this group, okay, always

Matthias Miller  39:50
trying, trying, trying, right? The only thing that shifted? Well, there have been a lot of things that shifted, but the primary thing that shifted was, yes, becoming more becoming healthier on the inside, becoming more clear on who I am, but above anything else, being genuinely me and looking for genuine connection. Yeah, and that blasts doors off of places that you can't get in any other way, and the same is true for you. The thing that you need to get into the into the position and role that you're supposed to be in is you like just

Speaker 2  40:38
doing what I do best? Yes, what's worked for me? Yes, yeah, true. You're right. And maybe

Matthias Miller  40:47
part jumping back to this morning,

Unknown Speaker  40:50
here you go.

Matthias Miller  40:52
Here is this thing that's should you choose to accept, is the thing that will push you in your relationship with God too.

Speaker 2  41:02
It's such a big scale too. It's a larger, lot bigger scale of influence that you know in that position. Wow.

Unknown Speaker  41:20
What are you thinking? It's

Speaker 2  41:20
good. I mean, it's had a thought until my phone rang. I'm sorry. I should have put it on silent, but I had a thought before. I'm gonna slip my mind, but that's it makes, it makes complete sense that position for me totally. I think I just, I didn't think about it in that way, like, the way that I know, like, I didn't think about it. Well, maybe I can make it happen this way. And then also the unknown is kind of scary, like, I don't know, you know, but there was this guy that I met one time, like a year ago or a couple years ago, and he said he used to do evaluations of people, like their mental state for like, higher positions of authority, like genitals and stuff like that. And I was like, Oh, that is so cool. You know, like to ask people questions and evaluate their state of mind and and I just thought that was super cool. And then he would advise the ones making the decisions on what he thought. And I just thought that was super cool. Like, that's a cool job. Just ask people questions and advise all day, like, I mean, ask people questions and figure out why they are, how how they operate, you know, why they do what they do, and where the fire comes from, I guess. Yeah, yeah. So anyway, all so many different things that I have brought to my mind today, like so many different things that I never really realized. Like I know these things, but I never really put it into a way that it where I would excel. And that is crazy, because it's me, yeah, so me, so I'm just and now I know like the path, like what I can do to make it happen is what I already do to make things happen. So that's huge. Yeah, it's really big, because that job is a really good job. I mean, it's new, it's a totally new field. And the reason why I was like, I don't think I qualify for this because, well, experience, but also because there's so many other like, this is a whole component, like, component, I guess you could say, like, there's a recruiter side, and then there's the retention side, and both feed into the job, can apply, and that's a huge pool of people. And I'm like, well, these people have been doing the job and they have all this experience, then they're probably better than me. But that doesn't mean that they don't they have the same innate ability that I do. They just know processes and procedures. Have

Matthias Miller  44:53
you ever heard of the concept of the Peter Principle? Peter director, who's a famous management consultant, and he said that people are usually promoted to their level of incompetency or beyond their level of competency. I mean, okay, if you got somebody who's really good as a cashier, you don't know if they're going to be good running the store true, right? There's also an inverse, that sometimes people have to be promoted past their their level of incompetency.

Unknown Speaker  45:29
Yeah, totally makes sense, yeah,

Speaker 2  45:31
because they'll flourish, because they'll grow into it. I don't know that's not the right word,

Matthias Miller  45:38
yes. And also, experience is important, knowledge is important. Expertise is important. But it's not the only thing right? And there's raw, innate leadership talent, just everything that we've talked about, the leadership thing, that thing's in you. You can't deny it. You can't run from it.

Speaker 2  45:59
I just never thought about it like that. But yeah, and sometimes

Matthias Miller  46:03
you see people with strong leadership, talents gifts, who are stuck at a low level where they can't exercise it. Okay,

Speaker 3  46:13
yeah. So they fail, okay? And so they get stuck. Why would they feel fail?

Matthias Miller  46:20
Because, because, because there's such a vast bow,

Unknown Speaker  46:32
me, pick me.

Matthias Miller  46:36
I stumbled into software, software engineering, software development, because it was something that was really fascinating, and then went, went into, into my career, was told repeatedly that it was exceptional and awesome at what I did, yeah, but never promoted

Speaker 2  46:55
because they but usually they don't want to promote the people that are really good, because they want them there, because they're benefiting the top. If you're really good at your job, the likelihood of you being promoted is slim, more slim, unless they really give a shit about you, which and then they'll promote you. But if they're looking out for their own interests, they'll keep you there because you're making them loaded. Yeah, yeah, that's fair, but anyway, yeah, but it wasn't a fit.

Matthias Miller  47:20
I was absolutely dying, okay, inside, come to realize that I'm much more. I didn't know myself much of that, yeah, we just didn't.

Unknown Speaker  47:35
You were good at the job, but you were unhappy. I was very

Matthias Miller  47:38
unhappy, come to find out, you know, very curious about people. Relationships matter. People matter, right? More interested in, you know, became really good at the systems and the things, but that wasn't where my heart was at, right? And so even, even in other types empty, it was empty. So,

Unknown Speaker  48:06
busy work, kind of busy

Matthias Miller  48:07
work? So even the natural progression in that line of field of work didn't even make sense, right? And that anyway, for you, for me, yeah, for me so rabbit trail, but some just Yeah.

Speaker 2  48:32
So getting back to what you were saying about is that leadership,

Matthias Miller  48:36
sometimes we disqualify ourselves from higher levels of positions, because we don't have historical evidence to prove that we're good, yeah, but our innate talent is suited for it. And trust the innate talent, yeah? And build whatever experience

Speaker 2  48:51
you don't have to be historical evidence. No, it's new, right? Hence faith and trust, right? And leaning in, and then dependency on God, dependency on God, right? And that's usually when I press in, like we're just saying yeah, is when I'm when I have a high expectation on me, or a high call, yeah. So to say that's why I'm like, Okay, I cannot do this without his influence and his his hand on it, yeah, I mean, I can, but not to the ex, the level at all that I could with him, because he knows everyone, and he knows what you're thinking, knows what you're thinking, you're thinking, and he knows exactly what needs to be said, and the only way to know that is with him, because I don't know what people are thinking. You know, I can guess. But why guess when you have the the answer, yeah, because everyone needs something, and God knows exactly what they need. I love that. That's amazing. That is so that's such a privilege, such a privilege to be able to have, and it's not but your heart has to be in the right place. You mean, he can still help you without your heart being the right place,

Unknown Speaker  50:07
but there's blessings.

Speaker 2  50:10
Yeah, you know when he's doing, you know when he's working? You know, because you feel it. It's like I've had multiple times where I'm talking to somebody, and it's like an elevated sense of awareness of in the moment, understanding clarity, like time kind of stops, really, and you feel His presence, because it's peace and it the words are perfect. Like, whatever you're saying is perfect. So to say like, it's it's not fully you. And anyway, I just love when that happens. Yes, it's amazing, because you can see in the other person that they record, they are connecting completely to what you're saying, and it's clicking because it's exactly what they want to hear or need to hear, yeah? And that that's cool, like, that's awesome. There's

Unknown Speaker  51:11
this space because they light up, they light up, yeah,

Matthias Miller  51:16
you know, not everybody I've done, you know, I've done this with every never with outright atheist, definitely agnostics. There's this space. Increasingly, my goal is very simple, to have a conversation where I show up with me being me, with the other person being themselves. And then there's a third voice that shows up, whose Holy Spirit enters into the conversation that not everybody recognizes because they don't have language or context for it exactly. But that's, it's as simple as that, and that's, that's God's love. That's God's love, right there. Yeah,

Speaker 2  52:03
even though you that person doesn't deserve it, doesn't understand, he still loves them anyway,

Unknown Speaker  52:09
he's drawing them, it's his love that. How else would he do it?

Speaker 2  52:13
Not that, but we but the hard part is, especially in that situation, is giving him recognition and praise for it, yeah, because it's him, you know, ultimately, especially if he's speaking to you and to help that person, because that person doesn't want to hear that, probably, which is kind of tough, because you want to glorify him when he's working through you. But in some way, I think you can pray about it so that it does get revealed to them in some way down the road that, Hey, God made this happen for you. You know, God, His timing is perfect. There's a sometimes you just slip it in there in some way. And yeah, they'll look, they'll they will accept it, because they know your heart's coming from the right place, and they know that you you're not pressuring them in any way.

Speaker 3  53:02
Yeah, exactly, exactly. So, yeah, would you want to know today? Oh, my God, I got more of the structure at work. Yeah, in the career path is this crazy? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  53:15
I did not just, you know this. I did not reverse engineer any part of this. I didn't. This was not, I did not secretly put together a 20 point plan for how we're going to end the day for sure. Reaching these things

Speaker 2  53:29
right? Is a weave. It was a weave. Trump talks about that all the time. Did you random? But yeah,

Speaker 3  53:38
so did we hit it? Yeah, totally,

Speaker 2  53:43
okay, yeah, that was crazy. This is amazing. Like, really huge. Like, so good in so many ways, you know. And I'm so glad that we prayed first, because this wouldn't, I don't think this would have been as beneficial if it wasn't for that, you know, I don't think it would have been as clear and it we had so many light bulb moments, You know, so many. And I'm just really thankful. And I need to put the paper some of the things, just so that I don't, oh, I guess we have recordings. Yeah, recordings

Unknown Speaker  54:32
over you and

Speaker 2  54:34
and then I don't know if it's possible. I know it's a lot to ask, but if you could summarize, like the main points that we want, like the main lightbulb. And I kind of, I know already, but that way I can continue when I see it and know that it's,

Speaker 1  54:53
let's, let's recap some of it first, yeah,

Speaker 2  54:58
yeah. And then I me, and then I

Speaker 1  55:09
think, I love the gingerbread man, right? Gingerbread Man,

Speaker 2  55:18
expertise. He the expert gingerbread man.

Speaker 1  55:25
Lean into risk with God. Relationship with God for you is not a linear

Speaker 2  55:42
Okay, yeah, that's true. So my husband is opposite, yeah, which is fun, right?

Unknown Speaker  55:52
The let's just do this trunk characteristics,

Speaker 2  56:01
yeah? And also Dan Muller and I like the combos per feet

Speaker 1  56:14
and performance cap. Cab with s, e, i, what is it? C's,

Unknown Speaker  56:29
S, D, i, s, e,

Unknown Speaker  56:40
talent management.

Unknown Speaker  56:45
Yeah, it is huge. Isn't that crazy? The timing,

Matthias Miller  56:52
it is exception. I do how many times we get into conversations like I get into conversations like these, and we get to the bottom of it. And almost invariably, there is a, it's a resource, person, thing, something, there's something in the person's life that is like, right there, right for the next, next thing,

Unknown Speaker  57:15
wow.

Unknown Speaker  57:18
I think what happens is, you look at all the pieces, and then you see how they fit into that

Speaker 2  57:29
that position, or that pathway. And that's exactly what it's crazy that that actually came to that was like the first thing that came to my mind, that word that for talent management as flaws.

Speaker 2  57:53
It fits into everything that I love, right body language of behavior, finding experts in recognizing talent, recognizing unique abilities, and like, I don't know, resourcing it, yeah, yeah, seeing where It fits. See where it fits, yep.

Matthias Miller  58:22
So I can also turn these transcripts into private chat bot that you can ask me questions. Oh, okay, and use it to search the transcript. Or does that work? I'll give you a link. Oh, no. I

Unknown Speaker  58:35
mean, what does it do?

Matthias Miller  58:36
Or, like, it's like a I'll give you a link, and you'll have, like, this little chat feature, and you can just say, I'll feed in the transcripts, I'll feed in the Colby stuff and unique ability in all your notes. Okay? And you could say, Can you please summarize my unique ability? And, like, it'll pull out. Oh,

Speaker 3  58:56
really does, like, AI stuff, yeah, like aI stuff, cool. And it's all about what we've done to everything, just only related to what we're doing. Wow.

Matthias Miller  59:04
Okay, yeah, cool. So, I mean, it can be a useful tool to go back and look stuff up, and you don't have pages and pages of information,

Unknown Speaker  59:12
information transcripts, and it's an easy way to search and find. Yeah, it's cool. Awesome. What do you think

Unknown Speaker  59:24
I'm excited for you?

Unknown Speaker  59:25
Me too. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  59:27
I never, I never know what to expect from these

Unknown Speaker  59:30
which is what I like, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  59:32
So is it what you expected? I don't know. No, nice. I love it.

Matthias Miller  59:38
I did not expect the talent management to fall into place that easily. No, I was like, we are getting up to the end. I mean, not stressing. It was just like, this is curious, like, we're getting this close to the end, but there's no practical, like, there's nothing practically. And

Speaker 2  59:55
the talent management could be for not just people, but also programs, processes, yeah, like, right, yeah, I think so. So it's, like, a whole thing that's awesome. And then the word just came out as, like, boom, dropped. I'm like, that's amazing.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:14
So God is good. God

Matthias Miller  1:00:16
is good. So give me, and really need some time. I need to head out. Yeah, give me maybe even a couple days to get this stuff over to you. Yeah, and if you shoot over what you need for certificate, we've been getting a certificate together. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:00:34
have you ever thought about doing that, dude one day?

Speaker 3  1:00:39
It should? You should. Hey, it's a new thing, yeah,

Speaker 2  1:00:45
yeah. It's like, certification, kind of, yeah, certification, kind of like, self certification, yeah, I don't know where the term would be, but Right. It's in the worst. I

Unknown Speaker  1:00:53
like it, yeah, I like it.

Speaker 2  1:00:55
I love that. People do that all the time. Like, obviously, like, when you're if you're really good at whatever you're doing, you can make a certificate for it and it creates credibility for whatever the outcome was. Right. And then it granted brands you. Hey. I love it. Awesome. Well I guess I've kept.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai