Unknown Speaker  00:00
Iron Man, mushroom, Turkey Tail mushroom, red light therapy, full body.

Unknown Speaker  00:05
Interesting.

Speaker 1  00:06
Beetroot. There's a different milligrams on here too. Omega three fatty acids. I could send this to you. Nutritional yeast, sir, curcumin, time in nature, one hour per day that's,

Unknown Speaker  00:21
uh,

Unknown Speaker  00:21
in the evening,

Unknown Speaker  00:23
interesting. Yeah, that's huge.

Speaker 1  00:25
A lot of us never do hardly. I've

Matthias Miller  00:28
stopped a lot of zoom calls. I mean, I've not stopped. I've been leaning where I can away from zoom calls and being thrown on. I get a pair of headphones, or just canceling headphones. So mod and let's do phone call. I'm at a lock in these streets, all the neighbors probably think, who's this glutey Dude?

Speaker 1  00:46
This guy's working hard? Yeah, yeah. And then it's like melatonin and no glue, the glue, glutathione, meditation and mindfulness, 35 minutes. We never do.

Matthias Miller  01:01
Yeah, I need to do that. That's something I'm working on. I've been trying to figure out how I've literally thought about, you know, I should just because there are people on Upwork and other places like that where you can hire them for, like, literally seven bucks an hour. I was like, even if I do nothing, but you're here, you're gonna hold me accountable. Like, this is my appointment for me, right? And you're just gonna sit here and like, do nothing, yeah,

Speaker 1  01:28
I need that field, yeah. So,

Matthias Miller  01:35
all right, so, yeah, reflecting back to you. I um, you're good. You're good with energy, reading people's energy, responding to people's energy, creating energy. You're really good being present at the moment. You're You're good at creating memorable moments, moments at stake, moments at last,

Speaker 1  02:12
yeah, yeah, yeah. I think so. I think so, yeah, I'm um, I like to be, you know, well, maybe quiet, but good. Keep going.

Matthias Miller  02:34
You're multifaceted. That's probably one of the biggest things for you. And I share this mostly from personal experience. More than anything else, there's a lot of pressure in the world to be single faceted. But what makes EU is your multifaceted nature. You love multifaceted things, and reason you love it is because you are it

Speaker 1  03:03
interesting. Can you explain how I am multifaceted? What do you mean? Because I like a lot of things, or why? Well, I don't know if I'm able to download the rules.

Speaker 2  03:18
Go for it. There are no rules. Okay, the rules are no rules. Well, let me flip it back to you when

Matthias Miller  03:27
somebody comes up to you, Hey, good morning, Misty, and there's this thing, and they had to guess with 80% likelihood, probability of what they're going to get next. How likely are they able to and this isn't quite multifaceted, is more like

Unknown Speaker  03:56
whimsical and unpredictable. Let me change my question. That's not the right question. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  04:10
I know you're going with it.

Matthias Miller  04:16
Okay, it's you, six different colleagues, friends, people around you. If I go to person number one and ask them, What, what's Misty interested in, they have answered number one, I go to the next person ask them, what's what's she like? What? What's she interested in? Thank you very late, we have a second answer, right? You go to person number three, and there's some common themes. People, yes, empathy, yes. That's like the anchor, yeah. But then there's all these other things and and tell me I might be completely wrong, yeah, but I feel like you're the kind of person where this person shows up and they experience you this way, and this other person shows up and they experience you this way. This other person shows up and they experience you this way, yeah, this person, there's this common interest in this common interest in that thing, and there's the other thing, right? And if they, if it took you out of the picture, they could get in an argument, Oh, for sure, yeah, about who you are and what you're like, because you're multifaceted. Tell me this is true or not, or maybe it's late at all. Um,

Speaker 1  05:39
I think I'm pretty I'm pretty standard when it comes to everyone. Yeah, like, I don't like I can adjust my demeanor, my energy off of someone else. Obviously, it depends on their student mind and I guess, but you have to read the person out, you know, see how they what they need or what they don't want, and you just kind of adjust to that, right? So I guess I am multi Yeah, exactly, yeah, yeah. I adjust to the person, yes, um, but if I feel like they need something, then I'll adjust to that as well. Like, yeah, you know, I will always match them. Sometimes, I will try to balance it by adjusting Yeah, you know, yeah. I'm always me though, but I can adjust my Yeah, I guess. Okay,

Matthias Miller  06:42
let's paint a picture of you. Here's you. You've all these little different components, which we'll get to. Here's this person. This person is really grouchy. They need the funny version. Yeah

Unknown Speaker  06:56
right, yeah.

Matthias Miller  06:57
Here comes the funny version. Yeah right, yeah. Yeah. Here's this person. This person is being lazy. Here comes the kick in the seat of the pants. Yeah? Like, yeah, exactly, not aggressive, but inspiring, yeah. Like, like, okay, like, yeah. Like, amen, yeah. Here comes this person, and they are the you. They are the hyper optimistic. Everything's going to work out. And here, here you come, little pin to pop the balloon, because I like optimism. There's this thing that's saying, Yeah, I'm gonna be real with you. You're not seeing this thing coming, right? Like the investigator, the lawyer comes out. Yeah,

Speaker 1  07:49
you have honesty the reality, the reality comes out, yeah, yeah, right, right. I mean, you can, you can appreciate the energy and optimism at the same time, yes, yes, bringing them to a reality level,

Matthias Miller  08:01
no. And I think there's a difference between optimism and blinded optimism. I would like to draw that distinction. I don't feel like it's like, oh, like, No, you're too heady like, or too like, over the top, too exciting,

Unknown Speaker  08:12
right? Calm down. Like,

Matthias Miller  08:13
let's No. It's like, it's like, you're blinded by the brightness, right, right, like, and I'm not saying maybe that's not a good analogy, yeah, but the picture

Unknown Speaker  08:25
stands right, right, right, yes,

Matthias Miller  08:27
because you just, this is just what you described. Somebody comes to you. You read the situation. What is it that they need? Yeah, there's not one tool in your toolbox, yeah, yeah. You pull out the respective tool in your toolbox, and you hand it to them exactly. And because of that, also just an observation, you love things that are multifaceted, yeah? Like a Swiss Army Knife is more interesting than a hammer, hell, yeah, because the Swiss Army Knife has this thing that gets used in this one situation, yeah? And then there's this other thing, and, and and you've also repeatedly recurring thing you love knowing what's on the inside right? What's on the inside of you a person, right?

Unknown Speaker  09:10
What's

Matthias Miller  09:11
on the inside of the physical body? Yeah, what's inside of and with the Swiss Army knife, what's on the inside of the Swiss Army knife? There's a video online, she can search for where they show you how they make these things. Oh, cool. Reminds me the kind of thing you would be fasting, yeah? What's on the inside? Here's this tool. It opens, Pops, opens this and that, yeah, inside of this,

Unknown Speaker  09:33
exactly. How

Unknown Speaker  09:33
does this get put together?

Speaker 1  09:34
Yeah, yeah. And I like that, um, what's that job thing? I can't remember. There used to be a series where they would tell you, you know, the process of things like you just YouTube, you know, different processes to make things is cool, yeah? Like kimchi. I watched one on kimchi because I like that kimchi. Yeah. I was like, Oh, wow, that's so cool. You know, I see where things come from. Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  09:59
The why, the why, the why, now, the why, yep, why, how they work. Hell, yeah. You love

Unknown Speaker  10:10
I like to ask questions

Matthias Miller  10:11
riddles. People are riddles, yeah, and you see the multifaceted nature of other people. There's their story, there's their situation, there's there's, and you're looking at clues. Mm, hmm, oh yeah, you're the Sherlock Holmes, which you've talked about. This is like, I'm just what you told me. Yeah, Sherlock Holmes, that I Twitch, yeah, whatever it is, yeah, no better than I do, yeah, the detective. I mean,

Speaker 1  10:46
I'm not a nosy person, but I am curious, so if they're in front of me, yeah, you know, if you let me run, I'll go, yeah. Confidence has

Matthias Miller  10:59
been some of your own battle. Was that confidence has been some of your own battle,

Unknown Speaker  11:03
yeah? Oh, yeah.

Matthias Miller  11:08
You felt held back because of things that you've been through,

Unknown Speaker  11:13
yeah, or that I am in, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  11:15
or that you are in, yeah, you're Matt. Go ahead.

Speaker 1  11:20
I was gonna say, Well, my husband, he is usually always a catch. Like, to everything. Like, if I need to go on, I've been going to, like, they call it TDY, when you go somewhere out of, out of when I leave my house and I'm gone for more than a day, sure. I mean, whenever, over all the years, whenever that happens, it's always an inconvenience to him, and he sometimes he's nicer about it. But it depends, like, it depends on what's going on at this at the time. Like, if everything's right, yep, then we're good, yep. But if you don't have a, b, 3z, z, done. Then I'm gonna have an issue. Then it's a problem, yeah, so that's always been that way, where I have to take care of all these things for I do anything in order for him to be like, okay, you know? But the good thing is, when I'm gone, he doesn't bother me, like my break, I mean, from duties. I mean, I'm thankful for my life, but it's like I do, like my break from everything so but anyway, I don't know why I brought that up.

Unknown Speaker  12:42
Well, keep going. I forgot where we're comfortable in your own skin.

Speaker 1  12:46
Am I sometimes depends. Sometimes I'm more confident than other times, but yeah, yeah, mostly Yeah, mostly Yeah. Is that a question or a statement? I think it's a statement. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I not have my insecurities, but everyone does, yeah, but, but I value that. Oh,

Matthias Miller  13:08
it's important to you to be comfortable in your own skin. Oh, yeah, yeah. And were there insecurities? You have a natural propensity to say, How can I move the How can I address the insecurities so I can be comfortable in my own skin?

Speaker 1  13:24
Right? That's why I'm always ready for your son, I guess at all, yeah, so I have, I try to have everything I need so that I'm not uncomfortable. I guess you could say I try to adjust and accommodate so that I'm always in the state of comfortability in every way. Yeah, really nice. Yeah? Like, You'll never catch me without chapstick, You'll never catch me without water, you'll never catch me without, you know, diff i i try to cover all bases. Yeah, I'm like, I mean, I'm very detailed that way, yeah, like I am. I think about everything.

Unknown Speaker  14:07
You're expressive, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  14:09
yeah, for sure, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  14:13
influential, yeah, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  14:18
yeah, I think so do.

Unknown Speaker  14:23
Do you see yourself like that

Speaker 1  14:24
influential? Yeah, I do. I think I could be more in a level, like a higher level, yeah, I don't know what way, but I think I have the capacity to do that, to make to make influence change. But I don't know what I'm

Speaker 1  15:00
trying to where I'm trying to where I'm trying to get out with that, but I think I need to build my confidence more on doing things I'm not comfortable doing. I think that's when I excel, like when I really am. My best is when I'm doing something well, not my best, but when I grow, obviously, that's everyone. But when I'm doing something new, that's a challenge. It's it's good for me. It's exciting because it builds my confidence. Do you ever

Matthias Miller  15:34
feel like there's an internal conflict with something new because part of you wants to go back to the past and figure out the relate? Let's go do the research. Let's go see how it's been done before. Let's go whatever. And I want to do that. But this is also a new situation, and this doesn't completely translate. And I kind of want to do something new, but I kind

Speaker 1  15:52
of want this, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's always like a give tug of war, kind of, yeah, between looking at the research, the history, and then, or whatever, and then looking at what I'm trying to focus on forward so they kind of, they kind of go together, but sometimes, obviously, fight, yeah, yeah, yeah. Because, I mean the past is good and bad, so you can, kind of, can affect your forward movement,

Matthias Miller  16:21
you know. So you're aware that not everyone, when they go into a new situation now, is looking backwards. And you're aware that some people going into new situation only look backwards, okay, or primarily, let's say yeah. Only is a strong word, primarily, yeah,

Speaker 1  16:40
so I'm in the middle. Is that what you're saying? Not just

Matthias Miller  16:45
middle. You do both. Oh, okay, you're looking backwards and forwards, right?

Speaker 1  16:49
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I think so I think, yeah, yeah. That's what

Matthias Miller  16:55
your Colby would say, which we'll get to. Oh, okay, we got a lot of ground to cover. Yeah? Okay, details, investigating, figuring things out, proving things justice, get the bad guy, yeah, there's like a really celebration energy, like dancing on the grave or the bad guy, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. My

Speaker 1  17:16
husband actually got mad about me, at me the other day about that, really, yeah. He got mad at me because I told him. I said, I'm really happy that Diddy's in jail. He was like, he's like, why are you happy for someone's, you know, trouble or something like that? I'm like, well, he deserves it. He's finally got I hate, I love when people are humbled, when people because he is this guy, he thought he was untouchable, the king of the world. Like, see a lot of videos of him. He's so haughty and, like, conceited and fooled himself, and he and I hate that. I don't like that. Like, you can be confident and love who you are without being like that. Like, like, I think Trump is that way, you know, like, he's very, I mean, I don't know if you say narcissistic, but he's very, he loves himself, right? But, but he also loves people, and so it's kind of so anyway, so the name of my Wi Fi is eat a piece of feed a piece of hobo pie. I love it because it because I just don't like when people think that they are the shit, I guess, and they can do whatever they want to do without any consequences. I don't like that.

Matthias Miller  18:41
So this is a great question. This is, you just turn this into heroes, hobbies and hazards? What are other cases where you've where people have gotten angry at you for how you've acted and responded, where you've gotten in trouble? I

Speaker 1  18:54
didn't get to finish that story. Oh, go for that. About my husband. Can you hold that thought? Yeah, so my husband take on mad at me about that. And I was like, well, because, because he's finally getting held accountable for what he's done to people, you know, like, Finally, and he's like, Well, he's like, You should never be happy for someone's pain. And I'm like, okay, I get the point of what you're saying, because it's not healthy for me to want bad for someone else. I guess you could say for someone else to be in a situation of, of, of a tough situation, I guess to be celebratory for that. It's like when people get it's like when people get happy when people are putting put to the death penalty, like being killed, you know the, you know, lethal injection, like, it's kind of, it's evil in a way, like that you're gonna want to kill someone else because of what they did. It's kind of, you know, better, you know, because, but that's, that's a different situation. But I just think that's the basis of what he's trying to say, is, like, you are happy for someone else's demise. It's not like a good thing, and I and I understand that, but people can be redeemed. God will forgive them, but they still have accountability in the physical realm, and even when they die, they're going to be held accountable too. So it's like, that's why God created government, like, because to establish structure and rules and for the even the people who don't follow him, but a lot of the rules are based on the Bible, a lot of our laws. So So anyway, I just, I just like, I just like when people are held accountable. I mean, it's not good for me to be happy, so to say. But I'm just thankful that, finally, yeah, there's

Matthias Miller  20:50
a difference between boundary setting and if you're going to treat people like this, then it's not okay for you to be

Speaker 1  21:02
I like, good, right? I like that because I've never been good at that myself, setting boundaries. Never I'm always, I just take it and I don't really stand up for myself. Just kind of like, adjust and be like, Oh, I make excuses or, yeah, so that maybe that's why I like it so much. Maybe

Matthias Miller  21:23
because it is there, like this is really that's really interesting, because here you have a reflection. Part of what you love about justice is the boundary setting. Here is these people. I admire the fact that they are drawing a line and setting boundaries, not just against anybody, but against some of the most powerful people right in the world, yeah, the criminals, the people

Unknown Speaker  21:45
like, I love that. Yes,

Matthias Miller  21:49
yeah. So there's an invitation for you to explore some time, okay, to go down the journey of, what does it look like for me to set boundaries?

Unknown Speaker  22:01
I know an ass nation

Speaker 2  22:03
there that you want it for you. Yeah, you do. Yeah, I

Speaker 1  22:07
do. I do really bad, but I just can't figure out how to do that with my ass, or really anybody. But I don't know what that looks like for me. I don't know how to be that way. I don't know how to be myself at the same time being that person that sets those boundaries. I don't know what that looks like. You Does that make sense like I know what other people do, but I don't know how. I don't know how I can do that, or when I can do that, or, you know, or

Matthias Miller  22:44
it's possible. You may know what it looks like, right, but you're not sure how to walk through the fallout if you were to do

Speaker 1  22:51
that right or or not, or I don't want to, or you don't right because I, because I feel like it's more that's probably it then, really, because, because I kind of know, I know what to say, but it's like, I think I'm worried about, like you said, the fallout, or the after shock, the after effect of it, Yeah, or what I have to deal with after the fact, and so I try to go the path of least resistance. Can I be still accommodating? Kind

Matthias Miller  23:29
of blunt? Yeah, so following after God is your biggest value. One of the things that came up this morning, one of the themes that we see throughout Scripture is, especially the Old Testament, is like judges in particular, it's like a repeat. You really shouldn't have any other gods. Okay, we won't, but you're really not doing what we want. I think we'll try this one over here. Yeah, you really shouldn't have any other gods. Yeah, you're really right, like you shouldn't and but we don't like the way that there's something here that makes us uncomfortable. I think we'll go back because we liked our gods, but they didn't really give us what we need. After all, right, you should not have any other guys, right? Yeah? Like, it's the story, like, this is giants,

Speaker 1  24:26
yeah? And then they asked for a king, right? They asked for a king, yeah? And God was like, No, that's not what. It's not, right? Did you say that? Yeah, that's not what I want for us. And they're like, no, but we really want it. And he's like,

Matthias Miller  24:39
okay, okay, like, Here you go. So we talked about money being so the question is, who's who's in charge? Okay, we talked about money. So the challenge with money is, and this is the challenge. Challenge is not $1 or million dollars, because somebody with $1

Unknown Speaker  25:01
can still choose

Matthias Miller  25:03
not to fear God or not to respect him, or not to love him not to and they can go rob somebody, right, right? Somebody with a million dollars can say, now I have the right to abuse and control and self serve and self medicate and destroy my life and whatever each one is allowing money to to direct their steps, right, instead of allowing so. So here is this. Here's Money is God, and instead God is like, I, God wants to be God, right, right. Okay, so here's the very I think this is way deeper than and I don't even know that I'm the right person to get into this, but it's a I'd like to plant a seed,

Matthias Miller  25:55
just as a Question. So which is more important to you, your husband and his approval and his thoughts and his opinions and his responses, or God, and if he's laying it on your heart,

Speaker 1  26:17
I think do something that's probably my husband right now. I mean, it should be God, but it's him, because he's in my face all the time, and he's in the physical God is there, but he's not in my face. I don't have to deal with him in a way, right? You know? But he is, and so that's why I've catered to him, to him more, because I have to deal with him. So he affects my life in the physical God affects my life in every way. But it's easier to put him to the side because I don't see him. You know, even though he has a F, he has influence over everything. It's just easier to put him on the back burner because he not, you can't see him. He doesn't hurt you, or he doesn't, you know, affect, he doesn't try to control you, yeah, but, but he, but he does. So that's why I think it's easier to dismiss him, but not put him as priority because he's not affecting my mental state. He should, he should be, honestly, yeah, he would be more than my husband would be in a good way. But it's like, it's easier to focus on him because it's damage control, instead of being proactive with God, you know, so,

Matthias Miller  27:45
so the invitation is, I don't think these are, I think navigating those types of situations which is not within The scope, and I'm not qualified, yeah, but I can tell you from observation and experience in various parts of my life that we need people okay, first of all, maybe leaning in to what God has in that space there is the big risk. Is the next big risk that he's inviting you to that requires complete and utter dependence on him. Okay with your husband exploring like, what? What does it look like? Oh, okay to walk through. Because

Speaker 1  28:40
if that, then I think other things will fall into place better.

Speaker 2  28:49
It's it's affecting you, yeah, it's weighing on you, yeah, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  28:56
common sense,

Matthias Miller  28:58
no, just yeah, just observing, yeah. And the second observation is that it's really healthy for for us to have people who have helped others navigate those types of situations, but also know how to do it in a way that's dependent on the Holy Spirit and brings God into the picture to walk through and navigate

Speaker 1  29:30
it right. So addressing that issue with him and letting him work it for us, work it for me, meaning, show me what to do and how to do it, and affect the situation in ways I could never do, and learn and and I think, I think what it is, is, is making it a priority, kind of making it important. And I haven't for so long, because it's just easy to to bypass with other other things I can fill my time. But obviously, so I think, yeah, I think that I should address it. Obviously I need to. It's,

Matthias Miller  30:12
I only present this as an invitation to explore.

Speaker 1  30:17
You feel like that's a big that's a hindrance, obviously, well, progression, yeah, dealing

Matthias Miller  30:26
with that is going to force you to deal with the things that are slowing you down and all the other parts,

Speaker 1  30:35
right? Because I think if I can master that, so to say I can use that in other ways in my life, because then I'll have it, because that's the biggest hot hurdle, if I can get that.

Matthias Miller  30:50
So what are some of the blocks right now that you have towards your dreams, financial, confidence, clarity, yeah, hearing yourself, what are the things that what? What is the situation that's creating the most noise in those areas? Another question, I mean, I think it's kind of clear with the answer, yeah, yeah, yeah, right,

Speaker 1  31:27
yeah, it's really clear. Yeah, it's like the elephant. I mean, it's totally obvious, but it's easy to just over, to ignore, because I've done it for so long that I know how to, like, compensate, kind of,

Unknown Speaker  31:49
kind of, you know, I

Unknown Speaker  31:50
got like, three wheels.

Speaker 2  31:53
If I lead this way and don't sneeze, I'll be fine. Yeah.

Speaker 1  31:58
So, yeah, exactly. Okay. That's my task number one, because

Matthias Miller  32:04
to also an observation, the only way for you to accommodate and adapt in that situation currently means shutting off your emotions and locking them down, yeah, which, as a side note, is one of your biggest unique capabilities, emotion, uh huh, yeah, yeah, like big Time, yeah.

Speaker 1  32:37
So it's, it's totally counterproductive to my strength, yeah, because it's cutting it off, and then that turns it's like cutting the, you know, the foot or the the faucet, yeah,

Matthias Miller  32:51
uh huh. And so which, it's almost like analogy. So you're leaving home, you go into work, and you're quick trying to crank on the faucet. So you get to work and, like, be at your best, and then go home. You're quick turning it back off. Yes, you can isolate, oh, you can be and you can survive the situation. Wow,

Speaker 1  33:12
that's crazy. That's so true. Yeah, so it's a constant, like, switch off, switch on, switch Yes, yeah, you're right. I never know about like that. I didn't either that's good. That was really good. Yeah, that's so and that's probably, yeah, that's a stressor for sure, because it's because it's, um, it's a lot of work to go from zero to or 60 to zero or whatever every day. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  33:47
wow, yeah, huh,

Unknown Speaker  33:51
that's good. I like that. Okay,

Matthias Miller  33:59
yeah, that's the feel good. Great news of the day. Yeah, easy thing to check off the list and move on. Just kidding.

Unknown Speaker  34:05
Let me go Grab my knife. Oh, yeah, yes.

Unknown Speaker  34:49
You said there's little bits in there. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  34:51
there's like a grapefruit and a lemon thing. Turn it, yeah, that's the right one, yeah? Oh, cool. There's like grapefruit in back. I think it's grapefruit some kind of Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  35:19
I guess it's

Speaker 1  35:21
funny, I almost want my trump food in here. I almost wear my trump then I walked in Paris, walls all over, they would have shunned me. Shane, this

Matthias Miller  35:37
establishment is more, I mean, Canton is generally right leaning, but oh, okay, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  35:42
I was surprised when I saw I was like, really this establishment

Unknown Speaker  35:45
here? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  35:56
So back to the list. Unpredictable, never know what to expect, spontaneous me or my life, you.

Unknown Speaker  36:04
Oh yeah,

Unknown Speaker  36:06
yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  36:09
I'm very jolly though, yep, very like, I just want everyone to be happy and like, be feel welcome and special. Yeah, important.

Matthias Miller  36:26
Seeing the inside we talked about that you're a rare person. I am. I think so. Tell me. How many versions of yourself have you seen around? Okay, yeah. Like, no, no, but, like, okay, let's, let's go, go over to work, you know, to to your job, day to day. Yeah, here's five people, their

Speaker 1  36:52
clothes. You're so right. There is no one like me, really. I am very when I look at when I think about it. You're right. You're right. There is nobody. Most people are very like, self focused in the zone. They're not looking out to make someone else feel better. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  37:21
they're not, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  37:25
Oh, this is good, yeah.

Matthias Miller  37:27
I love these. They had them out in the fridge. They didn't restock him. I was like, I have to have it around. Like, if you don't restock him, I'm gonna stop. I was thinking it

Speaker 1  37:35
was gonna be something like a like, water, you know, flavored water, yeah?

Matthias Miller  37:42
Um, okay, beyond just this, we're working with people. Yeah, one of the things you like about people is the process of watching them mature and grow and become productive.

Speaker 1  38:01
Yeah, and I haven't really had that experience, though, because, because I've never really been like, I influence people, but I don't get to see the long, the progress necessarily, because I don't have people that I'm responsible for, right? That makes sense, like, I get to see in the moment how it affects them. And sometimes, if they listen, you know, then I can see that. But it's not like, it's not like I'm their supervisor, you know, like I have moments of influence.

Unknown Speaker  38:38
So it would be fulfilling to you if you could see the end game?

Speaker 1  38:47
Yeah, but I'm kind of nervous about it too. Why? Because the responsibility of it makes me nervous. I don't know. I don't know. I just I feel because if it if it works or it fails, it's my fault. Why? Because I've been held responsible for a lot of things that go wrong at home, like I'm always the one to blame. And so that's why I think that's why I'm afraid of that.

Unknown Speaker  39:13
Are you to blame? No,

Unknown Speaker  39:15
no, not 100%

Unknown Speaker  39:20
right? So maybe 20,

Speaker 1  39:23
yeah, maybe 10 or 5050, zero, 50, whatever, 70, yeah, or whatever. Yeah. Like, everyone has a part of the pie on some things, and a lot of times it's always mostly pointed at me, like, I don't know a percentage, but it's mostly my fault, and I get held responsible for and I think that's part of the reason. And my husband does the same thing, well, meaning he doesn't take responsibility for anything, because he doesn't want to be held responsible if it fails, if it does, well, it was my I did that, yeah, but if it doesn't go right, or if something's right wrong, it's my fault. And I think that's why, maybe one of the reasons why I'm afraid of that.

Matthias Miller  40:06
So go, going back to the faucet analogy, yeah, here at home, there's this voice that's like, you better make sure this, if anything goes sideways, it's your fault, right? You go to work that's like, I gotta turn off that voice, because I have to recognize that not everything here is my own fault. So they can actually take the risk that they need to and lead in a way that right? But the voice is still there, okay,

Speaker 1  40:38
yeah, I'm better at work, though, at work I can, I can do it like I'm, like, I'm a pusher. Like, I'll if I need something, I'll go, I'll push until I get it. Yeah? And because I don't like to wait around, like I'm very like, I'm fast, yeah? And I don't like to wait for answers, like I said. I just like, if I can't get an answer one way, I'll go to the next, and then next and the next until I get it. But, um, but I don't, I don't think of it as as fail or pass or fail. I just do it and wait and get to the and get to the till I till I win, yeah, I do at work, yeah,

Matthias Miller  41:25
kind of like your plants, yeah, this isn't doing well. Well, do I need sunlight, more water, less water inside, outside, yeah, some kind of herbicide, pesticide. There's something eating at a disease. Yeah? Research, whatever. Figure out and then do the next thing, do the next thing, do the next thing, and try to figure out, yeah, which is exactly how you would treat people, if you would be, if you would be leading people, yeah. Fred, yeah, you're not doing well. Sally, thinking random names you're not doing. Well, yeah, okay, let's figure it out. Yeah, let's do the next thing. Well, have you tried this? Have you done the other thing? Oh, there's this other thing that you've done. Oh, and by the way, guess what? Your investigation you're not doing well. What happened? And not just, Oh, I was late. Oh, that's interesting. Why were you late? Oh, because my car broke. Okay, interesting. Your car broke down. What did your car break down? Well, the chicken, I had a flat tire. Yeah, and you're gonna get to the bottom of things, and then you're gonna find a way forward, yeah, which is your past and future at play? Oh, let's break down the past in detail. Let's break it down and let's figure out a path forward, because you can do that. You can come up with novel ways of moving forward that most people, other people can't see. Yeah, right, that's good. That's really but you're not just blowing smoke, right? Because you do the research too, exactly, yeah, makes sense. And so now you realize that you're not setting people off on autopilot with the expectation for them to fail, right? So now when you have responsibility, yeah, it can go sideways. It always can. But you know that there's a million steps between here and failure, where you're going to be pivoting and course correcting and figuring out how the hell this thing is going to succeed, right? And you're going to find it, yeah, because you're determined, right? Yeah. How does that shift your perspective of being responsible for people, does it?

Speaker 1  43:46
I guess it does. Yeah, it does. Because there's always a way forward and I'm gonna figure it out, yeah? But I think for so long, like, I'm not making excuses, but I feel like for so long, I was like, I don't want all that responsibility because, then, because, then, um, because, then because, then I have all this other shit I'm dealing with at home, and it should be too much, right? So that's why I never really wanted it. And I actually kind of ran away from it, honestly, because of more partially because of all the stuff that I'm going through on the personal side, it used to be way worse, yeah, but now it's not that big of a deal as much as it ever is. It used to be way used to be way worse, but, um, but now I think I can. Now, I know I can actually,

Unknown Speaker  44:36
but then there's also, you know, what's

Speaker 1  44:38
interesting though, go for it. When I was the first time I was a leader in the army, interesting, I didn't know what the hell I was doing, but I know how to care for people like because I was natural. And so this soldier, I was only his leader, like his squad leader, for a very short period of time, but he always said that I was his best squad, his best leader. Wow. And I'm like, wow, for you to say that about me and I was barely your leader. Like, that's crazy. That's says something Yes. And because if I'm put in that position, like, Okay, I want to get emotional, but

Unknown Speaker  45:25
don't apologize if I'm

Speaker 1  45:32
like, I take it seriously for me to be responsible with someone like, like, if I put in charge of these people, like, I feel like it's my responsibility the best that I can be for them, and I don't want to waste anybody's time. And so I think that's probably why I am a good leader without even knowing it. But when I went to school, there was a I was, I was class leader for like, a couple days, and I was always, that was, they asked me, Well, we had a question of the day, and I'll have to get in front of the class and be like, Okay, this question today. And like, everyone answers that. And one of them was, what do you find most difficult about being a leader? And mine was that, you know, I don't want to waste anybody's time, but if I'm in this position, and I'm doing this job, and I want to feel like I'm giving you something of value, like I'm not that, what I'm saying is something that is useful to you and beneficial and just that responsibility of of being that person, that I take it seriously, you know, and, and I think that's what I find maybe difficult or scary, but also very powerful. And it's such an opera, it's such a privilege to be that person, because you have so much ability to make change and to I don't know, I don't know what I'm trying to say, but it's a privilege to

Unknown Speaker  47:40
live

Speaker 1  47:42
on this world, like with Christ, like through you to know him. Every day we're missing opportunities. You know, when we're not connected on using you and loving people, and I just feel like life is short and you have little window to make impact and to love and to speak truth and to shine and To love, you know, and and I just take it I think it's, I don't take it lightly, yeah, okay. And that's, I think that it's exciting, but it's also scary, you know, for me, because I think because of the commitment part of it, and being that person, but in that moment, I I know that I grow, and you realize your capability, yes, when you're put in that position, but it scares

Unknown Speaker  48:47
us,

Speaker 1  48:52
because I do care. So I cry a lot, obviously, but, but I've been like that my whole life, you know, like, I like to tell you stories. You know, when I went to basic training, my drill sergeant, he's like, my last name was Lamar. He's like, Lamar, why are you always crying all the time? I don't know. You know, just because I like, I don't know, I'm just emotional like, you know, like you said that. Like, I'm so much my emotion is very like, prevalent and strong, and like when I was a kid, going back to Justice, there's these little boys. I lived in Southern California. We were, like, the only white family in this section eight housing. They're all Hispanics, and I love them, but, you know, great people. And like these little boys, they're all like, little, you know, Mexican boys and stuff. And they were like, there was these white rabbits that were wild. Little boy was like, I'm gonna catch it. I'm like, eat it. And I was like, no. Then I like, chase the rabbit around this field. And I grabbed, I grabbed. I got the rabbit from them, all these boys coming after me. It's a group of boys, and I had this rabbit in my arms, wild rabbit, and I'm running, running, running. And then I fell, and I slid on my elbows out of two stars on my elbows from that day. And I fell with the rabbit in my arms because I was trying to protect the rabbit from these people. And so, you know, I guess it's a perfect analogy.

Speaker 2  50:23
It's a yes, yes, yes, yes,

Unknown Speaker  50:27
yeah. So, yeah. So,

Matthias Miller  50:33
three, three observations. Number one, you're this is straight up sense of justice and protector at play in your how you view leadership,

Unknown Speaker  50:47
yeah.

Matthias Miller  50:49
Number two, I don't know what the number is. I might be, you know, I don't know what this is, but let's just pick something. But you're well above 90th percentile in how you care for people, both from empathy and justice, yeah, yeah, yeah, which means that if you're just at 90th percentile, you have a one inch one in 10 chances of having a supervisor who has your back just as much as you've got the back of the people you're leading. Yeah, it's not no indictment on them. It's just this is saying statistical probabilities. Does that make sense? Say it one more time. Okay, so if you're in a 90th percentile, then this is getting super geeky math, okay, 90th percentile. That means that only 10% of the people, one in 10 people, have a higher level, higher level of empathy and justice than you do. It's it's not you're beyond 90th. You're probably 95th 98th 99th I don't even know you're up there. You're at the top right? Yeah, you can't name a lot of people who have that much empathy and that strong of a sense of a sense of justice. You might not even have met anybody like that.

Unknown Speaker  52:07
No, okay, maybe on the movies, but yeah,

Matthias Miller  52:09
maybe on movies, right? Yeah. So you so that means you've never been in a situation where you had any kind of superior who has had your back, and this is not a negative on anybody else who's had your back to the degree that you've had the back of all the people who were that you were for, anybody that you were you were caring for, okay,

Speaker 1  52:32
is that something that happens like because of that situation? I'm saying, Oh, you mean that no one has been like me? I'm

Matthias Miller  52:39
saying, Okay, let me try to make it super simple. I'm sorry, super simple. Albert Einstein, genius. How many people do you think he met were who were smarter than him? Well, by definition, right? Nobody. Yeah. Elon Musk, like, yeah. How many people does he meet who's whatever, like, right? Oh, probably has some friends who are pretty close, but it's not a lot. Yeah, you have such a high degree of empathy and justice that the chances of you ever being in leadership underneath somebody who has as much or a higher degree of empathy and justice. And I'm looking after they say, I'm looking after Misty the way she looks after her people. Oh, no, it's very rare. Yeah, and part of the pain that you're experiencing is the fact that your heart cries out desperately to have a leader who's looking after you like that.

Unknown Speaker  53:42
Yeah, it would be nice.

Matthias Miller  53:43
It would be nice, yeah, is that true? Is that fair, yeah,

Speaker 1  53:47
but I actually did it well. I had one close, yeah, actually, and I really look up there, yeah, maybe he has to be careful, right? What he does, but, but he, I never had a leader. I like him though, like he was amazing, yeah. I mean, he has to be political, you know. Plus, with the army, female and male, you have to be real careful. But he cried like couple times in front of us at work. He was our our boss, you know. And I love people like that. I love someone who can cry in front of people because, not because they're because they really fucking care, right?

Unknown Speaker  54:40
Yes, you know,

Speaker 1  54:42
I love passion like that, yeah, because it says so much about that person's heart. Yeah, you know. So anyway, he he's and he's super smart, and he lives by people first, yeah, and I never had a leader like that before, you know, like he like, if you need to take care of something, you know, take care of something if you got to do this yet, it's good because, because you're you're trust, it means that you trust that person enough, you have confidence enough in that person's ability and their give a shit for you to let them go and do what they need to do, yeah? Because you know that they respect you too, yes. But respect comes with when that, when those people know that you care about them, yeah, yeah, big time. Yeah, yeah, yeah, so. So anyway, I just, I really loved that guy, and he and he made stuff happen. And, yeah, I don't know he's funny. And just, I just, I love it. Yeah, he's good. There was only a couple times he disappointed me, but that's because I don't know what his his plate is. You know, at work, this guy's busy. He's a executive officer for a brigade element for active duty and reserve. So it's a lot of out of my wheelhouse, of understanding, but, but he, you know, there's different times, you know, and, like, it's just stupid this example, but he's supposed to give me a coin. Like, the Army's big about coins, like, when you do good job and stuff, and everyone else got, everyone that full time stuff, got the coin. But I was gone when he when he left, so I didn't get mine. And I was like, Hey, Sarah. I was like, you know, you got a coin for me. You know, I'll gladly take it. Oh, yeah. See totally. And then multiple times I tried to see him, like, meet up with him, whatever he didn't give to me, and it never happened. And I'm just like, does that mean that you really but then I asked him, I was like, maybe, I thought maybe you really didn't want to give to me. He's like, no, no, no. And it just hasn't been a moment where it worked out. Yeah. So, just some things where, and then my, one of my my co worker, sorry, I'm getting off, but my co worker, we work together in a retention stuff. She was active and I was just the part time retention and and then, as well as my civilian job, but she had her going away thing, we were giving her a plaque and stuff. And he was the executive officer for our battalion at the time, and he's like, Oh no, I'm but people first, right? So he's like, Oh no, you see, I really want to come, but I can't be there because my daughter has a tennis something, yeah, and I'm just like, I was like, kind of disappointing, but just little things like that, but, but then again, I mean, I don't know, it's just, I'm just one person, and it's huge responsibility. So anyway, but I really liked, I loved that guy. He was probably one of the best leaders I've ever had, for sure. So

Matthias Miller  58:04
then here's the challenge, every strength ever extended can become a weakness.

Unknown Speaker  58:13
So yeah,

Matthias Miller  58:15
you're committed to the people. The question is, there's two things. One, you

Matthias Miller  58:24
where are the places where you're overextending yourself for the sake of other people, but not taking care of you, which is a little bit of what we talked about right this morning. Yeah, what this day is about, right? Yeah,

Speaker 1  58:41
I think I do it a lot. So when I'm at work, like, I don't take breaks, yeah, I just work push through Yeah, because I just always want to be on yeah and doing something and taking care of something, yeah. I mean, I don't, like, I eat lunch at my desk, and, like, I don't take time. I don't have, like, a structure. I always want to be there for them, like, in case they need something. And so I'm always reactive, instead of, like, being having a routine of self care in a way, like I wait to go to the bathroom until I just can't hold anymore, you know, stuff like that. And then just exercising, like I need to exercise, and I just haven't been doing that, and that's really important, yeah, and just figuring out when I should do it and doing it, yeah, instead of taking care everybody else all the time, that's one thing. I gotta figure that out. It's when to do it and how many, how much, and yeah and being Don't make excuses.

Unknown Speaker  59:58
So what happens when you don't care for people, what

Unknown Speaker  1:00:06
does that look like? What happens? I

Matthias Miller  1:00:10
don't care. What happens if you're gone for lunch for 30 minutes, just say, and you're not there and someone needs you,

Speaker 1  1:00:20
they have to wait, or they'll go to someone else, maybe, or depends how important it is,

Unknown Speaker  1:00:25
and then what happens, and

Speaker 1  1:00:30
then it just resumes. When I get back, I guess, I don't know, I guess, I guess, I guess. I mean, the world doesn't end. It'll always be there. It's not gonna a lot of you're right. What is it matters to you? Well, because people are used to me being like being there, and if I'm not there, then I feel like I'm letting them down. Yeah, I think I don't want them to think that they can't depend on me, I guess, like, not only is it me taking care of them, but it also rewards me, because I know I'm taking care of them. I like, like, I'm I'm benefiting too, you know, like my what, I don't have the ego, but it feels good to make stuff happen. I like making things happen. Yeah, I do. It's, um, it's exciting to it's to me, it's like, winning, yeah, you know, it's like a score to me on the board, like, okay, when they need they have this problem. Okay, let me take care of it and get it done. You know, I did that, and now they're good. And it's just, it's like a game. I don't know it's fun. It's fun because then everyone's happy, and then, like, everyone get happy, and I don't like people waiting on me. What

Speaker 2  1:01:57
happens when people aren't happy? I

Speaker 1  1:02:04
they might, well, they might say something bad about me. I don't know. I just I want everyone to have something good to say about me. Like, I want to have that like that you, no matter who you talk to, like, they'll, they'll say something like, oh my god, that person is legit. Like, that person is gonna take care of you. And I don't ever want to be seen as that person, that people were always because I, I know people like, like, I don't know. I'm not around. Everybody talks about me. But from my feedback that I've heard, obviously someone there, but you know, it's just even you know, they always say that. You know I'm I'm always there, you know, to help and take care. They can depend on me, yeah. And they all like, love me. So I've been like that my whole life, actually, like, wherever I work, everybody always loves me, which is stupid, but I mean, I think I like that. I I mean, my first job, I worked at a grocery store, and I was a bagger courtesy clerk, and in my mind, I couldn't leave it wrong, but in my mind, I feel like people. I mean, really feel like this, I don't know, but people would come to the store just to see me. That's what I thought, That's what I think I believe. Because they would always come talk to me, you know. And so I was like, my mom was the same way, you know, really, all my family, my mom, my aunt, were all like that, yeah. And my sister, not so much. But my mom, my sister, my aunt, rolling very people. Person, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:03:59
yeah. So. And second, I grew up in a small retail store in rural Kansas, and my mom was like that, Oh, really. People would come to the store to talk to her, yeah, she would have, she'd be flying at an airport a little again, rural airport, and somebody would come running up to her and give her a big hug and be so excited, and she's like, Oh, we've talked for five minutes every once in a while, and I see hundreds or 1000s of people, and I have no idea who you are, but I love you too.

Speaker 1  1:04:33
So yeah, how much impact that that person has on in those little moments, like it's powerful, obviously, because she must be very rare person,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:48
as are you.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:50
And we guess we're similar, then I guess.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:53
And the question is, i

Matthias Miller  1:05:03
Yes, you get something from being always on.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:11
Oh, I see where you're going.

Matthias Miller  1:05:11
But is there a space in which you can take lunch with God, because He loves you and you love you, and you need space, right?

Speaker 1  1:05:22
I can do both. Great both. I can work out and be with God. You can

Matthias Miller  1:05:26
work out and be with God, and maybe for you, speaking of workouts,

Speaker 2  1:05:35
okay, like, there's different, different things work for different people, different different places, of different cultures. But

Matthias Miller  1:05:46
is working out for you? Is that? Well, actually, let's go down this route. It's a rapid trail. I've got more things, but it's a good one. What do you envision as the workout plan for yourself.

Speaker 1  1:06:03
I used to be really obsessed with it. Actually, I loved it like I loved lifting weights. I was really, I was really obsessed, but it was in an unhealthy way, because I didn't give a shit about it was too much. So I think that's part of the reason why I'm kind of afraid to get back into it, because I don't want to become that. Want

Speaker 2  1:06:22
to become that, or it just becomes an all or nothing game, yeah, like Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:06:27
And I want to have balance, but I think I can do that now. It's just making a priority. So back to your question, what does it look like? Right? Is that what you say?

Unknown Speaker  1:06:40
So is that you solo go to the gym working out

Speaker 1  1:06:44
when I'm when I'm in the groove. I can do that, but right now I'm not so like it helps to have someone to be accountable. You know what I mean.

Matthias Miller  1:06:56
So who's your most chill friend who loves to work out? Friend or colleague. Oh, they have to be chill.

Speaker 1  1:07:03
Yeah, I got two people actually really chill people

Unknown Speaker  1:07:08
and but they, they work out,

Speaker 1  1:07:11
they work out. But I've never worked out. Well. I worked out with one of them a few times, but the other one he, I haven't worked out with him yet, but I know he's super chill. He's so cool. Yeah, they're very similar. Person type personalities. Well, it's different, but chill, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:07:29
here's the time, okay, you go to one or both and say, I'm just laying this out. This is, this is, there's a whole conversation that we, once again, don't have room to get into today. Maybe we will, maybe we won't. I want to work out. I know myself well enough. I love to win. I want to work out with somebody who can keep me accountable to showing up, but can also be keep me accountable not to become obsessed. Oh, okay, you're chill okay, like that, I want you to bring your chillness, yeah? And you're a people person, yeah? So I can't tell you how much is healthy, how much is unhealthy. That's not in my jurisdiction, right? Sometimes we

Speaker 1  1:08:15
probably an hour, probably would be good, yeah, if I can do everything in an hour, roughly, that's healthy, very good, if I can start with that, at least, because I have to balance everything else, everything else. So that's why.

Matthias Miller  1:08:30
So sometimes we want to be around people because we can't stand the silence of being with ourselves.

Speaker 1  1:08:39
I like being with people, because I like some especially in the beginning, when I'm really I'm not, I'm rusty, yeah, you know, like, I when I'm doing it, I know exactly what I need to do, yeah? Like, I don't need people. But right now I love, like, when I first started lifting weights, I had a trainer, yeah, and she told me what to do. And now I love that, yeah, I didn't have to freaking think about anything. Just tell me what to do. You're the expert. We'll go with that. Yes, I loved that. And so that, I don't know what we're getting out that, but, but you're also extroverted, yeah, yes, yeah, especially when I exercise, because I get real, like, wow, like, I get excited. So,

Matthias Miller  1:09:18
so part of your resistance it's fun to working out, is the fact that you're, I think, my opinion, the fact that you have it in your head that you should be showing up at the gym by yourself, okay? And I have a theory, a hunch, yeah, that if you had somebody else to do it with you, and you could do it as a tribe with friends, with people in it together, because you are extroverted, that you get a lot more, have a lot more energy to showing up and doing it, yeah, not just because of accountability, for sure, because you'd actually enjoy the process more.

Speaker 1  1:09:51
Yeah, I agree. Totally true. Totally Yeah. Small little tweak,

Matthias Miller  1:09:56
right? But these little tweaks, so again, frame of consciousness, here's, here's how I think of life. I mean, most of my my opinions and philosophies of life are too complex because there's too much nuance and too much detail. But I firmly believe in building life if I can tap into my intrinsic motivation to get things done that sure beats beating myself with a stick. Yeah, right, right. And so my question then becomes, how can I structure my environment, how I approach this, how I do this in such a way that it's kind of like riding a grease slide down to the bottom and what

Speaker 1  1:10:45
I like that? Okay, yeah, yeah, so you try to not maneuver, but yeah, make it into where it becomes enjoyable,

Matthias Miller  1:10:57
yeah, which is perfectly suited to you. So the little tweak for you, which is a big tweak, because you've done so little of it, or I said it, is taking your psychological and personal curiosity and turning it inward and saying, I want to be curious about me. And here's the riddle, okay, the riddle to solve is, what would it look like for somebody like me? Ie me, to have a workout plan that I would actually fall in love with, and I would stop beating myself up for not doing it, would actually be excited about showing up in the gym. Okay? And here's to me. I mean, here's, here's one example. Makes sense, yeah, thinking about it like, what? Okay, I'm saying, thinking about it. I think, for I'm gonna say straight up. I think, I think having somebody else to do it with you, I think that's part of the answer, right? I think it would make it Oh, for sure. Okay, so let's, let's, let's gage it. You like facts one to 10, scale of one to 10. How, how naturally motivated are you to working out solo

Unknown Speaker  1:12:09
right now? Not really like one. I mean

Unknown Speaker  1:12:16
four.

Speaker 1  1:12:17
I think another hindrance is like, whenever I want to go, but then I know my son wants to go too, but he wants to do things differently. Like, I like, he wants to work on things. Like, I don't really want to work at all. So it's kind of like that, kind of, I think that's another issue is I feel like, if I go to the gym without him, I feel bad because he wants to go and it's like, that's kind of another thing that because I have, yeah, like, a little we have a community gym that's new now. It's really nice. And he's not a gym, like a big, you know, facility, but it's something. And so I just, I feel, because he's so obsessed with exercise right now, like he absolutely, excuse me, loves it. Okay, so, so he can't really be my partner and everything. No.

Matthias Miller  1:13:08
I mean, he doesn't need to be. So the question that the question then arises,

Speaker 1  1:13:15
oh, due to a day like one at lunch and then one in the evening. Well,

Unknown Speaker  1:13:19
it's the question. I don't know. Maybe it is okay, like,

Speaker 1  1:13:27
because I'm trying, or maybe off days, like one day I would do mine, the next day I do with him. Well, let's,

Matthias Miller  1:13:33
let's, let's do this. Here's, here's how you approach it. What's the ideal scenario for you? The ideal scenario for you hour in the morning with one of these chill friends that you're talking about. Ideal scenario, all things, well for yourself, I should

Speaker 1  1:13:46
do cardio in the morning. Okay, cardio, okay? Because I won't. I don't want to go all because I would have to go well, either I have to get a gym membership or I'd have to go to Fort Carson, which is where my work is, yeah, but then I would have to adjust and bring all my shit with me, and then get ready. And I kind of don't want to do that. I'm very I'm not, like, old, like, I used to be like, oh, like, I never really liked getting ready in front of people, but I don't have a choice sometimes, right? But now I kind of like, I would be ready at home. You got the choice. So it's a stupid excuse, but I'd rather

Matthias Miller  1:14:21
go. So let's, let's, let's, yeah, all right, so can you do cardio in the morning while your son's working out, doing his stuff?

Unknown Speaker  1:14:31
Yeah? I guess so,

Unknown Speaker  1:14:33
yes or no, not

Speaker 1  1:14:33
really. I mean, he's not old enough to be alone. I don't know how. I don't know how much they're watching because he's he's tall, he looks older, yeah, so I guess I kind of give him that, but he, he's not, like, comfortable. I don't know why, but he gets like, nervous, huh? If I'm not with him, he doesn't really like it. He's still, he's about to be 14, yeah, but, um, so he, oh, he's a mom, and boy, I love him. He loves mama. He's so sweet. He has a pain in my butt. Sometimes I'm glad I'm good with one, one and done, but, um, yeah, I guess we could do that. But I feel like he doesn't like it. Is there,

Matthias Miller  1:15:19
okay? But is there a scenario in which you can show up with him, get him started, get him comfortable in his own breakout. So if you guys are there for an hour, right out for 30 minutes, you do a bunch of cardio, show him some show him some stuff. Get him rolling, get his confidence up, get him in momentum. Show him what to do. Okay, you hop on, you do cardio. And you know, I don't know what like maybe. Is it 30 minutes in the middle? Is it is giving

Speaker 1  1:15:42
So figure out some type of way where I can do what I need to do. And, yes,

Matthias Miller  1:15:47
okay, and what's the ideal scenario for him? So once again, ideal scenario, ask Him and for Him, or you figure it out. So he really needs somebody, at least, at a minimum, to kickstart him and give us some confidence and make sure he knows what he's doing. He's kind

Speaker 1  1:16:01
of, like, shy about it, yeah, yeah. I mean, he just needs, he's on YouTube. He could just find a video and

Matthias Miller  1:16:07
follow that, yeah, we're all just showing and that could be your first five minutes, or 1510, minutes is like, hey, let's, here's the video on YouTube. Like, here's and,

Speaker 1  1:16:14
or write it down on a paper. Write it down on a paper, yeah? Or,

Matthias Miller  1:16:19
I'm sure there's online plans. If you researcher, you could find a workout plan and be like, hey, here it is. I'm gonna walk you through it, show you all the stuff you know, forum you know for

Unknown Speaker  1:16:30
this week. Is it next week, we'll change it up. Yeah, okay, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:16:33
something like that. And if you can block out, and let's just say, 15 minutes, can you and maybe, maybe you just try it and say, Hey, we're gonna try this for a few weeks, and let's see how it goes.

Speaker 1  1:16:46
Because I need to lift weights too, but I just need to do cardio too in the morning. So

Matthias Miller  1:16:50
then that would allow you to do that, and then when you actually get to lifting weights, if you do that in the in the evening, after the evening with your your friends that you're talking about, I don't know if that's what you were thinking, but that could then give you the space to do that right with them. Okay, does that make sense?

Speaker 1  1:17:06
Yeah, yeah. The one friend, he's leaving in December, though, but Okay, so I only have a little bit less time

Unknown Speaker  1:17:13
with him. Yeah? My other

Speaker 1  1:17:14
co worker, he just had a baby, the one that's other chill, yeah, so he's gonna be going on leave for a few months. So I'm kind of, they're kind of like, not in it now, so that, I guess I would have bad choices. Well, I

Unknown Speaker  1:17:28
mean, you know,

Speaker 1  1:17:29
maybe it's your maybe Jordan's The answer, my son. Yeah, maybe.

Speaker 2  1:17:33
Okay, so what would that look like? Is there,

Unknown Speaker  1:17:36
is there me taking care of him?

Matthias Miller  1:17:37
Is there a scenario in which you can get him started for the first 15 minutes, or, you know, whatever it is, I think so, and then you can go do your thing. And does he give you that same kind of, hey, I'm doing it with somebody like or like that motivate. Like, is that the same? It gives you accountability? Because, oh with

Speaker 1  1:18:01
him? Oh, yeah, he's big on that. Like, always ask me everyday, Mom, how many pushups did you do? I'm like, none. So I guess he could be, he could be, like, my accountability person.

Matthias Miller  1:18:13
How does it feel as a scenario for you

Unknown Speaker  1:18:17
with him? Yeah, see,

Unknown Speaker  1:18:20
it's not quite it's not the same.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:25
It feels more of a burden, which

Unknown Speaker  1:18:26
is sad, no, but it's fine for it to here's what I'm

Speaker 1  1:18:29
trying to tell you, because, because I need it go ahead, yeah, because I need to focus on me, and at least for now, until December, because I need to take a PT, a test. You know so well it's like anyway, but there's a difference between working with my son and working out with somebody who knows what the hell they're doing. Yes,

Matthias Miller  1:18:49
yeah, yes. So you at least have somebody through until I was thinking

Unknown Speaker  1:18:53
about being a membership at the gym.

Matthias Miller  1:18:57
And if you Nice one, if you would do a membership too, having a different place for you to work out versus him can also help, yeah, help with some of that, like a little

Speaker 1  1:19:06
bit of a separation, right? Yeah, it's good for I think I want to do that, because there's a couple of people, old dudes, that, um, like, every morning. So every morning I go to the dog park my dog and that takes like, like, 30 minutes to an hour, which really, I should be working out instead. But there's guys that go there that they work out at the gym, the nice one. And I mean, I wouldn't want to work out with them, but it's just something that I think about familiarity.

Matthias Miller  1:19:46
Yeah. I mean, it's worth once again. There's no harm exploring. There's no harm trying. There's no harm but

Speaker 1  1:19:53
at my office, there's a gym in the building next to my building, and I can just go in there. And they have, I haven't been there a long time, but they have, like, equipment and everything. So, yeah, I could do that. That would be the easiest, most sure way to get something done during the day. Anyway, with that way, I don't make it's easier not to make excuses, because it's just right there, it's right there, right? I have options. You got options. Just figure out the best time to do it.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:27
So what is the best time to do it?

Speaker 1  1:20:31
If I was gonna do cardio, it would have to be in the morning, like by like six, maybe like six to seven, okay, or maybe even earlier, like 535

Matthias Miller  1:20:47
30 to 630 sounds like, George is the right guy. Like, are you committed or not? You come with me at 530 Oh, he's

Unknown Speaker  1:20:53
been telling me he wants, okay,

Speaker 2  1:20:55
yeah, so that that's the so that could work for the cardio. Okay, okay, yeah, or no, oh yeah, yeah. Okay. So then what about what about weights? That

Speaker 1  1:21:06
could be lunchtime or after work. Okay, I could do both.

Unknown Speaker  1:21:12
That could be your reason to take a break for lunch, too.

Speaker 1  1:21:14
I know that's what I'm thinking. Is that's the only way for me to leave, is if that was doing that.

Matthias Miller  1:21:19
So there you go. And you could have a simple conversation with your two children buddies of yours. One say, Hey, I got this thing I'm working towards. I need somebody chill to keep me accountable, but not over the top. Yeah, and you want to just, it's right, be like, do you ever work out with me or lunch? Okay, right? Simple conversation, yeah. Is that worth? At least, worth at least exploring, yeah, seeing what happens,

Unknown Speaker  1:21:50
yeah. How long should I do it? An hour. What

Unknown Speaker  1:21:53
do you think

Speaker 1  1:21:55
an hour? Okay. I mean, because that would only, that's the money. I mean, technically, I should be taking lunch from 1130 to one, but I never do well,

Matthias Miller  1:22:06
nobody's forcing you to do anything. Yeah, I think I'm not looking for you to do massive like I'm gonna flip my world upside down and suddenly take five weeks of vacation in Tahiti, because whatever, yeah, I'm looking for you to gain a level of awareness of what are the things that I need, and can I take little action steps to actually making sure I get some of those things. And what I would love to see is just a little tiny piece every single day that this workout, and maybe even as simple as every time before you work out, you take a moment and you think about the fact that this is me. I'm doing it for me. I get to do do things for

Speaker 1  1:22:54
me. Just that's know what I used to think about, one thing I used to think about is the fact that I should, I should be doing these things, because I'm blessed to have arms and legs, if you love that, you know, like I have this ability to move to do all these things, some people don't,

Matthias Miller  1:23:14
and you're working out as an act of gratitude, yeah? That's amazing.

Speaker 1  1:23:16
Yeah. And I just like, let's do this. Let's use these are made to move. You know,

Unknown Speaker  1:23:23
these are made to move. How does it feel as a workout plan? What? How does it feel as a workout plan?

Speaker 1  1:23:31
Good. It feels really good. I think the biggest thing on that is just making sure I get to bud at a decent number.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:37
What's it gonna take for that to happen? I

Speaker 1  1:23:39
don't know. I'm gonna take something medicine or something else. What do you think? What should I do to help me go to sleep?

Unknown Speaker  1:23:50
What keeps you awake? My

Speaker 1  1:23:54
phone, watching my videos, my political videos, like my favorite part of my day, one of them. I love that stuff. Actually, my head to catch up. You know, when I'm at work, I always, I, well, I don't really watch it, but I always play the rallies like I always watch them live, yeah, yeah, because I don't want to miss anything So, but, um, yeah, I love, love that stuff, man. But anyway, I forgot what your

Unknown Speaker  1:24:28
question part of it, getting your sleep, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:24:30
yeah, yeah, I need to sleep. And I think making that a priority is not been happening. I mean, it used to be way worse.

Unknown Speaker  1:24:39
Are you okay with it not happening,

Speaker 1  1:24:42
no, because I know I won't get up if I don't go to bed at a certain time,

Unknown Speaker  1:24:46
like so I

Speaker 1  1:24:50
especially in the beginning. In the beginning, it's like, you're not your body. You're not You're not familiar with how it makes you feel right, because you haven't done it so long. So it's like I always go back to sleep. I feel good when I sleep, right? So that's why I think that's the only, the biggest way to overcome that. But there's ways to make it happen. Just have to do it. And I think maybe if I go into bed at like, 1030 I could be good. That's good for me. So

Matthias Miller  1:25:26
part of it is making sure that you've got a daily intake plan for your no intake for your curiosity. You have a you have a little dragon inside of you that's called Curiosity who wants to eat every single day. And if you get it to 10 o'clock at night and that thing hasn't eaten, yes,

Unknown Speaker  1:25:51
tell me I'm wrong. You're absolutely right. And

Matthias Miller  1:25:53
so part of your plan, part of your workout plan, is feed the hungry curiosity dragon.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:00
Okay. I mean, while I'm there,

Matthias Miller  1:26:02
I don't know why, I don't know when, oh, I don't know when, okay, but make sure that thing is fed so that that thing can go to sleep when you want to go to sleep at 1030 makes sense.

Speaker 1  1:26:13
That makes really good sense, actually. Yeah, I

Speaker 2  1:26:16
never thought about that. So how do we how do we make sure you feed the curiosity? Dress.

Speaker 1  1:26:23
That's funny. Um, that's cute. Yeah, I mean, I guess finding ways to incorporate that in my day, you know, like, maybe when I'm working out, I could listen to to it like, my, is that what you mean? Like,

Unknown Speaker  1:26:44
sure. Like, I mean,

Unknown Speaker  1:26:45
what is my political update?

Speaker 2  1:26:48
I mean, cardio might be, might be easier than, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:26:53
that would be the morning, in the morning, then

Unknown Speaker  1:26:57
or, or lunch, whatever, lunch, whatever.

Speaker 1  1:26:59
And then the weights after work,

Unknown Speaker  1:27:04
that could be an option.

Unknown Speaker  1:27:06
So either so morning or lunch is cardio.

Matthias Miller  1:27:10
Well, I guess, what were you suggesting you, you, you listen to some of these stuff while

Speaker 1  1:27:15
I'm doing Yeah, what? What are? The thing is, I'm missing out on watching it. And I like watching, because I get ready the expressions,

Unknown Speaker  1:27:22
right? Because that's the thing, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:27:25
I like that, yeah? Because, like, you know, when Elon Musk did the interview with Trump, I hated it, because I couldn't see them, right? I mean, I could hear them. That was great, but it was, like, it's such a huge, critical part of it, right? You're

Speaker 2  1:27:37
fascinated by absurdity, right? Yeah, okay, so, so now we're getting that's

Unknown Speaker  1:27:44
the only time I could do. So I could catch up. That could be my catch up time.

Matthias Miller  1:27:51
How attentive do you need to be at the dog park?

Speaker 1  1:27:55
Attentive? Yeah? Oh, I don't really. I don't really. I'm mostly talking to the guys that are there, you know, the old men, yeah? So I don't really, I don't mind my own business. I'm always talking right with the people, yeah, they're talking about all types of random things. So okay, if they're there, yeah, then I don't really have, I mean, I can go on my own way, but I would be very auto character, right? And they'd be like, this person,

Matthias Miller  1:28:21
so, well, I mean, if that feels right to you, you could take lunch and you put a block in your calendar that's called whatever you want to call it curiosity time. Okay?

Unknown Speaker  1:28:36
During lunch, yeah, okay.

Matthias Miller  1:28:39
The question is, are you going to be okay going off and watching political videos over lunch and not feeling guilty about not being there for everybody else? Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:28:49
I think that once I'm in the in it, I'll be fine, because then I'll feel good, and then I'll be but I mean, I even watched something recently that talked about there was two guys, you know, that were working, and one took a break and and he did way more than the other one, even though the other one did more time. Yes. And I'm like, okay, oh, this is good, yeah, yes. And so I was like, okay, that's so true, because you're so much more like, because you, because you took care of yourself, you know, and you feel better. And I, especially with me, because, like, I know, when I exercise, I'm always I'm like, 10 times better after like, just so like, relax. And all the endorphins, you know, that you get for me. They really benefit me anytime. So I think it'll be way better after, oh, even, even more better than before.

Matthias Miller  1:29:52
I like it. Yeah, we're gonna run through this list. It's lunchtime, it's past it's way past lunchtime. Hopefully you're doing okay, hopefully you're holler, if it's you, it's almost one you love, bringing things to the LIGHT, shining light on things.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:12
Yeah, I love the truth here.

Matthias Miller  1:30:15
You're smart. Okay, this is all from your description of Trump. This is all really good. You inspire people for who they are and what they can be. You're amazing. You're energizing. You help people feel good. You're someone who cares for others and what's best for their families and their values. You stand for things you really care about, the people you don't just work for the paycheck. You're you'd be willing to you are willing to love to the point of risking life. You've got a passion. You've got passion. You fight for the best of the people. You're funny, you're hilarious. Yourself, real, genuine, authentic. Yeah, you like to speak. You speak. Once you get you on stage, you're gonna speak like a casual conversation, yeah? Just like you're there, you're raw.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:59
That's what I want.

Speaker 2  1:30:59
How's that? How's that? For Misty,

Unknown Speaker  1:31:03
good.

Unknown Speaker  1:31:04
I thought so.

Speaker 1  1:31:05
So you're saying what I see in him is what I am and what I

Matthias Miller  1:31:09
what you admire in all of these things, what you see in your hobbies, what you love about your hobbies, yeah, is a direct reflection of who you are, what you admire all these people, yeah. Maya Angelou, descriptive and detailed senses and sights. You help people feel. You help transport people into situations. You can tell the story in a way that takes somebody from right here and puts them smack dab in the middle of the story. You're a storyteller, yeah, yeah. That's

Speaker 1  1:31:38
what I want anyway. I hope I am. Yeah, yeah. I love the details, because it invokes feeling in the person Yes and Yeah. It just transports Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:31:57
Dan Muller, you're funny, you're serious, You're sweet. I storyteller, passionate,

Unknown Speaker  1:32:07
I put down mobile church, real. You speak from the heart. We're supposed to be. You don't see things just as a job.

Matthias Miller  1:32:18
You're willing to do things without getting paid. You want people to know what you know. You want people to to you aspire to live in a way that other people want to replicate you. Yeah, here's the big one that didn't come up any other way, and I think it's really true of you. You're a multiplier.

Unknown Speaker  1:32:39
What is it? What do you mean by that? What

Unknown Speaker  1:32:45
do you think it means?

Speaker 1  1:32:52
I think I like to, I want other people to feel the way I feel. So I try to invoke that, I guess, in the way that I, I am, like or how I the energy that I produce, yeah, I also force multipliers that they call it force multiplier. Is that what it is the same thing? Or, what's it multiplier? Force multiplier?

Unknown Speaker  1:33:16
Oh, I don't even know.

Unknown Speaker  1:33:21
One sounds, yeah, more aggressive. Yeah,

Speaker 2  1:33:23
one does sound more aggressive. So I also see you as

Matthias Miller  1:33:37
it I think this is true. I don't know what poses a question like, when somebody comes to you with something, the part of the that's a multiplier is, hey, by the way, if you made, if you made these three changes, this could be right, there's a handful of changes that make it twice as good. Yeah, or

Speaker 1  1:33:58
Right, exactly. Let's figure out to make us even better. It seemed better. Yeah, agreed. Like, I always want the best. I always

Matthias Miller  1:34:06
want the best I do. And this is just this random passing thought. And I'm not suggesting that you should go hang everything up and go do this, but you would do fantastic shooting your own version of dirty jobs or something like that. Like day in the life of

Speaker 1  1:34:28
Oh yeah, that would be awesome. Yeah. I'm

Matthias Miller  1:34:31
gonna go be this for a day, yeah? And I'm gonna end and

Speaker 1  1:34:35
oh yeah, that's dirty jobs, yeah? But,

Matthias Miller  1:34:39
you know, but with a little different angle. But I'm going to pull you in, and I'm going to let you through you watching me, through me, telling stories. I'm going to let you see what it's like for me to walk, for people to walk through the shoes of being this type of a person, and you're going to get to experience it. And I'm going to draw the watchers, the viewers, in, and this is what's going to happen. And so here's, here's a school teacher in in Harlan, and here's a a I don't know, chef at the Broadmoor, I don't know. And here's the film, various things,

Speaker 1  1:35:20
and get to highlight that, get to highlight a way that people have never been able to see it. Yes,

Matthias Miller  1:35:25
exactly. And you derive a tremendous amount of energy, first of all, being the person in the middle of that. And you also derive a tremendous amount of energy being able to pull other people in and and pulling them, sucking them into the experience, right? And helping them feel the emotion of what it's like. I love that.

Speaker 1  1:35:45
That's cool. That's neat. That sounds exciting, actually,

Unknown Speaker  1:35:53
yeah, I think you do good at it.

Speaker 1  1:35:57
That sounds awesome. Yeah, that's so cool. I don't even know how to make that one up. But, like, how would that even be, you know? I mean, that's, that's interesting. So I would be the person doing the job or interviewing the people.

Matthias Miller  1:36:12
I think you would be the person both. Okay, I would jump in the or

Speaker 1  1:36:18
two or half of it would be figuring out the mechanics of it and or, yeah, I think then the other half would be me doing it.

Matthias Miller  1:36:27
I think, yeah, I think it's both. It's a mix, it's a blend, it's a

Unknown Speaker  1:36:32
interesting.

Matthias Miller  1:36:33
I mean, I think it comes down to, how would you naturally do it? Okay, but I think you would naturally, we'll get into this after lunch. I think you naturally jump in and ask a bajillion questions, and then start jumping in and doing the work, right, yeah, yeah. And then, as you're going 20 other questions of service, yeah, exactly like, right,

Unknown Speaker  1:36:57
yeah, because the brain is always going. The

Unknown Speaker  1:36:59
brain is always going, always curious. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:37:02
that's really good. I like it because I'll think about things in ways that other people wouldn't, and then they like, wow, I never thought about that way. That's actually really cool. It's interesting, like, I'll think about things that they weren't even thinking about, and then they'd be like, Oh, that is kind of cool. Realize that.

Unknown Speaker  1:37:20
And it really, and I don't know what this looks like,

Matthias Miller  1:37:29
so that's like, there's, like, the big, full fledged, multi million dollar production TV show idea, you know, there's that, yeah, there's also a version of this that can fit smack dab in the middle of the career counseling that you're doing. And I don't know what that looks like, or what it is, okay, but it seems to me there's got to be some kind of way that actually not right. I

Speaker 1  1:37:55
actually thought about something like that, actually in some way, like a connection of of a, like a, not production, but some type of program, like a, like a video of something, a video.

Matthias Miller  1:38:10
I have no idea. I know nothing about your job description besides just your title, right? But, but you can also imagine, but, but imagine your own version of the sheriff leadership class tour thing that they did. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  1:38:27
okay,

Matthias Miller  1:38:30
okay, where you can take people either, okay, details would have to be fleshed out, right? I don't know what this is So, but, but you take people specifically into you, takes people specifically into environments so that they can experience what the work environment is like, yeah? So I don't know. We gotta wrap maybe we can pick that up after,

Speaker 1  1:38:57
yeah. Okay, cool. Yeah. I destroyed my apple.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai