Unknown Speaker  00:00
Always some Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  00:06
So the question was, there was one thing I can get from today, yeah?

Matthias Miller  00:11
Or if at the end of the day something is true, what would make it a really good day?

Speaker 1  00:20
I guess, for I mean, obviously, there's two different things really. So one of them is to lay a structure for my job to make myself really successful in my job, I guess. And then the other one is to figure out, like, obviously, I kind of know my strengths already, but like, really hone in on, like, what I'm really good at, and like, how to channel that into something that's gonna, like, make me obviously successful, right as a person and just in life. I mean, obviously I have a job, yeah, but maybe thinking bigger, you know.

Speaker 2  01:00
So what? What would be, so,

Speaker 2  01:16
and, and so, what would you say? What is what is success? What is successful look like for you? Oh,

Speaker 1  01:23
well, I guess there's different parts to that. But I mean, financial is important, but just doing something that I enjoy, like and that other people are benefited from it because of me, you know, like something that I like, I've never been in a job. Well, you can enjoy every job you're in, but like, I've never been in something that I've never done a job that I'm like, Oh yeah, I love this job. And I don't care if I get paid, I just love it, you know, like, I don't know. So I've never, and some people, you know, they grow up and they kind of know what they want to do. And I've never been that person, yeah, like, I've never, I don't know, I wouldn't, I don't know if you want to go back in my history, but I just as always, just from one thing to the next, just always trying to won the army. Like I that's an automatic track, really. But when I was out of the Army, active duty, it was like, I just needed a job, and I was just trying to find the next job to continue to go up, you know, yeah, make more money was always the goal, yeah, you know, it was never like, Oh, let me find a job that you know fits me. Yeah. Never.

Unknown Speaker  02:41
So

Speaker 1  02:44
and then also, just sorry to interrupt, but I went to this, like, alternative medicine thing yesterday, like, and I was gonna do, have you ever heard of methylene blue? It's like a really big thing, but that people do for your brain. So I was gonna get the IV of that yesterday, but then I can't, because I have, like, I take depression medication and it's, like, on a high dose, they're like, Yeah, we don't want you to have the serotonin syndrome. I guess you could die from that. So they're like, Okay, he gave me, like, a Myers cocktail, okay, just, you know, vitamins and stuff like that. And then he's like, Okay, here's these pills. And it's basically metal and blue, but it's, like, way less. So I took those this morning, and so I'm like, I don't know. I don't know what to expect. Yeah, I brought them to if you want to see, yeah, the bottle, but just so you can see like what I'm doing, but bring in stuff like that, like focus and energy and stuff like that. I I'm sure you'll be really interested in it. So,

Unknown Speaker  04:05
yeah,

Speaker 1  04:06
oh yeah, I brought all the papers and stuff from his

Unknown Speaker  04:11
place. Oh, brilliant. I'm good. Okay, I got a bunch too. So,

Unknown Speaker  04:15
oh yeah, are

Unknown Speaker  04:16
you mean from the stuff that you from the

Unknown Speaker  04:18
from the from the Colby the place, yeah,

Speaker 2  04:21
anyway, oh, from over there, yeah, okay, not, not really important right now, but that's interesting, but we'll

Speaker 1  04:31
figure it out later. Yeah, anywho get back soon.

Unknown Speaker  04:35
No, that's okay. So

Speaker 1  04:38
here's, I'm trying to do everything I can to be the best me, yeah, and I don't know, right now, it just feels like it's a good time to do that, because I have more money and stuff right now. It doesn't seem like it, but it's just yeah, yeah. But

Matthias Miller  04:55
so here's my encouragement for today, and we shot this as a text yesterday, and then here's that you're you can see this in the unique capability. You can see this from interacting with you. You're a giver. Yeah, you've always been Yeah, you're the one. If there's somebody else who's got a backpack that's too heavy and you got ears, you're like, I can take, I can take years too. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  05:21
yeah, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  05:25
and

Unknown Speaker  05:28
like, I'll go out of my way, yeah,

Speaker 2  05:31
yeah. And they're Oh yeah. Here,

Unknown Speaker  05:46
today's your day to receive.

Speaker 2  06:00
It's okay. It's completely okay. I

Matthias Miller  06:17
want you just to take a few minutes lean back, close your eyes, and I just feel like it's there's a little bit of an opportunity here for you. This is not, this is not about me. This is just, I don't really know what your spiritual background or spiritual belief is, oh, God, I believe God, yeah. So I feel like, I feel like God just wants to wrap you in His love right now, and I just want you to take, if you're open to it, just take a few minutes close your eyes and just receive His love and just let him wash over you. And I really feel like that's going to set the tone for, for, for today, I'm just going to speak some things over you from his heart. But I feel like he wants you to know. He wants you to know he sees you. He sees what you've been through. He sees what you've walked through. He sees the

Unknown Speaker  07:43
Wow, yep, I feel like, I feel like

Matthias Miller  07:53
you get in this space of trying, pushing, trying to get there. And yeah, I feel like he wants you to know that there is this place in him where you can just be all of the things that you've wanted to become. He's already planted in you as seeds, and some of the storms of life, the things that you've gone through have shaped you, the relationships, the

Matthias Miller  08:33
different situations that you've been in that have made you doubt yourself, doubt What you know, doubt your thinking, doubt your instincts. Yeah, we're

Matthias Miller  08:59
going to talk about all kinds of tactical stuff.

Matthias Miller  09:08
One of the things that one of my friends is one of my mentors, has been drilling into me is that we are not problems to be fixed, but people to be known. I feel like you've had a heart to seek after God, to know God. There have been a lot of prayers. There have been a lot of prayers that have felt that like they're coming back empty.

Matthias Miller  09:38
As much as you've sought to know God that is just as much as he's wanting to know you.

Unknown Speaker  09:49
It's been a while since I've been seeking Him, though,

Unknown Speaker  09:52
that's right, it's okay. There's no guilt, there's no condemnation, there's only love.

Matthias Miller  10:22
The just take whatever time you need to sit, process, think, pray, be rest, let go whatever it needs to look like. We're in no hurry. And just let me, just let me know When, when you feel like you're done. I

Speaker 3  11:15
a normal pusher, you know, I can't push like to get things done, like to make people happy and to keep the peace and stuff, and I just keep going and going, you know,

Speaker 3  11:35
and maybe that's why I try to do all these things so that I can be ready all the time. I don't know if that even matters,

Unknown Speaker  11:46
no matter what kind of per book it's thrown at you.

Speaker 1  11:48
Yeah. So, like, that's why I try to do all these things. So, like, no, of course, I want to be my best, but when I'm just trying to, like, trying to be whole and at the same time, take care of everybody else, and always be ready. And,

Unknown Speaker  12:09
yeah, I love, I love to

Speaker 1  12:15
take care of people in whatever way. Yeah, they need. You know, not every way, but you

Unknown Speaker  12:21
know what I mean. I know what you mean, doing whatever you can,

Unknown Speaker  12:26
yeah, and

Speaker 1  12:29
admiring my husband. I think he takes, well, I know he takes advantage of that, and that's the biggest issue over the years, you know. And then in a lot of ways, I'm thankful for him, but, but he, he's just, he's just selfish a lot, and I'm just like, an extension of his needs, you know, like, oh, I or what he wants me to do, you know, like, oh, I want you to. You need to do this, you need to do that. And it's just like, you're home and you can do it, you know, just that's kind of off topic, but it's just a lot of times I don't agree with the things that he says doesn't need to do, but I just do them anyway, because I don't want to deal with the conversation. Or any type of yeah conflict, yeah? Just like, let me just just get it knocked out. You know, somebody's got to do it. So, yeah, it's been like that, like, our whole marriage, so that's all.

Speaker 2  13:39
It's a weight that you're carrying, yeah, yeah. I

Speaker 1  13:42
mean, I'm so used to it now. It's kind of like whatever, and I find ways to, you know, like, make myself happy, I guess, like, even though I can't control that, you know, yeah, and yeah,

Unknown Speaker  14:03
that's why I'm thankful that I have a better job now, but he doesn't know. You know that I have his job.

Speaker 1  14:15
He doesn't know, and I'm lying, you know, but it's because I don't want to give him my money, and maybe I'm wrong for that, but I guess I don't know. I just feel like I've always been taken advantage of. Yes, I mean, every time if I have to borrow money from him, I always have to pay him back. You know, like he never just gives me money. So, and I'm thankful that I have that ability to get money from him, but I always have to give it back, so it's not his perpetual cycle. But I don't even know what I'm talking about him, but in that he's a big part of I feel like, why and the way I am, yeah, yeah. And I think that's why I'm bringing him up. Because

Unknown Speaker  15:11
I think that's part of the reason, well, big part of the reason why I've

Speaker 1  15:18
dealt certain things, you know, yeah, or maybe don't even recognize certain things you know, or how to use that and grow in that, because I'm always so worried about, well, partially because of just the ways over the years, not, maybe Not so much knowledge is kind of demeaned me. And not take it my he doesn't. He doesn't really listen to me, you know, or really care what I have to say. So, yeah, you know, it makes you, it dumbs you down, like your thoughts, because you just, why say that volitive matter, right? Yeah, so you just kind of keep quiet a lot. I watch a lot of YouTube. I love my YouTube, but yeah, but um, I don't know where I'm going with that, but, yeah,

Matthias Miller  16:21
where you're going as it matters to you, what, where you're going is it matters to

Speaker 1  16:26
you? Oh, yeah, yeah. It matters, yeah. And, I mean, there's been many times where my mom, you know, my mom, is definitely, she's similar to me, but very different for me, yeah? And she doesn't understand, you know why I'm still with him. I've been married for him for 15 years, but, uh, and it's just been, you know, roller coaster, but, uh, she hates she doesn't hate him, but she really doesn't like him, and she wanted me to divorce him long time ago, because he's just the way he treated me so, so badly, like I don't know, a lot of abusive things and stuff, verbal, emotional, mental, physical, not physical. Now really, but not really, but it's not but over the years, you know, different times or he would get really mad and he would, that's like, how he would try to control the situation. I guess, if I didn't, I don't know, but um, and now he's still, he's always been controlling, but it's not completely controlling, but just certain things, like, I can't say no, really, like for me to say, like, Oh, I really don't feel like it, it's like,

Unknown Speaker  17:55
like, not. I'm not talking about sexual things. I'm just saying

Unknown Speaker  17:58
about anything, anything, yeah, anything.

Speaker 1  18:02
Like, even if I said I don't feel good when you feel better, you know, go take care.

Unknown Speaker  18:08
Time Delay soon

Speaker 1  18:10
as you get up, yeah, you know, I need you to take care of this. Like, oh my god, you know. Like, so he's on break, I guess, because he worked for the school, and he he'll even though he's at home, he still tells me to go do things even though I'm working. It's like, I'm so used to it. So it's like, whatever. But it's just, it's frustrating that he loves to tell me what to do, and it's just like, how about you go do that? You know? Yeah, you know, it's just, but I think he sees it as when you're out and about, so you're working, but you're out and about, so you know, you can do it on your way home, or whatever. It's just like, Oh, this guy kills me. So I just, like, I said, I'm just used to it. So I just, Alright, whatever. It's like autopilot, kind of But yesterday, I had to go to Denver to do this thing, and he didn't know about that. So I feel like the lies are just villain, not really lies, but the lack of mission, I guess, omission, yeah, just not talking about it, yeah. So it's whatever, and we I do what I have to do, you know, to get what I want. And like with this, you know, like, this is a big deal for me. I've always thought about something like this, but I never, either didn't have the money or was like, Ah, whatever. I'll be fine, you know. But now I'm like, no, like, I'm gonna the only way to grow or to increase is to invest in yourself, and so takes money to whatever, but so anyway, yeah, so I'm just at a weird place. I feel more independent than I have in a long time. Yeah. How does that feel? Really good. Yeah, yeah, yeah, really good. I mean, I think that's part of the reason, though, that I haven't been and it's kind of sad, but I see it now. And I'm not rich by any means at all, but I have more money than i i have in a long time and and now I see why a lot of rich people, you know, don't like kind of move away from God, because money is their God, and that fills that void or that stress, like, oh, I have money. Can take care of things, right, instead of depending on him.

Unknown Speaker  21:00
So I see that, and it's like, wow,

Unknown Speaker  21:07
because I know that, like,

Unknown Speaker  21:10
I know I'm my best when I'm with him, you know, like when I'm like, when I'm connected to him. I

Speaker 1  21:23
It's like, it's like it doesn't matter, like what happens in your life, or like where you're at, what's going on. It's like you're always okay. You know, when he's winning, like, when he's like, when the Holy Spirit is like living and on fire on the side of you, it's like, you're good, because you always have him. You always know he's there. He's working on your bed, and he's working through you and around you. And it's like, I don't know, I just I noticed that that changed, you know, now that I'm, you know, plus, I'm no excuse, but I'm more I'm not really, not really busy, but I'm like, my job is kind of all the time. So again, I'll, like, you're always kind of like, have to be ready. And that doesn't mean I'm working all day, but I have lots of flexibility, but it's just, it's different than a nine to five or whatever, like Job, and you know me how that is, but so it's just, um, it's just finding that I'm not good at this, Okay, I'm not good at structure. Like, I need structure, but I'm not really good at it. Like, so, like, from, like, a battle rhythm, like, okay, from, you know, you know, nine to 10 I'm gonna do this. Yes, no, I don't do that. Like, I just,

Unknown Speaker  22:55
where's the need? How can I adapt around it? Exactly,

Speaker 1  22:58
yes, yeah. So I just get in there and I see what comes at me, and then I just start get working on, you know, so instead of doing what I need to do in a structurally way, and I just

Matthias Miller  23:10
Yeah, so if you go back what's a period of time in your life where you felt Like you were really close to God,

Speaker 1  23:21
recently, actually, um, well, many times over my life, but the most recent, or, yeah, anytime, yeah, the most recent, probably, when was that, I think it It was trying to think it was this, this year, earlier this year, I think, what, what exactly do you want me to the timing or the what

Unknown Speaker  23:51
was it like?

Speaker 1  23:53
Oh, um, peaceful, like it was,

Unknown Speaker  23:59
what, what led you into that?

Unknown Speaker  24:07
You mean? Why? Why did I get to that point? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  24:09
what's the story behind so you got into this place of peace, okay, what's the story from that led right up to you getting into that? I

Speaker 1  24:18
think usually it happens before, well before or during a period of time where I'm really taxed, like, where something is happening, like a big like, something is, like, coming up, or I'm going, I'm doing something that's I have to be on, like, ready? You know, that's usually when I'm the that way, when I'm when I'm at when I look really closely, because I know, I know that I need him, you know, like I know that I'm I won't be as successful or in or I won't, I'll be missing out on opportunity if I'm not connected to him in that time on your game, yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. And sometimes it's just, just, sometimes it's just, I don't know, like, by choice, like, why? Just, I know that I want to do, I want to do well, like, say, at this job, like, the job I was at before, you know, I was like, I really want to do well at this job, and I know that I can't be 100% without him. And that's when, because then I invest that time, yeah, you know, yeah. And I give him that time, and I pray and I read and I I surrender, yeah, yeah, and acknowledge that I need him, you know, and I pray and include him and everything. And that's when I feel, when I give him that time, that he invests in any he always wants to invest in us, but we have to be willing and, and a president, you know, yeah, and it's like, like, he's always at the door. Yes, you're knocking, yeah. So it's just, are you willing? Are you are you gonna open it?

Matthias Miller  26:07
Can Is it fair to say that, even for yourself, personally, with or without God, that you've always felt sharpest when you've been pushing the edge the envelope, taking a risk, yeah, yeah, I think so

Speaker 1  26:26
yeah, when I'm when I'm expected to Yes, yeah, expected to like, when I'm like, when something is coming up, for me to do like, it's like, what? I'm okay, like, if say your question one more time. Yes,

Matthias Miller  26:42
I mean, you said when you're expected to. So you my question to you was for yourself, personally, with or without, God, just you in your world as you show up when you're at the edge. You're, you're, you're taking you're, you're pushing the risk. You're taking a risk. You're, you're pushing the envelope. You're in this in between, space between comfort and really the unknown, the known and the unknown, the comfort and the is this going to be the end of me?

Speaker 1  27:18
Well, I mean, when somebody, when something I don't know if I don't either expected, but when somebody asked me to do something, or I know I have to do something, that's when I really put my foot down. You know, like I I do my bad, like I pushed more in bed for my best. Yeah, okay, yeah. But

Matthias Miller  27:40
is that, but there's something that there?

Unknown Speaker  27:50
Okay,

Matthias Miller  27:57
so is there anything that God's been putting on your heart that's wild and risky and scary? I

Speaker 1  28:13
haven't really been listening lately, but before, yeah, I mean, there has been different things that I've wanted to do, like, bigger things, like, what I thought I was telling you on a plane, the one about getting that training for everyone you know. Like, that's something that I like, because it's exciting and it's, it's something everyone can benefit for, through, for with, you know, personally, and I like that stuff. And so I thinking about the bigger stuff. Yes, yeah, like, that's, I like that stuff, that's, that's cool. And, I mean, I like thinking about big things, because then you get to see God work when you ask for something big, okay,

Matthias Miller  29:02
so let's just do this. Yeah, let's take a minute. Let's just ask him. And so whether you want to echo out loud, or you just want to whatever, just ask him. So God, what is, what is the big thing that you've got for me to lean into.

Unknown Speaker  29:24
Okay, okay, okay,

Speaker 1  29:33
father, what is Well, I kind of already know some of what you want me to do, but

Speaker 3  29:43
just open reveal to me,

Speaker 1  29:50
open my heart and help me to hear your voice and know What you want me to do. Lord, what big thing do you want me to accomplish now and in the future? What steps do you want me to take to get to that place and help me to hear your voice again,

Unknown Speaker  30:23
to draw near to you,

Speaker 1  30:25
be connected to you, because I know I can't do that without you,

Speaker 3  30:32
and I know that you created me for something more, bigger than myself. But my heart has to be right. It has to be right. It can't be for me. It has to be for you and for your purpose, not mine. I know until that happens, I can't proceed, so I just ask for your forgiveness for putting money first before you, for putting everything else before you. God,

Unknown Speaker  31:14
I'm sorry, and I know that I'm wrong, and I know that you don't hold it against me,

Speaker 3  31:25
and I know that you love me anyway, because you only want what's best for me, and just ask that You will be done through my life, in this moment, in this time, Lord, that your will be done, and I just pray that you will bless this time that we have together, that your spirit would be here and that We would receive all that you have

Unknown Speaker  31:59
and that, oh, that whatever you want to come out of this Lord, that it would be,

Unknown Speaker  32:08
we give you this time and

Speaker 3  32:11
we surrender, I surrender Lord to you, and I give you my heart and my mind, My life, and help me, Lord, to start putting you first in everything that I do, and stop depending on myself. And I just thank you for always being there no matter what, Lord, You never change. You're always the same, and your love never changes, no matter what

Unknown Speaker  32:42
may we be more like you, God, less like the world, less like us and more like you.

Speaker 3  32:50
Whatever it is, Father that you created for us to do in this world. Father that it would be because you know you created. You have the blueprint you, you, you have the manual for who we are, and we have to come to the Creator to know exactly what we're made for, father. So I just ask Father that your will be done. I thank you for all that you're doing and for every provision that you give us God, because you have a purpose for it. Thank you, Lord in Jesus, name Amen. Oh, god, that's been a long time. Wow. Long time.

Speaker 2  33:44
So is there anything with kids, working with kids?

Speaker 1  33:52
Well, not exactly, but I know. Okay, let me give you some background. Go for it. So when I was younger, I used to go to Bible study of my mom in Southern California. And there was this lady, it was her house, and she, I used to love going Bible study. I loved it. And she was like, There's something special about you, like, God has something special for you to do. Like, there's you're different, you know? And I was like, Okay. I was like, in junior high or something, and I was like, Okay, thanks. And I knew it, though, but I've always felt like I was created for something bigger than me, like, I don't know, and like I've even thought about myself, like being on a stage, I don't know, like being in front of a bunch of people, and just being really passionate about God, like, like, in a way that it's so, like, intense that, but was, but it's full of love, and just talking about that love, and I don't even know exactly what I would be saying, but I just know that something like that, because I used to, when I was a teenager, I used to go to youth group all the time, and I remember I used to like cry like for people, because I knew that they were hurting and I didn't want them to hurt anymore. I wanted them to know the love of God, you know, and because he's so like, like, it's, it's, it bothers me for people to be suffering when they can be thriving and being full of love and peace. It just really, I guess that goes hand in hand with justice, you know, like, I don't know, like, I don't like, when people are like, getting to how to write, how to say that, like, I've always been very protective, I guess, and like I don't, I don't like people to get away wrong and like hurting other people, I guess you could say, but, uh, so I was always very like, actually, my uncle used to call me the warden, because I was very like, protective over my mom, and I would go out of my way to, like, do things to protect her, like, in Weird, different, maybe not so good ways, but, but um, but anyway, so dad and then, and then there was, where's this other time? Okay, so this other time went to go visit my mom. I was already adult in the army, and I went to visit her, and we went to church one Sunday. Um, I don't know anybody in there. And I don't think she really know anyone either. I mean, she said she didn't know this lady. And after church, some lady came up to me and and she had older lady, not old, but she, like, she was in her late 50s or 60, or something, maybe 60. And she was like, she was like, God told me to tell you that you're going to lead your generation. And I'm like, Wow. I was like, Oh, okay. I don't know what that means, but that's big. And when she said that, I was like, okay, like interesting. I just said, Thank you for telling me. I don't remember exactly what I said, but I just said, Thank you for telling me that and after I never forgot it. But that's probably like 10 years ago, maybe 12 years ago. It's been a long time, but, and then I don't even know where I'm going with this, but and then I went to we lived in Belgium for a couple years, and I used to go this Bible study and stuff. And just like I had dreams and stuff of just different things, I should have brought that stuff, but just spiritual things, like God, like one, I don't even want to go through the dream, but just different things, um, like, I had this dream where I was in this big building, and there's always round tables, and there was people, all different types of people in there, fat people, skinny people, everybody, you know, just everyone. And so I was, I sat down at this table, and then all these people came around me on my table, like, and started talking to me and asked me questions and stuff like that. And I was telling we've done things, and I can't even remember, but they were all focused on me and, like, looking to me for for guidance. And I was like, Wow, that's crazy, you know, but that was one thing and another thing. This other one was like, this big, like warehouse, open warehouse, and there was like, different foods and different things you could get. And everyone had, like, basket, and I had, like, all these Mustafa full of stuff. And then I ended up, like, setting it down and out. Because it was just like, go to check out, I guess, and I set it down, and then I left it there to go find something else. And then I ended up leaving it there. And then all these bugs and insects, like, just ate it up. And it was just for nothing, and it's basically like, I feel like God's saying, like, don't waste the things that I've given you, you know, for put your focus on the right place, kind of, yeah, so, and

Matthias Miller  39:59
when you were praying, he mentioned something about him having shown you part of what this plan or this thing is. Should we talk about what you've

Speaker 1  40:11
I mean, exactly, I don't really know exactly. I just, there's just little pieces, you know, defenses. I mean, just, he has never really told me, just like I said, just little things, what

Matthias Miller  40:29
doesn't have to be, he told you, it can be, you discovered inside. It can be inside, it can be instinct. It can be observation. It can be, here's, here's how some of these things work. Yeah, there's, we go through life, and there's this experience here, and we are in a situation, we recognize something. And then there's sometimes, like, you're saying dreams, sometimes people, people sharing what, what they feel like they're hearing from God. There's, there's, you know, just logic, just rational, like, oh, well, like, a plus b plus c. So like, Oh, I'm just looking like, what are the fragments? I don't care if they don't fit. Oh, I don't care if they make sense. What are the fragments? And we'll get more into this stuff later. But there's no right or wrong answer. I'm just curious. Well, is it just a knowing or a drawing, or is it, is there more? I

Speaker 1  41:27
mean, my one of my friend told me, when I was in Belgium, I forgot to say this, but she said that God was saying something to her about evangelism, and I was just like kind of let me, I think I explained to her some other things, like those other things that had said happened to me before. And so I don't know if she just, I don't know, but, I mean, I've always thought that I was meant, you know, to do something in front of people. Yeah, them

Speaker 1  42:06
with, obviously, not on my own, like, I would have to have Holy Spirit, you know, speaking to me. But also that takes time, you know, like that takes investment in the secret place, you know, like, you can't, like, obviously I don't remember everything, but the cloister will bring to your remembrance things that he wants you to say and stuff like that. And so I know that I can never become that unless I start there and then I have to be content, like, have to be consistent, because it's a relationship, you know. And so that's what I keep getting pulled from, is doing that yes, and not staying connected and so, but,

Unknown Speaker  42:51
yeah, it's

Speaker 1  42:57
Personal, but I think that, I think that, I, I think that's the only way to, really, I don't know, like, get to that place, is to start, if there's steps and you have to stay in that continuous process, or else it you're just off course and you won't you Have to go back down again. Kind of Yeah. So I think that's what the devil, you know, he does in different ways. He always he has different, you know, methods to try to pull you away from your purpose. Yeah? He does it all the time, yeah, yeah, yeah. He doesn't change his tricks, but uses the same Yeah, because he knows if you get to that place or a threat, a big threat to him, and his goals to destroy people and God's purpose. So that's why it's that continual fight, you know? So I That's the tough thing, is just being consistent. And like, my husband's really good at it, even though he doesn't act like it, his behavior doesn't always align with his with what he does. But like, he reads the Bible and prays like every day, all the time, it's always he's very, like, he's very different than me in that way, like he's very regimented, like everything has to be in a certain way, certain time. And I'm like, I'm like, whatever. I just do whatever.

Matthias Miller  44:35
So here's what we're gonna Yeah, I think here's what we're gonna do. Let's dig into you some of your patterns of behavior. I think there's a definition shift that needs to happen. I think that regimented does not mean good or bad relationship. Okay, regimented, not regimented is something over here, good or bad relationship, whether it's God people, other people, it's over here. They're not connected,

Speaker 3  45:03
right? Because you're right, you're right, yeah,

Matthias Miller  45:14
and God's not up there. He's not like Man, she's never gonna have a relationship with me because she's not regimented

Speaker 2  45:23
enough. Man, I should have fixed that. Dang it wrong gene. I don't know

Unknown Speaker  45:31
you're right though. Yeah, yeah, you're absolutely right.

Matthias Miller  45:33
So the pressure's off. Okay, we don't know what it looks like yet, yeah, but there's a pattern, a path, a blueprint, something a I don't even we don't know. We're going to discover parts and pieces and clues, what it looks like for you to have an unregimented Walk with the Father, with him, with Holy Spirit, listening to him. I

Matthias Miller  46:06
When you look at the story of Jesus, what did discipleship look like? And yes, there's, it was not very unregi it's like, it's like

Speaker 1  46:18
in the moment, like, yes, yeah, yes, as needed in the moment, yeah. Always

Matthias Miller  46:24
like, we're hungry, let's eat this, this wheat, right? Why are we doing this? Oh, teaching moment. Here's why we're gonna walk along. Oh, these people, the religious people, are really angry over this woman forgetting adultery. Well, there's some questions to be asked and so, but then here's this teaching moment, because he stumbles. Into the situation, which is really a trap to get him right. That's you. Yeah, you are a, I think, tell me if this resonates, but I think you're a walk through life and hear from him and learn from him. Disciple, and I think you're a walk through life here for him, disciple maker too, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  47:07
yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  47:11
You have complete permission, yeah. And so. And if part of you is part of what I'm not here to say that this is the best way or the worst way or I'm just saying it's a way. The reason for asking this question is, and I've been in this place a lot recently, is comfort feels good, but it's our enemy. It's our enemy. Personally, it's our enemy. Yes, spiritually, yeah. And so, if just this simple knowing for yourself that if I have something that, that, if you know that you have something that's going to push the envelope, and you know that, I know I can do it, but I'm really going to lean in and it's going to force me into this place of dependency. They go do that. That might be your, yeah, that might be your devotion plan, Bible plan, prayer plan, I don't know what your plan any before anything else is just I'm going to consistently find something that's pushing me to the edge. And I'm going to be, I'm going to be a woman who lives on the edge, because that's what I need. That's what drives me. That's what I need to really lean in and connect with him, okay? And we're gonna walk through life with him.

Speaker 1  48:46
Yeah? You mean like putting myself in positions that aren't, are new, that are new, and then that requires me to, like, obviously, because I want it to push in to present, I guess, yesterday, yeah, yeah. Go into places

Matthias Miller  49:03
where you don't already have the answers and trust that he's gonna show them.

Speaker 1  49:11
Okay, that's good. That's faith. Yeah. That is, yeah. I like that. Yeah. That's the thing I haven't been doing because of fear of commitment. I think, I think that's why, because I'm, I guess I'm somewhat selfish with my time, even though I don't really do a lot with my time.

Unknown Speaker  49:32
What is selfish with my time look like? I

Speaker 1  49:34
mean, I just do things that aren't really, I mean, in some way they're beneficial, but in the bigger way, I guess they're really not, but I don't know, like, right now, I don't know where you stand politically, but I love Trump, and I'm very like, I watch all his rallies, like, I want to know everything you know. I mean, obviously I don't know everything, but I want to know as much as I can. So like, I understand what I'm voting for. And you know what, if someone was to ask me, you know why, or whatever. But so I spend a lot of time watching that stuff, political stuff right now because of the election. And so that's kind of like where all my focus is right now, on top of work.

Speaker 2  50:24
But what's your fascination with it? With, oh, with, with political, yeah, um,

Unknown Speaker  50:30
that's a good question.

Speaker 1  50:35
I like, I like, how someone can inspire a lot of people for something bigger, like, like, like, when it comes to America, like, I've never been, I've never been so proud to be American, I guess. And until now, like, until Trump 2020, really, I never really thought about it. Was never like a thing. And so I just love how you can, you can inspire someone to love who they are and what we stand for here and and all that stuff. And he embodies that. And I just think that's so amazing, and it's, it's energizing, and it feels good for someone to care about you and your what is best for your family and your you know, values, instead of not standing for anything really. Oh, you know, women's rights. You know, to kill your baby or whatever. It's just, it's just, it's just crazy to me, and so I just love that someone cares about the people, really cares about the people, and doesn't, you know, he's not working for someone's check, you know, or their own bank, his bank account. I mean, he's almost been killed. I mean, three times. It's just He who would do that, unless you really love the people in the country. Why? You know, and so I just love passion. I love passion in people like that. That gets me going. And I don't see that at all on the other side, it's, it's fake, it's phony. It's, it's scripted and bought and paid for. And it's just, it's just not it gets me excited. I love that stuff, and I love when people love other people, and they are fighting for the best of that, of that person, of those people like that makes me that, that makes me, like, feel good inside and excited about the future. I'm going

Matthias Miller  52:52
to tell you why later, but your political stuff isn't a waste. Oh, okay, so good. Yeah, I have a heroes and hobbies exercise. Okay, so we're gonna you're already doing it. Okay, what are some of your other heroes?

Unknown Speaker  53:09
My other heroes? Jeez. Like, what do you mean? Like,

Speaker 2  53:15
you love Trump. You love watching Trump, yes, yeah, and he's

Speaker 1  53:19
hilarious, and he's so himself. He's real genuine. He's he talks to the crowd or anyone he's talking to like they're it's just a casual conversation. And I love that, like I want to be like that, where I can just talk freely in front of people and talk to them just like I'm having a normal conversation, without any hindrances, any filters, just raw and like where it touches you, like it feels personal. I mean, it is personal.

Matthias Miller  53:59
So are there? Are there other other heroes, like authors as kid, there's this movie, stars, characters, other types of people that you're like, man, like that person.

Speaker 1  54:12
Oh, well, oh, shoot, my brain, I feel stupid. I've been so wrapped up in the blue. No,

Matthias Miller  54:20
it's fine. This is, this is probably my extra be good enough for the whole exercise. I was just curious, yeah,

Speaker 1  54:26
um, I really, I mean, I don't really like her, but I just remember there was a period of time where I liked Maya Angelou her work, because she's very descriptive and very detailed, and really gave you a sense of the picture, of what she was trying to paint, because it was it included senses and sights and all the different things that you can think of when you think of a situation, like whatever she's writing about. And so I really liked how she painted this picture where you could really feel like you were there. I love that. I like writing, I like, I like, I like writing. I like details a lot. Yeah, I'm a very detailed person. I like to make sure that everything is covered so there's no questions, because that's what I want. Yeah, and I don't know, maybe that's just, maybe it's not because but, but I feel like people I deserve that. Yeah, they deserve to know everything so that they can make the best educated decision, or, you know, next step. Um, who else do I link? And this is challenging my brain. That's fine. Yeah, I know there is more, but it's just,

Matthias Miller  55:44
let's go another, another angle too. Have you ever had Oh, I

Speaker 1  55:48
like, I guess so I'm thinking of political stuff, but I really like his name. I can't remember his name right now. He's a senator in with Midwestern states. Anyway. I really like the way he talks, which is irrelevant, really, but,

Unknown Speaker  56:09
well, okay, but,

Speaker 1  56:11
and I don't have, what is it he said, he said he was a lawyer before, but he's a Senator for a state. And Josh Holly, yeah, I like, I like how he I don't I like lawyers, not all of them, but I just like how they they're very good at speaking and like and explaining something like, in a Very argumentative winning way. And I just sounds stupid. But no, I really like the way. I really like the way he talks like he's

Unknown Speaker  56:51
okay, let's compare him to

Speaker 1  56:53
i There's different ways people are, you know. Okay,

Speaker 2  56:57
let's, let's compare him versus why? I don't know. Pick somebody in your head to contrast. Well, it looks Obama. I

Unknown Speaker  57:11
don't know. How

Unknown Speaker  57:12
is he different than than Obama?

Speaker 1  57:14
Ah, shoot, um, you know, I don't really know. I didn't really listen to, okay, how

Speaker 2  57:21
is he different from Trump? Okay, um,

Speaker 1  57:26
Trump is more humorous, I guess um more he's not as sophisticated in his speech like he doesn't he's very he has very simple language. So, so anyone, anyone across the spectrum, can understand what the hell he's talking about, because it's very basic, right? Um, and that's the that's a big difference. And,

Unknown Speaker  57:51
and you love you, and do you enjoy

Unknown Speaker  57:55
he's funny? Like, yeah, okay.

Unknown Speaker  57:57
Josh Molly, funny?

Unknown Speaker  57:58
No.

Speaker 2  57:59
Joshua, do you enjoy his sophistication, or you just, I

Speaker 1  58:02
just like the way he, I just like the way he, he like, he, um,

Speaker 2  58:09
he lays out argument. Yeah. It's just like, okay. It's like, gotcha kind of, I don't know. It's like, very like, Well, okay, it's like an airtight defense, powerful,

Speaker 1  58:19
powerful. Yeah, it's, it's, yeah, I can't even I have to. I haven't listened to him in a while, but I just know that I really like the way he speaks.

Matthias Miller  58:27
Let me see if I can explain. To see if this makes sense. It's almost like, Okay, here's this thing, and then point one, which you can't argue, point two, which you can't argue, and point three, that you can't argue, right? You tie it all together, and at the end you have this complete, bulletproof, whole piece with all the components together and like, it's impenetrable, like,

Speaker 1  58:44
and then he also asked questions that they can't answer, you know, like, that's the big Jesus did that actually. He questioned. When they would ask him a question, he would ask them a question, yeah. And I really like that, because it makes that person think, you know, yeah, because a lot of the questions they would ask him would be trying to get him trapped, you know, right, into something where he knew that they what they were trying to do. So, yeah, I really like, I just like him. He's good man. He's very good at this words, and he knows what he's he already has a plan before he obviously goes up there. And I just love that. I like how people how they research the person that they're asking questions, and they come up with a plan of how to get them, I guess like, like, it just makes that person look like, I don't know, like, there's no way that then anyone can believe what they're saying or whatever, because of what he laid out, or how ridiculous it is that this person is, you know, trying to be a judge or something like that. Like, because of all the, all the research that was done prior, right? And then he lays it out like, you know, yep, you cannot. It's like a big fan of a shield, you know, there's no way you can penetrate all this that I just laid out.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:15
Yes, yeah, I like passion.

Speaker 1  1:00:22
If you people so that are smart, not dumb, passionate people, yep,

Unknown Speaker  1:00:34
but there is a good distinction, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:00:38
but there is some smart people who are passionate, but that but have dumb views, or alternate views that are self benefiting, right? Or, you know, played to their their donors, I guess so. It just, it depends on the, I guess what the why behind the why is a big thing. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:01:08
so are there, I know you mentioned works a lot of your life right now, but throughout your year, throughout your life, out there, are there activities, hobbies, things like that, that you enjoy doing, like, Man, if I that you would enjoy doing even like, hey, if I had a free weekend, I would go spend it at I am,

Speaker 2  1:01:32
the Colorado knitting convention. I don't know what like? Oh, okay, mountain biking, shopping. That's

Speaker 1  1:01:43
big, if I have my choice of anything I can do. Yeah, I really wanted to go to that rally in Aurora, but I didn't know about it until the day prior, and it was sold out. So I was pissed. Oh, I was so mad. Yeah, so I wanted to do that, but just to be part of the energy, the moment, you know, it's the last, you know, election, and it's just so historic. So my last resort is to go january 20, to DC. I'm going, I'm going, wait if he wins, which he should. I'm going, but, but it's not this personal. That's one thing is he can't really be himself. He just asked, I don't even, oh, he does give a speech that I forgot, right? But it's still more tailored to the masses instead of his base, yep. But so anyway, that's one thing I really wanted to do. It so that. And what else do I like doing? Like, shoot, I want to go, oh, I want to go to a conference, I guess, for a body language of behavior. I love that stuff, reading people, stuff like that. What do you what

Matthias Miller  1:03:11
do you enjoy about or what are words that you would use, adjectives, descriptors that you would use about body language behavior, reading people,

Speaker 1  1:03:20
what do you mean? I don't know adjectives, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:03:26
or even what makes it interesting to you.

Speaker 1  1:03:30
People are interesting. I've always been a people watching. You know, you can read a lot about someone just by watching them. Yep. Understanding people. People are interesting to me, why they are the way they are.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:51
I don't know, figuring them out before they figure you out. So you know how to come at them, what, what may work and what may not work. I guess.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:11
I don't know. It sounds crazy, but like, what are adjectives

Matthias Miller  1:04:14
that you would use to describe people, just people in general, from your perspective,

Speaker 1  1:04:22
adjectives, like people in general, or Yeah, obviously,

Matthias Miller  1:04:25
it's a fascination of yours that people are, yeah, um, I mean,

Speaker 1  1:04:38
there are canvas of different things they've been through, I guess, yep.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:48
Is it fair to say that

Speaker 1  1:04:50
some are some are shy. They're held back because of different things that happens in their life, like their confidence is hindered because of different reasons. You can tell when someone is self conscious about something, yeah, and that bothers me, because I don't want them to be that way, and I want to figure out a way to change that. Because you can tell, like, there's this guy I work with, maybe I'm superficial, that stuff matters, like with confidence and stuff and like so he has his his teeth are so bad, like they are just so crooked and crazy and and he hardly smiles because of that. And that really bothers me, because I feel like that hinders his progression as a person, because he's because he can't really fully be in, immersed into the moment, because he's thinking about that, and I've talked to him about it before, and I told him, and he was looking into getting braces and, like, jaw surgery and all this stuff he has to go through, because his is complex and and I was like, trying to encourage him to do It, you know, like, I don't need to be superficial, but that stuff matters, and especially younger people. As you get older, I think, no big, they don't really care. But, you know, certain people, it's just, you can tell when it's affecting them, right, right? So I think that I just, I don't know why I'm going off into that, but I can't remember what your

Unknown Speaker  1:06:45
question was to some people,

Unknown Speaker  1:06:46
yeah. And also, you can see people who are very confident in their skin, comfortable in their skin.

Speaker 1  1:07:00
You can see the strengths in people, and that's fascinating to me, yeah, because you can see I love that, actually, I really love that. Actually, it's getting excited because, like, you can look at a room of people and you can see someone who's really, really, really good at speaking, is quick witted. Okay, I'm just thinking of my classroom. I was in April, but you know, and you see what you really like about certain people, and you want to be like that. And I think that's because you can learn what kind of strive to be. You can take from every each person, I guess, and so that, because it's something, you can see it in someone, and you can try to work towards that in some way, right? So I love that, yes. And then you can see things in people where you're like, Yeah, I don't want to be like that. Or, how can I help that person be less like that? So

Unknown Speaker  1:07:55
what are things? What are examples of that?

Unknown Speaker  1:08:00
Let's see.

Speaker 1  1:08:03
There's just one, this one guy that was in the classroom, and he was just so, mean, you can't change people. Maybe some people just the way they are, just whatever. But, um, he just has, like, this most monotone voice ever, and it's just like, and it's just like, you know, like, I'm just, it's so it's just certain things. But you can't like, like, it is what it is, sometimes just the way that they are, and what else is another one. Yeah, I guess sometimes, you know, I guess you can't really, I think maybe some things you I think if you see someone and and if you feel like they're struggling in a certain way, maybe you can point out what they what you do see good in them, and it kind of kind of build up their spirit. I like recognizing when people do something good, yeah, or something about them that's good because you can see them light up, yep. And I love that. I love energy. You can influence someone else's state of mind or none. I'm the best when I'm close to God, when I'm more when I'm further away from him, I'm more selfish, you know, I'm more more like, I don't know, less considerate. Or my eyes are not out for other people as much. Yeah, which is, I mean, kind of common sense, but

Unknown Speaker  1:09:40
I mean, yeah, it's a good observation. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:09:45
I care a lot more about people when I'm close to him, 100% because when you're not, you're I guess that's the biggest issue with our world. Everyone is not the people who aren't connected to him, you could, you can more or less tell, because they could care less about other people, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, for sure. So, but yeah, that's the Oh. I just remember it. I just remembered one of my favorites. My favorite. Okay, so one of my people I really look forward look up to, and I actually haven't been listening to him in a long time. No, I used to watch him every day, all the time. His name's Dan Muller, yes. Do you know him?

Speaker 2  1:10:28
I got to hear him once in lovely No, no, no, yeah, I did, yeah. I did love him.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:33
Yeah, yeah. When was that 2012 Wow. So

Unknown Speaker  1:10:38
what do you love about that? I

Speaker 1  1:10:39
love that guy, man, it's been a while since I listened to him. Um, I love how he has so many dynamics to his personality, yeah, like he can be funny, he can be serious, he can be sweet, you know. And it uses that. I mean, he obviously the Holy Spirit leads him, and it just depends on where he wants to go with it, because it depends on who's in the crowd and what is going to work for them. He doesn't know that, obviously, but God does. And so I love how he he he speaks from from his life. I mean, God told him that. He said, he said, he said, um, Dan, I don't want you ever to speak a sermon from what you read. I want you to speak a sermon from your life lived through, through me. Yep, and I love that. I love how he doesn't just read the Bible and talk about it like. He actually talks about the Bible in the midst of his life experience. And it hits so hard to people, because they relate to it. They feel it. It's real. It's something that he went through, that he personally experienced, and it it has so much weight, as far as affecting, as far as people buying in, I guess you could say the buy in is there because it's real. And I love his passion. I love his passion because he he talks about it because he knows it, because he believed. He believes it. He knows it, he lives it. And it's a reality in his life. It's not just something he talks about or what he read about and and I just It gets me fired up, yeah, yeah. I love Yeah, yeah. And it encourages you, because it say, hey, like I've done this. Like I do this. This is my life, and that's the only way for you to really see God move, is when you step out and do things that, or really to see what God purposes for you. I mean, obviously not everybody's purpose will be in the church, but through that, you grow, you grow, and God reveals things to you, not just in the church, but in your whole in your life. We're supposed to live it out. You know, Bibles for not, you know, just Sunday and Wednesday or whenever you go, you know it's supposed to be all the time. You're supposed to always be on the church. Is you? Yeah, that's the temple. God lives in you. So ever you go, that's where the church go,

Unknown Speaker  1:13:26
yep, because he lives

Speaker 1  1:13:27
in you. He said that. He said there's going to come a time when you're not what does he say when you're not going to be, you know, in the you're going to be worshiping in the church, but in spirit and truth? Yeah, and that's what it is. And I love that guy, man. He's like, my favorite, for real, he's, he is my favorite. He's a good dude. Yeah, I want to be like him. I look up to him like, I like, if I was gonna do anything, like in the Christian like, like in the church side, or whatever it would be something like that, like, I would love to do that. I just love how real He is, and he's, he speaks from his heart, you know, like, it's like, it's, um, personal to him. It's not just a job at all. He doesn't a lot of times he goes, he doesn't even he doesn't get paid. He pays his own way. Sometimes they pay for his room or whatever. But like a lot of it is just because he loves people, and he loves God, and He wants people to know what he knows and to live when he lives. And because he knows how powerful it is, and he knows how much impact it's gonna have in in their, you know, sphere of influence. And it's like a multiplier, and he wants to multiply himself. Well, God through Him. Obviously, he's like a blueprint in a way of how life should be lived. Obviously, the Bible does that, but he's a personal physical reference that people can tangible,

Unknown Speaker  1:15:07
a living gospel. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:15:10
exactly, yeah. So yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:15:18
Anything else bubbling to the top people, activities, other solutions.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:27
I I really want to, okay, so, like, I really want to do a ride along with a police officer.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:37
Okay, describe what you envision a ride along to be like, Oh man,

Speaker 1  1:15:40
I don't know just the experiences of like, what you just never know what to expect. I kind of, actually, I kind of wanted to do that. I wanted to be a detective. Really

Matthias Miller  1:15:52
interesting. And let's go

Speaker 1  1:15:55
ahead, I like details, and I like investigating things. I like looking into things, figuring out things, and

Speaker 2  1:16:03
you like proving things, yeah, yeah, right, because that's part of the detective Exactly. Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:16:09
I like justice. Yep, I like getting the bad guy.

Matthias Miller  1:16:18
So tell me more about that right along. Is it just not knowing what to expect. Um,

Speaker 1  1:16:21
I just, I don't know, I guess I, I just thought it'd be right now. I don't really care as much as I used to, but I, I really wanted to, just to get that experience, to see what it was like to be a police officer.

Matthias Miller  1:16:39
Um, have you had that with other things like I want to do right along, because I want to know what that's like. I want to go do, man, if I could be a sous chef for a day, oh,

Speaker 1  1:16:51
yeah, like, really? Oh, totally, yeah, I would do all those things like experience a lot. I'm fascinated by, by, by learning. I like to learn new things, for sure. But everything costs money, besides rival industry. You just gotta drive there, yeah. So that's the thing is, like, I mean, I love being a student. Like, I really love learning. Like, I could be in the classroom every day, all the time. Like, the classroom environment we have different like you, like you have your own thoughts, but then you hear other people's thoughts, and then you can, you know, what is the rebuttal in it, or whatever,

Matthias Miller  1:17:28
okay, but, oh, because this is not you say classroom environment. There's two types of classroom environments. There's the you're gonna sit down and I'm gonna tell you everything there is to know, and then you're gonna take a test and fill it out, and you're done. See, there's a distinction negative.

Speaker 1  1:17:42
No, I want to have conversations. I want to speak my mind. I want to tell you what I think, and I want to hear what everybody else has to think. Because when when they present something or ask a question, I'm always like, I want to answer it, yeah, yeah. So I'm automatically thinking of what I think about that. I don't just sit back and wait for someone else to answer, yeah, because I want I think my I feel like my answer would probably be good, depending on what it is, in some way, yeah, I feel like I have strong opinions, and I think I'm kind of smart in some ways. So my mom breastfeed me for years.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:28
Yeah, but my mom,

Speaker 1  1:18:30
my mom and my dad both had like mental problems, so it was kind of interesting. Like, well, you know, I didn't know my dad, but that's way off topic, but, but relevant somehow. Yeah, yeah. I always wanted, I wanted to know him, because I wanted to see if there's anything about him that I was my dad was really smart, like he had his own business and stuff like that. But he was kind of, this is way off topic, sorry. But he was, um, very two different people. Like, if Jack one had kind of, like, he'd be like, your best friend one minute, and then like, the, you know, a few minutes later, he's like, like a tyrant kind of, and, and he was like that with every relationship, pretty much. Yeah. I mean, I don't think I'm like that, but, yeah, yeah, no, I don't know how like that, not like that at all, but yeah, anyway, what were you saying?

Unknown Speaker  1:19:30
Anything else building up?

Speaker 1  1:19:34
Oh, good, yeah. Oh classroom. Yeah, yeah. I want to be I want to I love the classroom environment, because I get to speak my mind, and no one can tell me now, yeah, because you get to think, like, especially on topics that I like, you know that, like, like, psychology, I love that class. I loved my nutrition class. I loved that too. When I was younger, my mom used to, she was at EMT. She used to be a firefighter, and she was going to studying and stuff, and she always medical books. And I loved them. I was like, Oh, it's so cool.

Matthias Miller  1:20:15
What was, what was interesting about medical

Speaker 1  1:20:17
books? Um, just fascinating about learning about the body and the blood and the insides, you know, all the things you can't see, stuff like that. I just think it's, I thought it was really, really interesting the body, the mind, just learning about how everything works and how to fix things was cool. I like seeing, like the photos of injuries and stuff like that. I thought that was really fascinating to see, because I don't know why, but to see the the inside, I guess. I don't know it was weird. I just thought it was kind of cool. Oh, yeah, another thing that I'm kind of weird about. I haven't watched it in a long time, because you can't, I don't there's a period of time where they have, like, this website is called, I can't remember what it's called, but it's like a, it's like a really sick website that where you can, like, see people dying. And I just thought that was really fascinating, because you don't see that stuff, yeah. And I was just like, Oh, wow. Because, you know, when you see a video, they always block it out, right? You know, you can't see the body, you can't see what it looks like. And I think I'm fascinated by that, and that sounds really morbid, but, but I am like, I think it's crazy to see somebody that was alive and now they're gone and and what it looks like the aftermath, which is terrible, and I don't think I could take it very long, obviously, but, but it's just something that was fascinating, because it's not something that you normally see, right? Yeah. And I'm a Curious George, a very curious person. So, yeah, I don't want to see people die. I don't want people to die at all. That's not what I'm saying. No, yeah, just, you know, if it happened, it happened, and nothing I can do about it, but, but it's interesting, I guess. But I watched, I watched that, that website, for a little bit, and it just got so, like, it makes you sick, you know, you just, like, cough, because it just becomes, it's a toxic really, because it makes you think about it all the time, and then you think, well, maybe I'm gonna die, and it's just not healthy, right? So obviously, I stopped

Unknown Speaker  1:22:33
watching that makes

Unknown Speaker  1:22:34
sense from like, a day. Well, like, Yeah, I'm

Matthias Miller  1:22:37
good. I'm glad you're not on a lifetime diet of that. Yeah, you'd be a little concerned. No, you're still curious. No,

Speaker 1  1:22:44
I'm not gonna hurt you. No, no, that was really random. Good. It's true, though. It's fascinating. I mean, I don't want anyone to get hurt, and it makes me really sick to see someone get hurt, honestly, but, but if it's something that I I wouldn't want to see the action, but maybe the aftermath, right? Because then I feel I don't want to see someone get smashed, right? That bothers me, but, but the afterside, I'm like, okay, yeah, anyway, it's interesting. Sorry. I feel like a crazy person, though there's more. There's some other people that think about that stuff too. They just don't say it, yeah, right,

Matthias Miller  1:23:29
exactly, yeah, yeah. Well, there's, there's a lot of people who, I mean, what is a crazy person? What makes a crazy weird person? That's a big question.

Speaker 1  1:23:40
Yeah, I guess somebody takes action or invest time into thinking more elaborate to that, but yeah, not me. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:59
Anything else?

Speaker 1  1:24:10
I really like plants. I like plants. I like to watch them grow. I have, like those lights I put on my plants, like the water, take care of them. I just think it's fascinating to you know, like, I don't have any plants that bloom, but I like that. They have benefits too, you know, like they can clean the air. And some of them have us, you know, this, like, Jasmine smells amazing, and lilies and I really like flowers, like I love, what's it called? I can't think right now my brain. It's overload. It's overload. What's it one? It's like a big bush, I guess, bushy flowers the bush, and it has like, purple flowers

Speaker 2  1:25:26
on it, like in like little

Speaker 1  1:25:29
those are the pompom ones. There's the round ones, and then there's the one that looks

Unknown Speaker  1:25:33
kind of like,

Speaker 1  1:25:36
like, anyway, I love a lilacs. Thank you, fair enough? Yeah, I love lilacs. Smells so good. I would love to have an English garden because it's so whimsical. You know, it's very random, but, yeah, I really like English garden because it has, like, all different types of flowers and different heights, and it's just very fairy, like, I guess, yeah. Anyway, I love plants. I like taking care of them.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:17
Anything else, it's not bad for not being able to think about, think about, think

Speaker 1  1:26:23
of anything, everything keeps coming up on different things. But I think it's fascinating. If I could do this, I would totally would do it, like a day in the life of, like, everybody's job, like different jobs. Like, I thought about doing that my son, actually, yeah, you know, like, Hey, let's go visit the firefighters and go see what they do. You know, not that I say I wanted to do that stuff. I'm just saying, hey, that's cool to learn, you know, in the physical instead of just watching it on the phone, you know, like, Hey, let's go see, let's go see the firefighters do for the day, and then let's go see what. You know, let's go do a ride along with the cop. Feeling just, or whatever, like I actually wanted to go. I did this, um, it was, like, I don't remember how long it was, like, a couple weeks or something. It was a with the sheriff's department. It was a class for citizen, a citizens thing, yeah, and I was in it, but I didn't have a job at the time, and my husband didn't want to give me money for gas, so I never, I only went, like, once or twice, yeah, and then I never went back, and I was so mad.

Speaker 2  1:27:21
That's where you, like, go to different Yeah. So,

Speaker 1  1:27:25
like, you have, like, a they have a classroom, and then you go in, and this is good. And so they go in the classroom and they talk about, they have different speakers come in and they talk about different things, and then they do a tour, and you get to go to the jail and see the jail. I want to totally do that. See the jail, see how that, how that is. Then they go to, I think they go there somewhere else too, but you could see the police vehicles and stuff like that. And then I wanted, I really want to go so crazy. Well, actually, I have seen dead body, but the morgue to see, like a real dead body, I never have like to, oh, that's another thing that fascinates me. Is Medical Examiner,

Unknown Speaker  1:28:15
huh? And what is that? What's fascinating

Speaker 1  1:28:18
to see in the inside of someone, I think that's cool, not because they're dead, but the only thing I don't like is kids like that would really makes a lot of abuse. You know? That really bothers me. It makes me I get really mad about people who do stuff like that. Yeah, you know that, um, think they have the right to abuse a kid like that really makes me mad, like I want to strangle someone like that. So, but anyway, so I, um, I just think, I just always thought that was fascinating, like that, that job. But the bad thing about that is you have to deal with stuff like the kids, and then decomposing bodies is just like the worst smell ever, besides burning body. But, so that's one thing I'm just like, I don't know. And then, plus, you have to go to all that school and stuff like that, but, but, yeah, I was always really fascinated with things like that when I was in high school, I we had this assignment I had to do, and I chose to the assignment was a was that called spontaneous combustion?

Speaker 2  1:29:35
Yeah? I had a friend of mine who did yeah. Friends did a report in high school. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:29:40
I did whatever you want to do it on and that's what I was curious about. And I did a report, or proton or whatever, and I went to the the local morgue, or, you know, funeral home, and I asked them questions and stuff like that. But I wasn't able to see any bodies, but they showed me around a little bit or something. But, yeah, stuff like that is just all these, you know, interesting things, and then also fascinates me, not fascinates me, but concerns me. Is a lot of the like, what do they call that stuff when it's when they talk about it being like a

Unknown Speaker  1:30:30
can't think right now,

Speaker 1  1:30:34
conspiracy, something like that. Like about the this is so kind of off topic, but it's amazing. Okay, okay, okay. Guys, don't want to waste your time or anything. But people, you know, talking about the blood stuff, you know, taking blood from kids and drinking and stuff like that. I can't think of what that was called, but you know, they like scare the kid to like, almost death, and then they take blood, and they like, and it gives them youth, like, stuff like that is horrible. And, like, some, I don't know, just stuff like that. I was, I had a period of time where I was kind of into that. I think it was during covid, when I was really not busy. It wasn't working. But, um, but, I mean, I think, I think there's a lot of stuff that happens in the world and in our country that people don't have any clue about, that's really evil, a lot of evil stuff, yeah, and it makes me mad, you know, and, and just recently, I mean, I think people are starting to get in trouble for things, you know, like Diddy and stuff like that. I'm so happy that he's in jail, because I know, I think that people do change, and people do have ability to be redeemed, but they need to be take account. They need to be held accountable for their actions. Yeah, and I don't like when people think they're above the law, like, you know, like in a way, when they're hurting people. You know what I mean, like financial is, you know, one thing, but when it's when you're hurting someone else taking it, you know, like, that's when I feel like you really need to be held accountable, for sure. Yeah, and so, um, anyway, I'm just really glad you know that some of the things are starting to come too late. It's just like the, you know, the surface, but I just think there's a lot of stuff that happens, and there's a lot of good too, and our country and in the world, but I think there's a lot of stuff that happens that gets protected for different reasons, blackmailing and different things like that. So anyway, yeah, like I said, I'm a curious person. Yeah, to know things so

Unknown Speaker  1:32:55
good. So you

Speaker 1  1:32:56
saw the great you saw the good stuff and you saw the dark stuff. You're like, Whoa. You're like, a ying and a yang. Don't worry about this one.

Matthias Miller  1:33:09
All right, so here's, here's my proposal. Let's do, let's take a short break. Yeah, I'm gonna reflect a bunch of stuff back to you. would you just told me, okay, that you didn't know you were telling me,

Speaker 1  1:33:25
oh, cool. Nice. So good. Yeah. It's Ray time, big time.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai