Speaker 1  01:11
Are we ready? It looks like everybody here in the room heard when to come back, and because of that, because you did, wrap it up in time and took down that lunch real fast and get right back in your seats. You got a little treat nobody knew about not on the schedule, and so you guys get it. The early bird gets a worm, right. Al, come on up. Al's going to talk to you for a few minutes here, and then we'll start the program.

Speaker 2  01:39
Thank you very much. I am al Fritz, and I'm from Denver. I'm from Colorado here, and unfortunately, like many states in our country, we have been, we've become a carbon copy of Washington, DC. These lights are immense strong, so we're just like the cabal of the DC government, not only with through our states, but our public schools. But I and 1000s of others have found tacticalcivics.com which is a Christian conservative member organization of we the people to restore our republic. How you ask, by bringing together one half of 1% of every county in the country, there are 3100 plus counties, and we are in 1600 of them, half of the counties already. Our membership last year was about 800 our membership just this month turned 8000 and that's national. We now say enough is enough. We're not going to allow our elected servants to rule over us anymore, but that now we will oversee them using our ancient public institutions of the people's panel, which I have a book out there that everybody needs to read called the People's panel, and the grand jury to hold them accountable for their actions. The grand jury was utilized by our founding fathers against the Crown, so we are looking to enact that same group, organization, along with a militia to support that if the county sheriffs are not willing to do that, our second or our First right is our project to get 27 more legislators to vote yes to the original Arctic of the Bill of Rights. Most people don't know there was originally 12 articles to the Bill of Rights, the very first being a House District less than 50,001 person representing less than 50,000 people. Today, some of our elected officials represent over 1 million people, and this will allow our 31,000 small towns to have finally have a voice of their own, that will mean 6800 men and women in Congress. Obviously, the capital will will not hold that, but covid proved that we can be governed from with our governed LED. Legislators from within our state in small terror. It's in small territories. Excuse me, my I feel my light, my voice carries so well that I don't need this, but utilizing these principles and the collected effort of those men and women around the country committed to exercising our duty and authority to enforce the Bill of Rights and the Constitution of this United States, we will restore the Liberty and freedoms given to us by God, fought for by our Founding Fathers and secured through those two great documents, please get out your pens and papers and write this down, tactical civics.com/video watch the 12 minute video that clearly states who we are, What we're about, and how we will change the future for the better. Thank you very much. Tactical civics.com/video, there's a 12 minute video says who we are and what we're all about. Thank you. All right,

Speaker 1  06:20
thank you. Thank you. All right. Next up is Joe Altman. Now, Joe is the founder of FEC united, and he's a Colorado businessman. He owns a business with a firearms retailer as well as automotive repair and a data firm. So he has a diverse background in business. He's also a podcaster, as far as conservative daily, where he shows his views on social media. Come on up, Joe, the time is yours. It's all good.

Speaker 2  07:00
So normally, when I come here, I watch comedians. So So I have a joke for you. Joe Biden,

Speaker 2  07:15
I told you I had a joke for you. I didn't tell you. It'd be what is kind of funny. It's sad though. It really is sad. You know, what's that? Yeah, it is elder abuse. Unfortunately, he did a lot of damage over 40 years. So this thing called karma, they it just caught up to me. Why am I here today? Paymon asked me. He says, Hey, Joe, do you have slides? And I was like, No, you have a speech? No. Last night I was in Grand Junction, and we did a showing of let my people go. And I've been doing the zigzag across the country with Mike Lindell. And because I want to really make Frank speech, something special. And we've grown by almost 250% since I took over operations in February, and since I took over the cost structure for him, we're it's we've reduced cost by like 80% because everyone seems to take advantage of Mike Lindell, and I'm and I'm not happy about that, but what it made me realize as I started walking through this over the last four years is that we all feel like we're a little invisible. We feel like we're there's nothing we can do. And so last night, I talked about what we can do. I'm like, where are we right now? Like, where are we? Biblically, if you had to put it inside of a timeline, you were looking at all of the things that God told you that the warning signs, where are we? And so then I tried to, I try to break it down to the last 100 years, and I think that we're, you know, it's been a very this has been a difficult week for me, because I'm flying everywhere, doing all these things. But there's a, there's a subtle realization that they're going to steal the election in November. And I was talking to Mark about it, and I said to mark. I said, Mark and Garrett, who you hear from later? I said, No, 100% they're going to steal the election. They don't have a choice, because we are. So it's like somebody just lifted the veil. It feels like the Wizard of Oz. Yeah, we we got there, and there's this big, just ominous figure. And then somebody hears a voice and walks over and lifts back the curtain. And it's just this Ben Shapiro looking guy, this. Yeah, and we're like, we're afraid of that. So we know that they're going to have to steal the election. We know that they're desperate. We can see the desperation when Joe Biden got on stage. We know, we know that what we've been talking about for four years has been true, that they haven't told us the truth about anything, not about covid or the origins, not about the vaccine, not about the treatments for covid, and they told us it was horse paced and the and the media got out there and has done an immense amount of damage to us. They are our enemy,

Speaker 2  10:48
and you're all conspiracy theory theorists and your misinformation and disinformation, and they are still repeating it, even though they know that no one is listening to them. They're not listening everyone I talk to, left, right, I spend time, by the way, I don't enjoy always going into a place where everyone agrees with me. I want to go into the place where they want to eat me like a sandwich. You want to know why? Because I have an opportunity, and I grew up very hard. I never saw a fight I didn't like I had to teach myself to be a good father. Unfortunately, my parents were kids having kids. I did grow up in the hood. I did grow up very poor. I've been blessed immensely. Can't figure out why I feel guilty for it, actually. And I have an interracial family. My dad's black, my mom's white, my whole family's interracial. I've converted every one of them to not being a Democrat.

Speaker 2  11:54
I broke I broke it. Yeah, and I laugh because I say that I'm from bad stock because I'm I grew up very poor, but my dad taught me something when I was young, and he said, Look, what's right is rarely popular, and what's popular is rarely right. Always take the hard road. And so I've lived my life by that. And so we're here, and we were having these conversations, and I'm traveling all over the place and I'm doing this stuff, and I was like, man, what difference Am I really making? Because they they use the media and they use these lies to convince us that we're losing but we're not just like they haven't told us the truth about everything, the millions of illegals that are here that we're now paying for, that we're walking over our veterans and people in the poorest communities. And I'm going to get to how this all ties into what paimon is actually talking about. But I want you to understand, when you work the problem, you have to understand the foundation of that problem. And we have to look at, okay, am I willing to take risks? So now let me get to where we are in history. We are on the beaches of Normandy right now. There's no difference than those 18 to 25 year olds that ran towards the beach under the illusion of freedom. It wasn't even freedom that they were fighting for. It was the illusion of freedom, the words democracy, were not used when they ran onto the beaches. Those have been instilled and abused and changed in front of us over the last 30 years. They were first introduced when they went into Korea, and then after that, when they went into Vietnam, when we lost almost 59,000 Americans, and most of you, I'm like, by the way, I'm a walking encyclopedia of worthless information. I am I should play Jeopardy. I should play Jeopardy. I Yeah, but I say that we're on the beaches of Normandy because those men knew that they'd never be fathers. They'd never see their grandkids. They had a 50% chance of dying, and the 50% only became the 50% after the Ninth Wave of soldiers running towards the beach a night. So what were the chances for the first wave that volunteered to go on the beach first? What were the chances for the second wave? How about the third wave and the fourth wave? And why were they willing to give up so much for you? And when you put it in that perspective, it changes everything. It changes your responsibility, it changes your obligation. It makes you look at all the gifts and blessings that you have. It, and it makes you look at it from a different lens. What did they give you, and why did you deserve it? And so when I say that we're on the beaches of Normandy, I look at it and go, Man, I've had such an amazing life. My life has been I'm like the Forrest Gump of business. I have no idea how it happened. I just look up and I'm like, I know how to fix that. And they're like, really? And I'm like, Jen, a they can't take my joy, by the way. They can take my life. They can take a lot of things. They can't take my joy, and they can't take my salvation. And that's what those men operated on. Was unbelievable faith that it didn't matter what happened to them, the greater good would always be served. And yet they watched men fall. And what have we seen happen of late? Peter Navarro goes to jail. Steve Bannon goes to jail. President Trump is charged in unprecedented cases with novel arguments on how he broke the law, ridiculous arguments, unlawful arguments. We watch as people inside of our communities are ostracized. White people are now racist. You're not allowed to have conversations with your black and brown and green and yellow and purple friends. We're taught to look at each other differently, to be divided. And yet, people are falling all around us. People are falling for it. We find out that the person that ran the feminist movement, dating all the way back to the 50s and 60s, were CIA agents.

Unknown Speaker  16:51
That's true, that Planned Parenthood was put in effect by Margaret Sanger, who wanted to kill minorities. I had a family member that was hung in the 60s by a tree in Middleburg, Virginia. I know what racism looks like, yet all of the things that they're shooting at us.

Speaker 2  17:23
They're not bullets, yet, what they are is that there are things designed to take down our brothers and sisters around us. They're distractions. They're designed to take out leaders. But yet, I hear people talking about the fact of, well, what can I do? I'm just one person. I feel kind of invisible. We can't even get along, like, even if we agree. People are just more Christian or they're more conservative. Well, they have, you know, I finally have a voice, and I'm going to take it and, oh, don't go talk to Sally, because, you know, Sally, she's just got a strong personality. She's two. I get along with everybody. Where's Linda? Where's Linda? Linda left. She's a strong personality. People call me. It's like, Linda. And I'm like, I love Linda. How can you love Linda? I'm like, because she's fighting, yeah, but she doesn't do it the way I want to do it. And I'm thinking to myself, she's doing it. I don't care how the ditch gets dug. Dig it. And you'd say, oh my gosh, I can't believe you get along with him. There are people that I don't get along with. The Treasure Hunter. Some of you guys know who I'm talking about. There are people that I can't stand, but those are frauds. Those are people that are designed out there to actually keep us divided. The beaches of Normandy are the people falling. I will fall. I'm in the first wave. I'm okay with that. I've made peace with that. Mike Lindell is under an immense amount of attacks. He will probably fall. Some of the other speakers are going to talk to I pray they don't fall. I pray for them, but they may fall too. I'm in the first wave. Chances of me not getting taken out are slim to none. Slim left town and none died, and yet I'm okay with it. And you would say, Wow, that's terrible. That's a manifestation. No, it's not. It's a realization that I chose to go first, and it should be okay. I'm not asking for pity. I'm not asking for anything. I'm just asking you to do something, to be in the second or the third or the fourth or the fifth or the Sixth Wave, to be willing to sacrifice something so much great. Than yourself.

Unknown Speaker  20:11
I have two kids who have never been i They've never gone without. I did my job. I wasn't their friend, I was their father. And in a lot of ways, I'm not your friend, I'm your brother. There's a difference. So it gets down to if I have to make a sacrifice, what is my sacrifice? What is the what is the level by which I'm willing to sacrifice?

Speaker 2  20:59
Well, if you want to, if you want to starve off something that's bad, you take away the thing that feeds it okay, and it could cost you money. It could cost you your life. It could cost you going to jail. This is the best part. Whenever go talk to someone, and I'm like, Gideon, 300 get in the gap, go up there, they're like, Johnny's got soccer practice at five. If I go to jail, I got to go jail between three and five. Think I get that handled. You know, the judge is going to have to see me first.

Speaker 2  21:40
No contingency plan, and I'm I'm here to tell you, you might go to jail, you might lose your life, you might lose your reputation. I used to have a flawless reputation. Now I google myself, and I'm like, That is a good story. It's not true, but I like it. And Garrett all the way up. He's like, they wrote this article about you Joe. And I was like, because they talked, he didn't even, couldn't even call me. Do you know this guy? Eric? And I was like, my I was like, That's Antifa kid, but I don't care, because reputation, which we're so we're we're so ingrained that that's important. Reputation, reputation, reputation, reputation. Well, people that know me know who I am. They know me. And the people that don't like my son's girlfriend who stayed away from me for like, nine months, I kid you not. She was like, I was like, Where are you going? She's like, not near you. And then one day, I had a conversation with her, and she and my son has always told her, she's like, my dad is awesome, which I paid him a lot of money to say that. So it went really well, but we sat down and we talked over a glass of wine, and that's all it took. And I wanted to hear her. She, she is, went to University of Denver, so she and my son did too. So they, they have this proclivity to not maybe do things past the Tick Tock video, but they're both very, very smart. In other words, they don't scratch the surface, they don't dig into things that they find. They don't want to know the answer, so I just started giving them the answers, and I'm like, It's okay though I'm going to love you where you are, not where I want you to be. But reputation is the thing that led her. She loves my son. My son loves her. Led her to the place where she was afraid to have a conversation. Once she did, guess what happened? It changed. So you have to be willing to withstand the punches. President Trump withstands the punches. He's also in the first wave. By the way, he was the first person to run towards the beaches of Normandy, right? And

Unknown Speaker  24:00
how many times he'd been shot, he's been hit More times than Joe Lewis. So then it gets to the how do we fix it,

Speaker 2  24:14
like how do how do we fix it, and who is ready to be on the second wave, and who's ready to be an ambassador for truth and recruit others to be on the second wave. See, this isn't just about, you know, how do we? How do we just stick it to the man? Bible's very clear. Give up to Caesar. What is Caesar's but right now, you pay 56 cents on every dollar to the government. 56 you are less than a half of a person. The reason why both parents have to work is because they've taken too much meat off the bone. Education is degraded to almost a place where it's laughable, mostly in Democrat controlled environments, because they want to do as much as harm as they can to black people. I'm just going to call it what it is. Our problem is the rotted apparatus of the judiciary. Area, also funded by your dollars. We have a rot institutionally everywhere, and you are an institutional slave. And as you look to your left your eye like, well, I have freedom. And the comedian laughed and said, Hey, you have more freedom. You can do whatever you want. I can be a lady next month, and I'm thinking to myself, that's not freedom, that's retardation.

Speaker 2  25:32
10 good. I'm right on time. Then. So what do we do? How do we work this problem? How do we stop giving up to Caesar? What's not doesn't belong to Caesar? How do we put more money into the mouths of our children? How do we have better education? Because right now, we don't have it, nothing. We don't have anything. As Americans, they walk past us every time they get a chance, because it's like Stockholm Syndrome. We've already we're in love with something that does not love us back. And it's not our country that doesn't love us back, it's the elitism that we have inside of our country that does not love us back. They have already called us stupid, they've already called us apathetic. They've called us lazy. They said. But they believe anything we tell them, and they're not, and now they're frustrated because they're not believing it. Four years ago, I played football with gang members and guys that are a little rough, and I fly football. I still throw a football 60 yards on a string, not bragging. I just can't. If you got a football, I'd love to throw with you, right? But, but I played when I started in this battle that I didn't want to be in, because even, like, business everything else, I just seemed to be like, something stuck to my foot, and I end up in the middle of something I don't want to be a part of, right? These guys were like, Joe, there's a Trumpster coming. Trump Trump, and I played with him for the last 12 years, and they loved me because I love them. I was my brother's keeper. I would show up if they got arrested. I'd be right there if I thought it was wrong. I was there. I was helping them through. I was I've always been that guy. Four years later, I show up. They surround me. They love on me.

Unknown Speaker  27:27
They wear Trump 2024 shirts, right? But they didn't start out that way. They literally say, Joe, you can leave your gun in the car because we

Speaker 2  27:42
got you. I I'm like, All right, this is weird. I hope you guys are all on my side, and don't let it fall out of your waistband when you're running for the end zone. I need you to catch the ball. But so there's a tide that's shifting, and we're realizing that it's okay. We're good people, we're Americans, and they're not on our side. It is a them versus us. So the only way to cut off the head of the snake is to not provide any part of the snake to them. You pay up the Caesar. What is Caesar's there are taxes you will pay, property tax, you'll probably pay property tax. You'll probably there's taxes you have to pay. The more research I do, the less I'm inclined to believe that you have to pay income tax. So I called up my accountant, and I was like, hey, so this crazy guy, Hey, Mom. Like, I keep reading all this stuff and it seems legit. And he goes, it's legit, but you give up. You give things up in order to get if you want to not have to pay those taxes, you have to give up certain things. And I'm like, like, what Social Security is not going to be there anyway. And then I started calling people and meeting people and going through the process of, okay, what is legal, what isn't? And then it occurred to me that I'm a tax collector for the government in my company, and I'm like, This is crazy. They've actually turned me into their tax bib. I didn't realize it. I also didn't realize that the government really just thinks that we're an inconvenience that they have to have so they can build money off of us, and if they use it for foreign wars that we don't support, and put our soldiers in harm's way and do things to adversely affect us as Americans. And then tell us, take it on the chin. You take exactly what we give you. And so When peiman said to me, he's like, Hey, listen, you need paying taxes. Like, Well, mine's more complicated, but I'm going to start socializing it to everyone that I know. And there is power in numbers, okay? Which, weirdly enough, the name of my original tech company was pin biz. Business Network, power in numbers, Business Network, and that crazy. It's like prophetic that God just does weird stuff, right? Don't even understand it. And so I looked at it, I go, Okay, how do we work this problem? What can we do individually to make it so difficult for him? And by the way, this is a movement that's happening across the country. That's why they hired 87,000 new IRS officers. But there's a there's a thing that we have to adopt. What they do to one of us. They do to all of us. If you want to starve off the snake, you starve it at the source of the snake, but you also make sure that you're well educated, because the traps are all there. All the traps are there. They want to install you. They want to take from you. They want to do everything they can to strip you of everything. That's why you have a death tax, right? Only the Rothschilds and the bigger people get away with all the money and never have to transfer anything. It just they get away with everything. These people have been around for a century, and they own 70% of the land mass in this country. Look it up top, 20 families own 70% of the land in the United States.

Unknown Speaker  31:20
70 how you like that? You're like, Man, I'm just glad I got my 10 acres.

Speaker 2  31:30
So there is a plan for them to steal the election. There is a plan for them to destroy this country. What they're doing is being done on purpose. And there's a four things that I tell you you have to do. Anybody want to tell me what the four things are? Yeah, pray first. If you're an atheist or if you're agnostic, I would tell you to hedge your bets. I

Speaker 2  32:05
My friend is an atheist. He goes hedge my pets. And I was like, yeah, just pray. You're not praying to anybody, anywhere, and you have a lot of time on your hands. Just pray God might surprise you, and just show up. I've never had a burning bush, but I'd sure like to have one. You might actually get one, but if you don't, it's going to get really hot. He's like, good point. Can you send me a few prayers? I'm like, absolutely. So you have to pray first. It's Biblical, right? It's Biblical if you pray before you do anything, your conscience will affect what you do next. You have to stand up. So everybody stand up, please.

Speaker 2  32:57
When you shake someone's hand and you're a man, you should never do it sitting on your butt. Ever. You should always stand and show respect for the person that you're shaking your hand of if you're a man, ladies are a little different. You get away with stuff. You've been putting duct tape and bubble gum on this country for the last little bit to hold it together. Men, if we didn't have them, we'd have no chances of saving this country because we were going to work, because we thought that was our job, is to make money, right? So they get to sit down when they greet people, but when we when we actually do the next thing, which is speak, we must always be on our feet. We must always stand, because it's a symbol. It's a symbol of what you're going to do next when you speak truth to someone when you speak. And by the way, there's a Bible verse on these coins that we have out there that I keep telling them, carry it around your pocket right when you when you stand up and you speak, you have authority, but you someone will just mess with the older woman in the restaurant. And here's what you do, and here's what men do, specifically. They're like, what a little jerk. No, he's the jerk. Go talk to him right to his face. Hey. No, you don't get to talk to her that way. But we're afraid of confrontation. We don't want it. We just came in here for a latte, right? Evil stands because good men do nothing, and men have become apathetic. And everybody says, Joe, you're just harsh. You're intense. I am not intense. I will give you everything. I will give you the shirt off my back, the money in my pocket, and the shoes off my feet. Without question. You walk up and ask me for it, I'll give it to you, but if you take it from me, God help you, because he's the only one that can men, you must start to speak. You must we were not meant to be led. We were meant to. Lead, to submit when we have to submit, and to lead when we must lead. And so after you get done speaking, you have to act. We must act. James 226 says faith without works is dead. It doesn't say faith without works is dead, except, or maybe it doesn't have exceptions. And nobody told you, I'm gonna tell you something. You guys are not gonna like this. None of you

Unknown Speaker  35:30
are gonna make it out of this life alive,

Speaker 2  35:36
right? So you have an obligation to each other. Look to your left, look to your right. Do you know the person is to your left and to your right? Go ahead and shake their hand. I got two minutes. I'll shake your hand. How you doing good to see you.

Speaker 2  35:59
This. This is your tribe. This is your fraternity. When you leave here, you should have a bunch of new contacts. The Revolutionary War was fought in the pub. First it was fought socializing the idea of a lack of freedom and oppression, we must act. It's Biblical, and when you speak, you speak truth, it's also biblical. Galatians 4:16am I the enemy because I tell you the truth. And when we talk about standing, John first, John 316 The Forgotten John 316 that God gave His life. Jesus gave his life. So you are required. You are obligated to be willing to give up your life for your brothers and sisters. And we talk about prayer. It's Ephesians 610 you must be willing to return to God or he can't return to you. He can't do for you if you don't allow him. And when you're done acting so that you don't become the very thing that you're fighting against, return back to prayer, right? So you're going to hear some more stuff. You're going to hear from Garrett too. Where's ya? Is he back there? Yeah, this guy is Marco Polo. He's awesome. They'll introduce him. I am calling on you to do everything you can unselfishly deserve a generation you may never meet, and that's what this is about. Can you commit to that? Alright? God bless you all. You can sit down.

Speaker 1  37:43
Great job. You like that full circle, start with prayer and then what. Right. But start with prayer, first, and then what, stand up, and then what, and then what, and then what? Go back to prayer. You know why so often we pray and we ask for something? How often do we pray and say thank you? So you certainly gotta go back and say thanks, right? But let's put our hands together for our next speaker, our host, Payman matehead,

Speaker 3  38:22
thank you, K Ross. I'll bring K Ross back up later on to read a little bit for you guys, because he is awesome, and I need a little help. So okay, we're gonna, we're gonna put this stuff. You guys all heard your commitment to freedom into action, right? You know the philosophy, you know the mindset, you know the attitude, right? I'm going to give you more practical, useful admonition. Let's go next charts of what to do about all this. So when you sign the IRS Form, 1040, income tax confession trap form, you put the root put the noose around your neck. How you think PayPal? What are you saying? That's a safe thing to do? No, you stayed under oath that you owe the IRS money. That's right. You owe us nothing unto you under oath, say that this way, you give the IRS the power to audit you and then empty your bank account, steal your property and put you in prison, all done by you because it deceived you to do the very thing that gives them power that hangs you. Next slide, I'm going to show it to you now. In actual pictures, there is that 1040 income tax confession trap form on that on Sam unsigned here, did your account and CPA Tax Attorney. That's so smart. How about tax law ever tell you what you're signing. They tell you what this small print tells you, like a used car salesman contract. They tell you what under penalty of perjury that you're signing. What does that mean? No one ever did, did they? Hmm, well, it means, throw me in prison. If everything on this form is not true, correct, and complete a form that you did not fill out all you had some accountant, CPA or tax attorney or Turbo Tax, or a term block do it for you right, and then you hoping and praying they did it right. Abba's IRIS will get you. You ever realized that, did you not them that fill out the form they'll get you? Isn't that funny. And then look at a mount you owe line 370, it's hidden in there. We're on the lines. What do you say under oath, under penalty of perjury, this the amount you owe the IRS. You claim that you owe the IRS under penalties of perjury. You did it yourself. You know how significant matters, I'll tell you how it bands. You have a right to trial. If anybody wants money for me in America, the government or your neighbor, or who anybody, they have to sue you in court, bring evidence, bring witnesses to prove their claim, and then get a judgment, and then can take your property. But when you under oath, tell the other guy, I owe you $100,000 I swear to it you the witness, and that statement is a document under oath, swear that you you told the other side you owe the money so they don't need a trial anymore. Trials to discover facts what happened, but you already admit you owe the IRS money on the oath. That's how the IRS can go and just take your bank account and paycheck. That's what it's images. Out in your head. I know thinking IRIS will just come take my stuff. This stuff sounds great, but if what I do, what Paymon says they're going to just empty my bank account, that mentality becomes all your life, you were duped to doing the very thing that gives the power to do that to you, if you don't sign a confession from you, told them nothing now they have to take you to court. Witnesses, trial, karma, recipe, a lawyer, a judge, a clerk, all the expenses to come out you for money. That's right. You have a right to a trial. You don't give it up. When you give it up, you hang yourself when you do that form next page. So now, if you are a crypto, how many are here on the crypto? Can I see show hands? Anybody in the crypto? Yeah, you guys are a special trap for you folks on the first page they added recently, a couple years ago, digital assets question right there. Make sure you don't pass it. Yes or no, let's go next page and see where is this trap. I was late for you. Make it bigger at any if you say at any time during 2023 Did you receive or sell exchange or otherwise dispose of a digital asset? Yes or no, if you say yes, you put yourself you you make yourself a target the Irish to be audited for your transactions as a crypto person, as a crypto transactions, if you say no, you lied on rose and go to prison for up to for three separate crimes up to nine years. Yeah. So how do you get out of this dilemma? There you go. Don't pull out the confusion from in the first place. Duh. Is that simple? No, that's the only way out. Don't be on the audit list. Can you put it? That's what I have the question on the front page, so that you put yourself on the list. Yeah, they love it when you do that and tell all your crypto friends. No, I gotta. I got a good accountant, really? You want to put yourself with that dilemma next page. So I already said that the only one of this dilemma is free to not to file 10 for a confession tax from and he'd be happy. He'd be smiling, folks right next page, I got crypto. I don't file. So another thing people are going to understand this image I'm going to today several times go and try to get through this deep brainwashing. You, I know it's deep in there. Over decades in the brain, the Irish can just audit more people. They're powerful. They audit you, audits powers. Oh God, and it's not true. Okay, these two communists for Myers commissioners in a blooming Article Two years ago, trying to raise money for the communist system. There's a critical part of the what they said in Bloomberg, what's critical here? Critical. You get this. Got it. You should get this. It's critical. Get it. That's substantially all the revenue increase does not come from IRS audits. It comes from taxpayers. When they file their returns, you put the rope on your neck, say, I owe you this money. See if you have withholding from your paycheck as employee, you can stop that. You can go to our website, freedom, law school.org, and stop stealing, withholding income tax from your paycheck, legally, safely, for free. Now you don't file, no problem, right? You don't, you don't say, well, by payment, I have to, because I want to get some of my refund money back when I file. Problem has been solved for you. Just go to freedom, law school.org, and if your business owner, independent contractor, stops in the IRS, quarterly estimated payments don't file, and you're home free. It really is that simple Next slide. So, okay, you give up your fifth amendment constitution right to be silenced and not give any information to the government that they could use to put you in prison, and your parents are talking about that today. Right from our agent said that whenever he got the 10 that went after somebody, they got the copy the person's tax return from previous years, used it against them. Always, that was standard procedure. Did he say that? He didn't say that. He did it up now. He didn't say but yeah, he told that's a standard procedure. Always use the 1040 form from previous years against you. You give information you have right to be silent. Okay, next page.

Speaker 3  48:15
Okay. When you file a 10 for income tax form or any other federal tax form, you give up the rights to your most private and sensitive financial information to the IRS. The IRS can then use these documents as evidence against you in a court of law, which can then force you to prove all expenses deductions and credits that you claim on your tax form. If you cannot prove such expenses deductions and credits, you will end up paying a lot more money to the IRS, or even be sentenced to lengthy prison terms. You open yourself up to three separate tax crimes for each IRS sent 40 form or the document that you filed with the IRS, one, attempting to evade or defeat a tax, tax evasion, sending you to prison for up to five years for each 10 for a tax 1040, form or other document per in Total Revenue Code section 7201, Various forms of fraud and false statements, sending you to prison for up to three years for each 1040 or the document per interim Nicole section 7206, filing fraudulent returns statements or other documents, sending you to prison for up to one year for each 1040 form or other document per internal new code section, 7207, this can add up to nine years for each IRS, 1040, income tax form or the tax documents, since the IRS usually waits until a taxpayer has filed several years of income tax forms before. Are charging them. This can easily add up to more years in prison than a maximum sentence of many violent crime laws you didn't realize that, huh, all the stuff you do to yourself because you were duped and deceived that FBI is wonderful. DOJ is wonderful. CIA is great, and Iris is such a powerful being. No, they duped you with a mainstream media. Okay, propaganda, propaganda, propaganda. Next. Take this example. This is former year was attacked with Judge Diane l Krupa when he asked came after judge Krupa, she did not even try to put up a defense and go to trial and says she were guilty to reduce her sentence to only 34 months. She could have said on Stan, did everything right? I'm on the 31 highest authorities of tax law in the country. Tax law specialist, full time, only 31 of us. I know more about tax law than this federal district court judge sitting here, which is true, he does not do tax laws. There's all kind of federal laws. I do tax law, day in, day out, and I did it just right. If she cannot defend would not defend her. 1044, how could your accountant, your wonderful CPA or tax attorney, be bad together? Her for you. They can't can they next? This is where Karos comes in. Come on up. Imma give my voice a little rest and risk of filing for income tax forms are so many. He's going to read them to you in separate pages, bigger print, because risks when you end the volunteer process of filing and paying on tape for income tax returns, when you join the restore freedom plan, is none. That's where you want to be. No risk. You have a chance to join the restore freedom plan. We'll get that later. All the risk that you're going to give up and you don't want Keras next slide form please, and you'll read that. Oh, this is small prayer. Get bigger for you. It's too small.

Speaker 1  52:25
Alright, you get something to drink. Give your voice a rest. There are you want to go to the next slide. We'll make it a little bit bigger so everyone can see it as I read it. First of all, you give up your right to be silent. You just spoke with the pen and and you not give up any information to the government that they can use against you. That's that fifth amendment. You signed an oath, under oath, penalty of perjury, and there's multiple penalties, same as if you were before a judge in a jury that everything on the 1040, income tax confession form is true, correct and complete. Isn't that interesting? You didn't even know how to understand the law, so you went to the CPA, he did it, and now you're auditing him and saying that everything he did is right. Really, he won't even sign under the penalty of perjury, Willie, but you step up and do it. You confess, under oath and penalty of perjury, that you have taxable income and that you owe the IRS, as Pamela said, you do owe it now. You said so under penalty of perjury. That's why you don't get your money back. You swore you owed it. You paid it, you don't get it back. You cannot change your mind or appeal your confession that you owe the IRS. It's a sworn statement under penalty of perjury. You beg the IRS to accept all of your business expenses, deductions, credits and other breaks that you claim on the 1040 form, the tax confession form, you beg them to accept it. You fill it out. You said it's true. They didn't say they'd accept it. They could just call what disallow that? What's disallowed Is it true? Correct and accurate? Uh oh. And you give them permission to audit you. What do you audit? If there's no 1040, what is there to audit? Never thought about that. That's the reason why they have the power to audit, and now they have something to audit. You put the burden of proof on yourself to prove that all of your expenses and deductions and credits and other breaks that you've claimed on your 1040 income tax confession form, the burden of proof shifted from them to you. Instead of them proving that you owe it, you swear you owe it now you prove that these deductions are what they would agree with you. If you lose the audit, you will end up on the IRS more taxes, penalty and interest. You will have to hire an accountant or CPA or tax attorney and pay them unknown amounts of money to try to keep you from the keep you from the owing the IRS even more money. How about this? You paid the CPA to prepare it, then you swore, then they audited, found out it was wrong. Now you have to pay the CPA again to correct them. That was his mistake, wasn't it, and then you have to pay the penalties and interests. And I know someone who then had to hire an attorney to sue the IRS because it was wrong, and he had to pay the attorney and the IRS again to get back anything that was incorrect. The other direction, it's just pay to pay to pay to pay, and you're the one doing all that paying. You'll have to hire an accountant, a CPA andor tax attorney, and pay them unknown amounts to try and keep them did that one. Sorry about that. You may lose the audit and end up owing the IRS more money, penalty and interest. You tell the IRS where your bank accounts are, where your home is, all the properties that you own and or any crypto, etc, all for them to steal. For each and every 1040 income tax confession form that you file, you may be convicted three separate crimes and go to prison for up to nine years. Each individual year is a whole other story, not connected at all. You can make money one year and file, and you can not make money and not file. You can file, you cannot make money. They're all separate, separate charges, separate trial, separate everything. That's why, when penguin asked, when they say, Well, what I got to do just stop is from this point forward, that's it. The IRS decides to put you in prison. You will have to pay a lawyer hundreds of 1000s of dollars or more to defend you. These trials are not cheap, extremely expensive. If the IRS tries to put you in prison and there is an error on your 1040 form, whether it is the fault of your accountant, your tax preparer, practically, you have to prove that this mistake was inadvertent and not an attempt for you to evade your fair share of taxes. Yeah, you're fighting for your life. You hope and pray that your accountant and CPA and tax lawyers are really good at what they do and can keep the IRS from stealing your money and putting you in prison. And you really don't know. Do you? Are you really qualified to audit them? Are you really qualified to know whether they are telling you the truth and your attorney is giving you good advice you don't know? That's why you're hoping and praying your money and your hard work is going to fund the corruption and the criminalities of the Washington, DC swamp and the gangsters you are funding your own demise. Next, there we go. So those are the benefits of filing a 1040 income tax return. Can you think of any more? All right, now, what are the benefits of ending filing the income tax return and the confession form and joining the restore freedom plan, if the IRS ever comes after you, Freedom Law School will prepare the proper responses. Now that's just in a letter form. One letter, they'll help you prepare the response. And if necessary, if they keep doing send you another letter, continue to reply back and forth, eventually, if necessary, the hire CPAs and attorneys that may be necessary to defend you and guarantees that you will stay out of prison by following the law as written on the government's official legal websites and quadruple checking with you and your congressman in writing about the tax laws those of you who aren't familiar with it, after you learn this, after you come to this conclusion, then, as an extra precaution, you write a letter to your congressman, and you let him know that the tax is self assessing and that you've gone through the information and you've come to this conclusion. Question, but if you're wrong, you're asking him to please correct me, because I bleed red, white and blue. I'm all American. I love America, and I want to pay my fair share. Whatever that is, when you come to the conclusion that it's zero, then that would be zero. But if I'm wrong, please correct me. Out of all the letters have been written, we've had some responses. Sometimes they're ignored. How many times do you think they've ever corrected us? This is a clue if you end up losing your tax court case, the tax case, and the IRS takes any money from you. Freedom Law School will reimburse you in full. Okay, usually I start the round of applause. Who wants to start the round of applause on this one? All right, that is one of the things that we're concerned with. Have you ever had a CPA tell you that they'll reimburse you if it's wrong? Have you ever had an attorney say, Hey, listen, if I lose your case, I'll reimburse you all the fees. It doesn't happen. This is something unlike anything anywhere you've ever seen before. If

Speaker 1  1:01:19
it says, if you have none of the risks of filing a 1040, income tax form and your money, your hard work, instead of you going to fund corruption, your own demise, the criminality of the Washington, DC swamp and the gangsters, it's going toward restoring freedom, justice, peace and prosperity for all Americans. So do you understand the concept of freedom law school? If everyone paid into freedom law school so that we could do these kind of events, and we can educate more people, and you can bring friends and family members when they see it and they get it, and they too join. The money goes into freedom law school, which, by the way, is a law school that no one has ever graduated. Okay? Because we're always a student of the law. Okay? It goes into here to be used for these purposes. And if someone does get attacked, because they can, I think Donald Trump kind of proved that, didn't he, no matter what you do, they could attack you. We know that no matter what you do, it could be you or you or you, but to know that freedom law school is going to come to your aid, help you all the steps away from the letter right to going to court, and if you lost, then pay, reimburse you what they took Is that something that you think everybody would want to have, that reassurance, that comfort that what they're doing is standing on the law, standing on their freedoms. You found you thought of one more. You

Unknown Speaker  1:03:06
Thank you. I just

Unknown Speaker  1:03:12
wanted to make a comment. I got a notice about a month ago.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:22
You said I instead of paying

Unknown Speaker  1:03:25
whatever fee, if you roll up very good, I can pay up $6,600

Unknown Speaker  1:03:36
running for office supports the Constitution. I think

Speaker 1  1:03:40
that's a wonderful thing to do. You going to start? He started the round of applause. And you know, thank you for bringing that up, because that is exactly what it's going for. If we can get another congressman and another congressman and another one, we can turn the tide. That's exactly why, and that's proof that what you just said, that's really where it's going. He's giving you full credit for that, isn't he? Yeah, great job, Pamela. Is that it is there any more? Next slide, it's all good.

Speaker 3  1:04:16
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you chaos, thank you for what you said. We were ahead of the game. I was going to bring that up later on. I'll bring it up again about that. Yes, we all this money is is designed, most of it not to protect you, because you don't need it. Most is going to go toward electing people in office that represent you, sheriffs, district attorneys, prosecutors, Congressmen, state legislatures, all that stuff. Most was going to be directed there long term, putting the events like this anyhow again, to show you that you're not going to go to prison for taxes. This is a big thing in people's head, this myth I got a bust. Yes, this is Iris Criminal Investigation Division annual report. They show how many people they put in prison sentenced right cases, they come after people indictments and sentencing. Top is combined results of all categories of criminal prosecutions. The bottom is all the non filers. There were different pages, but I put them together. One page for you, easy to see. If you see, look at on the top, 2015 year, all with 2021 same. At bottom, look at 2015 over 3000 people. IRS sentenced put in prison. Everybody but non filers are only 167 the difference is all filers up into prison, about 2900 every year. Look at the year 2018 over 2100 people. People that were in prison, and only about 100 were non filers. Over 2000 were filers. Look at your 2021 over 1200 people that were in prison, only less than 90 were non filers. Over 1100 filers, it's filing that puts you in prison. Get out of your head that, oh, if I don't want to, I talk to somebody all the time says I don't want to be a martyr. I don't want to go to prison. Why do you say that? Cuz we've been duped to believe the opposite of truth. Next slide, so it is true. You did do it yourself. You see when you follow 1040 anger of Jack's confession from under or stop doing that, we can literally drain the swamp to the to the billions. Next. Now I know, despite all this, you still are. Many of you are just afraid of the IRS, afraid b I'm gonna have to help you with that. Some more. I'll help you realize that the IRS is over 99% bluff. And the best way to have the IRS leave you alone is to stop filing 10 for income tax confession trap forms. And did you know the IRS of 2017 stopped going after people who do not file 10 for income tax confession trap forms for the following seven reasons. Next, okay, first, the Wizard of Oz is at work. File your taxes, otherwise you go to prison. And here the American people, business people, farmers, ranchers, everybody shaking the Wizard of Oz is that same corrupt major media that lied to you for decades. Okay, making this incompetent IRS looks like this powerful thing that they're not. Here's Freedom Law School. Take the curtain aside for you next. And there's too many of us. Can we play the video? This is from the next slide is going to be video about how we outnumber them. We outnumber of them, 10 million to one tax court. Judge, that's right, 10 million to one tax credit. Judge, both. So this very much applies to us. This is the ants for the grasshoppers. Have the ants corral them to be their slaves, right? That's them, and we're the ants. Let's play it. Say, let's

Unknown Speaker  1:08:53
pretend this plane is a

Unknown Speaker  1:09:02
beauty. Will about

Unknown Speaker  1:09:21
this one you left one ant stand up to us, and they all might.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:27
Those sweet little ants outnumber us a 100th of one, and if they ever figure that out, there goes our way of life. It's not about food, but keeping those ants in line. I

Speaker 3  1:09:43
keeping those ants in line. Yeah, you figured it out. Yeah. You figure that's why that's after Donald Trump and January Sixers and TD Peter says, because they're trying to scare you little ants who. Oh, they come after me so far my tax return to be a good little slave. I know it's bad, but I'm afraid that's what they want to do to you. And they got to realize we do outnumber up tremendously, just like they were going to bury them next slide. Okay, let's go to some facts, the number of non filers is overwhelming to the IRS in 1998 the IRS admitted that about 63 million Americans the expected to file 10 for income tax forms for the 1996 tax year did not file with a population of over three 30 million in 2022 the number of non files is around 80 million. Let's go to the letter, 80 million. Yeah. Here's the actual letter in 1998 from IRS in Washington, DC. To this, Mr. Abel, let's read the second paragraph. Based on our 1996 tax filing program, we estimate they don't even know they're guessing. There are approximately 63 million taxpayers who've not filed a tax return and initially would appear to have a legal requirement to file. It's not 63,000 it's million, and it's approximately they don't even know. They're guessing. They're estimating. They say this estimate is based on data available to the service on the individual master file, the main compute the IRS brain. They have your 10, nine, nine. They have your employee, w2, form, that's right, doesn't matter. They cannot come after all of you can they Next slide. So let's go second paragraph, are 80 million Americans in prison for not filing 10 for income tax confession forms are there are millions of non files, paychecks, bank accounts and homes endangered being taken by the IRS. No, next slide, okay, it's safe to file, not file, but then again, ooh, the IRS is going to hire 87,000 new agents to come after you. Next slide, right? The bigger boo you heard all the all wonderful conservative media, Fox News and Patriot news and Newsmax. 87,000 gun carrying orange Asia is going to come after you because they've been deceived too. They only awaken this much. There's more. Let's go next slide. See the the reason IRS was given money to hire 8700 agents for 10 years is because what happened the IRS is losing most of their employees and having a hard time replacing them. 52,000 of the current 79,000 IRS employees are projected to leave the Irish employment by 2028 That's right, and 35,000 on three retirements the old wise was like you are leaving, and the youngsters are coming that don't know Jack compared to you old people, that's why they did this. The IRS was literally about to collapse, and he had to just try to save it. I saw a video of, I don't have it in a presentation. We should add it on there, Commissioner IRS and Congress testifying. All the money we got last year, has not been used to upgrade anything. It's all been used to keep the quota lights on at the IRS. This is exact words to keep the lights on at the IRS next for over 40 years, the IRS has failed to fix this antiquated computer systems and has now suspended most updating initiatives. Has the oldest computer system in government running on COBOL assembly language. Yep. And I, if you go to links on our website, all this stuff is reports, all that, everything I'm telling you links to the original documents, the sources there. I'm not just making this you can exceed read in detail. And so they they for decades, they try to do they keep failing and failing and failing. So this report from government accounting Accountability Office says. The IRS recently suspends the operations essential to replacing this 60 year old individual master file, accordingly, 2030, target completion date for replacing the IMF that IRS announced last year is now unknown. Think about that. They can't even set a hopeful date seven years eight down the road as a day to do it. They can do it. They're literally employing from within, just like a Soviet Union. That's what you gotta realize they're employing from within. Next slide, Oh, I love this one. IRS cannot even keep up with filers who have confessed to own the IRS money. That dark green line is how many levies or garnishments of bank account paychecks did back in year 10 and 11 was about 3.7 million.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:16
Look at the crash. Uh, 2021 less than 10% at 300,000 if you had a private business with that kind of a record, you

Speaker 3  1:16:33
would have been out of business long time ago, right? But in government, they just keep chugging away. They just pretend they got the power that's and these are filers that have confessed 20 hours money. In fact, you know why? You know why that's the case. I tell you why I gotta put in my presentation, because they don't have enough agents to take your calls to let you make a payment plan. Yeah, to make a payment plan, they're sending cases to Toothless private collection agency. I got a guy who got a letter from a toothless private collection agency that he was the IRS, $280,000 now one why would the IRS not work that case themselves? Because they can't, okay, don't have a don't have enough agents to take your calls. And this is important. And the reason they do more because if you get your paycheck, what's gonna happen is, you know, call your IRS, don't answer. Visit the IRS. Not enough people there. Go to my congressman now congressman to contact the liaison at the IRS to go handle all this. There's overwhelmed. There are enough people. Meanwhile, your rent doesn't get paid, your electricity is turned off. Can't pay your water bill, and you going to be become a patriot real quick. This government takes my money. I can't even call anybody just just let me make a payment plan. That's why they're leaving nine files alone. They don't have enough enough agents even to go after your file. Everyone just call the hours and make a payment plan. Literally, next slide, oh, that's the we got that video play it. Gee, oh, wait, it's too long. Can

Unknown Speaker  1:18:38
we hear about some of these campaigns you

Speaker 3  1:18:42
know, just had on can we get the right part? Get forwarded or not because it's too long? I want the kid the commissioner. Let's get the commissioner what he says, our

Speaker 4  1:18:52
focus, our priority and our agenda under the inflation Reduction Act to increase scrutiny for complex filers. Both individuals, large corporations and complex partnerships that are evading their tax response. It is not our intent increase scrutiny and invest this money on a new wave of audits for middle and low income. That's not going to happen under my watch, and we will be able to publicly report that so that you can hold me accountable for that. With respect to high wealth, there's a lot of different things we're doing to start to catch up and close the gap that's been there for too many years. And one of the things that we can report immediate results on, because often these enforcement actions take time, but there are some things we're doing that should give the American people confidence that we are using this money smartly and in a way that's creating fairness, and that is going after millionaires and billionaires who are delinquent on owed taxes. And this is this should frustrate people on Oh, these are millionaires and billionaires who have been. Assessed a tax due because they are delinquent in paying it. And we have so many honest Americans who pay their taxes on time, and these millionaires and billionaires are not. So we have created this High Risk List of 1600 of these individuals

Speaker 5  1:20:18
to stay on this path. You've indicated that you need about another $800 million this year.

Speaker 4  1:20:24
Yes, and that is an important point about our budget. And I'll just if I could just say it briefly, we are. We have a base budget to fund our ongoing operations keep the lights on, and then we have the inflation Reduction Act, which is modernizing and helping us build capacities. Our base budget is insufficient to run the daily train schedules, and what that means is we have to borrow from the modernization fund just to keep the lights on. And if we keep doing that, we won't modernize. We'll keep the lights on, but we won't build these capacities that are so important to help taxpayers. There you go.

Unknown Speaker  1:21:02
Drive the light. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  1:21:06
easier for people to cheat on their taxes.

Speaker 4  1:21:08
It's it's easier. And let me just if I can go through $100 million what that what that buys you at the IRS, 700 audits of of high income taxpayers, millionaires and billionaires, 200 audits of complex partnerships, 100 audits of large corporations, 32,000 collection cases of wealthy individuals and on and on, and that's just from the 100 million so clearly It has an impact. Okay, I start with the volume right when you look at

Speaker 3  1:21:46
the number, yeah, the main thing, when you heard about the keeping the lights off, there's more about this stuff. So it's not like we're making it up. Okay, next slide, so see. So as you can see, it's far more profitable for the IRS to go after filers than go after non filers. The IRS collects over $300 for every $1 that the Irish spends collecting from Americans who file 10 for income tax confession trap forms, the IRS collects just under $3 for the same $1 so if you were the IRS, which Americans would you go after follow all non filers? If it was your business, duh. Yeah, you're under oath. You sell your money. I just gotta pay you. That's it. Non filers have to come after you, and there's about 80 million non filers. Put that in there. Remind yourself of that, because that's a reality check. I'll guess all your fear, fear the IRS, but there's already a million non filers. So they can't get all of us, I mean, for the IRS, but it's already 80 million non filers already. You just gotta do that with your heart, with your brain. Remind that. Okay, next slide.

Speaker 3  1:23:10
So this is what I was telling you earlier. Okay, that IA is Installment Agreement requests are customer driven inventory. You are the customer, the sucker, okay, that must be worked there. Must take a call and make a payment plan, compared to discretionary, optional, delinquent return, and that's acefrtdi is coming after non filers. That's what they mean. We're going to leave not a files alone, because that's optional. It's expensive, but people want to pay us on payment plan. Easy money. We gotta take those calls. We must take them. Next slide is the next thing. Yeah, so IRS needs to take calls from filers who have confessed to own the IRS money and just want to make the payment plan with Yaris. This is a top priority and easy money for Yaris next. So in January 17, we'll put the thing on again. Collection Management, once again suspended. Non filer, case creation, yeah, they suspended going on after non filers Period. Period. There it is, suspend. The IRS doesn't have enough agents to take phone calls from the filers who want to pay Yash money. Since Yash doesn't have enough manpower to take from the calls from these IRS filers, ours is forced to leave nonfall alone. Next slide, right? This report came out in 2017 from the treasurer. See, this is the difference about this than other places, but there's not a meat ether retreat event. Is a solutions, event, defunding the crooks. We just didn't realize how much power we have, how weak they are. This is the Treasury specter general auditors report in 2017 for these reasons above, in 2017 Irish management decided to leave income tax non filers alone. Go Next slide. Number of letters they sent to non files, a million. They used to send in 2009 and 10, just a harmless scare letters, just scare letters, but even that, but 2016 collapsed the near zero. Next slide is zero and then all this collapse of the blue line, okay, nine and 10, about a million letters to non filers just to scare you. Next slide, you see collapse to near zero. 2016 and they suspended altogether. Next slide and 2017 literally Iris management. Chose to leave 99.9% of non files alone. How come Newsmax doesn't report on that? How come Breitbart doesn't mention that we're all conservative online sources who tell you to be friendly the IRS. Right next slide. And here, by the way, Treasury auditors recommended to the IRS this recommendation to reassess the decision to suspend going after non filers. AFR was non filer program, and the IRS gave the auditors the middle finger and said, resource constraints, that means we don't have enough money and people result in the decision to suspend going after nonfallers. That should be front headline. It was everywhere, right next slide. Now I know you're going to say, I'll pay mom, but few of you says, pay mom. I'm an important guy. I'm a rich guy, I'm a critic of the government. I'm in laws with the government. I'm important. You know of this big organization or expose them. They don't want to get me because I am so important in my organization. You know, I've heard that stuff really. Let's see how important you are to the IRS. In 2020 another report by Treasury auditors, high income non filers owing billions of dollars are not being worked by the IRS. Billions of dollars not being worked. IRS refuses to go after extremely rich non fathers. US Treasury auditors gave the IRS a list of 100 richest income tax nonfalls who each would owe the IRS about $100 million and recommended Three hours to go after these people for taxes, right? Here's a list of that's easy, 10 billion, right? Why would they come after you? You're chub chain compared to these people, right? You have to come after you. They said, Here's from the top, from the bosses, guys, easy money. The Iris is so broken, disorganized, lazy and irresponsible that the iris refused to commit to going after these extremely rich, high income nonfallers. So I don't want to hear from none of you say pay, but like a lot of real estate, stocks, bonds, this money, they're going to come after me and my stuff. Okay, that's literally the people. They're leaving them alone. Okay, next slide, and here's the reason why, again, there are only 31 US Tax Court judges to go after 80 million non filers. 97% of tax cases are litigated in US Tax Court 31 only. Six of them are full time. But even with that, just to the math, basic math, okay, that means go back, there is one tax credit judge for every 10 million Americans. Literally, if you don't file, you have a right to a trial in US tax court if you simply exercise that right, that's all I gotta do. Yeah? Next slide. So to give you a visual in that stadium, you see that. Okay? This picture. Shows 75,000 people. Look at these, each of these heads as one human being. That's one tax case. You can see a few these heads, right? Well full of the stadium. There are 80 million non filers. So to seat all innocent non filers would take over 1000 stadiums to do with 31 tax court judges. You see what they leave it on. Files alone. They can't come after you. Next slide. So here's another truthful statement in 69 years, Senator Henry Belmont said this about the IRS in a recent conversation with an official of the IRS. I was amazed when he told me, quote, If the taxpayers of this country ever discover that the IRS are paid a 90% bluff, the entire system will collapse. See, folks, you never owed the income tax. Remember, by law, that's why it's called it's a voluntary tax because you voluntary told the IRS, I'm from District of Columbia. I'm a DC citizen, US citizen, a tax law I want to pay. That's what it did to you. You volunteered. Me doing it all these decades, even then and then, but they just kept it going. Did you ever not just because I thought Iris was a FBI and DOJ were crooks? No, they were crooked. Then, that's right, since 1930s FBI and DOJ were crooks and criminals way back then, just not so obvious in your face, right? They were lying us over the in 19 30 million wrote the law that us in tax law means US territories, that was on purpose to deceive you over 100 years ago, wasn't it to make you a slave? Right? The IRS conditions far worse than was in 1969 as a result, in 2017 the IRS stopped going after nonfallers. So therefore the best way to have the IRS leave you alone is to stop filing change for income tax confession forms. Right next slide, pretty obvious, isn't it? Okay? And you gotta recognize, here's a real reason that people are paying up taxes. They've been programmed to. You gotta recognize folks you were programmed to love. You know, love, FBI, DOJ, CIA, NSA, they're fighting the Chinese and Iranians and Russians and North Koreans and all these Arab terrorists out there, you know. And they keep doing that for you, right? Even a conservative

Speaker 3  1:32:55
media sources out there, right? But they all tell you be afraid, panic, you know, to pay your taxes. And also, the churches have been deceived. The churches make themselves a, 501, c3, interim record, DC Corporation, that's right, that's what they do. They were duped by the lawyers to do that, to be a DC Corporation, to become tax exempt, and now they're worried about we can't talk about politics, because you know all that we don't want to lose our tax deductibility of our parishioners. They deceive the church, as Satan deceived the church. Next slide. You see, all this, folks, is all based upon deception, right? Who does this? See, who is the greatest deceiver? Satan? Was with deception? Was he accomplished? Keeps you in fear, right? With fear, whereas he does you, he gets from you, obey whatever he says is a solution, whether it's a corporate jab, quarter jab, or be a slave and confess your master every year, master all you, 1044, please accept I plead my confession. This is my fair share of slavery. Humbly, do not target me to check my expenses, deductions, credits, if they're okay. You know, I just don't have money to pay another attorney. CPA, please accept it humbly. Oh, gosh, I'm so nervous. Every other one do this, but I have to to be safe. I have to be a good slave throughout the form. So when they got us wrapped, they got wrapped around a little pinkies with with ignorance and fear, little pinkies. Okay, would they play this one? Just a reminder for you guys. Refresher.

Unknown Speaker  1:35:00
They're puny. Puny.

Speaker 4  1:35:02
Say, let's pretend this train is a puny little ant. Did that hurt? Nope. Well,

Unknown Speaker  1:35:11
how about this one? Are you kidding?

Unknown Speaker  1:35:16
How about this

Speaker 1  1:35:22
you Donna, you let one ant stand up to us, then they all might stand up. Those puny little ants outnumber us 100 to what? And if they ever figure that out, there goes our way of life. It's not about food. It's about keeping those ants in line.

Speaker 3  1:35:52
Now we're going to take a break. I'll bring another speaker for you when we come back, we are going to do exactly what he said. I will show you how we all can stand up like he said, right. Let's say 10 minute break, folks. Let's start at 315 Okay, come back, but please be on time, because our speaker doesn't have that much time. 315, be back in your chairs, please. 10 minutes, real short bathroom breaks. Just a bathroom break, folks, that's all it is. Bathroom Breaks. Shake your leg. Be back in your seats, Please. You.

Speaker 1  1:52:26
Alright, testing, testing, we're ready to begin. Come on in. Anybody out there that believes that Hunter Biden tap laptop matters, come on in and grab your seat. Show of hands. How many of you think it matters? How many believe that it's not his laptop? I don't see a hand. Can you believe that there are some people that still believe that is not his. I can't even believe it. They believe that it's Russian disinformation and blah, blah, blah. I cannot even believe that when he sued the repair shop to return his laptop, that should have done it. And what about 51 of the intelligence, excuse me, the 51, of the top intelligent people that say that this is Russian disinformation. Like not one of them picked up the phone and said, yo, hey, Hunter, is this your laptop or not? Like they can't do that for an investigation. They want to just deceive, deceive, change the definition, twist things around and get us to believe something different. But we in this room did not believe that at all, and we're really excited to be able to bring up Garrett Ziegler, who is with Yep, with the Trump worked with Trump, and he started an organization called Marco Polo, and he's got a great report for you. Come on up. Garrett is all yours.

Speaker 6  1:54:11
Thank you for letting me speak today. I am. I'm going across the country. This is my 14th state, and the goal is to spread the lowercase g. Gospel about this dossier we put together. The screen that you see you can pull up on your own phone or preferably an iPad or desktop. You just go to Biden report.com and I actually have some swag for you all today. It's cool swag. It's not stupid stuff. I'm going to ask the folks in the front row to pass around. They are BLM stickers. So these things don't make it on a gap. These things, these things don't make it on a gas pump for an hour, because from 10 to 15 feet, it looks like black. Lives Matter. And if you look. At commies in the wild. If you, if you watch one of these folks look at this from 15 feet, they're like, my god, this, this gas station owner is a kindred spirit, or at least, you know the person who pumped before me is. And then they get closer and closer, and they might even wipe their eyes a little bit, and they see Biden laptop matters. And the reason why we That's our only swag is because the URL at the bottom goes to the report. So if you don't remember something I said today, or you want to fact check me or dig into it deeper, you have the sticker, go to bidenlaptopmatters.com and it's a landing page for Biden report.com so this group that I started, Marco Polo. It's an open source intelligence collective. We got a copy of the abandoned hard drive from Rudy Giuliani, and we took it apart as a private investigator would. There are about 4500 contacts in the device, and so we ran background check reports on each and every one of them, part of the reason for me going across the country is we have hardly any mainstream media support. If there is somebody mentioning us, it's almost always negative, although we do have a standing bounty for $1,000 for any material error. Somebody can find in this 644 page dossier, you can find a material, air, meaning it's material. It's not an apostrophe or something. We'll give you a grand. And we have said this to shit libs across the country, and there's nothing they can dispute, because the report is very antiseptic. It's very surgical. The language is not as flowery as the language I'm going to use today, and it really is just a thorough exposition of the criminal activity on the device. We haven't put everything in the dossier that was on the hard drive, if you want to look up, you know, keyword terms, everything else. We also, as part of our nonprofit, we have put together Biden laptop emails.com which hosts all 128,000 emails from the abandoned device. And if you want to see all the photos, which regrettably, has been much more popular than email site, I'm a nerd. I love going through the emails. But if you want to look at the pictures with genitalia redacted, it's actually one of the causes of action that Hunter is suing us over. Hunter sued us last September. One of them is he said we modified his data. Of course, it's ridiculous. It's not his data, but he said we modified his data by putting black boxes over his genitalia. So the President's son's lawyers, by that, by their own logic, would prefer that we do not redact their clients genitalia. That's the level of clown world we're in. Winston and Strawn. LLP, folks making 1600 bucks an hour put their name on that document that'll be ashamed of themselves and disbarred. So what is in this report, I would ask the folks just to go to go to the Table of Contents real quick. And only got 15 minutes and the table of contents, if you want to go, no, not to Kazakhstan, already, go to the cover and just thumb over one, thumb over one. No, if you just click that the arrow, you

Speaker 6  1:58:27
one more time, one more time to the table of contents. Okay, so the table of contents is broken down into three big buckets, business related crimes, sex related crimes and drug related crimes. And the reason why we put this together is we want an accurate record for posterity. This is one of the greatest gaslighting campaigns in the 21st century. We think the crimes on the hard drive and the effort to cover up the crimes on the hard drive has been a full court press. And the only thing that with this corrupt meeting, the only thing besides election integrity that, I think is, is is critical, is exposing how the commander in chief is compromised by foreign interests. I think if your president's compromised by foreign interest, hardly anything else matters. The only way you can rectify yourself from that situation and get and get to a better future is through election integrity. So it's really one and two you, if you have election integrity, but you have leaders that are compromised by foreign powers, you're in a crappy situation. But if you can at least get yourself out of that by electing a new person, then that gives people some hope and not some just giant black pill. So yes, we wrote the report for you today, 2024 in Colorado. But we also wrote it, you know, for 2074 when people will not be constrained by contemporary political considerations. What do we mean by that? Now, after you know, 50 years of of time, it's, it's well known that JFK and. LBJ, both had extremely degenerate social lives, right? We're talking LBJ, Ebony every 72 hours. LBJ, sister, there's good evidence that he actually killed her. Her name is josifa. I always say that Hunter Biden is the second most degenerate member of of an American first family, because josifa Johnson is maybe some of you haven't heard of her. Just go look her up. It is insane, the stuff she was involved in. But the point I'm trying to make is we don't know about that stuff sometimes till 3040, years after the fact, because the Presidential archives haven't been opened. Right what we're doing, and what's unique about the hard drive is we get all of this today, even if the guy is osteoporotically walking around, and it's being shot up with amphetamines and god knows what else. At least we have the truth about his current situation today, that is rare, that's almost unprecedented. So every this, this hard drive is so many activists and other people have have a copy of it, right? But what our group has done Marco Polo is put it together in a searchable form that drives leftists crazy. And the reason why it drives leftist crazy is because there's hardly any commentary. You read all 644, pages of this, hardly any opinion. We came, the final number that we found was 459 violations of state and federal laws and regs. Now, to be fair to Hunter, he's not implicated in each and every one of those, and we delineate which ones he is involved with, but I can confidently state today that the Biden family and their associates. There's evidence on the device. There's probably hundreds more we don't have buried in other devices that the Biden family haven't left at a repair shop, but 459 and one of the things I enjoy about going across the country is I try to find local connections to everybody, or to where people are in in try to find people and places and business deals that are explicated in the laptop that they may not know about. You know, if you're if, if you live in, maybe Castle Rock, you don't maybe know how this device that was left in Delaware and belongs to the son of the guy who lives in DC is connected to you. But there's actually a guide, and you can go to the Kazakhstan section right now, page 165 there's a guy who lives five minutes from here, who is on multiple pages of our dossier. He actually ran for the governor of your state in 2006 he didn't make it past the primary. Of course, he got killed. But his name is Mark Holtzman. His father, Seymour, was the vice chairman for Reagan's 1984 campaign, Vice Chairman of finance. I believe very wealthy lives in a I want to be called a McMansion, a mansion about five minutes from here. And he's the guy right here on the right. He committed at least one FARA violation that we know of. FARA 22 USC, 612, it's when you represent a foreign interest, foreign agent, excuse me and do not declare that representation to the US Justice Department. The reason why we have his face next to two Kazakh oligarchs is because these are the people that he knew. Kenneth rakashev was in business and basically used the president, the then VP son, to get intel about US foreign policy and the business partner of that VP son, Devin Archer, who is going to be sentenced on August 2 in Manhattan for the second time, was basically acting as a de facto diplomatic link between the US State Department, because Devin Archer was good buddies with John Kerry, and John Kerry was the Secretary of State at the time. So you have in emails that came out, not just through the laptop, but through FOIA. You have Devin Archer exchanging emails with Ken s rakachev, who his net worth is, I don't know if it's a billion, it's kissing a billion. I would say it's, for sure, more than $500 million but you have this guy, rakasheb, and then massimov was the sitting Prime Minister when all of this was transpiring. And the reason why Holtzman is involved is because he was actually the vice chairman of the National Bank of Kazakhstan, somebody in here, you know, who lives and has a domicile here in Greenwood Village, and it's insane. So what we do in this Kazakhstan section, which is eight pages free to read Biden report.com is go through how they were foreign agents, what precise we go through the elements of the statute, how the emails and the correspondence and the indisputable data on the device meets the elements of those statues. Remember Farah was a forgotten statute passed in 1938 only with Paul Manafort did the DOJ resurrect a desire to start enforcing it. The irony is that they charge Manafort and a couple of other people with Farah. And Joey's son and his band of confederates, Holtzman included, that was their entire business model. Remember, on Hunter's laptop we have about 11 years of his life, 2008 to 2019, we found two Excel documents on his device. What does that mean? First of all, it's absolutely hilarious, because on his Wikipedia page, you'll find that he's a quote, unquote financier. Any real Financier has more than two Excel documents on their laptop. This guy did zero work zero. He knows nothing about pivot tables. He can't open a spreadsheet. Knows nothing. Usually, that sort of ignorance causes anxiety in normal people. Hunter didn't care, because the thing that Hunter brought to the table was his daddy. So nobody was going to Hunter for his skills and financial acumen. That's what Mark was there for. I'm not up here saying mark, stupid. You'll never hear me say that. I am saying that mark and those types of people, and you can read it. I have a limited time go read the dossier used people like Hunter Biden to get intel, because, remember, Kazakhstan is, how do I say this kindly, or at least somewhat kindly, they are always looking for Western cash, because that provides legitimacy to whatever business they love. They would love for Westerners to invest in their country most for in large part, because Westerners don't want to see their money evaporate, so they're going to be involved in the investment. So that's the bridge. I look at Holtzman as the bridge between a know nothing, aka and Devin Archer, although Archer is more charming, handsome and intelligent, and then you have these Kazakh by the way, this guy's in prison for treason. Do I consent to the charges that were brought against him? No, but it's just funny that so many foreigners and other people that hunters involved with get pinched by authorities. But that guy hasn't been seen in public since, I think, January of 2023 there was a scuffle in downtown or the capital of Kazakhstan in early 23 and massimov was caught up in the caught up in the net of it,

Speaker 6  2:07:07
another person that is from, and I'm giving you, by the way, this is there's hardly any articles on Holtzman. You'll find, when you search his name, you'll find the Biden laptop emails database that we put together, and you'll find our report on him. But there's a lot of Republicans in the Biden laptop. In fact, of those 51 former spooks that you alluded to, more Republicans were on that list, and Democrats not. Were the first group to talk about that. Now, I'm not saying it's 90 to 10. That's ridiculous, but the breakdown is, I think it's like 27 to 24 in most of them were former George W Bush neocons. They hate Trump almost with the passion they hate Trump with the fervor of a convert. Okay, and so that's one of the key things our dossier lays out. Is Holtzman, you know, ran for the GOP nomination for your governor, for the for the gubernatorial race of this state in 2006 and his daddy. If you go on Seymour holtzman's father, his website, his dad's name, Seymour, go to his website, you'll see a bunch of pictures of him grinning with Reagan, right? So what we're exposing is not just Democrat corruption. Yes, that is a large part of it. And they yes, they hate Jesus and they're terrible human beings, but we are about exposing the rot in the uni party, or, as Joe oldman said, the fraternity, and that is that is well laid out in the Biden laptop. People you don't even think would know Hunter are in the emails, another person that is in this dossier that's related to Colorado is a guy who actually has an active warrant out for his arrest in Pitt can County today. His name is Dan Burrell. He moved up here from Santa Fe after his work. First wife left him for hookers and blow, same reason Hunter's first wife left him, and Dan Burrell is actually getting a divorce from the second wife that he met in Colorado, and as part of these in a bunch of civil lawsuits have since transpired because he isn't paying anybody. He's about 100 million in debt. He he has a warrant now, since May 13. So PSA, if you know of Daniel, Costco, cost Grove Burrell, who has a home in Aspen, it's getting foreclosed upon, but for this moment, he has a home in Aspen. There's an active warrant for his arrest. I think it is incumbent, if you have any information, to call the Pitkin County Sheriff's Office. When he lived in Santa Fe the de facto Chief of Staff at the White House, known as Hunter Biden, also known as the smartest man the US president knows from a period, from a pure intellectual capacity. That's what he said, from a pure intellectual capacity. Hunter stated Dan Burrell's palatial estate in the hills of Santa Fe with Secret Service in tow. So. This guy. So I'm not coming up here and making fun of some little guy, right? Some PIP tweet, no. Dan Burrell hosted a hunter with the Secret Service at his 8000 square foot home in the Santa Fe hills. There's an active warrant for his arrest. He's in the Biden laptop. He was involved with this group called Rosemont Realty, and they basically sold this real estate group to the chai coms called Gemini for a 25% premium. And they manage commercial real estate all across the country. Dan Burrell living in Picken County, the last one relating to Colorado. And then I'll wrap up my remarks, because I like to whet people's appetite by and if you go to the e reader, where our physical copies are on back order. We have a new fourth printing edition. I love it dearly. This is the physical copy we've sold out. But you can go and click the purchase button if you want, but I suggest you all keyword search those things which interest you first. So if I were you and I lived in Colorado, go take a look at Kazakhstan first, because somebody in your backyard was instrumental with Hunter Biden committing FARA violations with said country, the last lady grew up here. Her name's Laura dimlo. She works at a satanic organization known as Sisa, which is part of the Department of Homeland Security. Absolutely terrible. It's one of the worst bills that DJT. My former boss's boss, by the way, Peter Navarro was mentioned earlier. I worked directly under Peter for two years. He's in the federal penitentiary right now for defying a subpoena from an unlawful committee. First presidential adviser in US history to serve a prison sentence for contempt of Congress. Eric Holder, nothing came of it. Merrick Garland, the Gremlin that he is, was just held in contempt. No consequences whatsoever. Merrick Garland decided that it wasn't a legitimate subpoena, ergo, nothing happened to him. So he but thank God. Peter gets out on his 75th birthday, July, 15, and then he's going to fly, fly right to Milwaukee. Peter would be a great Chief of Staff for DJT, and my dream is to come back and theoretically, just dismantle the Intel agencies. So the the in, the reason why I bring up that is because Laura dimlo is related to that. That's why I bring this up. Is not to talk about myself or Peter. You know about Peter, but Laura dimlo was the head of a division at Sisa, and the commute from from FOIA and other means we we have a lot of her emails from the time period in question relating to that October 13 to October 30 period when the New York Post broke the story, right? I didn't get the copy of the device till till December, and then another one in January, because I was at the White House at the time. But Laura dimlo said it was her civic duty to censor because, quote, critical thinking appears to be a problem right now. So somebody from your state, and her last her surname is spelled D, E, H, M, L, O, W, she's in our report. Just search dimlo. She's lived in DC, total swamp rat, lived in DC for the better part of two decades. She her, she worked with the social media companies, and we go through this about I write about 15 pages alone on the suppression campaign, but you had stooges like Lord dimlo and other people working with the social media companies to throw cold water on the contents. By the way, not one email has proven to be debunked, not a single one, and these people can show their face in public. Hunter's wife lost her school. I was sitting calmly at his trial in Delaware a month ago, where he got convicted on all three counts. His wife comes up to me during a break and said, You have no right to be here. You f and Nazi POS. So that's what the President's daughter in law thinks of you, because I'm no different than you. Any citizen can observe criminal proceedings, but in the warped mind that is the Biden clan, if they don't like you, that is enough due process afforded to you to exit you from the building. It's absolutely disgusting. It's an abomination. And remember that everything you see in this report, if you choose to go through it, remember that this, according to the American First Lady, is what decency is all about. So if you want to vote for decency on the ballot, in fact, we bought that other $5 domain name. If you go to decency ontheballot.com it'll take you to this dossier right here, along with here's Hunter com. So in conclusion, Marco Polo, and you can find our site by going to this dossier. In conclusion, Marco Polo is one part private investigative group. One of our board members is a licensed pi. It's one. Heart opposition research group, and it's one part professional shitster, and we take each part equally seriously. And for those efforts, we have been sued by the sugar brother for the US President's son, Kevin Morris, the caveman looking figure who you might have seen hitting a huge Bong on the side of his mansion. He sued us in April of 2023 for $60 million he is 61 years old, and he sued us for intentional infliction of emotional distress. He also has an estate here in Colorado on belly ache road out in Woolcott, Wolcott, W O, W O, L, C O, T, T, belly, acrod, yeah, it's one of his seven homes. So He is suing me, and I could have my third daughter any hour now, I'm on call going back to go back to Illinois, the American first family and their benefactors and Confederates and CO conspirators believe that they have suffered emotional distress because we publish the contents of their decrepit Black Sheep son's laptop, and therefore I should be bankrupt. This is what these people believe. It's absolute demented behavior. And I appreciate your attention. We are going to be going across the way. I'm going to, I'm going to do a western swing sometime in September. Be doing Oregon, Washington, and I'll do an I'll do a another swing in the east coast, but I'll be going to all 50 states by the time of november 5. And I really appreciate you guys, you know, looking into this. This this is one of the biggest scandals of the 21st century. This is the most degenerate. Remember, Joey approved of all of this. It's not like Joey said, hey, guess what? My son made a lot of mistakes. We're proud of him, but he's in a cabin in Montana doing his doodles. It's not what he said. He said he's the smartest man he knows from a pure intellectual capacity. It's absolutely egregious, so we cannot give them any free passes, and I appreciate your attention. God bless you.

Speaker 1  2:17:11
Oh yeah, round of applause, standing ovation. Look at it. That's awesome. You know, the opposition that he's that he's battling with, is pure evil, right from the pit of hell. And so we really appreciate what he's doing for all of us. And wasn't that interesting that we don't have to wait 30 or 40 or 50 years to have this declassified Hunter declassified it when he left it and it went public. So we're very thankful that we can know this now, because knowledge is powerful if you apply that knowledge properly. So to get some more knowledge that we can apply, baymon Monte,

Speaker 3  2:18:01
Okay, folks, they say you should save the best for last, right? I did. I didn't know I was going to be you thought that was good. This part is going to be the best part. Okay, here we go. Those who pay tribute to the beast. Worship the beast. Is that true statement? We pay tribute to kings and pharaohs, right? IRS rhymes with it's really slavery, or it's really Satan, you choose, right? Is it accidental? And let's go back to that. See, instead of worshiping the beast, drain the swamp. So that's what needs to happen. Okay, to be free is really you gotta basically choose. You gotta let evil control you with fear and deception. Well, that your love of truth in God you know it's going to just lead you to freedom. It's just that simple, and you know, so let's go to next slide now, question authority. It's okay to ask questions filing pay income tax only if your congressman can show you the law that requires you to file and pay income taxes when they can't show you the law. Guess what? You can safely free yourself from Irish deception, robbery and slavery next. Now these petitions, we have three of them, income tax and payroll taxes, and 1090 nines, and they cover the most important parts of the thing, but we got one and for corporations and churches also coming up justification for congressional investigation of unlawful collection of individual income taxes. Okay, so basically, you're right. The Congress and say, Look, I want you to look into this stuff. Either stop the crooks in IRS and DOJ and corrupt judges, or show me where I'm wrong. I'll pay my fair share of taxes. Next slide, and the law is spelled out like you saw I did that, except even better, completely legal essay, like 12 to 18 pages long, perfectly written. I had a proof read by Peter Gibbons our council there. He says, right or wrong? You know, if Peter says, I can't find anything wrong, as a 25 year plus constitutional tax lawyer, I can't find anything wrong. Okay, so we so at the end of the letter, here's what you say, I believe every person should pay their fair share of income taxes according to the law. Okay? And we tell them to show them the law and explain. And then we say, this letter is my self determination of my income tax liability, that I'm not liable to pay federal income tax right in short, next slide. So then at the end, we say, if by reading this letter with officially published interim code and code of federal regulation sections, Supreme Court cases and US Constitution quotes attached, you can show me that I have somehow misinterpreted these statutes, regulations or US Supreme Court decisions, and that I do owe federal income taxes, I will gladly pay all taxes too, and will consider such payment to be my fair share. Now, how can I get more humble than that? Right? Of course, we'll look forward to their timely, specific on point reply these letters go out should go by certified mail, yeah, proof of mailing that you send them out all separately. Okay, so guess how many times a congressman go to next slide has shown us that our petitions are wrong. We've done this 1000 times. 1000s of these petitions have been said by Americans to each of the other three congressmen, all three of them, and not even one congressman, has shown any of us that the that the law that requires the people of the 50 states to file pay federal income taxes. Why do you think that is because there is no law that's right. Requires people That's right. There is no law. Thank you. Next slide, so you won't go to a tax prison. That first fear. I want to go to prison. I don't want to go be a martyr. You go to the fight. I want to be a martyr, right when you don't file a bank of tax by following US government's official legal websites and yet petition your congressman to correct you if you are wrong. Next, very simple, I'll show it to you you cannot be convicted of will fulfill to file a 10 for income tax confession trap form from form charters when you can show that you have relied on the official legal websites of US government to conclude that you are not required to file and pay federal income self employment or payroll taxes, you wrote to federal lawmakers asking whether they can show you that you are in error and show you the law that requires you to file and pay federal income taxes, and your federal lawmakers were unable to assure that you are error, very simple, nothing complex. Next, see, the sixth amendment of this constitution hit it again. Guys. What does it say? In part, in all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to speedy and public trial by an impartial jury. Read it again. There you go, trial by jury. So special America, England doesn't happen like America anymore. We got it from England, but we do it still, right? They don't over there. Next slide. So and a jury trial. See in a criminal case, the evidence upon which a jury are justified in finding a verdict of guilty Keep going guys must be sufficient to satisfy them of the prisoners guilt beyond the Reasonable Doubts, if you don't put somebody on a electrical chair for murder. Okay, or torture or whatever horrible thing, or taxes at the same level of proof. Criminal cases beyond a reasonable doubt, there is no doubt that they're reasonable, that the guy's guilty, right? That's key next. So if they want to put you in prison, they could try to come after you. Tile 26 crimes and other offenses and forfeitures. Click again. Section 7201, attempt to evade or defeat tax, any person who will fully attempts in any manner to evade or defeat any tax in prison more than not one more than five years, willfully is the key word in tax crimes. They have to prove you willfully intended to not pay taxes the next okay, you see it again in 7203, will fulfill to file a return. Right? Any person required under this title who willfully fails, right, defile, return, supply information or pay tax. Should I be in prison no more than one year? You see, willfully? Is there again next? And this is a Supreme Court case of cheek versus us, 1991 this is the key case on criminal tax trial standards for what's willful means next Okay, willfulness as construed by our prior decisions, well known in criminal case tax cases requires the government to prove that the law imposed a duty On the defendant that the defendant knew of this duty and that he voluntarily and intentionally violated that duty. The key things are, they have to prove that the law imposed the duty on defendants by the way that part the crooked judges get around it easy. Oh yeah. Peter Gibbons will tell you been in court. Say, Judge, have the government show the law requires my client to file income tax. At first the judge may say, oh, okay, government lawyer going and prove it. The government lawyer comes back empty handed and hems and haws, and maybe they extend another hearing. Eventually, the judge says, Okay, you can go on. Don't worry about it. Covers up for the prosecutors, that part they can get away with, but they can get over the other parts that the defendant knew of this duty, whoa, that petitions kills that element right there. You wrote petitions humbly to your lawmakers, respectfully. Here's the law I'm following from US government's official legal websites, not some opinions, some CP, attorney, no, no, directly from the high source of law the government,

Speaker 3  2:28:11
as clearly shows, I'm not required to file income tax. I wrote about lawmakers, they wrote the law and quote the law and attached them at the back for ease of the congressman who knew the law anyways. But I thought, let's be a nice guy, have it attached. Told me to stop the crooks and governments show me where I'm wrong. I will humbly pay my fair share of taxes, right? That shows and you do it by certified mail, good intent. You believe you do not have a duty to file income tax, right? Clearly. I mean, that's proof. That's proof it's not just opinion, or maybe you proves you do not know. You do not know of any duty for having a tax right there that don't pass go, don't collect 200 governments cases lost. They could have whip convict you, right there. Case closed. But even after that, and they gotta show that you voluntarily and intentionally, deliberately violated that duty that you believed you had. What you did was even through the process of sinning about 150 pages of legal paperwork to lawmakers by certified mail, humming, saying yes, stop the crooks and governments or show me where I'm wrong. There's no way they can do this thing and convince the. Are 12 regular citizens beyond the reasonable doubt this level of proof can they? No, I've talked to lawyers who do refuse to look at this stuff, and they say, oh, paper, you're wrong. You're wrong. The courts are corrupt. Courts are corrupt. Judges can do whatever they want to do. Judges, judges, judges, judges, judges, corrupt judges. Don't you get plan for that. This is how you get around the judges, by being smarter, by taking several steps ahead next so and remember, in all of our petitions, we attach the law, including the case of Gould versus Gould, nine to zero, unanimous tax case, where the Court said that in tax laws, nothing is assumed, nothing is there, if it's not specifically pointed out, the 50 states are not part of the United States definitions for income taxes, payroll taxes, and in case the Dow the tax dollars are construed or understood most strongly against the government and in favor of the citizen not being taxed. The jury's gonna see that he part. It's part of your petitions. If they're dumb enough to come after you, you just gotta just tell the jury about this. Even the crooked judge says doesn't let the them see that. That's enough for the jury to say, we didn't see the petitions, just lawmakers, but he did say he wrote them, I want to see the petitions judge, whereas the petitions he sent by certified mail, the judge, at that time cannot keep it out the jury's eyes, because the jury will figure it out that crooked judge, what he now Let us see his petitions. He's letters to congressmen, right? So next slide, so I'm not sure the case of this guy, Whitey Herald Illinois, was charged with not paying state taxes. Illinois false federal laws when it comes to income taxes, definition is everything. They try to put him in prison and he did. He relied on court cases and law books in his folder, not like us, so good, easy, but some elementary form of this kind of thing. They trapped him in prison and it failed. They jury acquitted him because he did something very similar to this process, not as good as ours. Now, it's foolproof, and he won. Let's play that white Harold.

Speaker 7  2:32:46
He was being tried for four counts of not filing his income tax. Okay? And our question was, well, what is to decide either he did or he didn't? It never occurred to us that he might actually be innocent, while at the same time not filing in the federal government. It is not a felony not to file taxes. Finally, they said, Okay, if we're going to get this guy, we're going to have to put it in the state. They called up the IRS agent, Agent Craner, crane

Unknown Speaker  2:33:22
Yeah. Robert crainer,

Unknown Speaker  2:33:25
this is Ken Doherty. He's also an investigator with the Law Department of Revenue request for a copy of the delegation and authority order, right? And I talked to my boss about that, and he said that my badge is that the authority do.

Speaker 7  2:33:44
It Right. Last question that the defense asked him was, did you write any of this down? An agent, Craner looked right at him and right at us, and he said, I never wrote anything down. And yet, when we saw the video there, he was writing notes, you know, and so I'm thinking, Okay, at this point, the judge is supposed to say, Agent Craner, it is clear that you have committed perjury. It It wasn't even noticed. It finally came to the climax. Mr.. Harold looked right at the prosecutor, and he said, I will tell you the same thing I have told over and over again to government officials. You show me the law that requires me to file a tax return and I'll be glad to do it. What was the requirement

Unknown Speaker  2:34:42
that you claim and were required to do yourself?

Unknown Speaker  2:34:46
And the requirement under the

Unknown Speaker  2:34:48
regulations is,

Unknown Speaker  2:34:51
what section my

Unknown Speaker  2:34:52
question to you is,

Unknown Speaker  2:34:54
what particular act are we discussing here

Unknown Speaker  2:34:56
when I am liable to do these things if

Unknown Speaker  2:34:58
you plan on liable to. It your exact

Speaker 1  2:35:00
question would be again, okay, what is the section that what? But I guess I'm still not understanding your question. That's Mr. Harold,

Unknown Speaker  2:35:11
well, you must be in familiar with

Unknown Speaker  2:35:14
what gives you that you have the police powers to enforce,

Speaker 7  2:35:22
the prosecutor absolutely ignored him, and he started slandering Mr. Harrell just started attacking his character. They're calling us taxis. They're calling us fanatics. They're calling us widows. I don't care what you call me, but I have one question, where is the law? Can't

Unknown Speaker  2:35:45
let this turn into a rational debate, because

Speaker 3  2:35:47
if they do, they lose it. So they have to insult people

Unknown Speaker  2:35:51
and say it's frivolous. We

Speaker 7  2:35:52
felt like that there was an overall arrogance and that they were railroading mr.. Harrell and wanting us to participate. Judge Coogan, he looked right at us, and he said, I will instruct the jury according to the law. We were sent to deliberation. The judge promised us that he would give us the law. And we looked and we looked and it was not there. We wrote a note to the judge asking for a copy of the law. 10 minutes later, we get a note back. You have everything you need, but there was no law, and he had promised us. At that point, I felt betrayed. I felt like this man promised us the law, and that's what this whole thing is about, the law, we request it, and he still denies us

Unknown Speaker  2:36:45
the law. And the reason they didn't do it was why, as

Speaker 7  2:36:49
there is no law, remember, we're talking about the Illinois state law here, okay, which is a law in Illinois. So we got out that law, and we read it several times, and I said, Okay, wait, wait, wait, you know, because they kept saying, but this is law in Illinois. And I said, Look at the beginning of the it says anyone required to file a federal income tax return is required to file an Illinois tax return. I said, if it is true that he's not required to file a federal return, then that nullifies the Illinois law two people that they kept saying, but he's going to get by with it. And I said, What is he getting by with, but his rights. If there is no law, he's not breaking a law, he's just standing on his rights. Are we going to deny him that? That's when this one juror sat back and kind of rolled his eyes, and he said, You mean we don't have to pay taxes?

Speaker 7  2:38:09
All of a sudden, we realized that this trial was much bigger, and the ramifications of this trial were going to be so broad if it actually got out. I mean, it's like, it's like we had just discovered this great government secret, and so when we came out for to look for the delivering of the verdict, the judge was, I'm sure, even at this point, I'm sure he still thought we would pass given guilty verdict. And the reason I say that is because of the look on his face when the first not guilty was red, his face just turned white. I mean, it's like, I don't believe this. The second time you could hear people out in the audience, just in the courtroom, you know, just going, wow, you know. And the judge is just getting red in the face, and he was just livid, and the judge got up and left. I sat there, and I thought, This truly is a victory for the people, and I have never felt more patriotic, and I knew that we had done the right thing. I looked at that man, Mr. Harrell, and I thought, the system might not work all the time, but this time for that man, it did,

Unknown Speaker  2:39:39
in november 2004 the government arrested

Speaker 3  2:39:44
so, so what I told you guys is not just theory, it practice. It has worked and will work. Okay, have we had done a better job of publicizing that stuff this evening? Been over a long time ago, but we didn't do a very good job. Did we as a move? But to get that kind of information out there, we need to do that now, don't we, so I need you ask yourself question, are you a modern day founding fathers of America? Because all the stuff I told you you could do, anybody could do for free. You can do that. Stop filing banking taxes. You will not go to prison and actually be non files alone if you want to do that. Hallelujah. Go for it. Stop feeding the beast. Okay? Because you lost your fear with knowledge, true, truth, right? So let's next slide. So since you are a marathon America's Founding Fathers, well, for marada, founding fathers of America, the privilege of 100% guarantees available. You could enjoy 100% guarantee when you legally stop filing at pay income taxes, as long as you're a member of restore or go back a member of the restore freedom plan, Freedom Law School will prevent the ash from leaving your money or freedom law school will reimburse you, and you will not go to prison. Before I get to that, I gotta add something else. The founding fathers did this, by the way, they wrote petitions to King of England about the abuses that he did with them. You want to see a list read the Declaration of Independence. Most of it is all the petitions, evaluation of the rights of the king. Did you did this to us? You did that to us. The King of England ignored them. So what did the founding fathers do? They said, No more taxes for you. We're not going to voluntary support a usurper provides our rights. You're not there to secure our liberties. You're the violating our rights. See, we do the same thing, aren't we exact same thing. Now this process relies upon a second principle, and that is what Benjamin Franklin told the founding fathers. He said, Gentlemen, we shall hang together, or we shall surely hang separately. Yep. So now if everybody here live and online watching we join hands, stop feeding the criminal gangsters in DC, bring back billions and billions back. I'm not out of millions. No, I'm talking billions with a B, okay, now we get an arsenal of freedom, not just to fund our families, but to beat the crooks. I'll talk about that in more detail. Next, next slide. Let's see what happened at Soviet Union. Okay, but Mika, but Soviet Union collapsed from within because you could not approve it. An IRS is a communist entity. No one owns the IRS. All IRS employees are owners of the IRS, and no one's responsible, because they all get paid the same. No skid off my back. I get paid the same without doing a good job or bad job. That is all communism works, isn't it? You see why Iris is from within, imploding, just like a Soviet Union imploded, and none of us thought that at the time. You guys are old enough, like me, most of you that Soviet Union would implode like it did. None of us imagined it this powerful dictatorship, and that was much more powerful than the America, the corrupt people in America that are ruling the deep stated elites, right? They're weaker than Soviet was that fell apart. And then this little short thing by AP gives you a thing about the power of the people. What it takes, please

Speaker 7  2:44:12
a larger than life Boris Yeltsin defying communist hardliners from the top of a tank, the iconic image proved crucial in undermining their coup attempt. 20 years ago,

Unknown Speaker  2:44:24
the whole world was broadcasting that footage, and as it turned out, factor, it was one of the key factors of the defeat of the coup plotters and of our victory.

Speaker 7  2:44:39
Members of a group called the live circle had defended the White House, the seat of the newly elected Russian president's government from the communists back in 1991

Speaker 8  2:44:50
stuff berwy. For me personally, it was the first time in my country that I had the possibility to choose my government. Keep the taxi, and then these miserable people tried to take it away. So I went to defend, first of all that right, that I got more than anything else, the

Speaker 7  2:45:15
communists had tried to use the military to block a treaty grounding Russia and other Soviet Republics their sovereignty, a move springing from reforms brought in by the man they put under house arrest who'd been leading the Soviet Union at the time, Mikhail Gorbachev. But there was no civil war. The coup collapsed. The Soviet Union broke apart, and the mood in Moscow was one. Yeltsin throughout what

Unknown Speaker  2:45:39
happened brought in market. Let's go

Speaker 3  2:45:41
next slide. You know what happened? You know what happened? However, young man,

Unknown Speaker  2:45:46
unpopular triumph over that's

Speaker 3  2:45:51
what we gotta do here. Every one of us gotta participate. We all stop paying the beast right, and we all work together. So that's what field Law School has created a mechanism for every one of you here, live and online, to do exactly that, but not paying the income tax that you never owed in the first place. Don't say, Oh, I'm going to stop paying my taxes. Wrong. I'm going to stop paying taxes that I never legally owed in the first place. God, the difference tell that's important to get that to your mind. When we talk to a friend relative, they get that too. Okay? You stop voluntarily support of your deep state enemies, IRS, DOJ, FBI, CDC, FDA, and more, to store freedom and prosperity for you, your family America and save American lives. Next, labs next. The plan is simple, total swamp, the criminal gangsters, your enemies, keep 70% of what you would have paid your enemies in DC, and 30% contribute to restore freedom. Plan. Next slide, the money that stop you, that stop voluntary giving to the Washington DC swamp could be used to bear the life of your family now, such as paying off credit card and other debts. Three out of five Americans are right now in debt to credit card companies paying over 20% interest. That's right. One out of four Americans used credit cards for necessities like food and gas. We make up slaves of banksters because we just let our money go to swamp in DC, but no longer we can pay off your debts. Eat better quality food, better health care, better schooling for your children, vacations, whatever you want. Save money for emergencies, buying a nicer car, home, retirement. Could you be to your church, at our freedom oriented organization, or your favorite honor? Statesman? Please get elected in office? Yes. Now let me elaborate on that issue. Let's talk about churches. First, the churches, as I said, become under the terminal code DC, corporations under section 501, c3, or 508, you know? And they think, Oh, they gotta protect that, you know? I got, I got, right? I talked to a lady in Montana. She has a Christian church that teaches at the at the Christian school uses the facility, and the new pastor thinks, well, we cannot rent it to you until you know you become a five one c3, non profit, because you know you not non profit, and we don't want to risk our own non profit status as a five, one, c3, yeah, I fellow churches have become but there's no need. Churches are free. They were deceived by the same lawyers. Okay, that deceived the rest of us. So the church can go. If you're any pastor, will partake 100% 100% the church. You say, What do you want to say? Do what you want to do. You're free. All we want from you is let us talk to the pew, talk to congregation, so that didn't have to pay income tax. Now they can give their tithing to you that most Americans can't afford to give. Right? How about getting our favorite understatement on there people like Ron Paul right? Good people when you get sheriffs and prosecutors. To arrest employers who steal from employees paychecks. That's right, put them on trial. That's conversion. That's theft. I was under Richard Mack, my friend, constitutional and Peace Officers Association. How do you know Richard? Mack, yeah, call Richard my friends, and I'm going to be speaking this event, hopefully with Joe Banister. He wants Joe banter to speak. He's a friend of me speaking, but not Joe, okay? And some look, with the money, make him get these sheriffs elected that are good people. That's what we need, don't we? Sheriffs are the peoples the answers, but we're going to support them, District Attorney's prosecutors, same thing right now. We got a guy, Anthony Hudson, in Michigan, running for Congress, and he's got a winnable race. He's in Flint area, the Democrats not running. The rhino lost twice to the Democrats. Previously, a Democrat is running as a Republican. He's the only Patriot guy out there. He, on his own, said to everybody in a Tiktok video, we all gotta stop income taxes. They can't get all of us. He said that we're viral. I came across him, put it out with my freedom hospital on there. He called me, Paymon, you did this thing. My video. Great. Thank you. I said, Thank you. I've been looking to get with you. We are funding his election, and so we right now, for example, we got 3% we're allowing you right now in this election season to give 100% of your money to him, or maybe other approved statesmen like him, that running for office will give 100% credit towards your membership. Just now, election season is right now, see, because it's not for me, not for payment to get rich. I'll live a comfortable life as it is. Honestly I do, okay, it's like a big stomach and I eat, but I want so that's going to really work. We're going to be doing that, folks, and you're going to be taking part of that next. So the 30% of what you've been giving to the deep state enemies and you give to restore freedom, plan will support true news broadcast just to inform you what is really going on that affects you, your property, your life, and frees you and not enslave and hurt you. We have supported Frank speech and also conservative daily, that's right, we have to support this. Thank you. These borders, Stu Peters and others will support folks. These guys need funding. Okay, we got the truth and the people and they got the lies and the money to push the lies on us, right? So you could support freedom lawsuits to protect your freedoms and property in life right now, what's good on Latina? She's been prosecuted, right? We need more lawyers to be able to help her beat her case, right? And we want to sue the crooks, right? Yeah, it takes money, okay? Looking for young lawyers to train to go to law school. I'm going to fund those young men's law school to go to his lawsuits. Okay? And as a support election of freedom office holders to represent you in government, instead hurting you as a slave of the corrupt elite that own the major media, major banks and corporations, so that you may live your life as a free person. Freedom laws to all you, above for you and with you next and what you get is unlimited consultation, morality charge, unlimited help that writing and any other paperwork that needs to be created for communication with IRS or the Federal Tax government entity, state income tax related government agencies, threat parties such as employers, all done for you. Unlimited, no charge, no extra charge. If the participation of a CPA and or attorney is required, Freedom Law School will cover these expenses for our restore freedom plan, members, remember, zero additional cost to you. Take what you paid to swamp, keep 70% 30% to protect you and restore freedom. So that's for all of you as individuals. How many people here have employees or employees within. Boys can't see. Show hands. Anybody? Employees of employees, just couple of you. Well, it's important that you guys, three, four, good you guys are extra important because there's a famous saying that people are enslaved by masses, but are freed one by one. And sadly, it's a true statement. We want to do that in mass, like the founding fathers did. And to do that, we'd have employers free their slaves, their employees. Now we're going to get, you know, 550-500-5000,

Speaker 3  2:55:41
employees freed up in mass. Okay, though. So guess what's gonna happen? Zero withholding of federal income taxes from your employees, zero federal payroll taxes. FICA, this end the employer or employee half, none of that has to go out of their pocket. All stays within a company and your employees. And your employees, that's about 25 to 45% of their payroll, typically about 1/3 that's a lot million dollar payroll means $330,000 roughly, goes to the swamp. That's a lot of money. Okay, all we have to do say, Join the employee freedom plan. You got to be a member, first, as an individual, and then contribute just 5% of your payroll to the employee freedom plan and be free of all federal payroll income taxes with 100% guarantee for you and your employees who has anything like that out there next due to all these tax savings that your company never owed in the first place, your company will have happier, more loyal employees, they can be tax free at the competition. If the guys, you guys making 20 bucks an hour, right, his effective take home pays about 17 three bucks an hour, $120 a week. That's about $500 a month. See, for the guy that makes 20 bucks now that's not nice. Big change. Pay off the credit cards. They love you, they appreciate you for treating them so good, and you have a big financial advantage over your competition, especially against bigger in the system competitors who fund and benefit from DC swamp by the political campaign donations. Yeah, for example, Home Depot off and Lowe's killed all mama paw hardware stores in a day. Guess what we did? Lots of hardware stores in America who don't take from the employees of themselves. Now you're more comparative than Lowe's at Home Depot, those bigger corporations, you see that because they have the enslaved employees you don't you have a lot less cost. You have a big advantage over them. You will grow exponentially because your profit margin is a lot higher, okay, your employees are much happier and loyal to you. Stay with you work harder for you, and you'd be able to make even bigger contributions and extra freedom, prosperity and a limited federal government of by and for we, the American people. It's all clicking in now, next, now, last step is also optional, as all the steps are spread the word. Your freedom opportunity get paid for each American. You educate and set free from our oppression and help defund the deep state next now you legally defund the swamp. Oh, no, go back. I gotta go back to that. So in short, here's what it is. If you tell somebody about us, we give you 25% of that person's first year membership. It's an annual membership, by the way, it's 30% what you would have paid the IRS that year. For example, if you owe the IRS one year 10,000 you keep 7003 1000 to the restore freedom plan. If you Irish next year a lot more, make a lot more money. Or the IRS 100,000 you keep 70,003 1000 to restore freedom plan every year. It's a separate membership. Minimum is 2000 okay? And so everybody can afford 2000 minimum membership and and then payment plan, thank you. A payment plan. Yes, you can make payment plan, which make payments also to get going. Thank you. It's very. Important so and we refer somebody 25% what their first year membership is credited toward your membership. But if you join first, even with the payment plan, we give you 50% credit toward your membership, and then we pay you cash. That's right, cash, gold or crypto. Okay? All tax free, by the way, no w2 no 10, nine, Nines either. So what a great way to make a living. I see all these wonderful senior citizens. Half this audience is on Social Security. After all, your social security, people should be free to borrow yours. They made us poor, dependent so many citizens on Social Security, which the communist socialist system by, by just telling others. Tell your children, grandchildren, nieces, nephews, everybody you know, we can get away from this source listing system altogether. Don't eat it, okay, and fund freedom. So that's a great way to get paid. I mean, that's why garnish Wallace. Back in 92 I thought I was 29 I said, the money we don't pay them. I have. I can catch up with my you know, I'll be better off. Actually, I didn't pay income tax in anyways. You know, I was 1099 I couldn't, I couldn't live if I, if I paid income tax on that 1099 income I had, so I didn't, I didn't get car insurance either. I somehow evaded car insurance laws also, because I couldn't afford it. Seriously, young people are poor, generally speaking, right? So, you know, we with with this anyhow, every membership, and I've had people that refer other people, the guy saved over 300,000 his membership was 140,000 and their friend got 70,000 half of that. Everybody's happy, win, win. So we have our brochures. We go, let me brochures. Oh, we just have one. Can you get the simple brochures? Girls, for me, you gotta get our free store freedom brochures and and pass them out to everybody, you know. Okay, wait, you got one? Yeah, I'll let you share it. Restore freedom. Brochures began right on the back it says 90% of Americans are not required to fall and pay federal income taxes. Open inside nice, professionally done brochure. Bottom left, it is. You can put your name and phone number. We will give you a private seven digit number. Hand it out in front of supermarkets. Any of you on Social Security retired your job for freedom, I hereby anoint all of you senior citizens. Paul Reveres, drain the swamp, just go to your boat. Don't be taxed. To criminals. And you're gonna get some people looking at just like rolling their eyes or walking away, right? But some people are gonna say, oh, it looks interesting. Where is that? What you got? You tell them to say, Oh yeah, that's a good idea, by the way, I haven't paid income tax for a few years myself. People will admit that to you, the 80 million non filers that will approach you, okay, oh man, I paid too much taxes already, folks, it's a numbers game, right? It's everything a numbers game. You're gonna get one out of 10, whatever say I'm interested, and you're gonna have fun like me to restore freedom. I love helping people live free. I love for every one of you to have your life the way you want it, the way you dream. You'll have to be you can have it, not some crooked DC garbage telling you how to do your life, but the way you dream of it. God gave you that choice, and you should have that choice for you to stay and have fun doing it. People. Thank me. I feel good. I've done my what I feel like I want to be well, that's what I'm about. If you like that feeling, you can have it when you see somebody's eyes open up with Whoo, amazing, and follow up with them right text it to your friends, family members, first, spouse, children, parents, grandchildren, nieces, nephews, coworkers, Tom. Look, here's a nine minute video. The first video on the law on our website is only nine minutes. Say, Hey, look at this. This is amazing. Can you show this guy is wrong? Don't get back with you next day. Say, did you see on your way to work? We'll see you today. I'll really appreciate your. Foot if I'm wrong, because you're such a smart person, I like to hear your input. Boost the ego, right? They're smarter than you. That's all you gotta do. Folks, email it. Social media. Folks, we can the word out there, really are. I was surprised, but how many of you tell me, pay mom? I've heard buddy way back then. Or the person says, Oh, the guy I get my milk from, his father knows about you. Really, you get milk from this guy's father knows about me, yeah, like I already heard about you. They were getting out our youtube channel was YouTube channel was closed by the iris, about, I'm sorry, by that YouTube two years ago,

Speaker 3  3:05:43
like we start a new one. That's because we're making a difference. That's why they closed it down. So anyhow, let's go Next slide. Folks, it's up to you restore freedom. We got the horse that's you tell the truth and arm the American people with the truth of the law to have America, our families restored and our churches restored. Next, as I said in, the membership is 2,025% down. So if you, if you low income, your membership is 2000 fine. Put 500 down and start handing out our brochures. Okay, next page. Next one. You can pass that. Yes, I know. I know. I know I know about it. I know I'll announce it. I know I know free, weekly freedom hour broadcast every Tuesday at 7pm Eastern, watch on the on these platforms, okay, check us out everywhere. Okay, and and tell the truth, empower them next. And our website is freedom, law school, org. Now, let me tell you something else. Too often we rely on one man to restore freedoms. I know okay. And the thing is that folks, American Revolution was not by George Washington or Thomas Jefferson or Brad Franklin, and Trump is not going to be the one guy doing it. Okay. There should be many of us. I know I would know, okay, yeah, I know we all gotta take part. Everyone must have to be a Trump. Some of you heard, unfortunately, the bad the bad news, Trump just got shot. He's okay. He's okay. Oh, fine. Okay, well, good, good. I'm glad to hear that. I'm glad to hear that, yeah, they killed John F Kennedy because he was a good guy. He was not crook like his Vice President Johnson, who was the total crook and criminal, right? So I'm glad he's good, good. Thank God, amen. But guess what? Trump's going to need us, amen. And guess what Trump said few weeks ago, maybe we should go to an import tax instead of income and payroll taxes. Guess who's been saying that for decades, we in the Tax Freedom Movement. Go back to Thomas Jefferson's time. His greatest accomplishment, he said, was there was no internal taxes. Federal Government was run by tax on imports and still on federal lands. We can drain the swamp. Okay, which is going to be the ones that get it started, get going. Okay. Now, let me answer some of your frequently asked questions, state taxes. Most states fall. Eight states don't have any state income tax, like Florida, Texas, Tennessee, New Hampshire, you know, Alaska, Montana, no, not at South Dakota, Nevada, Alaska, mission, but most cities that do have state income tax follow federal, including Colorado. So if you don't know federal, you'll know federal car income tax either recovery. We do all the work for state income taxes for you, but we don't necessarily protect you for state 100% unless you ask and pay a little bit extra for that. That option is available. Buying a home. Buying a home is you don't need a tax return to buy home. You don't most agents out there do not know how to do without tax return, but you can on our website, I have a video on that topic. You can buy home without a tax return. Okay? And. The common question comes up, Richard grant, what happened to him when you look us up, Richard Grant was the guy that came with us, but before us, he went to other people and will their method stop paying income tax after being with us for a while, he got charged and him his lawyer were supposed to work with me. I had done petitions like that based upon Joseph Barnes, just history with the IRS, how he confronted them. They were great. They would have won him. But neither grant nor his lawyer work with us. Judge let him come to Florida to see his mom. He was in California. Says, come see me. I can prepare you guys go over things. He calls me and says, payment. I'm sorry. Took a little too long to see my mom. I can't come see you. Thinking what? You're not doing me a favor. It's just for you to be free. You gotta make the time come see me. He chose not to. I went to trial, and I was hoping that this lawyer would bring these petitions I had written for him, but because I was a witness, potentially, I was outside, I could not see it. And then the lawyer wanted me to talk about some summons work for I did for him, and I felt like I don't know if this guy's gonna do it right, but I gotta do what I can for our students. I gotta trust this older attorney, Bill Cohan, that he knows what he's doing. Hopefully he'll have my student be free. I shouldn't have. I knew more than Bill Quran, the attorney, because I found out when I went back after I just said I went back, asked his wife those petitions that we did about your banister, confront the Irish about where's the law? Did I come out just Oh, yes, they did. Oh, they asked him about it. Yeah. They said, Did you expect any answers? That's, oh, good. What did what did he say? The prosecutor asked, as Richard grant, when he wrote the petitions, about is Joe Barnes. The real is he fraud? Why does He say, as a former gun carrying criminal agent Noah requires you to file income tax, right? Oh, thank you. I need, I need a pickle juice, guys, okay, in that black thing. So the pickle juice in that, in that black container, yeah. So they asked him, did you expect the answer from your Congressman? The answer should be, of course, they work for me. What would I write a letter to get no answer get ignored. Of course, I'm going to answer. I expect the answer show up. If your parents is real or fraud, is he right or wrong? Right? I but his answer was not really, but my heart sank, maybe not really. Of course you do, and that's why he lost him, and his lawyer failed to work with me. But guess what freedom law school has our counsel? You heard from him, Peter. Peter Gibbons, over 25 years, constitutional tax attorney, other lawyers under Larry Becraft, others who freedom law school will pay in full for your defense, and these gentlemen are ready and happy to defend you and his petitions in a core law before a jury and have you win if the government's dumb enough to come after you, thank you. They won't Okay. Thank you. So the other common questions, let's see, we got time for question answers. Actually. We actually have a few minutes. You want to get the microphone down for question answers. Guys from the back, yeah. If you ask questions, bring out to prediction here, bring it up to next to K Ross, come up here this. And if you have questions, I'll take a question about personal time. By the way, we accept cash, crypto and gold, no banking, okay?

Speaker 1  3:14:21
Anyone with a question that would help to benefit the entire group, please come on up here and we'll ask the question, because we're live streaming too, so we don't want to just be so far away. Does that make sense? Yeah. And two

Speaker 3  3:14:33
more things, if you decide for sign in sheet, you and when you sign in, you get 15 minute free consultation with me after you do your homework, watch our videos on our website, talk to my educators at Freedom Law School to answer questions. We want to help you answer questions. So be sure to sign up for that and put what you're interested in, what your interests are, what your concerns are, also to know. Right? We're going to go to a nice restaurant. It's got Ruth's Chris out house. Yeah, it's very nice. Four course dinner. We have only nine tickets available for available for $200 each. If you want to go, come spend time with us. That's available at the front desk to have. You want one of those, we can have dinner together. Ask and ask more questions, so we'll get to know each other more. That's available if you wish. Okay, so with that, let's think I'd

Speaker 1  3:15:24
like to give a report also, because a lot of you are getting distractions from getting notifications that Trump got shot, and that's very disturbing. I saw the video he got shot and it nicked his ear. Okay? Now we all know that would be a death shot, but we all know who's protecting Trump, okay, and and so just nicking his ear is definitely something that he would recover from. Okay? So we wanted you to know, so we put that in context, but tell me, is this more evidence that we have to do this. We have to be here. We need to support him, and God is also protecting him. If you miss that shot, are you kidding? Are you kidding me that? Yeah, I know who bumped the gun. Yeah. Alright. Now we do have our first question, so I wanted to dispel that so that you could listen and pay attention here to hear the questions that may apply to you as well.

Speaker 3  3:16:23
But before going to questions against guys, I want to encourage you remember you will forget much of this because it's too much in one day to absorb. You got to when you get in that car, automatically say, ah, smartphone, put it up, watch your road, listen, get a call, take the call when it's done, get back to the videos. You guys see it again and again and again to absorb it. People tell me, Oh, hey, Mom, I'll be watching your videos. So I talked to them, and I found that you don't know about I'll chat before it gets you in trouble while you're further the IRS. So you haven't gone through step three. Ours is mostly beloved. You haven't watched my videos. You just listen to some freedom hours, my weekly program, here and there and here and there and here and there. Not the systematically book that seven steps on our website, Freedom monster.org, is a book on video and written. Go to the book. I've not published a book because people don't read books anymore.

Unknown Speaker  3:17:27
They don't really want it online, yeah, yeah, online.

Speaker 3  3:17:29
I want to, I want to give me a quick video, uh, just listen to what I drive while exercise, while I do cut flowers in my garden, right? And will your family members, same thing. Don't expect, expect them to sit down all day like you watch this. They won't do it on you, Jay, you use that smartphone, and later, now they get intrigued. Wow. What he says is amazing. I just heard that. I want to see it for myself at dinner or lunch up with my smartphone or personal computer, see, oh, wow, I can verify it all he's right. All right, thank you. So let's go to questions. The first

Speaker 1  3:18:09
question. So that's just curious about I've seen your interview with reacted and Laura Loomer and different people, some of the bigger ones, like Tucker than have you went to him, damn. You know somebody, Ben Shapiro like

Speaker 3  3:18:24
carrot, went to a event in Las Vegas. We paid $25,000 to have dinner with him, with maybe 50 people or so, Tucker, Tucker, I know. And then we told Tucker about freedom of iris, and says, Oh, I don't want to talk to you. He got afraid. He was afraid. That's right, that's the truth. I love tracker Carlson. Don't get me wrong. I support him, but I understand. I'm not holding it against them. He has been deceived about Iris power. You see, he's woken up to the matrix of deception. So far, you went to Newsmax and Breitbart, these other conservative online version, you get so much awakened. You come to Freedom Law School and rabbit hole wide away. Whoa, wide awake. Right? That's what we do. So that's all it was. So we try, we try, and guess what? We're still working. I'm told if I could get 200 with $250,000 I could talk to them one on one. Here's the Florida. So we're gonna raise some funds. Say, Kara's not gonna go sit down Tucker, let's talk. Okay,

Speaker 1  3:19:28
yeah, we're still working on it. I mean, it's like anything else, loosening the lid right, knocking on the door. And did you get it the very first time you were told to No. So we give grace, but at the same time we come around another way and another way and another way. And to where he realizes, wait a minute, this connect the dots, and I need to find out more information. But

Speaker 3  3:19:50
let me ask you a question. How many of you saw us on redacted, with Clayton Morris shorthand, so hold it up. Hold on. Redacted. Okay. Redacted. Clayton Morris, okay. 12345789, How many saws and in four wars with Chase retrieved me, 12345678, now, okay, okay, we're going to redact it because Anthony Hudson, he was on there, and I called him. He got me on there by to go to Anthony Hudson. 2k, 20 four.com, give to his campaign up to three, 300 we'll count it toward your membership. The gentleman back there, he had a candidate that he liked, and he like you, said, I said, you want to give that guy? I checked him out as a good candidate. I said, give it to him. I'll become that toward your membership. Okay, so guys, if you want to get into office right now who you want to give? You pick him. You pick him right now. We give you 100% member. You see, I didn't have, you got it? It's in your pocket already. Just don't give it to the swamp. All right, right. Give it

Speaker 1  3:20:47
to the support. Just support people. That's possible, and that would count toward your membership. Now, do you understand what he means by your membership is to support these here, even paying the support direct. So you got it? Next question,

Unknown Speaker  3:21:00
what count do you know about completely, yes. First

Speaker 9  3:21:03
I wanted to thank you for this very informative workshop. I had several questions. One is, we go to your website and we're going to be able to re listen to what we covered today at some location, at Freedom, law school.org, yes, okay.

Speaker 3  3:21:25
Any trouble, folks, call us. I have educators on the phone happy to guide you through our website. Any problem, nine to six Eastern weekdays, we answer the phone calls for you. Okay,

Speaker 9  3:21:39
so what I understand you're saying is that we know what we what we've made in the past, and what we've paid in the past, so we are to estimate what we're going to make in the following year and pay you that percentage. Is that how it's set up?

Speaker 3  3:21:59
Well, there's no this actually not, not exactly how many people? 2023 file for extension as a show of hands. Guess what? That was completely harmless. It means nothing. So lot of people joined right now by by October 15, the extension, extend the date from April 15 to October 15, if you want to those guys, you know, you just don't file no pain, right? We, I'm sorry, we based upon what you made. You know what you made last year, if you're one of those. But for 2024 you can wait until January, when you know how much you made for 20 upset, you can wait till 25 to know what you mean for 24 however, if you choose to estimate how much going to make by and paid off by end of the this year early, we give you 10% Thank you. Discount. You don't have to do it, but folks, we need to get your money redirected to these things right now. Sheriff Richard Mack has an event coming up in Orlando, September 7, constitutional peace officers and Sheriffs Association, yeah. Usually I got a half million dollars. My big donors don't have the money right now, this year, for some reason, we got 60,000 give to him. Give to that. The big sheriffs that that need to be educated to protect you and your Americans people rights, right? I told Matt, I give, I give 20,000 from just a get go, from our student savings. But when you guys join, we get more, we can give him more.

Speaker 1  3:23:41
And like the congressman, yeah, like the congressman,

Unknown Speaker  3:23:45
and he liked the idea constitutional

Speaker 1  3:23:47
sheriffs and Peace Officers Association, yeah, and we can get you more information about that afterward, and that contribution to him would count toward your membership for here. Because why we want these constitutional sheriffs in that who you want to call if you had a problem? So that's what we want. So we're going to this whole association of them to help out on September 7. Yeah, so that's

Speaker 3  3:24:17
you don't have to do it for 24 right now. You can wait till January for 24 but if you estimate it now for 24 then you know, we just give you 10% this kind of Thank you, because you would see we don't, we don't have the access to big banks line of credit, I told my wife that is, look, our creditors are our students, our backers. Let's give them are the discounts. You Why give it to somebody else? Because you just early support, right? It's a win, win situation.

Speaker 9  3:24:47
It is okay. And for like stock gains, you know, there's that 1099, for your stock gains. So how do you handle that? So. So if you know you did, you know long or short, and you made the money and and so, and you didn't expect it, but it happened in the 24 year. How are you going to or how do you handle that? Sure.

Speaker 3  3:25:12
First of all, sometimes people ask me on how about capital gains? How about stocks? Folks? It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter what kind it is, royalties, business income, self employed, commissions, wages, stocks, bonds, real estate. It's where it's from. Are you from DC? You don't know it, then, okay, if you're not a federal worker, working in DC, you don't know it anymore than you are the Government of Japan or France or Egypt, DC is a foreign country to you as much as each as Egypt, France and Japan. Doesn't matter what kind of money it is, okay? And one more thing, remind you, it doesn't really matter that the third party said at w2 or 1099, to the IRS about you, because the IRS doesn't use them. As long as Have you believing IRS has me, because my employer sent a w2 to the IRS about me, that I made $50,000 as long as long as it convinced you that you're dead, you're dead, but Iris doesn't use them anymore. Remember, they have the W twos at 10, nine, nines. They don't use them because you gotta focus on filers who want to make payment plans. That's how broken the IRS really is.

Unknown Speaker  3:26:36
Okay? Here's another one,

Speaker 9  3:26:37
okay. And the last one, I just wanted to mention three patriots that are in federal court in Denver on Monday through Friday. And people know a retired Lieutenant Colonel, I think it's Lieutenant Colonel Sean Smith. He's been on Frank's speech on conservative dash daily with Joe oltman. So I have a little handout if you're interested in knowing more about that and how you can support them. So that's this Monday. And there, the charge is that they intimidated. It was a voter intimidation. The End Sub NAACP and and, oh, the League of Women liars. I mean, the League of Women Voters are taking them to court. And so if you want just to know information about that, I have that. And

Speaker 3  3:27:27
let me tell you something. As we grow more things like this come up, we'll have you fund a lawyer for defending crooks, defend the good guys against the crooks, as do the crooks. They need lawyers, but then my Lord's gotta make money too. Okay, so that's our vision. Hope you can see that vision

Speaker 1  3:27:45
while they're there supporting that. They could take some flyers here, because those people want to know about this, and we want to support that cross pollination. Does that make sense? If

Speaker 3  3:27:57
you go to an event, you have a group meeting, patient meeting online or something else. Take our brochures and pass them out, folks, okay, yes, ma'am.

Unknown Speaker  3:28:04
One thing I'm not clear about on withholding

Unknown Speaker  3:28:09
Social Security and Medicare, withholding from your pace paycheck,

Speaker 3  3:28:14
most employers are brainwashed, and they gotta do it no matter what you know. But income tax is easy. We do a w4 exempt, with a law quoted attached to protect you from criminal prosecutions so that, that we could do but unless we have employers convinced that they'd have to do it, you can't, they'll take out your paycheck anyhow, right now, sorry, we're working on that. We're going to get more employers to stop withholding for the pay their people. That's what we need to do. That's I hope. That's why I love doing that, if we can. Yes. Question from family watching online.

Speaker 6  3:28:52
My stepdad is watching from the Ozarks. He's US Army retired and 100% disabled veteran receiving tax free disability pay. He also receives a disability retirement from the US Postal Service and receives a monthly payment. What is the reason he's required to pay taxes on his US postal

Speaker 3  3:29:11
pay? He's not. He's not. He's not because only federal workers that work in DC gotta pay federal income tax if you fill up, if you work for FBI office in Los Angeles, you don't pay nothing you work for FBI in Washington, DC. Guy, pay comp tax, okay? Yeah, you're welcome. Yeah, good question.

Speaker 1  3:29:30
Great answer to a great question. Yeah, and we got another one. Hello. Thank

Speaker 5  3:29:35
you again for man. First everything just thank you. Thank you. So my question is, I just got rehired at a job I was at, and it's pretty much like starting fresh. They sent me all the forms and stuff, and I haven't fit out the tax side yet. I called my friend, and I was like, Hey, man, I feel like I need to call you. He's like, you're going to come with me. Say. Saturday, we're going to talk. So this is a perfect timing. So would I just, would I just hit exempt, and then start working with you guys? And then, yeah,

Speaker 3  3:30:13
everything, yes, except you follow the form. If you don't have the law court attached, like we have it, the crooks and government could put you before a jury that by putting just exempt you stop the automatic withholding to evade your fair share of taxes. That's why you could have the law as a poison pill in there, the garlic for the vampire quoted attached to a w4 form to protect you for potential attacks of the crooks. You see, for your mosque, there's always three four steps ahead of these crooks. Okay, if Donald Trump knew what I knew when he came to office, the swamp would have been gone. He should have set up grand juries all over to indict all the crooks, Comey Clapper, Brandon Hillary, all these crooks. But he didn't do that. He didn't know about the law. Knowing the law is so powerful, he's so empowering. You don't have to worry about anybody messing with you. When the Irish come agents comes to me, I'm not afraid of them. I don't talk to them. The criminal agent came to me few years ago to my house, came behind my other guy, with the two of them behind my other my handyman guy, and I was in my garage, and that's, oh, let's go outside. I was not afraid of them. Oh, yeah. Okay. So they read my right to be silent, and they say, your taxes, because your taxes, I don't know what taxes were you talking about? He was floored, like, What do you mean taxes? I don't What are you talking about? He was frozen. The criminal agent was frozen. So I took his paperwork with his hand that thin and went through it. Oh, yeah, I got a case going on an appeal. It was from the 11th Circuit to ninth circuit. That's what this is. That's what that is. And I was telling him what his paperwork, what was, and he had not read and after a little while, I saw him sweating beads on his upper lip. Oh, you appeal. Oh, we'll leave you alone. Uh, I'll let you know if you're an appeal, okay, you left, never heard from him, because I know the law, and it's powerful. You know the law. You be powerful. Anyone share this power? So I don't want this to be informative. I want to event to be not as informative, but also empowering for you to act if I just informed you I've not done my job. That's what the brochure says. Regain your power. Your power freedom. That's what the knowledge does to you if you just go see it. Oh, interesting. But I'm too scared. I failed. Thank you, sir. 512 Yeah, we're going to end it in about five minutes now, but when we ended, please take cups everything with you. The extent of time we could be here later. So take everything with you. Could be out there so that outside on the left is a patty area. We can go talk somewhere out there. Now go six o'clock to dinner at Ruth's Crick's steak house. We get got nine tickets left for $200 rich. Forget meal. I mean, this is age steak, top class over hard all meal. So we're not making money really off the thing that much. Hey, man, this is the last question. Last question, Bob, but I'll be out there for a little bit longer, if you would

Speaker 1  3:33:37
clean up your tables, as he says, and your neighbor's table. We appreciate it. Yeah, is the last question for everyone.

Speaker 5  3:33:44
There are a lot of one man operations out there, business owners, if they don't have any employees and they don't have paychecks, would you still recommend that they write the Congressman the letters, or do they do anything and just completely stay off the radar and all all scope. Yeah, right, the congressman,

Speaker 3  3:34:04
that's your right. That's your duty. Eventually they're going to, we're going to get more attention. Eventually the Congress member get more of our petition. They're going to say, I better respond to these Larimer constituents are, are writing these petitions to me. I gotta respond. So, yes, you should do that. He has no negative consequences. Congressman just trash him. Unfortunately, at this time,

Unknown Speaker  3:34:28
you know, they

Unknown Speaker  3:34:29
don't put you in a list to come after you. So be fine,

Speaker 1  3:34:31
okay, all right, that was it.

Unknown Speaker  3:34:35
That was it. Thank you all for

Speaker 1  3:34:37
no and we're gonna be announcement, yeah, yeah. What I would like to say is your wife asked if we close in prayer for Trump. Yes. So, so April, April notified us about the news about Trump, and like we said, it was an ear injury, but at the same time, we all wanted to pray for Trump, and so at. The request of his wife, April, would all of you would like to join us in prayer for our nation, our country, and specifically for Trump. Dear God, thank

Speaker 3  3:35:11
you for protecting Trump today, and not that the evildoers assassin's bullet in German and his serious way. Thank you for letting the evildoers Biden fall in the face his senility every day becoming more obvious to all arrogance of the evildoers is obvious more and more every day, and you're educating and waking us up. We can trump up as to what's going on in our country,

Unknown Speaker  3:35:52
and please continue to protect him, and each of us will do our part. I know you want us to do.

Speaker 3  3:36:00
You put us here, not not an accent, but for a purpose. We met all of us here today, online and in person, to actually do something, being truth, enlightenment, love and empowerment for us to act in this earthly journey for good and for love, and we'll do so. Thank you for giving us this opportunity.

Speaker 1  3:36:26
Amen. Amen. Thank you.

Speaker 3  3:36:29
Oh, we'll be doing events coming up. Check our website. I'm gonna do one more, probably in Dallas area. We'll do one, you know. So stay in touch with us. Fill out this for me if you have not done so, they've got it up there, out there in front. And let's stay in touch. We're gonna go outside talk a little bit more in the patio, out there, on the outside, on the left, before we go to after maybe how far we're gonna leave to Ruth Chris restaurant.

Speaker 1  3:36:51
And I would like to say we're all gonna watch his ratings go up even more now, more contributions, because everyone knows exactly what's going on every time It goes up. Yep, every time it's all good you


Transcribed by https://otter.ai