Speaker 1  03:50
After you and your family, just like payment was talking about earlier, how the Shah of Iran Would jail people. That's where we're headed if you don't stand up all

Speaker 2  04:22
All right, hey, Tina.

Unknown Speaker  04:27
Yeah, it's Mark. Hey, Hi, Mark.

Speaker 3  04:31
So anyway, I've known Tina from the very beginning, right after the first Lindell symposium, where we found out that those images, Lisa public found out the images were taken, I was the lead forensic investigator on those images to look at what actually happened, to find out that the hard drives were repartitioned, formatted, whole new voting system put on top of the old voting system, all the records deleted, the log files deleted, databases deleted. The system is not secure, like they say it is. Yes, and then there was definitely something that had gone horribly wrong in the voting system to cause a discrepancy of about 5000 votes between a couple databases. So Tina is absolutely right in what she's saying. Her concerns are valid. I'm a citizen of Colorado. I've born and raised here. I've seen this with my own eyes. And I told Tina, when I saw this stuff, I'd stand by her side, shout it from mountaintops if I needed to, because the truth needs to be heard. So Tina, I love you and always there to support you. Love you.

Unknown Speaker  05:31
God bless you. Thank you. Thank you.

Speaker 2  05:36
Thank you Mark for that contribution. Thank you very much. Is Next, we're going to bring up Joe Banister. How many of you are familiar with Joe Banister already? Yeah, alright. Very good. Very good. Well, Joe has been a whistleblower a long time ago, and we'll let him tell his story, but just so you know, Haymon and I were there at his trial. Okay, so we go way back. We love Joe. Let's bring him up with a round of applause. Joe, banister, hello,

Unknown Speaker  06:13
everybody. I've been IRS trained, so if I screw up, I don't know why.

Speaker 1  06:22
You why. All

Speaker 4  06:34
right, so, yeah, so I've got a laptop that's not connected here, so we're going to try to keep this

Unknown Speaker  06:42
coordinated. I'm

Unknown Speaker  06:55
either I don't know any jokes, not even any IRS jokes. Anybody have a good IRS is a joke. I think this is my first time to

Unknown Speaker  07:06
Denver, the greater

Speaker 4  07:14
Denver area, except you're at the airport. So I got to see the blue horse in person. You guys got an egg. Well, I was born and raised in a county called Santa Clara County, you know, the San Francisco Bay area. I think we had the worst covid, you know, lockdowns. We had this doctor. She was a medical doctor, but she's a medical doctor, but she also is a little high on herself. We told everybody to not touch their nose or mouth, and in her speech, she's touching her nose and mouth anyway. Alright, enough of the jokes from the former IRS agent. Alright.

Speaker 4  08:08
So way back when time does March on, back in November 93 I was sworn in as an IRS Special Agent. A little backstory is that I was told by a mentor when I was in high school you should get an accounting degree because you'll always not work. And I thought that was a pretty practical piece of advice, so I followed it. So I got a degree. I earned a degree in accounting from San Jose State University before and raised in San Jose, California, and I didn't realize during five years of college that accounting was boring, and I didn't even quite realize it when I started to work in accounting after I graduated, but I did finally realize like, wow, accounting is really boring, and how am I going to do this for another 30 years? So I decided that maybe the better thing to do would be, well, let's use let's not go back to square one, but let's use what I've accumulated earned and apply it in something that wouldn't be so boring. So I decided, well, let's look around. And a lot of my friends and relatives were in law enforcement, so I thought, Oh, is there any connection between those two. But sure enough, the FBI and the IRS Criminal Investigation Division and a couple of federal agencies that love to get their hands on attorneys and CPAs. And I was a CPA at the time, Certified Public Accountant. For those that don't know that acronym, probably most of you do. So another mentor that I had, who was actually an IRS Special Agent, said you should apply to more than one agency. So he suggested that I apply to the FBI and the IRS Criminal Investigation Division of CID. So I did that. I guess I like to follow a mentor's advice, you know. And. FBI application moved very rapidly. I mean, like, within three weeks of applying, I already had, like, a panel interview, and then I was scheduled for psychological testing, which, believe it or not, I passed physical, physical, physical testing, and they just put you through all kinds of stuff. And then, in addition to that, you have to that, you have to fill out a 16 page application, a second application, and that's what they use at the spring investigation on you. So then they go and they contact everybody in your life. They even contact one of my elementary school teachers. So anyway, the FBI situation is working really well. And I was literally waiting for a plane ticket to Quantico, Virginia, and this is back Newt Gingrich was the Speaker of the House. Bill Clinton was in office for a war. But I then there was a hiring trace, the government will fight, pretend to fight, and so the FBI, I've done everything. I'm literally waiting for the plane ticket and the FBI, well, meanwhile, the IRS and they, they asked me if I'd be interested in the IRS. Well, you know, those of you that are older, like me, you remember when the FBI had a little better reputation, and so that's where I that was, where my heart was, was to become an FBI special agent,

Speaker 4  11:40
hire me. So I talked to his mentor, who was was already an IRS Special Agent supervisor, and they said, Well, you know, you probably

Unknown Speaker  12:02
should just go. I

Speaker 4  12:20
i So the culture in the IRS is really I discovered that surprise surprise the first Day I had No I

Unknown Speaker  17:02
Who First? Together, All RIGHT?

Speaker 2  1:12:20
Can you hear me now? Earth to K Ross, Earth to K Ross, can you hear me now? Can you hear me? Still checking the sound for our online guests, we'll find out as soon as it's good,

Unknown Speaker  1:12:54
say it again. All right,

Speaker 5  1:13:00
okay, I'm gonna show you guys the IRS story. Okay, since we're waiting you guys like IRS stories, it's all good. Sorry for later,

Speaker 2  1:13:09
we'll give it up for the IT department. Thank you so much. All right, and now, ladies and gentlemen, put your hands together and we'll bring up Paymon Monte Edie, come on right back up, buddy. It's all good. Thank you.

Speaker 5  1:13:25
Thank you, Carol. So the presentation up, you guys. We're gonna go rock and roll. We got a lot to cover. And by the way, tonight we're gonna have a after dinner, afterwards a special VIP dinner at Ruth's Chris Steakhouse. Nice, very nice formula. Course, we have a few tickets available for $200 a person. If you want to come to us tonight with the speakers VIPs, we have only few tickets available. You can be at the back. Ask ladies up there they will. You can get those and for lunch, folks, you're on your own for an hour and a half. But, you know, try not to get straggled too much sooner. Not everybody get started back there. Penetration up there. Okay, up there. So we talk about the fact that you're God given rights, right? The Founders recognize that your rights come from God, not from governments, and that is so special and unique in America. So let's go down to where we were. So Articles of Confederation, they have problems with that, because it took unanimous agreement of all the states. And the states are countries, right? States are countries. Her state of Israel heard the term terrorist state or the media state is government. Each state in America had its own legislature. Makes laws, its own executive branch, Governor to execute the laws, as was its own supreme. Court, educated laws, that's my traffic laws, family marriage laws, right? Health laws are all different in all the 50 states, 50 countries. So let's go Next slide. Keep going. Can we talk about oracles now? Next slide after this one. So about be ready with the yellow guys. Ready to have yellow have a go forward pass those. He doesn't know about that. The yellow ones gotta push him twice, three times, to get there quicker. Because so the Constitution, there it is. We the People. Starts with big next slide, and you'll see why the founding fathers did that. Okay, next slide up there. Guys gotta be quick on the slides. Here we go. So read the highlighted areas when you see something up there, focus on the highlighted areas yellow and underlying red. Okay. It superseded the Articles of Confederation, and it delineates the national frame and constrains the powers of the federal government. See constraints actually, let's say the wrong way. What it did is actually delegated some powers from the states to the federal government. This new agent they created, think about the federal government technically, legally, is the agent of the states, creation of the states, okay, and describing the rights and responsibilities of state governments, the states in relationship to the federal government. Wikipedia, of course, terms the other way around for you. But that was the best summary I could find online, really. So this next slide. So this new government they created, because remember, before there was no US government, there was actually US government, but it was really completely Toothless, unless the 13 states agreed, nothing happened. Now they created a government and gave it certain powers, few powers delegated and to make sure it does not end up abusing American people's rights. Because they know power corrupts and absolute power corrupts. They knew that the founders. So let's go Next slide. The preamble of the Bill of Rights is very important. It's not published most often out there. Let's go read about it. It says the second paragraph, the conventions of a number of the states having, at the time of their adopting the Constitution, hit it again. Guys express a desire in order to prevent hit it again. Prevent Marcus, would you please be the one doing that? Because he doesn't know the stuff you need to be next to him. Marcus, okay, because he's not clicking this stuff right away. He knows that we have Marcus next to you, please. Okay, alright, in order to prevent misconstruction and abuse of its powers, that's the key right there, to prevent misunderstanding and abuse of its powers, that further declaratory and restrictive clauses should be added, further restrictions. The Bill of Rights is not a bill or list of your rights like a restaurant bill. It's further restrictions on the powers of the federal government, just to make sure the genie does not get out of his box. Next slide So they have 10 amendments or additions to the US Constitution. Okay, we don't have the time to get into all of that next slide, but the preamble of it also of the Constitution. That was the wrong we gotta put that preamble earlier. Marcus. Marcus, that preamble gotta be ready next time, brother. Thank you. So here we go, the preamble, the Constitution. We the People of the United States. Again, stars, was we the people? You guys see that yellow please on this? Okay, we the people United States in order to form a more perfect union. See, we live with a union, not a country. America's not a country, it's a union. Keep going on the yellow guys, okay, and be be fast on that yellow please. Establish justice, ensure domestic tranquility, provide for the common defense, promote the general welfare and secure the blessings of liberty. There we go to ourselves and our posterity blessings come from who God see. God gave us our liberty. God gave us our freedom. God gave us all our rights, and only God can take it away, right? So with that foundation. Really understood. Let's go next slide. Okay, first amendment is a very important one. That's what it says. Keep Go. Keep going, guys, Congress shall make no law. Keep going. Respecting establishment religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof. Keep going. Get back there or pushing the freedom of speech of the press or the right of the people to peaceably assemble and to petition the government for redress of grievance. Right to petition is very key. All the other rights are there, just to make sure you can clean up the government. Petitioning is to clean up the government. You need to do your job, right? You're not securing our blood the freedoms, right? You You're abusing your powers. It's the highest form of free speech. He's right to petition next, after all these restrictions on government power, for example, right to jury trial is big in America. No other country has jury trial like America. Most don't, and none of them are like America. So good. Right to a trial is big deal. Yes, you have a right to trial, even the IRS, before they take your stuff, you will find out later, why with IRS, it seems like you don't get a trial. Why the burden of proof is on you versus the government. I'll show you later how they deceived you into that. Okay, so the Ninth Amendment says, Let's go next guys, the the enumeration, which means listing, specific listing in the constitution of certain rights shall not be consumed to deny or disparage other rights retained by the people just because they don't list. There's all these rights there. It doesn't mean you don't have it. You have all the rights to be free human being as God gave you, to live your life the way you want to. Next. Okay, could you go a little faster on that? Guys, please? On this yellow stuff this next slide. So the 10th Amendment is also very important. Okay, the powers not delegated to the United States government. United States is a federal government. See, this is not the 50 states. Is it? United States is the federal government they're talking about. They created the government of the United States, nor prohibited by to the States, are reserved to the States, respectively, or to the people. See, the states kept all the powers that the people had through them given to Pharaoh, everything else they kept. Alright? So let's go Next slide. Now this comes up all the time. A lady asked me, but I feel guilty if I don't pay for our services, the government services, who's going to provide for all the stuff? Guess what? Your country?

Speaker 5  1:23:15
Your country pays for all your safety. My country's Florida. Most of your countries, Denver, we are 50 countries in a union. Your country of Colorado pays for law enforcement, police, sheriff's, courts and justice system, roads and highways, firefighters, public school system, even the communist public school system paid by your keep your slides going fast. Okay, all of this stuff, your images you're seeing next, all this is paid by your local keep going. Oh, the property taxes, sales taxes, local property taxes, perhaps the most common taxes supported fire and even services nationally, are property taxes. That's right, landowner and the renter, landowner passes on to you. Next slide, yeah, all this, let me see, folks rose, keep going. Take a baby. Just quickly, guys, okay, get the commissions quickly. Back there, all the stuff, you know, isn't it? Next? Next slide, okay, where's the Highway Trust Fund goes. Guess what? They congressional budget office reports that the Highway Trust Fund received 83% 40 billion of his revenue in 22 from excise taxes on motor fuel, commonly known as the gas tax at the pump you pay for the highways, not your income taxes or payroll taxes. Next slide, okay. Next slide, okay. How about the schools? School budgets and the ways they are financed vary from state to state, and school district to school district. Generally, though states use a combination of a. Income taxes, corporate taxes, sales taxes and fees to provide about 48% of the budget for elementary and secondary schools. Local districts contribute about 44% drawn mostly from local property taxes. Property taxes a foundational tax that built America the Wild West. Days you see on television a little sheriff and a little jail with a couple of deputies who paid for that, the local landowners, the bigger guy had more land, paid more than the small guy. That's it. We don't need the federal taxes. Next slide, you don't need the federal government to do all this stuff that they're doing, all this communist, sourceless schemes to make you say you don't need them. Your country protect you just fine. Until 1913 we had no income tax except for Fears during the Lincoln's war of aggression against the South. We don't need federal governments, and we can cut the federal budget by way over 90% and still be completely safe. Nobody BS at all. See what they do. All the Chinese the Russia, Iranians, Alaba Muslim, terrorist. Iranians, North Korea, with enemies, strong, Russia.

Speaker 5  1:26:46
Without everybody had guns. China, oh, that, Oh, they go from Moscow over Europe and Atlantic, ocean, America take over. Come Come on and China, they will destroy their customers that's buying the products make them rich, kill your customers, right? Come on. Come back over in

Speaker 5  1:27:29
America, I'm sorry, just like everything else. So this, this is what Jesus. Let's go next slide. We're going to have what they did, but they wanted, they want to look like him. If you're man if you're white, you believe in God, God. Okay, if you're brilliant, freedom, freedom. Ideal person, a woman who believes is a man is black and communist and have the JoJo removed in the process. Right?

Unknown Speaker  1:28:24
The Satanic they deny God's existence. What religion, religion or not, is a creator, and with come from, and they don't, they don't destroy, and that's what this is out

Unknown Speaker  1:28:49
there. Next slide. Next slide. Thank you. So whatever they want to do. Hillary Clinton knew she was making the mouse, of course, next slide,

Speaker 5  1:29:08
she could have gone to prison for 10s of 1000 years minimum out of that, every time she had one email from State Department comptroller home server that was brought all these laws. Okay, 111, document, next slide, but just like just soviet union folks, you know, what was

Unknown Speaker  1:29:35
they never that's how you now. In America. Same thing, honorable, Joseph now in America, testimony in Congress. Honorable, honorable because. Each other. You do a public service. You guys know Obama, no. Do trial, trial. Due process. No trial, no. PLP. Each order. 60, 6060, next life. That's how that happens, folks. It's you know. And of course, Reyes, yes, that's where our problems lie, right? And everybody else gets prosecuted. This has been going on for decades. It's not new. Next slide with the what's going on now, torches for

Speaker 5  1:30:57
a toilet for toilet. Five months to be like that in America to an American citizen. Next slide, hear nothing about two tier justice system. Keep pushing the buttons. Back there guys. Stewart rose stood outside of US Capitol on January 6 gets 18 years in prison. Everyone inside. Right next slide here, another one, just as is dead. Here we got proud words leader Enrique TARIO, who not even was, not even in DC, sentenced to 20 years on seditious conspiracy, not even in DC, why would you want to pay the salaries of Department of injustice? Who does that? Oh, I know why. We'll cover that later. They deceived you to be afraid, right? It's not the truth. Raise your hands if that's the truth. That's what they got. They got us with fear. Well, guess what? Today, you're going to cure you of that fear with knowledge. Okay, next slide. Okay. So bottom of mine is in America, we have a, sadly, a two tier system of justice. She won for elite who are above the law and can't get away with breaking the law while misusing the law to abuse us and tier two, for the rest of us who the elite misuse the law to injure and enslave us. Next slide, how can you and your family be safe when the elite get to ignore the laws and misuse them to injure and enslave you. You can't, and by all manners, you have no constitutional, legal, ethical or moral duty to pay and support your own enslavement and destruction. Remember that next time you think Iris, I'm afraid you are paying your own enemies. Next This cartoon is six years old, and it was true about the powerful Deep State. Who is a little Trump guy, right? That was back then they shook the deep state rise against him, didn't they? Next slide, okay, here are some of the lies you've been told to deceive, control, enslave you, they told you. FBI, CIA, NSA, FDA, CDC, DOJ, are wonderful, honest, good public servants who always are looking out to protect you and your family. 911 was done by Muslim Arab terrorists. Joe Biden won the 2020 election. Fair and square. Trump is in conspiracy, in conspiracy with Russia won the 2016 election. January 6 was an insurrection. Federal Reserve is part of the federal government. You don't believe him now, do you? Yeah, but they brainwashed us with all these lies. You didn't know this stuff 2030, or four years ago. Did you see you? Almost average age of this audience is 5560, because we're young and dumb, we don't know. Generally speaking, we get older, we get wiser. It's true. Okay? We become wiser. Eyes, oh, eyes open up. They they deceive us in a public food system. So we have this flag and the apple pine, all this nonsense, right next slide. So here's a good news coming up next slide. The biggest lie I heard yours is that Iris is powerful and that you are weak, that the IRS will put you in prison, take your bank account, paycheck, home in business. If you do not file a 10 for income tax slavery confession forms every year, that's right, you are a slave. When you fill out that form, that's a slave statement, but they convinced you, you better do that. I was even trouble. Whoop. You're afraid, right? They've done a very good job that having the Garretts, right? Garrett, you're back there with me. Brother. Okay, Garrett is over. There's going to be speaking later on today. Okay, so let's go Next slide. Here is the truth, though, as you guys know that you are powerful and the IRS is weak. That's the truth. When you stop buying 1040, income tax, slavery, confession forms, you will not go to prison, nor have your bank account paycheck home or business taken by the IRS. Instead, you will be free and prosperous. Do you want that? Okay, when I get to that next slide that's been recover, how many have seen a documentary died? Raise your hand if you have seen it. Put it down if you have not seen it. Put your hand up if you not seen this. How many of you have not you need to see it. So I'll give a little clip of it about what did he put the corona jab. The corona jab was designed to murder some people and injured people. Let's play it. You see a little bit. People are dying after the jab, the blood clots happen in naked heart. They just drop dead. Let's play it. You go see if you actually dropping dead. Never happened before, history, until the corner jab came out. Can you guys play it back there? Okay, doesn't, doesn't do it. Do the next if you do what, you can go next slide if you have to. Okay. Well, you see people just dropping dead, literally, on the camera, dropping dead. Oh, there he goes, fund the burger, tax dollars, get the Volume up. Yep, oh, another one, yep, just dropping. I

Speaker 5  1:37:28
Yeah, next slide. Now that's what was caught on camera. How many 1000s or 10s of 1000s times more that happened which was not caught on camera, right? Millions, perhaps right. They won't destroy humanity, and you were conned, deceived into funding the federal government. Who did this? But they push it on you people right through what? Deception? Ignorance, which leads to fear. Next slide, yep, my people suffer for lack of knowledge. That's why, cuz we're too busy making a living, work, pay the bills, worry about getting married, have your kid married, raising the kids problem with the with your spouse, problem the kid, problem with your boss. Get another job. The car just broke down, right? Just got sick, yeah, oh, have a little fun, and we can watch some sports or some entertainment, right? Heavily. Enjoy life a little bit. Who has time to educate themselves, but we have to make time next slide. If you don't want that to happen to you and your family, your love, you must seek the truth, and the truth shall set you free. And that's what we're here for, Garrett, right? So people set them free, right? Okay, let's go Next slide. So freedom also develops seven steps to stop lawfully and safely filing and paying income taxes. Okay, arm yourself with the law. Number one will cover the law. Two, stop filing of tax forms. Three, realize the IRS is mostly bluff. Four, take courage from our victories, which we covered already, some of that provide your lawmakers about the law. Number five, join restore freedom plan and spread the word next. So follow the law. No law requires 99% of Americans to file income taxes. What's crazy? All my life are paid income taxes. I'm an accountant. My CPA. Me, My tax attorney. I've done every year. It must be because we have to. But there is no law well to show that you are brought all the way from Nevada, a constitutional law expert and a tax law expert, an attorney for over 25 years, we've been practicing law, defending and fighting for freedom with his heart and his great mind. He's going to share his part with you. He's been he was covered part also in the documentary America, freedom to fascism. How many you guys seen that documentary America. Yeah, you saw him in there. Please give me a warm hand of hell. Welcome to Mister Peter Gibbons,

Speaker 6  1:40:53
thank you for that nice introduction, Pamela. Well before I get started, a couple thoughts come came to me. How many of you in here know what the opposite of love is?

Speaker 6  1:41:12
I encourage you to do, get out of concordance, go through the scriptures and look up love and look up fear when Christ was walking across the water and and Peter jumps out of the boat, starts walking to him, What was the first thing Christ said to him when he when he started slipping under he said, Why did you fear? The opposite of love is fear. Hatred is just an emotion, but the opposite of love is fear. And when we act out of fear, we generally are either responding to an immediate emergency or we're doing the wrong thing. So that's number one. Number two is about here a a de Googled phone. It's running graphene OS, but I encourage everybody to do this. If you've got an iPhone, you're going to have to switch because they don't, they don't have an OS for the Apple iPhones, but any kind of Android, there's about four different operating systems out there where you can completely de Google your phone. If the people in in DC on January 6, 2020, had had these, they never could have geofenced it, because it just it doesn't keep telling your location. And I want to warn everybody about these phones. I mean, think about your bank. Your bank wants to use your cell phone for quote, unquote, two factor authentication. Well, the cell phone's the least secure thing on the planet. It's not about authenticating or your security. It's about knowing where you are, knowing what your number is being able to trace you, getting that into corporate databases so they can share that information so they own you. Alright, so I'm just telling you right now, don't wait on this. You need. You need to get these. These things are better than a chip. You couldn't put the computing power that these things have in a chip. And everywhere you go, everybody's, you know, the people bowed and prayed to the neon God they made. And we are just married to these things. So just my warning, little bit about me. I've known Amon for, I don't know, 20 years. 29 years. I started law school in 93 about the same time Joe was being sworn as as an IRS Special Agent. And I met pamon About the same time, so we kind of went different paths. Uh, he's obviously from Iran, as he explained. And I'm sure many of you have run across some some immigrants to our country, and so often we find that they're actually more patriotic than us Americans, because they know what's coming. You know, we've seen what they've done to to Donald Trump. Tina Peters was up here earlier. We've seen what they've done to her. I I'm here to tell you, this is not unusual. That's the norm. It's just now you get to see it, and as George Carlin said, if you're not a member, member of their club, they're going to screw you if they can. So we've got to wake up. I'm looking for people, the Patriots, that want to attend law school. We need more patriotic attorneys. When I was in law school, fully 90% of my class told me the only reason they were there was they wanted to make more money. I never wanted to be an attorney, but I started going to meetings kind of like this, and I didn't really understand what was being said. Excuse me for a second. I

Speaker 6  1:44:43
uh, starting to get a little dry there. And I was unemployed at the time, and I kept asking for a good book. Can anybody point me to a good book about, you know, what we were learning about, the tax laws and so forth? And nobody could. So. Being unemployed and little bit, little bit like Joe or I thought, well, I guess I gotta write the book, but I'm not qualified, so I went to law school to get qualified to write a book. Kept passing my classes, passed the bar exam. Next thing I know, people are lining up to hire me. Never advertised. I actually kind of like to keep it low profile. I'm actually an introvert, but anyway, so I've been practicing law. I still haven't written the darn book, and hopefully it'll be too late by the time I get around to it. Hopefully we'll be done with this nonsense. So that's how, that's how I got into the practice of law. I'm actually an engineer. That's what I like to do, and but I've been practicing law, and it's, I'm telling you, they this, this thing is inspired by Satan from day one. You know, when the European powers lost the Revolutionary War, they didn't just disappear. They didn't put their tail between their legs and go home and hide. No, they got together and they decided, We're going to figure out a way to take this country down. We can't have this freedom stuff, and they've been hard at work at it ever since. So don't think this is something new. This has been going on since the day the ink dried on the Declaration of the Independence, and we gotta teach our children that it's going to keep going on if we don't stay vigilant, sharpen our pencils and sharpen our swords, and that sword being the word of truth. So with that said, Well, I guess I should finish a little bit about Paymon. So he went this route, I went the other route, and our paths kept crossing. And we we, we became friends. And in about after he was acquitted, Joe and I met through a really good friend of ours who's now deceased. God bless you, Leo, wherever you are, and we've been working together ever since. And that attorney that got Joe off, Jeff Dickstein, he's retired now, but he's paralegal for my law office also. So I've, I've had the privilege of working with some really, really great people. Now now I have to say that when you get into this, it's a lot about damage control. The courts are are so corrupt, as I just mentioned, what what you're seeing, you know, they're doing to Trump and these other people. This is, this is not new. It's just that the little guy doesn't get the kind of press that these guys do. So actually, in a way, I hate to say it Tina, but especially for Trump, thank God you're going through it, because now everybody can see it. It's in our face, so that, that's how we got started on all this. What I want to do is kind of walk you through just a little, little tiny sliver of the tax law, just to show you how demonically inspired this thing is, what I'm touching on is the tip of the iceberg. The deeper we dig in, the more you'll see all kinds of double speak. The thing was intended to deceive from day one. Okay, and so. And as pamon pointed out, but I'll it bears a reiteration, and that is, you know, the the income tax doesn't hasn't really paid for anything except interest on the national debt, which we didn't have until the Federal Reserve, at least not significantly. It was true that the government would issue bonds and incurs some debt, and that was primarily during war years, and of course, the European powers have tried to keep us at war, and that keeps us in debt. So this income tax is really about siphoning your labor, taking your time and giving it to our enemies. I mean, there's really, really no better word for it, there are enemies, and that's why we don't have time to pay attention to what's going on at City Hall. They've got us on a treadmill, and there's a lot of veterans in here. And you guys went out and you stood and you stood in the gap. Led flying your way, maybe, or maybe you were just in logistics. Doesn't matter. You took a stand, right? But here we've got a government we saw in the Declaration of Independence, where it says, whenever government becomes destructive of the the ends of liberty, it is the duty of the people to change it or abolish it. And we are at that place. The reason I'm here is, even if what we're about to show you wasn't true, you would still have every legal right to stop paying your enemy to destroy your country. We're past that point of government having become destructive of those ends. But I'm going to show you how the fact is, you never owed this tax. This is why you say this is going to be the tip of the iceberg. So with that, let's start off with the with slide 61 I believe it is.

Unknown Speaker  1:49:57
Okay. Well, for my next number, I. It.

Unknown Speaker  1:50:06
Press the button, please.

Speaker 6  1:50:15
Okay, well, what we're gonna I would like to give you an example. Let's say for example. Let's take the word car. Everybody in here thinks they know what a car is, right? Automobile, car, yeah. But what if I was to make a legal definition that a car is anything with four legs and a leather saddle on? Let's say that was the legal definition of a car. Okay, you would all think, you know what I'm talking about when I'm talking about a car. But if we're in in court, and we're dealing with the law dealing with cars, and the definition is four legs and a leather saddle, you'd be like, This guy's nuts. You know? What is he talking about? That's, that's organ again, too. So Patriot mythologies, what are they? How dangerous to your freedom and wealth? Uh, let's go to the next slide, please.

Speaker 6  1:51:21
Okay, when I do that, that means push the button. There we go. So there's all kinds of stuff out there about, you know why? Here's the problem that most Patriots have when they get into this is the same problem I had, and why I decided I wanted to go to law school. Like, I say, anybody who wants to go, it is now available. You can do online courses, fully accredited, sit for the bar, and I'll help you out, because we need more attorneys who actually care. But what happens is that we try to think up legal theories for how they're getting away with this, because we just can't accept the fact or face the fact that the courts are corrupt or that the government is corrupt. So we come up with these theories, like, though it's a uniform commercial code, that's how they're doing it wrong. The Uniform Commercial Code is for pretty much what it says commerce, and it has procedures to facilitate commerce. Because let's say, for example, I call you up and I say, hey, send me 50 of those widgets you sent me last month. And you say, Yeah, same price. I say, Yeah, same price. And boom, we hang up the phone. Well, let's say I only get 42 widgets, and 30 of them are damaged, and we don't have anything except our little phone call. How do we resolve that issue? The Uniform Commercial Code fills in those gaps and provides for reasonable way of resolving those issues. I'm not going to explain all of these, but pretty much all of them are nonsense in terms of this is how the government's getting away with it. They're not getting away with it because of these things. The the national, sovereign, of state, citizenship. I wish we had a table up here,

Speaker 6  1:53:12
saved by the bill. Whether you like it or not, if you live in the States, you're probably a state citizen already and declaring that to the federal government isn't going to change anything. 14th Amendment theories, there is a little bit of First of all, there's a little bit of truth in all of these. The best lies always have the most truth in them. If I told you, gravity pulls up, you'd say, I'm nuts. But if I say, hey, it pulls down, but not quite toward the center of the earth. That's why the Coriolis effect goes one way in the northern hemisphere and a different way in the southern hemisphere. You might believe me because there's enough truth in there to where, you know I can hook you. So the more truth there is, the more believable the lie becomes. And so these theories all have a lot of truth in them, and I'm not saying that everybody that promotes them has some sort of bad intent. What I'm saying is that isn't the reason that we've got the problem. And these kinds of things aren't going to solve the problem. What we need to do is get our courts back. We need to get these evil people out of our government and out of the courts. Taxes are big you

Speaker 6  1:54:24
it, you know. And secondly, you know. I mean, think about it, if you had to go through all these gyrations to commit this fraud, it would still be fraud. So, you know, the fact that we have some theory for it. But anyway, all of these are things that really have nothing to do with whether you owe the federal income tax or not. These are just theories that people come up with, and they've, you know, expanded on them. We've got the 1870 act of 1871 which was just, you know, redistricting of the municipality of district. Colombia. Now, indeed, that did create a corporation, like all municipal corporations referred to as the United States. But that isn't how they're doing, violating your rights. It's just something that some people have latched on to, to think, oh, that must be how they're doing. Not true. So you can take a look at this, and all of this is on payments website. Next slide, please. Okay, so you're going to find out that the people of federal income taxes are citizens and residents of Washington DC, federal workers, contractors and federal workers who work in Washington DC, not the people of the 50 states. Next slide, alright. Well, here's here's the 1040 form. It says a US individual income tax return. It doesn't say this is an income tax return for people in the state of Colorado. Now, Colorado may have an income tax return, and you'll find that almost every state that has an income tax bases it on what you owed on your federal income tax. So if you owed no federal income tax, you don't owe any state income tax. And as as we'll see there, is if the federal government can't directly tax your labor. That's a fundamental right given by God. Neither can your state, because one of the conditions for being a member of the Union, for a state, becoming a member of the Union was a republican form of government, and that had to respect the the fundamental rights of the people. So we have an individual income tax. Who's this individual? Well, we're going to find out that it's not the 50 states, but it could apply to people that are living or working in the District of Columbia or otherwise deriving direct benefits from the federal government. Next slide, okay, so this is you'll see at the top there. It says, us, code.house.gov, I everything we're going to show you here, it's coming right off the official government website. I encourage you, if you have a computer or or phone, whatever you like, you can go to the site right now and follow along. The United States Code is made up of 50 titles. Each title is dealing with a particular subject area of law. As you can see, title eight is aliens nationality. Title 19 is customs and duties. Title 26 is the Internal Revenue Code. Now, one of the things that you have to be aware of is the difference between a statute and a in a code section. What happens when Congress makes law? They get together and they, you know, propose these bills, and some of these bills have 1000s of pages in, and they'll have bits and pieces of amendments or new, new laws that they want, an act, or whatever, and they're all in the same bill. So that would be the statute. What the United States Code Service was charged with doing is taking all those statutes and breaking the sections out into the into the categories in which they belong. So when Congress makes an amendment to the tax law in this or that statute, then the US Code Service is supposed to break that out and put that into the United States Code. So we refer to we cite the codes as law, but really the statutes are the actual law, and in most cases, you'll find that the code does read very closely or even precisely with the statute, but not in all cases. So it's always good to refer back to the statute if you have any doubt about what a code section is saying, because the statute would control so here's a 1040, instructions. Next slide, please, and it says the rules apply to all US citizens. You can, you can, regardless of where they live and resident aliens, and these are your filing requirements. So we're going to find out who these people are next slide. So it says section one of the code imposes, well, first of all, we're on this is actually one dash one of the Code of Federal Regulations. So let me just give you a quick overview of what the regulations do. So Congress passes the law, makes it into code, and then they delegate it to an agency of the government to enforce and carry out the intent of that law. And so those agencies then make up regulations that they believe are will will effectively carry out what Congress tried to pass. Now, in fact, just recently, and thank God for it, the Supreme Court overturned what they called Chevron deference. Now a lot of people get a little confused about that, but basically what it was. Yes, it wasn't an act of Congress. It was a rule in the courts on how they were going to treat the way the agency wanted to apply the law. And what the court said was, well, you know, Congress delegated to this agency the responsibility to, you know, enforce this law. So we should defer to their judgment wherever it's not in direct or, you know, patent conflict with the Constitution or the statute itself. So I would ask the court, what is deference? Isn't that prejudice? Isn't that just a nicey, nice word for prejudice? There should be no deference to anybody, and as we'll see later, early on, the courts recognize that if there is a deference, it should be in favor of the citizen, not in favor of the government, or they should just send the law back to Congress and say, fix it or strike it. After all, every law is a restriction of your freedom. We don't need to send that's what I love about living in Nevada. The the legislature only meets every other year. And so even though they're doing their level best to destroy Nevada, they haven't been as successful as they have been, say, in California, right next door, because they only show up every other every other year, you know, which is great. I mean, we don't need more laws. We need less laws, and we need, we need people of integrity enforcing them. For example, let's take, just take, you know, homosexual marriage three times the people of California said marriage is between one man, a man and a woman three times a single guy. A federal judge struck it down. How is that possible? Secondly, marriage is a contract. Okay, if the people of California want to define a particular type of contract, they can do that, and none of that had anything to do with homosexual rights. Marriage is a contract. You can contract with anybody for anything. If two guys want to get together and form a contract that they're going to be, you know, Bud buddies for life. Hey, that go. Go for it. But, but, but, but, I have a really off color joke that comes to mind, so I'm going to skip that. But, but, but the point. The The point is, if the people of California want to give special treatment to married couples who can bear children, which replenish our population and and create businesses and so forth. They have every right to do that. So the term it says, here, back one, here we go. Okay, section one of the code imposes an income tax on the income of every individual. Doesn't say citizen, doesn't say resident of color. Colorado, in the income of every individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States. Well, we just learned what is the United States? It's the 50 states in convention. So the way the founders looked at this was the people come together in convention informed their state. So the state is the people in convention, then the states got together and formed the United States. So are you a resident of the United States? Well before the 14th Amendment, you weren't, and that's why I say there is a little bit of validity to the 14th Amendment argument. But anyway, next slide. Now, the term United States may be used in any one of several senses. Could be merely the name of the sovereign. So you know, the United States meets with France, which would be 50 states through their representative, the federal government meeting with another state, the state of France, they may designate the territory or sovereignty of the United States to which it extends. It can also be the collective name of the States itself, which is the way most of us think of it. Next slide, please.

Speaker 6  2:04:14
So there you go. There's Washington, DC. That's pretty much what the act of 1871 created. And yes, it did become a municipal corporation, and they called it the United States. And there probably was some subterfuge involved in thinking that up. The machinations go deep. Next slide, please. So here we're back in the Code of Federal Regulations. So this is how the agency, the Internal Revenue Service, interpret says who is a citizen, every person born or naturalized in the United States. Now, in this case, it goodwill. Excuse my voice. By the way, I I was intubated in 2018 my vocal cords still aren't healed, but you. This case, it could be referring to the geographical states of the 50 states, or or and subject to its jurisdiction. Now that's where the problem lies. Does the federal government have jurisdiction here? No, they have jurisdiction over forts, arsenals, DC, the territories and then whatever lands within the state, the state has actually ceded to the federal government, which means there's actually a title deed transferring ownership of the property to the federal government. So for example, if the FBI IRS doesn't matter who comes into your town and wants to harass somebody, even execute a warrant. Technically, they need the permission of the sheriff, and arguably, the sheriff should be with them. The sheriff is the highest law enforcement official in the county. He can arrest a federal judge, he can arrest any federal agent, he can arrest a state judge. He can arrest anybody who he suspects of wrongdoing in the county, and that's why it is so important that you elect constitutional sheriffs. Next slide, please. Okay, so get your phone out and go, you know, look up these codes as we're going along, just in case you have any doubts to what I'm saying. You

Unknown Speaker  2:06:25
What are you talking about? Oh, yeah, yeah, okay, if you got a phone or

Speaker 6  2:06:33
Yeah, payment wants you to get your smartphone out. I would say, if you trust me, you don't have to. But anyway, if you got it, do it all right. Next slide,

Speaker 6  2:06:48
get your smartphone and open your internet browser and type the search. Okay. So here this, we just saw the Code of Federal Regulations. Now we're looking in Title 26 Internal Revenue Code section 7701 and it says, when used in this title were not otherwise distinctly expressed or incompatible with the intent thereof. So these are the definitions that apply throughout the code, except for certain other sections which I'm going to show you, which will become very pertinent. So we get to number nine, United States in a geographic sense, includes only the states and the District of Columbia. Okay, so that sounds like hey. That does include Colorado. Then we could get down to state number 10. Here it says the term state shall be construed to include the District of Columbia where such construction is necessary to carry out the provisions of this title. Well, thank Thank you.

Speaker 6  2:07:53
Okay, so let's, let's leave a little question mark here. We've got this word includes, first of all, which does that word? Should we interpret that as expansive? It means this, plus everything else. It means our, our, you know, four legged animal with a, with a, you know, a leather saddle on it, plus every other kind of animal and everything with four wheels. What is that word? Includes meaning? Or does it mean? Can it be translated as means, when used in a geographical sense, means only the states in the District of Columbia. The state shall be construed to mean the District of Columbia where such construction is necessary. I'm not going to answer that definitively yet. I'm not going to tell you what that means. Let's go to the next slide. So I think we've got some highlighting coming up on this. So here we are in one United States codes. This is a very first title of the United States, and it's talking about words, denoting number, gender and so forth. And it says singular shall imply, shall include the several persons, parties or things, and plural and the singular and words imposing masculine gender include feminine as well. Okay, so here again, you can see that they're using the word include, as it really could be read, means, so whenever you see the word include, you might ask yourself, does that word, should that word really be means? Now something else I want to point out here, because it's very pertinent to our day and time. It says the masculine gender include the feminine as well. We hear a lot about gender these days. Have you noticed that the word sex has disappeared? That's because there are two sexes, male and female. But humans and people and animals, they don't have genders. Only words have gender. So you have at least three genders. You have the masculine, the feminine and the neutral, him, hers, theirs. Okay? We're. Have gender, humans, people, animals, they have a sex, male or female, and that's one of the first things they always do, is confuse the language. They try to invert it. This is Satan's trick from day one. Next slide, please. I mean, what do you do in the garden with Eve, right? Oh, does God really mean that you're going to die? Next slide, please. Okay, so here we've got a Supreme Court case. Next slide, please. And talking in the Internal Revenue Code, again, we're back at 7701 we just saw that. So we're going to go on to the next slide. We're uh, we've got notice the 50 states are not listed here. Okay, it's talking about the states in the District of Columbia. Then it says the state shall be construed to mean or include the District of Columbia. Now, maybe you think I'm splitting hairs here. You'll you'll see where I'm going with this in a minute. But notice the 50 states aren't here. Next slide, please. So here we've got Kay Steinberg et al, V Carhart, and this is in the Eighth Circuit, and it's talking about a woman's right to an abortion and so forth, and citing Roe v Wade, next slide, please. That's just two year 2000 so when a statute includes an explicit definition, we have to follow that definition. Remember what I said about cars. We have to follow that definition, even if it varies from the terms ordinary meaning. We all know what a car is, right, but the legal definition controls. It's axiomatic that the statutory definition of the term excludes unstated meanings. Okay, just let that sink in. Just read that. I'm going to read it again. It's axiomatic. Does everybody know what axiomatic means? Okay, axiomatic means it's like, so obvious it's impossible to be otherwise, it's like, it's an axiom, like you have axioms in math and various other disciplines. So let's move on to the next slide. So here we have gold Gould V cooled. This is an earlier Supreme Court case from 1917 Now bear in mind, this is only what four years after the 16th Amendment was allegedly ratified, which it was not. We have a case working through the courts right now on the ratification of 16th the interpretation of statutes living in tax it is established not to extend the provisions by implication beyond the clear import of the language used, or to enlarge the operations so as to embrace matters not specifically pointed out, this is the Supreme Court of the United States in a case of doubt They are construed most strongly against who the government, and then they're citing another case here us, V Wigglesworth. So this isn't new to the Supreme Court, even at that time, and here recently, just in the last couple months, I heard the justices pointing at that they're still reiterating this. Now there's a lot of confusion in the circuit courts of appeal. That's part of what we need to sort out. So going back to our rule there about the definition of United States, states. Basically in number nine, we saw that the United States includes the states and the District of Columbia, and then it says state shall mean the District of Columbia. So really, if let's you know in a light most favorable to the government, we can't include the 50 states, because we would have to imply or impute, meaning that's not there. Okay, now people could argue about that, but includes means, and I didn't write this, and we're about to see why they wrote it that way. So now we're in Title eight, USC, the United States goes dealing with aliens and nationality. It says definitions is used in this chapter, the term United States, except as otherwise specifically provided. Means the continental United States, Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, Guam and the Virgin Islands of the United States. Next slide please. Now we're in 28 USC, which is dealing with the judiciary definitions. Section 302302, United States means, and notice that they didn't say includes. There they say the means United States. Means a federal corporation, an agency, department, commission, board, or other entity of the United States, or an instrumentality of the United States. And And again, all of this is available for free on the freedom. Law School website, so feel free to take pictures. But also, if you miss one, you can go back and get all of it. Next slide, please. So now we're in the 19 USC, which is customs and duties definitions when used in this act, the term United States, used in a geographical sense, includes all territories possessions of the United States, except the Virgin Islands, Canal Zone, American Samoa, Midway, Kingman reef, Johnston Island in the Isle of Guam. Okay, so you can see here that con their Congress, when they want to define what the United States means, they do. So let's move on. Okay, here we are. We're back in, in the Internal Revenue Code, back in the definitions of Section 4612 These are special rules, and this has to do with environmental taxes. Did you know that they can tax you for having an environment

Speaker 6  2:16:00
in general, the term United States means the what the 50 states and what else, the District of Columbia, Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, any possession of the United States, or the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands and the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands. And then it goes on to say United States includes continental Sheriff shell areas and Foreign Trade Zones. Next slide please. As you can see, Congress included the 50 states, and we'll see this is fairly consistent. When they mean the 50 states, they say the 50 states. And we also know for sure, no matter what, that even if maybe it was a mistake, they certainly know how to do it in other definitions, if, if nothing else, I mean worst case. So if there's an ambiguity, which way does that have to be construed against the government? Alright, let's move on. So we're back in Title 26 section, 3121 defining wages. And what is wages? Wages means all remuneration or employment, including cash value of all remuneration, including benefits paid in any mini medium other than cash, except in such terms, shall not include. And what it doesn't include is kind of interesting. Also, next slide please, for the so we're still entitled 26 where we're dealing with FICA, Federal Insurance Contributions Act for the purposes of this term chapter, the term employment means any service, whatever nature, performed by an employee for the person employing irrespective of the citizenship or residence of either within the United States or in connection with American vessel, aircraft or aircraft under contract, etc, etc. So we have united states here being clearly defined for the purposes of employment, and it's all referring to federally connected activities. A federally connected vessel. What do we have? Aircraft? We have employment of a citizen in the United States, that an American player is defined in subsection H, etc, etc. Let's move on to the next slide. Employment is doing a certain specific activities within the United States. What does the United States mean for chapter 21 Federal Insurance Contributions Act? Let's see 26 six Internal Revenue Code. We're still in the FICA section, state, United States and citizen, for the purposes of this chapter, the state term state includes the District of Columbia, Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Virgin Islands, Guam, etc, etc. Now there see how they switch back to the word includes. They didn't put means they put includes, why? Because that raises some ambiguity to what to deceive you, and even worse, to deceive the courts. And let me tell you, they like being deceived when it it turns the tables against the citizen, the notice that the state and term and United States definition do not include any of the 50 states. Now we know they would have if they wanted to. We've just seen that. This shows the clear intent of Congress to exclude the 50 states. Because why? Because we can't impute something that's not there, therefore FICA taxes are not required to pay, be paid by anyone from the 50 states. And like I say, I'm just showing you the tip of the iceberg. Okay, there is so much more to support what I'm saying here. But what we're trying to do is is give you a clear. Glimpse into how this deception works. So over here we have state includes District of Columbia. No 50 states there and United States when used to degree of geographical sense again, no mention of the 50 states. Next slide please. So now we're back at 7701 now what do these mean? What do they mean? United States includes the states and the District of Columbia. Term state shall be construed to include or mean the District of Columbia. So the United States means only the District of Columbia and the District of Columbia. Now, hey, maybe I'm wrong, but if there's an ambiguity, which way do we resolve it? Therefore the income taxes only apply to people from Washington, DC, and not the 50 states. Next slide, please. So you are not a United States person. The term United States person is term of art used in the code for various purposes. Let's move on to the next slide. So we're back here in 7701 which is the definitions Internal Revenue Code, when used in this title and not otherwise distinctly expressed or manifestly incompatible with the term United States person means a citizen or resident of the United States, a domestic partnership, a domestic Corporation in a state other than a Foreign estate. So as we realized earlier the 50 states, each one is a sovereign nation, a sovereign country. We came together to create a union of states. The Founders did not intend, nor have we ever said that the states relinquish powers to the federal government. Rather, they delegated to their servant, the federal government, certain of their powers. Okay, so states didn't give up any power. They simply delegated to the federal government certain of those powers. So the so a foreign estate would be any estate outside of DC. And again, maybe I'm wrong, but it's at best, it's ambiguous, yeah, so in a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust. Okay, so let's say, for example, you have a trust in Colorado, and there's a question that comes up about your trust? Do you go to federal district court to resolve that? No, they'll kick it out. They'll say it's not a federal question. There's two two kinds of federal jurisdiction. There's what we call diversity jurisdiction, where it's suits between people of different states, and then there's federal question jurisdiction, which are questions that arise under the Constitution. So a foreign trust would be any trust outside the United States, which would include, then include, which would mean, then the 50 states. Next slide, please. So the Internal Revenue Code itself as a business owner says that you are not involved in a trader business. Here, again, we're getting into this thing about what is a car. Okay? Everybody. Many people here have their own businesses, right? So you think you're involved in a trader business? Hey, next slide, please. You are not required to file information returns. If this is from the IRS website. By the way, you can see a link down here to irs.gov and you can go to irs.gov and look this stuff up again. This is all on the website, so don't think you have to write that whole thing down a second. But it says you're not required to to file these returns information returns if you're not engaged in a trade or business, I shouldn't, well, I don't want to get into that, because we want to keep this as simple and straightforward as possible. But anyway, you are not engaged in a trade or business, the payment was made to another business that is incorporated, what was not for medical or legal services. So that means that if you make a payment to any other business, and it's not for legal or medical services, you're not required to file an information return to some of the payments made to the person Incorporated was less than 600 a year. Now that's the one that all the accountants get stuck on. Oh, did you? Did you make more than $600 last year. Well, you better file. Okay, next slide please.

Speaker 6  2:24:45
So what is, what is the definition of a trade or business? You're going to love this. We're in the internal revenue codes same section 7701 we're down at subsection 26 the term when used in this title, not otherwise to. Basically manifestly incompatible. The term trade or business includes, which could be means their performance or functions of a public office. Now, now I want to dive into this word includes just a little bit. Let's say we wanted to make that expansive, let's say includes means and everything else. Well, it has to be something of the same classification. Okay, if I say, you know, the term car, you know, includes anything with four legs and a saddle and and you wanted to expand on that, you couldn't include something made of metal with four wheels. Would have to be something at least of the same classification, like, does a pony count? Well, maybe that's included, you know. So we can argue about what includes means, but I'm telling you, the reason it's there is to create confusion and to deceive what it really should be read as is means. And we're talking about definitions here, we can see that that they can be very precise when they need to be but when they don't want to be precise when they want to muddy the waters. This is one of the ways they do it. Oh, it's includes. So that leaves the door open for some judge to say, Oh, well, that means everything. Everybody knows that. So that's kind of what goes on next. But anyway, how many of you are, you know, involved in the performing the functions of a public office, not too many now, Now there might be, for example, a contractor. Let's say they, they aren't, they aren't an elected official. They don't actually work for the government. But let's say, for example, the city government goes out and contracts with somebody to cite cars that haven't paid their parking meter amount, you know, and the parking meters expired. And so that contractor may be able to do that, but when they're doing that, they would be performing the function of the public office. So in this case, includes, I'll give them a break. It could be appropriate where perhaps somebody's not actually working directly for the government, but is performing the function of a public office. Next slide, please.

Speaker 6  2:27:19
So we're still in the Internal Revenue Code, subtitle F, which is procedures and administration in definitions at 7701 and we're section one here for the purpose of this title, other than subtitle B. Now I want to just clarify something right there. The Internal Revenue codes divided into several subtitles. We have subtitle A, which is income tax, subtitle B, which is a state and states and trust, subtitle C, which is employment, which, when you research that, you'll find that goes right back to subtitle a. There is, there is no employment unless there's first a subtitle a connection, and then it says that it includes a resident alien and non resident alien who is neither a citizen or There we go. An individual is a non resident of such an individual is neither a citizen of the United States, nor a resident of the United States. So technically, we're all non resident aliens According this definition, since the United States for tax purposes, generally includes only the District of Columbia. Anyone who is not from the District of Columbia and does not have does, excuse me, does not live in the District of Columbia is a non resident alien for federal tax purposes. Anyone from outside of the District of Columbia on Earth, whether from Japan, France, Egypt, etc, or any of the 50 states who does not live or reside in the District of Columbia, it is a non resident alien for federal tax purposes. Pretty, pretty straightforward, again, unless we want to muddy the water, in which case we have to construe it in favor of the citizen. Next slide, please. So we're back in the Code of Federal Regulations here. So we're talking about who is a citizen or resident of the United States, and to the extent provided by sections 871, 877, on the income of a resident alien individual, excuse me, non resident alien individual the United States. So if this income tax is going to be imposed, and we just, we just realized we are non residents, with respect to DC, it's only under 871 or 877 that we could become liable for the tax. Next slide please. So we're still in 26 here. Title 26 we're on income connected with the United States graduated rate of tax, the imposition of the tax a non resident alien, individual who is engaged in a trade or business. Well, we. Our back to the car issue again, we just realized that a trader business for legal definition is a performance of the functions of a public office we can't impute or expand upon that the courts have already told us that next slide please, which doesn't

Speaker 6  2:30:30
All right, I agree it makes no sense at all, but that's the way Congress defined it. You're you're catching on exactly think of the definition of a car

Speaker 6  2:30:50
I'm telling you from from the day one. This was written and intended to deceive the second plank of the Communist Manifesto is a graduated income tax. You don't think that. And when, when? When did Karl Marx come out with that in the mid 19th century? 1850, something? Okay, and, and what was that born out of? When you research where Karl Marx came from, it's all the same people. These are the money powers of Europe. Most of them are satanists. They have been out to destroy this country. I mean, from the central bank, we've had three central banks. We can go on and on, the iceberg goes deep. We're just looking at the tip, but bingo, you got it. Next slide, please. The performance of a public office district of Columbia. That's really what it's saying, using their definitions. These aren't my definitions. That's why we said, get out your smartphone and look it up right now, if you find this absolutely unbelievable, if you didn't see it, which most of us don't, right, who has time to research the tax code, you would never believe if I just told you this, if I, if I walked up to any of you on the street and said, hey, you know, trade or business means just holding a public office, he'd be like, Get away from me, man. You think I'm nuts. But there it is. That's the way they do it. Next slide, please. So these were the 13 Colonies we have in 1776 we had 13 independent countries with a population of about two and a half million. 1789 the states created an agent headquartered in Washington, DC, to be known as the United States government. They delegated 18 specific common functions to this agent, the US government. These powers included common defense, currency, immigration rules, commerce between states, foreign countries, etc. Now, could we take that word included there and say, well, that also means the raising of your children? No. So even if we want to use an expansive look at the word includes as expansive, it still has to stay within the category of what they're talking about. These countries all kept their other functions and powers to themselves. Next slide, please. And the 10th Amendment reaffirmed that it said power is not delegated to the United States, and what are they talking about there? They're talking about that government. They're not talking about the 50 states. They're talking about the federal government by the Constitution or contributed to it by the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people. And again, we're just reversing that. Coming together. We come together in Congress, we get together. We form a state, and the state forms the union. Sorry, the word escape me there. It'll come to me soon as I walk off the stage. Next Next i

Speaker 6  2:34:10
Yeah, it's, it's Supreme Court, yeah, well, the Roe versus Wade issue was, was in simply the court recognizing that that was never a federal question. The federal government has no business, you know, deciding what people get to do with their babies. You know, when they're still in their bodies or or what? It's a state issue. That's what. That's all that the the Supreme Court said, yeah, and same way with the Chevron deference, they're just saying, look, the court shouldn't be giving deference to anyone. They're supposed to be impartial. So Washington, DC was made to be independent of the states, so it not be put under pressure of any one state. That was the intent. Of course, when you get you know, we do have a really great system of government. I believe it is the best system out there. But any system, no matter how good it. Is, if you get evil people in there, they're going to do evil, and that's just the way it is. And so I'm not I'm not saying we need to do away with the Constitution. What I'm saying is we need to go back to it. We need to roll back a lot of these ridiculous laws. Congress thinks it has the power to do anything, and it really doesn't have even half the power that it thinks it has. Okay, next slide, please. So we're back in the Code of Regulations back at 1.1 now, what does this mean? United States and subject to its jurisdiction? Are you subject to its jurisdiction? Well, maybe, if some federal question comes up, you could be, you know, there are things that are legitimately there. You know, the the Bureau of Land management's big one out out west here, you know, it's a federal agency. We have a lot of federal lands. And why do we have those federal lands? Well, because the states actually, when they were young, and, you know, the West was young, we didn't have big populations. They didn't want to be managing all this territory. They didn't have the resources to do that. So they just said, Hey, we'll let the federal government do that until, you know, we take it, and then slowly we see that. We see those lands sometimes coming into the states and oftentimes not. Okay. Next slide, please. So direct taxes. Here's Article One, Section two, talking about direct taxes. Oh, okay, the shepherd's hook. Yes.

Speaker 5  2:36:38
Thank you, Peter, thank you. Yes, yes. Oh, great, folks, we're going to get lunch break pretty soon. But let me cover this area a little bit more, because I think you guys will have fun with this, okay, with this whole thing. Soon. The constant so Peter covered the code, right? The law, you clearly see you're not a person required to file income tax that deceived you with definitions, right? It's high defined things. I'm 100% for life affirming, gender affirming care. You tell that to everybody in the original definition, not their corrupted definitions. You see how that is. Oh, I'm a liberal. I am generous. I'm giving. Thomas Jefferson was liberal. They're not liberal. They are communists, socialists, totalitarians, tyrants, please. Some are going to pay private they call them liberals. Cross that liberal. Put communists. You gotta stop using their language. Folks, Satan, this is your language. They call themselves progressive, really going back to slavery, is progress? No, that's regression. Going back to slavery. God, all his definitions is key. Stop using language so I don't want to hear nobody say my liberal friend or liberal publication No. Call them what they are. They hate it when you call them communists, because that's what it is. Okay? God he follows. Make sure that will not happen to you. They limited the federal government's taxing power. Let's put it on there. The yellow guys, they put an article on section two of the Constitution. This is all from government's own websites. Direct taxes shall be a portion among the several States according to respective numbers. Or does that mean? Let's hold on to this. Okay, so a portion is divided up. So taxes were to be divided up among the states and also the representatives and House of Representative so and and the states collected the tax because it was horse and buggy back then. That's an agents all across the states. The states could took 10% as a commission give the rest of the federal government. Next slide, which you will see in the next slide, the very first direct tax by the federal government on top right, says, July 14, 1998 a direct tax. 1798, a direct tax of 2 million laid. Look at the top and actually collect a direct tax within the United States. Now this United States is a Union states. The United States is the DC governments, the United States. You see that distinction now the use of United States, but you're going to see what they're talking about. This is the all union state. A direct tax of $2 million shall be And hereby is laid upon this United States and a portion to the states, respectively, in a manner following the. To the state of New Hampshire, $77,705.36 and two mills. Every state is listed two. You know what mill is? He's gonna go to a gas station. What's gas? 349, and 9/10 that nine Mills over 10. That's what that is. Yeah, that's how it was done. Repeatedly in 1800s was done this way, but they won't enslave you the International Banksters. Okay, so next slide. So what they did, they put out the 16th Amendment, pretending that the Constitution was changed with the 16th Amendment of the US Constitution when it was not let's read it. Okay, so Congress have the power to lay and collect taxes on incomes from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several States. Oh, so now we are led to believe there's no need for that direct taxes to be divided among the states and build to the states like you saw. They pretended that next slide. Okay, but the Supreme Court and by the 660 memos in 1913 took place, and it was challenging in his courts, at the Supreme Court in Stanton versus Baltic money company in 1916 Let's go. Next slide refers to this Bruce shaver case in 1913 said they 16th Amendment was is constitutional. What they did, they asked a wrong question and got the wrong answer. Nobody argued that it applies only to people of Washington, DC, okay, so that's why and territories at the time, that's why they got the wrong answer. That's the indirect tax, because it cannot be a direct tax, as you'll see, does Bruce the Bruce shaper case? Yeah, right, but nobody argue about the status of the of the entity, right? Yeah, it was a setup. It was deliberately set up job. So buchaber case, now to refer to next slide, they say, What the buchaber case said in an easy to understand way. Next slide, guys back there, okay, so by the previous ruling, the buchaber case, it was settled that the provisions of the 16th Amendment conferred no new power of taxation. So if, before the 16th Amendment, the federal government could not do direct tax on you, like with a 1020 forum. How could they do it now? They can't. But who reads court cases? Folks? Nobody, just about just some lawyers, right? So that's how they tricked us to believe that 16th Amendment gave Congress new taxing power when the Supreme Court said it did not next slide, okay, what they you say? Well, payment. How they doing it? Then the income tax is completely constitutional. What they did? They use this power in Article One section eight churches saw his exclusive legislation, lawmaking power in all cases whatsoever, over such district which will become the seat of the government of the United States that's and like authority over all places for erection of forts, magazines, arsenals, dockyards and other needful buildings. In other words, federal government was given to do power to do whatever it want to do in DC and this land, DC was a swamp land, yeah, by Virginia and Maryland, federal government, they can say what you want. No, I lived there. So that's where they give that authority over that United States. So they're using the power they got over united states and DC by pretending that United States is the 50 states next slide as not the next slide. See here. Furthermore, Article Five, section three, Congress shall have the power to dispose and make all needful rules and regulations respecting a territory or property belonging to the United States. You'll see income tax law, FICA, Social Security. Access. None of them applied to 50 states. Apply DC or US territories. And that's why it's constitutional. It's completely lawful over there, not here in the 50 states. Next slide. So again, come back this Court of Federal regulation. One from one dash, one. Put it. Put it on who is a citizen. Okay, let's put a yellow on every person who's born or nationalized in the United States as w2 it's jurisdiction. That's the key point of that slide. Singular United States, not the 50 states. If it was the 50 states, he would say subject to their jurisdiction. Got it. It's singular Washington, DC jurisdiction. Okay, we're gonna highlight that next time. Guys, next slide. So that's my Supreme Court in downs versus Bidwell in 1901 case. Five to four. Majority said this. It was a convoluted case. I had to summarize it because it was four different judges said it's wrong. Don't do it. Five different decisions. Judges said you it's okay.

Unknown Speaker  2:46:17
Okay,

Speaker 5  2:46:21
the Constitution does not necessarily apply to the territories. Wow, really, the human US territories don't have the rights that we have, right for free speech, jury, trial, they don't apply to territories or DC. Instead, the US Congress has jurisdiction to create law within the territories, federal lands in certain circumstances, particularly those dealing with revenue or taxes which would not be allowed by the Constitution for the US states, see they wrote the law in 1913 based upon the Supreme Court case applying only to DC and or territories. There was a tax between Puerto Rico and other US territories. They threw it up there to get that decision out of Supreme Court. So that's why, though, the income tax law is constitutional. Five constitutional social security laws are constitutional. Over there. Now, here, next slide. So Imma, show you the 1930s the very first Income Tax Law. Okay? Next, next slide. It says, right there, every citizen of United States, person resigned United States attacks on 1% this is it. There's a 1913 law. But what United States is it? Let's go next slide, and we'll see. Because the next slide, we show you the definition of the United States, okay, there's a tax rate one to 6% first it was 1% not anybody making over 20,000 or more, which was in two days, money would be $2 million or more. You paid 1% Yeah, the last one 6% was you made over 500,000 over 50 million. You made in today's party. So you see, you got the Campbell's nose under tent. The courts is constitutional, very low rates, very which applies to them. Yeah, it's all. Nobody cares. Gradually they raise the rates. You see, that's how they just like corruption, FBI, DOJ, it didn't start with Donald Trump or January 6. They go down for a long time. It's just more obvious in your face. Now next slide, and would you look at that the definition of a tribunal United States say that 1913 law on the top, 1913 that the world state, or United States, when used in this section, see, shall be construed to include any territory, Alaska, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the Philippine Islands, when it says construction is necessary to carry out these provisions. Do you see any of the 50 states listed? There? Not one. Right. Garrett, do you see that 50 states anywhere in there 1930 tax law folks, right? And but they mentioned Philippines, no, because it never applied to the 50 states. And they knew it okay. Next slide. So guess what? In 19. 54 the definitions became part of Section 7701 that you saw earlier when used and this title, title, 26 next slide, okay, and look at the United States. And state now in a nine and 10 define United States in the geographical sense, includes only the state territories of Alaska and Hawaii and DC state same thing, right? Territories and District of Columbia, all other territories, you know, the United States were taken up, but they were in states. Right? They left in the states like Philippines, like portico is in states. Next slide by 1959 look at the change. Here's what they did. They amended the law second line at the end, amended by striking out the territories of Alaska and Hawaii and inserting the Territory of Hawaii, because Alaska became a state its people could not be taxed. Look at again, next one under definition of state against go back under the second line right and toward the end, they amended that state definition by striking out territories and started instead in Luther of Territory of Hawaii. So the only territory left was Hawaii. No other territory is there. And here's the last, alright, you see it anywhere? Any other territories or Alaska, no only Hawaii and DC are left, right. Let's go next slide. Look at this one in 1960 on the top, July 12, 1960 they changed the law again, again. The first one, you see second line toward yet the amending United States definition by taking out the Territory of Hawaii, the following J against second line, they take out in state definition, striking out Territory of Hawaii. Hawaii is no longer territory. They say, yeah, yeah, territory Hawaii. Why? Why they take a church, Hawaii became a state, and that's exactly, go back, go back. That's, that's right, yeah, territory Hawaii's out. Hawaii's out, and they made the law affected. Look at that. The last one they made his amendments effective, August 21 1959 they had to backdate the law. Next slide to the day Hawaii became a state. The lawmakers in Congress, their lawyers, who write the law, know this. They deliberately did all this, see so it's not like they don't know what they're doing. They know what they're doing, but we didn't know what they were doing. We were kept ignorant. We're treated like mushrooms, kept in the dark, threw a bunch of BS at em and watch them grow. Right now, we we're no longer mushrooms. Okay? Next slide. So this is a common question comes up when people see this, they say, but my employer takes my paycheck. Can I stop that? Yes, you can, your employee. You can stop withholding from your paycheck by going for free, Freedom Law school.org everything you saw and you will see is that freedom law school.org, for free. Use it. And I will tell you again and again today, as you're driving in your car, I know you're stuck there. Everyone of you put it to work. I know you will not mostly sit down and watch it. You will not make the time you're too busy, so use that dead driving time to educate yourself. Otherwise it's not gonna happen. Realistically, we have questions at the end, guys, okay, we have questions. Next slide. Now, after lunch break, I'll cover this topic. Stop filing up tax forms. Why? Because you literally do it yourself. Why did I put this because the guy got my milk from I had told them that he said, Hey, Mom, I know you about the law, but I'm still going to do the safe thing and for. My taxes anyways, I thought, oh my gosh, he doesn't realize. And you don't know, the thing that gives irises power is that doggone form you'll see you sat under oath. So let's take a break for lunch. Is right now. But after for an hour and a half, folks, we're behind schedule. I'm sorry. So let me warn you guys, after try not to get segway into conversations in the hallway, out there or out there. The sooner you are here, we can start. Ideally, we can do it now and 20 minutes, if not an hour and a half be they will start. We got a lot to cover, okay, cuz the good stuff is left for the end. The solutions are at the end. So be here at 140 or earlier, ready to start. One for ready to start. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai