Unknown Speaker  01:47
Good morning Good morning

Unknown Speaker  02:02
Good Morning team. What enjoy

Unknown Speaker  02:12
it's snowing here doing

Speaker 1  02:19
is how did you get to work? Right.

Unknown Speaker  02:25
That's a blast. I love you.

Unknown Speaker  02:33
Good morning. Morning Rissa. Tea, everyone's well doing well.

Unknown Speaker  02:57
Do we want to go ahead and go ahead, Michael?

Speaker 1  03:02
Oh, I was just ready to say if, if, unless somebody has something, you know, on the list, we could talk about permitting for sure. I think it's an interesting one that we could dive into. Is there something else in the list that somebody has?

Speaker 2  03:17
I have some questions on one particular client to follow up afterwards. So let's start with permitting. Because I think that's good for just global training.

Speaker 1  03:29
Sure, so this is an interesting one. So first of all, we are licensed contractor in the state of North Carolina and the state of South Carolina, not South Carolina, sorry, North Carolina and Virginia, not South Carolina. Getting a contractor's license is is a pretty daunting task, however, it'd be becomes more and more of an issue, it seems like as we go along, so things become more and more stringent two years ago, we did two or three years ago, we did not have a we only had contractor's license in North Carolina. And so Virginia is a really really stringent state as well. And so it became an obvious that we need to become a contractor in Virginia as well. So been a whole lot of time and actually received the contractor licenses as well. So, that being said, unless we have a contractor's license, helping a customer pool, their permitting, obviously is not going to be feasible. It doesn't work as a contractor. So that effect, we're only going to be at this point effective in North Carolina and Virginia on pulling permits. Typically, what we've done in the past, and we've done it multiple times is by providing the customer with our contractor's license by putting us On the contractors are ordered on their permit. We are taking that responsibility even though they fill it out. It's worked well. Now. We could take that a step further for sure. And make it a selling point, help these customers pull permits, there would need to be some research done as to what those fees should be to be, you know, obviously charged to the customer to take care of that. And some of the just as the details I know, Alan Miller has. Ohio district has tampered with that some I know, to a degree they've been utilizing that. We haven't really talked too much about that. But I do know Alan Miller, Matthias has been helping them someone that and it would maybe be well worth discussion with Alan on how that's going, how that's functioning, how that's been out, to help people with drilling permits. And based on that feedback, I think we could learn a lot and easily determined if it's feasible for operating that with our team. So I do think it could very possibly be a pretty compelling message to the customer where we can, we can tell them that we can provide them with hell, all of it, for sure. Now, at this point, it would apply to North Carolina, Virginia, we would have to would have to start that process of getting licensed in South Carolina if we were to include that. So a quick for the quick answer in this. Definitely Virginia, North Carolina, we do have those license number that we have actively been handing out to permit. If we want to take that one step further and help them with that. I think it would just need we would just need to do homework and and if you may have some thoughts on this, based on where we're at on that I did see on this customer Chasity reader from where your customer is that it might come up, correct on that particular customer would be a South Carolina customers, right? Yes, Michael? That's correct. And that's what was going to make this one difficult, because we are not a licensed contractor down there. Makes it a little bit difficult there. So it varies from county to county, exactly what they will require. And it sounds like this particular county is probably orange and it sounds like Yeah. And the little note they pulled online thing about right appears like is that where that comes from? Where it's a paying for the builder permits when using a contractor that the customer sends you that? Or did you pull that?

Speaker 3  08:34
Yeah, no, the customer sent me that. So I guess her partner was doing some research. And he came across that. And he sent it after the message of saying that our partner is concerned that we aren't helping with this. So that was

Speaker 1  08:51
I mean, it probably it probably speaks for aligns with the point that trying to sell a customer without ever having met face to face. That building trust thing is always coming into play where people are looking for things that just don't seem perfect or seem just a little off to throw it through red flags a lot quicker, I'm sure and so probably why this through Red Lake here. So it sounds like because we did not provide them with a license number. Only Virginia, North Carolina that seemed a little off and then they did a little deep deeper digging and this is where the ended up at is what it sounds. Yeah. So what's the what's the answer here? I mean, the answer short answer to the South Atlantic customers. We don't have a we're licensed Virginia and North Carolina but not in South Carolina. So if that's the absolute, you know, judge and the jury that unless we have that, you know, the are not moving forward. What other options do we have on that but Nuclear one. Matthias, you got any thoughts on that?

Speaker 4  10:04
Well, I mean, I don't know what kind of a role we're allowed to play, we're not allowed to play or we are related to any kind of hand holding, like, just, okay, next step, you need to go to your body, you need this information, you need to bring it back to us, and we'll help you answer the questions, we can fill it out for you. But we can advise you is that something? I don't know what to do. But is that an option?

Speaker 1  10:30
Well, I mean, what the customer can do is the customer can apply for a permit themselves, and do it like as if I'm doing it on self, I'm doing it through myself, I am the person like in charge of this and navigating this. And at that point, it's at his discretion how he wants to handle it. Now, if he wants the contractor to do it, that becomes a different thing. Because a contractor cannot do that for somebody unless He is a licensed contractor. In that particular state, even though we are licensed contractor, if we're not listed in their state is when it becomes an issue. They could do it themselves. But it sounds like they're just getting a little edgy. Yeah, that boosts our How do we know these guys are legit, but you know, we can tell them look. We will deliver your building. And you know, you can see upon arrival, don't have to do as until you until we arrive to make you comfortable. But beyond that. If we do our homework and and start offering help for pulling permitting, absolutely, I think there could be hand holding for these type of people. Ideally, I think, you know, we can, if we go down this road, we can do everything for you. If you want help, we can help you in learn those ropes. And we have way through.

Speaker 2  12:05
I never want to inject. Michael, I just want to inject from the investment perspective, a lot of times the permitting seems to come up prior to the sale of a building. And unless we have a confirmed sales order with a customer, I would be very hesitant to invest the time into pulling a permit for someone they have to pay for permitting, possibly in their county, they have to pay those fees to their county. And also the time invested in pulling a permit at a local local government office. A lot of folks I have spoken with have had to go down to the permitting office in person, they've had to actually show up and fill out a form, it's not been easy as far as digital. So I don't think we would benefit as a whole by offering that as a service unless there are select counties that we know are maybe more advanced and do it in a digital format. Like maybe the county that, you know, Charlotte Metro is in is has a digital process for permitting. If we're talking paper and faxing and getting people to sign off on forms, that's a huge waste of time for our team for very little return. If we don't have a soul building, already, like unless the building has been purchased, or if we're charging them for that service, like an administrative fee. There could be less I would be concerned about liability to that, as far as it's now on it should be on the owner of that property to secure permitting, because the liability falls with them. They're the owner of that property, not the contractor to pull it that I have not seen that done before. Maybe I'm completely naive to how that's typically done when a you know, contractor comes on site and does the building. But I always thought it was the responsibility of the property owner.

Speaker 1  14:07
I mean, that's how we've always handled up to this point, because there's been things like that. Right. And we have literally told people look, you know, we need to suggest that you go to the county and pull permits because that is what it wants to do. But we don't pull permits and neither do we look over your shoulder to make sure you do it. That's your your decision if you're going to run down to do that or not totally question is how we've handled it and we've sold sheds for 24 years that way, and it worked really well. So it's why we didn't take the decision of look if you if they get down to the county and the county says absolutely we're not and it happens about once a year. And interestingly it happened here just last week, but we get called about 10 times a year selling about 2000 sheds Let's say this particular county that I'm in the administrator there, who's in charge is saying, you cannot fill this out unless you, you put in a contractor's license number in this firm. And then we just say, Okay, here's a contractor's license number, put it in there, and we'll move on. Right? And that we tell the customer that while he's down there at the office, and he just read it in there, and then it's ever been rejected.

Unknown Speaker  15:28
Right, right. So

Speaker 1  15:32
I would like to make a motion that maybe I have a phone call and discussion point with Alan Miller. And this was this very conversation two years ago was a discussion point that we had among several different districts. And one district Ohio decided they are going to explore further explore the ability to get set up to try to digitally help people pull permits that want. And I would just like to have a conversation with him and see how that their work is working, if they're still doing it, if they did continue that, how that process has been working, and how helpful that's been to get on board. And if there's been any liability issues coming out of that, maybe as a next step before we blind moves to it.

Speaker 2  16:29
Does the comment. So I have a customer who's in Virginia, and he was given he needed a contractor number to complete his permitting. And we provided him the North Carolina contract number for vinyl structures. No problem. He got his permit, he was good to go. Is it necessary that the contract? The contractor's license has to be in the same state that the building is going to end up in. I don't know if the people at that office just didn't pay attention. But I don't know what standard.

Speaker 1  17:06
Usually, I'm really, really surprised because we have we have done that for Virginia before and that we weren't told that was in Virginia, given the North client and they said, Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, not at all. In Virginia, it will be like, it will be like, you know, 10 digit number you gave us so it wouldn't be Virginia, what's your Virginia? So I'm really surprised that so it varies so much from office to office, every it's it's going to come down to the staff member that's there. And some of them are really lenient, and some of them are really hard line and vary. So some states, I do understand except, like, other other states, numbers, and so you don't think to my knowledge Virginia typically does. So. for whatever that's worth. I don't think like this particular one that we had in South Carolina, if we had a South Carolina contractor's license would have sent it his way. I don't think there would have been any issue. Right, right. That's what caused the flag to come up. And why we did. So I'm going to propose that until I have a better understanding on that from Alan, let's move forward in that direction. Where we are lingo is pulling permits is something that we need to record, recommend them that they go to their local county to pull based on each individual county, every bit every county is different. But most counties, if the building is over 10 foot by 12 foot usually, and it varies from county to county, you'll need to check with the county, they will want you to pull a permit now. We don't pull permits, that's totally at your discretion. If you're going to go neither do we, you know, like back and make sure you do it. But that's what we need to recommend. And then if they do get down there, and there's an issue, which there's just a small chance that it will happen will readily provide them with and even the ones in South Carolina, we could try it being them our number for North Carolina. We are a licensed contractor in North Carolina, here it is. And maybe it'll work maybe it won't. Doesn't it doesn't mean he would need to pull it himself and go that route. But if I discover that it's just working so well, it's so easy. It just works for pulling permits for everybody and inland 50% of the sales. You know, absolutely we should

Speaker 1  19:55
I could have that conversation with Alan this week and see where that goes. As you probably have

Speaker 4  20:07
a good sphere, I think we get the thing that in this particular case, it's kind of like, here's a random online article, trying to establish that you guys are frauds, because you guys aren't doing this when we've been doing like this for 20 years, I think one question would be, do we have any kind of reputable, authoritative, something that we can provide back to the partner to reassure them? Again, not to get in arguing match or group? Who's got accurate information? But to assure them this is? This is standard group's responsibility?

Speaker 1  20:53
Well, we do have, I would, I would provide them with our I would tell them we are in North current, we are a builder in our facility is in North Carolina, build in North Carolina. And so therefore, our contractors license is here in North Carolina. And here's our number. And we're willing to ship across the state line, if your county allows it. And here's the number I think is how I would approach it, giving them the image that absolutely we are legit business here is the license number, contractor. We are in North Carolina willing to ship across the state line, if that works for you and your account.

Speaker 2  21:38
Yeah, maybe we can, depending on how your conversation goes with the folks in Ohio, the best tool, I think we can give a client if they have to walk this out on their own is some type of one pager guidelines or suggestions where we maybe have it split for if you're in Virginia, if you're in North Carolina, if you're in South Carolina, here is what we recommend a you know, reach out to your local county be here's your contractor's license number for your state, here's our address, no, just kind of give them the power to then take that information to the contracting office or the permitting office rather, just something neat and tidy that we don't need to send them copies of the certificate for the contractor's license, but maybe we do maybe that's a part of the packet that they receive is just here's the digital images you'll need. Ask us for engineer drawings, if that's a requirement at your particular locale. I think we could just tee them up to make it a little smoother, and then show them that professionalism that we are a religious business. We're not just throwing this on you. Without the information you need to complete a permit.

Speaker 1  22:54
You could provide them is our stamp drawings for their particular building, as well. Yeah, for sure bring like, this is something we take Erie County as well. It helps with the permitting. Because, yeah, it was the county of legit design and everything. So you're the are their standard rails.

Speaker 2  23:15
Right, exactly. And Tori, we could build that into our follow up process. So whether it's pre sale or post sale, if they're getting closer, we could build that as like, hey, you'd be expecting an email from me with these attachments. These are for the purpose of getting your building permitted, if it's required in your county, and just hand it off to them for that responsibility. Because I think there's a lot of folks that permitting is required, but they're not pulling permits. And that's where the liability question comes up. In my mind, if we make it standard practice that we're pulling permits for people then that's where I'm concerned that if we miss it, that's where we might get dinged, like, Oh, I was expecting you guys to do it. When it's like well, it's not actually a responsibility to hold the permit for that county.

Speaker 3  24:05
I have a question on the engineer drones that is that what we won't provide to them the engineer job drawings not the diagram,

Speaker 1  24:16
drawings. Those drawings be available to you in the notion or the wiki.

Speaker 2  24:26
I use this pretty frequently. Yes, they're in notion Tori, I can show you how to find them. If you haven't pulled them recently. They're kind of buried at the end of the training manual out there in notion. Okay, typically, I've been sending folks a floor plan and then a wall diagram and then they're good to go. And maybe there's also one for an electrical schematic if it's an old building has electric in it as well. So I usually just send them their dimensions for their floor and then depending on the shed or barn send them that type of wall configuration.

Speaker 1  25:04
Now, on those, those are also specifically stamped for each breach. State. So we have South Carolina, North Carolina and Virginia on those, just make sure you pull the South Carolina Stan wants to send her showing it's legit by the engineer for that state. So I mean, that would give you a legit document to send to him as well. Okay, more of a

Speaker 3  25:30
Yeah, we definitely need help locating knows. Okay, I'd appreciate your help.

Speaker 2  25:35
No worries, I'll send me some screenshots for the pathway. I think it's, you'll you'll find it fast. Okay, thank you. We're for this particular customer, because you kind of have them on the line right now, Tori. Michael, would you be okay, if we take that approach and say, Hey, we support you during the permitting process, but we don't pull the permitting for you. And here are the supporting documents that will assist you here's a floorplan wall diagram, contractor number from North Carolina you can try when you go to your permitting office to utilize this and just show them like good faith, but without actually promising them. We're going to do it for them.

Speaker 1  26:20
Absolutely. And that's very poor, three chairs is very typical. There are next to no, the rigid builders that pull permits for people actually don't know of anybody the industry other than this district in Ohio that's been tampering with it. That does it. It's standard procedure. Oh, yeah. If you want to pull permit, and there's probably only 40% of people that actually pull there's probably 60% of people that said, No, I'm not gonna get a perm, and I don't care. So we say, well, we sort of have a script to cover our bases. Right, me to recommend you to do it. And so we're off the hook. It's in your court, we don't pull them but if you decide to go do it, that's your decision if you decide not to go do it. And then here's all of the documents, supporting documents perfect. Maritza, would you say I would support that honor percent?

Speaker 2  27:17
Let me and I'll. Yep, we do help you. Yeah, it's like when I help my kids, I'm like, Yes, I'll help you wash your laundry. But you have to fold it. Oh, man, I'll get you that pathway this morning. torium blown up notion right now with some screenshots.

Unknown Speaker  27:38
I appreciate it. Thank you. Gotcha.

Speaker 2  27:42
Michael, can I pivot and ask a quick question. I've got a really big building. coming down the pike here for sale. It's the biggie. It's for a guy Oh, no, good. Yeah, it's like 30 grand. That's right. I'm so excited for this guy. So guys named Frank make Eisen stand. He's actually purchasing an under his business, which is called Maven stone LLC. He's a land developer. And he's trying to put a tiny house on a piece of wooded property and use it as a rental. So he's paying cash, so we don't have to worry about any art or to issues. He's in Virginia. And it's a 14 by 40. With the custom roof, this is the guy with the lean to roof pitch instead of the A frame. He's putting solar panels on it. So here are the questions. He would like to know the degree for the slope of the roof. And I think my follow up question to that is, can we work with him on what degree that would be? Because of the solar panel installation, post purchase? I don't know what flexibility there is there in the design of this, you know, slanted roof. And then the other question I had, so if we want to kind of hold on to that question. The second one is he's getting three interior paneled walls, making some bedrooms throughout the building. And when I was in the configurator, I haven't done this before. I didn't know how to add doors. So if I've added the doors now I finally stumbled through it and figured out how to add doors, the internal partition walls, but one of the walls does not run. It runs perpendicular with a long side of the building, not the short side of the building. So I wanted to ask you about how to best communicate that because it's basically is creating a bedroom with a wall that runs perpendicular to the long wall and then he's kind of teeing it off with a wall that runs parallel to the gable end. So he's making like a tea, essentially, with these walls. So just need some advice there because it's a big big building a big project for him. He's definitely a committed buyer. We're just kind of settling on these final nuances for this big building.

Speaker 1  30:19
Absolutely. So look first, okay, we are, because it's 14 wide, we are pinned in there a little bit as to what slope we can provide him, because of height. On the bottom side, we have to go tall enough to where we get clearance. So we're, we can't really go lower there. And then the front side, we are maxing out with height because of hauling it hauling height issues. And so we sort of have two restrictions on each side and sort of, and because it's 14 wide, we're at we're at the widest point. So we really are sort of trapped in there, getting you that slope, I can get you that that that number. But we'll be too, too awfully flexible there because of our being crafted there now doesn't mean that he can't articulate a little bit with get creative with his solar panel install, that absolutely doesn't have to lay on the exact same pitch, it could be installed at a different pitch on top, you know, absolutely. Whether it be steeper or less if he had to, so should not trap him. If it doesn't quite match. So that would be my answer to that. I assume you're probably wanting me to work on that and get you a like a pitch for that. Is that right?

Speaker 2  31:37
Yes, please, if you could, I think a pitch in the measurement being in degrees would be really helpful. And then also a overall, like the think he'll ask like, well, what's the highest point of this roof? And what's the lowest point of this route just for his visualizing of what the structure is going to look like? Sure.

Speaker 1  32:05
Yeah, do that. And then as far as interior walls, you know, absolutely on the ones you can place in there, do that. And that automatically gives you the pricing and everything in the door for the inside, putting them in there, you can put the swings, left or right, you can do all of that and show that now, if you want walls to run the opposite direction, then what you're able to do, you would just need to do a hand drawing for that, unfortunately, and put those in there and then scan that into or attach a scan in to attach to the order so that it then prints out the long side so we can see that. And then as far as pricing goes, just price out the extra per foot like you can the ones that are not being able to put in by assist calculated by the foot and just do a hand or a separate back room for that extra footage for the pricing per foot and then charge it as a line item.

Speaker 2  33:03
Do you know that off the top of your head price per foot for an interior paneled wall?

Speaker 1  33:08
Sure, just one moment, there's a paneled wall and then there's a non

Speaker 2  33:24
a drawing that he's providing the into your head sorry.

Speaker 1  33:30
into your panel walls gonna be $75 a foot in that's paneled on both sides in the wellness doll, so that would just be the number you use. So if it's if it's an extra four feet, that would be four times 75 be $300.

Speaker 2  33:48
Perfect. I messed up when I quoted him originally, I quoted him all the paneled walls, but I didn't put him the doors because I didn't figure out that at in assists until later. Is there any way that we would be? Because he's such a big client? As far as purchase wise? Could we offer him a discount of any kind on those doors on those interior doors? Is there any wiggle room on what those prices are? I'll be adding them which is going to bump up his quote and I was just wondering if I could soften that blow a little bit with like a you know, a couple 100 bucks off or something like that.

Unknown Speaker  34:30
Are you offering him the 10.5 on the sale?

Speaker 2  34:33
I'm offering him 10 He doesn't know about the 10.5 so I'm offering him 10 Because he's already been pushing and negotiating for you know, what's your best price? He did show me a comparable with a competitor. And so I felt like it was important to offer that 10%

Speaker 1  35:00
So how would back to our labor in in the install, it would get pretty tight on these doors? There's not a whole lot of wiggle room of these, how would it look to him if we made a presentation of you and these doors, putting them in there?

Unknown Speaker  35:18
You know, obviously, we'll be also giving you the 10, the 10% off, and these is that probably not. Yet we're looking forward to get him on board. And those

Speaker 2  35:33
I don't think here's my thought, Michael, I don't think it's a deal breaker for him to have to purchase the doors. But I do think that this guy just based on conversation with him, he's in land acquisition and investment. I think if he buys this building, he'll buy feet, he'll buy more buildings, because he's the type of guy that's developing real estate. And he's putting these buildings on properties throughout Virginia, I think this is his first, though, at doing something like a tiny home that he can rent out. He's putting a Jacuzzi outside of it, he's doing like, it's like a house. I mean, he's decked it out with all of our options and features. So my hope was to be able to offer him our very best so that he becomes a return clients, I just have this feeling because of the conversations with him that that's a possibility. So

Unknown Speaker  36:29
so we could do

Speaker 1  36:39
we can do two things. I mean, obviously, you can, you can offer him up to 10 and a half percent, we appreciate you doing 10. So if there's if you need to do a little wiggle in that half percent, absolutely. You can do that. That's, that's no question. The other thing we could do is offered him something like, Hey, we'll toss in, you know, a free solar light or two to get you some little solar lighting there for convenience purposes. Maybe we've already talked about that. But that would be a little easy way where we can toss in some value without having to take too much off a pinata.

Speaker 2  37:11
Yeah, I gotcha. Well, how about this, because I've told him 10%. But I have wiggle room of a half of a percent. If I calculate what that dollar value is, but I frame it to him, and then I'm taking that dollar value out of these interior doors. Because I didn't get them in the quote early enough. It would equate to 10.5. But he wouldn't read it in his quote, as 10.5% off, he'd see 10% off, and then he'd see like a flat dollar amount for the doors. But we wouldn't go over 10.5 You feel okay about that. That's fine. Okay, I'll work with that. Okay, cool. I think that will come across to him as a big win, as far as you know. Yeah. Thank you. I appreciate the strategy on that.

Speaker 3  38:04
Hey, Michael, I do have a quick question. Is there a way to calculate insulation, but no paneling? I know they're together in assists, is there a way to separate that formula you have?

Speaker 1  38:17
We don't have a specific one. All of those, I do custom. All of those like customize. Okay. We haven't gotten enough of that to make for it to make sense to try to split things out and separate things. 95% of the time when left for one, they always want the other. They just want to be done. But it happens occasionally. And then we just do. And if it becomes like a burden, where it happens a whole lot and then obviously

Speaker 3  39:03
okay, I may be emailing you today about a guy that wants to he wants to use a portion of his shed as storage but he doesn't want. It's he doesn't want paneling. He just wants insulation. So I maybe email you about that about a

Unknown Speaker  39:19
price. Or send me an email. I'll get your number. Okay.

Speaker 2  39:23
Sounds good. Thank you for all those questions this morning, Michael, I don't have any more tour. Do you have any more reporting?

Speaker 3  39:35
Um, no, not for Michael. But did you all ever revisit the conversation about emails on Friday? And are we going to maybe put a link at the bottom of the website for customers to go and see their active quotes? So some customers, some customers are having an issue locating emails, so maybe that was a conversation between just me and Matthias but It calls they're not able to really find emails. So we were discussing a way that they could go to the website maybe, and see all of their active active quotes. So it doesn't get lost in their emails or they have a problem trying to find it.

Unknown Speaker  40:22
You didn't, Matthias.

Speaker 4  40:24
I'm sorry. I'm certainly certainly open to revisiting that. One of the things that I do wonder about is it seemed like your emails literally weren't getting through. And that's to separate deliverability issues. I don't know exactly where that's happening. But as a certainly as a workaround, that's something that's a value. And we are open to minutes.

Speaker 3  40:58
Okay, we can revisit it, I'll see how, how much more it happens.

Speaker 2  41:09
Yeah, document that as best you can, Tori, because I'm not experiencing the same issue. So I think we want to determine a little bit about why when they're coming from your email, if we can document it, like, where are they going? Are they going to certain addresses that we can see some type of common issue with like, I don't know if it matters if it's like a Gmail account, or an Outlook account that it's being delivered to, if that's a part of like the spam filtering on their side? And how we can make that more friendly for them. Images, like, did it have images in the email versus no images? Feel like that would probably help us determine like, why they're not getting it.

Matthias Miller  41:51
The other thing that was helpful that, I noticed, you said, I don't know, if you saw this, if you're part of this conversation, but versa, you mentioned you just have people search for your name. That's instead of searching for your email address.

Speaker 4  42:03
It's so much easier for people to to to find it. So let's, I think it can prove to be useful.

Speaker 2  42:16
And if they don't all who worry i resend the email while I'm on the phone with them. So it will be like immediately at the top of their inbox. Yeah. That's just like the only way it can trigger like get it in front of people's eyes. I think half the time when they're saying I'm not getting your emails because they just can't find it. Getting it, they just can't find it.

Speaker 3  42:37
Yeah, sometimes they probably don't even really scroll to look, they probably briefly just scan

Speaker 2  42:42
CT. Like if they're using Outlook, they might have you know, there's filtering for like your primary inbox versus secondary and even for Gmail like primary versus promotional, they may not realize that they have to look in their other inboxes and that could be why if they search the name, then it looks for all inboxes

Speaker 3  43:04
Yeah, good point, just as I've had them search a few times for my name or maybe even the dimensions like I'll tell them to type in like 10x 16 or something, whatever their shirt sizes but okay. Yeah, document see and see how how much more it happens but

Speaker 4  43:26
certainly, we'll see what it takes in our end we get something like that but together check around and email deliverability issues as well. Potentially, to be involved. Okay, sounds good. Have a great day everybody.

Unknown Speaker  43:49
Have a great day. Already


Transcribed by https://otter.ai