Matthias Miller  02:42
Hello, you. Hey. Hi there.

Speaker 1  02:45
Thank you so much for waiting on. Sorry, my previous meeting ran over.

Matthias Miller  02:49
Not a problem. So I want to make sure I get your name right. How do i pronounce your name

Unknown Speaker  02:54
is Manoj?

Matthias Miller  02:55
Menuett. Awesome. Cool.

Unknown Speaker  02:59
Where are you? Guys?

Matthias Miller  03:01
I'm located in Colorado.

Speaker 1  03:04
Okay, awesome. Awesome. So yeah, please go, please go ahead.

Matthias Miller  03:10
And your base where

Unknown Speaker  03:12
I'm in Vancouver, Canada.

Matthias Miller  03:13
Okay, got it. Yeah.

Speaker 1  03:19
So could you remind me how we connect I was trying to get before before the meeting. I was trying to collect some information. I couldn't apologize.

Matthias Miller  03:29
Yeah, no worries connected through Kevin Thompson. He he?

Unknown Speaker  03:32
Yeah, exactly. Yeah, yeah, that's right.

Unknown Speaker  03:35
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  03:37
Yeah. All right. So how do you know, Kevin?

Matthias Miller  03:41
So he's, I've been in his impacted legacy group for a little over a year. And I never even completely sure how I didn't get connected. Prior to that. I was. I did a one of his virtual roundtables prior to that, and I'm not even sure how I first ended up doing virtual roundtable

Speaker 1  04:03
noise. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, I'm curious to learn about so I, from what I now I gather, like you, you find new revenue streams for businesses or something to that effect train

Matthias Miller  04:16
correctly to new revenue streams, or sometimes it's as simple as tightening up what's going on inside already. And nothing really new needs to happen. But whether it's, you know, one way or the other, it's, it's capturing that capturing that revenue, or ultimately what I'm after is capturing, capturing the bottom line.

Speaker 1  04:40
Okay, profitability, okay. So, he's telling me like, you know, my work is related to artificial intelligence. So, I run a software consulting company, and we specialize in AI. When I say AI, like you know, not, not your usual Like AI experts these days like I have, I have been in AI for since 2006. I have four patents in artificial intelligence. And so we've worked with hundreds of startups, helping them build their products, software products. And we have also worked with a lot of fortune 500 companies like Microsoft and IBM, the mobile and such. So

Matthias Miller  05:27
mix. Interesting. And so and you're just reiterating in bees per year, specifically, are you are you focusing especially on helping software companies like that implement AI within

Speaker 1  05:43
not so much software companies, but more more like, you know, other types of businesses, software companies, as you know, like, you know, if you talk to if I talk to a software company, high likelihood, they'll say, Oh, we already are using AI, they may or may not be using it. But other traditional businesses, they generally don't have any technology skills. And now, now, with this new AI wave, everybody's like, getting more anxious about, okay, how do I modernize my systems? How do I, you know, like, some of these companies we are talking to, they come to us and say, Okay, we help, we need help in implementing AI. But when we look at their technology, they don't even have a basic CRM in place. So, you know, it's all kinds of these businesses. But the idea is that AI is on the mind of everyone. And that gets the technology conversation started.

Matthias Miller  06:49
Yes. Makes sense. Yeah, that makes sense. So, we'd love to hear a little bit more about kind of what would cut your will catch your attention about, about finding the finding the, the hidden revenue?

Speaker 1  07:05
Um, I think, what, what happened was, Kevin said, okay, you know, you you both should meet, and then he obviously, put a link to one of your posts, or one of his posts talking about you. And I found it interesting. And, you know, I respect Kevin, obviously, a lot. So, when he recommends somebody that hey, you should talk to him. I don't ask a question. I say, Yeah, please.

Matthias Miller  07:37
Yeah, makes sense. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, I'm happy to put together a little bit of a Google Doc as far as what I do with that. So I'm really happy to take this call, too. I mean, you know, Kevin, we, he exemplifies this, I tried to like, look, live up to it. So I'm here to serve. If there's any way I can help you move forward, I'm happy to do that. I do have a specific, a specific offer. Just just a kind of a little bite size. Offer to go dig in and look at what revenue we can capture. So I'm happy to send you a Google doc doc. Yeah, yeah, walk you through that. But yeah, what? I would love to hear a little bit too. With with that, like, what's the really tough nut that you're looking to crack right now.

Speaker 1  08:42
So in so specifically, in my business, you know, I get a lot of, I have a lot of attention, like, you know, I have a lot of visibility online, obviously, I have a lot of credibility as well, not just visibility. A lot of people come to me for help. And, and I'm not a sales expert, per se. So we are in the middle of implementing quite a few system CRM or you know, automated follow ups and things like that. So the biggest thing that we are working on is converting the people who are in our existing network. And converting a lot of those leads a lot of those prospects who know about our work. And then also like getting more referrals from people who have either worked with us or know about us. That's our focus right now.

Unknown Speaker  09:41
Make sense? What about you like what are your priorities right now?

Matthias Miller  09:49
Yeah, so I mean, my priorities have been well, here's here's the whole back the curtain, you know, the real real problem. I am a generalist. So I've, I've, I've gotten into, you know, in my history, I started out as a software engineer, develop software used by 45 of the top 50 banks and insurance companies in the US got bored with that, and went deep into marketing. That took me into the sales world, and took me into also have done a lot with I wrapped this up, I sold off part of my company at beginning of the year, but had been doing custom ERP development design, really, and working with businesses to map out their processes. And in some cases, as you well know, it's a dear business owner, you need to get more clear about what the business process actually is. And you're not ready for any kind of software yet. Gotta go figure that out first. And so because of that, I had the opportunity to go deep into the operational side. When I was running the software company, we developed you think custom. And it's, you know, we, we started custom, really, and then as we continued on and grew, we kept moving increasingly towards personalized. And so we were able to build out some some trainings, some SOPs templates, those types of things were to the client, it looks very customed. But under the hood, it's just, you know, Mr. Potatohead. And so that got me into the especially with that, I mean, to the hiring a became certified in the Colby index, which is this is just one of those geek things, but yeah, you know, I'm really looking at Yeah. And, and then also went really deep into accounting. So we've got got, I've got a sizable manufacturing client, SRA sizable, it's not true, it's a, it's a, it is a small business there, they're probably around 30 million in revenue in their, across their locations, in a niche industry. Not really any systems. Some some systems for the industry, but not not fully. So we've been working with them, and building out accounting automation, which has gotten me deep into the accounting deeper into the accounting world and what I what happened before. So what that means is, I've got all of these different tools and tool sets and experiences and wins. And if I come to somebody and they say, Hey, I have everything, what do you want? The answer is always nothing. Which is, which is one of the reasons why. You know, putting putting together an offer like this gives us a chance to find the low hanging fruit and look at look at ways that, you know, potentially, potentially we can get results. The thing I'm really working to crack right now is, you know, just just continuing to fine tune how I communicate what it is that I do. And, and continuing to do it, do it for more people. And then as, as I'm continuing to build it out to build it out in a way that's scalable. And, and, you know, at the same time, what's really important for me is to have a business that's congruent with me, that's aligned with me that I know, it's I know, it can be challenging, but that I'm passionate about, and that that really fits the life that I'm that I'm looking to build. So okay,

Unknown Speaker  14:23
so what was your typical client?

Matthias Miller  14:27
So typical clients for me, or, I mean, it ranges from low seven figures to, you know, eight, upper end would be the mid eight figures maybe.

Speaker 1  14:44
Okay, yeah. And how do you get your clients now?

Matthias Miller  14:49
It's strictly relationships. I've got some friends that I know really well. And everything has been word of mouth. I've never really had an official funnel I've got friends who have consistently opened the door for me in various contexts. And I've found that the clients I enjoy working with value often value those types of introductions. So it has been, it doesn't really fit the internet marketing mantra of how you should build a business. But it's been working reasonably well. And I've basically been working on just doubling down on that and doing more of that,

Speaker 1  15:35
okay. And you have a team or you work by yourself.

Matthias Miller  15:39
I got rid of most of my team, I've got a project manager, part time project manager, I've got a personal assistant. And moving forward, I'm looking to, again, I came to realize I don't really enjoy managing people, I can do it, it's just not doing the day to day. So moving forward, I'm looking to build leverage through subcontractors, systems, other types of automation, those types of things?

Speaker 1  16:10
Um, I mean, one thing I can say like, you know, so tell me a little bit about the ERP stuff, like, do you still do ERP or no?

Matthias Miller  16:21
I've been doing? Yes, I'm still still involved in in that, I enjoy it. I've I've not been I haven't pushed it really hard. But, but I've got a lot of experience in that space. Probably. Probably less experienced, kind of, ironically, with off the shelf, you know, NetSuite, SAP gets cetera with those specific solutions. Yeah. But conceptually have have a lot of a lot of experience and knowledge and in them in the software, and then how it ties out. I actually wrote an article entitled, escaping ERP, hell, which,

Speaker 1  17:11
what platform are you most? Like? How can I What is your favorite platform for like implementing ERP?

Matthias Miller  17:25
I don't think this is necessarily favorite, this is what we've done. We've done. So here's the unique arrangement, the my my original employer, built, they have a ground up stack, so and including transactional database, database schemas, custom expression language, and then built in reporting tools. And, and, you know, a fairly fairly extensive stack of tools built on top of that. And so for these systems, it's got high support for high transaction volumes. And, and it's, it's well supported, it's robust. So for these systems, we actually built it on top of that platform. Okay.

Speaker 1  18:14
Like, is it like, how does that work? Like, is there a software costs involved? And because there isn't, okay, let me give you some context. Like, I work with some small businesses, as I said, like, when we go in there, they come to us asking for AI solutions, but many times, they don't even have the basic system setup. So in some cases, it's like they need a CRM, but in some cases, they actually need a actual ERP, like for quite a few things. And they're not in a not in a position to be able to spend a lot on the platform itself. So they they tend to look for like open source platforms and things like that. And if that is something that you are, that is in your wheelhouse, then maybe we you know, I can like, think about a few opportunities that that come to mind. So

Matthias Miller  19:25
so in this case, in the case of building on this platform, that's not really an option for them. I'm sure that's, you know, the well I'm assuming not if if you the the development is in line with an implementation costs for NetSuite, etc. Usually, usually 50 to 100k up front and about 10 to 15% of that and on an annual contracts. I've had I've had an interest to go deeper into something like oh, do I Um, and you know, but I've never, especially because of especially because of some of the customizability. Once you get into that space, it's, it's really interesting to me, but I've never really had I've never actively pursued it.

Speaker 1  20:28
Okay, okay, so. So let's say there is a client like that, let's say what I mean. So NetSuite you said is like about 100k. But let's say we go with ODU, or something like that, like, do you have an idea of the top of your head, let's say, you know, I'm working with a company with 45 employees right now. And they are into environmental testing. And I think they really need an ERP solution. So like, just off the top of your head, in your estimate, like, what kind of number can we give them so that they don't first get scared, or and they find some value? You know, what they're doing?

Matthias Miller  21:22
Well, I would, I would say that, I mean, here's how I advise people to handle ERP systems is, you always, always, always have to start with what is your business at what are your business processes, what does it need to support and that's the so here's what there's two ways you can you could pursue an ERP one is, go write a check for whatever it is, it's a one size fits all solution. And what you get is what you get, and you end up either conforming to the ERP, or you end up writing scripting and automation to try to bridge that gap. And, and, and then what what ends up happening is, if so, what I encourage most people to do is actually build out the, what is the business, what is needed on the business side of things to execute. And then that's your measuring stick, and you hold up the ERP system against that, for example ODU. And, and determine determine whether that fits. The advantage of that is that you don't fall into the especially once you start looking at commercial projects, you don't you don't end up falling for a great sales pitch, without confirming that it actually does what you need it to do. So the way that I would approach it to avoid them getting scared is I would probably start with a rare I would start with a discovery. Along those lines of let's build out first and foremost, what the requirements actually are, and how this will benefit the business. What are the what are the implications, and it can't it could be that you know, if, for example, the sales team is the most the type of business but you know, if the constraint is in the sales team, or in the marketing side, that, well let's go roll out the CRM. And let's get that implemented with positive ROI. And then and then move on to the next piece.

Speaker 1  23:38
In this case, I don't think it's the it's not a CRM, it's more operational, like you know, they have problems with the scheduling of their employees, they have problems tracking incoming orders, they have a lot of processes that that need to be like, you know, standardized for repeat customers. So, and they have like two or three departments that come together to like, fulfill the orders. So, so how much will discovery cost?

Matthias Miller  24:17
So typically, typically, if we, if we do a one day, if we can do it in a single as in a one day, it's 5k. And that's, that's essentially digging into having conversations with stakeholders and collaboratively putting together the, the full scope of work really, you know, interviews and discovery. Okay,

Speaker 1  24:51
okay. All right. So, okay, let me let me put this in. In my I'd like to let me talk to them as well and see what other contexts that I can think about. What else can I do to help?

Matthias Miller  25:10
No, I mean, this is great. I don't I don't really? I don't really know. Yeah. I mean, I'd flip the question back to you. What's mean, and I'm happy to send over the I consider that Google Doc, we can talk about that. And that might be one practical way to help. Is there any, any other ways that

Speaker 1  25:34
that I can help you? Yeah, I mean, yeah, please do send the Google Doc. And I mean, along the same line, like, you know, if you come across people, companies who are looking specifically for AI implementations, or any products that they want to build, or they want to incorporate AI, somehow, I mean, the thing is, like AI is going to, people are slowly waking up that okay, they need this technology. But if you come across somebody who's, you know, actively working on it, that could be a good way to collaborate.

Matthias Miller  26:12
So potentially, a

Matthias Miller  26:19
if you have somebody who all right, well, let's let's do this, I have a feeling that we're going to one way or the other, we're gonna need a follow up conversation. So I noted, this is good to know. And I got my own little going a little list of folks to keep in this short list of where to send recommendations. So I'm gonna, I'm gonna put you on there and

Speaker 1  26:51
yeah, okay. Sounds good. Yeah, please do send me the Google Doc. And then let me have a look at it. And then then we can have follow up. Go from there. Sounds good. All right. Great.

Matthias Miller  27:05
Thanks. Yes, thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai