Unknown Speaker  01:05
Mr. Ban Hey there Willis hope you're not scared that I'm on time now he was gonna message you if you're remembering it

Unknown Speaker  01:36
I think you're going to run to the restroom real quick. Sure you're just up so.

Unknown Speaker  02:45
I told Ben I hope you're not scared that I'm on time this time

Unknown Speaker  02:54
sheet Yep.

Unknown Speaker  02:57
Okay, what do you want to go? Got an hour here?

Unknown Speaker  03:00
Oh all right

Unknown Speaker  03:07
so we've got we just double check what we got on our list here. Yeah, well first go through the some things in GTK um, and then there

Speaker 1  03:28
we are this close to being done with the phased array design here.

Unknown Speaker  03:34
So feels good. And a few questions for you and a few questions for the client.

Speaker 1  03:45
So first off formatting question. We for the months switching scheduled seconds we're specking out with a comma.

Unknown Speaker  04:00
Normally you don't put commas between month and year but that's just English convention

Unknown Speaker  04:09
I think I would have said set my head

Speaker 2  04:14
should you comma between month and year. You do not need Do you don't need commas and dates when you only write the month and year regardless whether using British or American. Okay. So it's only if you had the day.

Unknown Speaker  04:35
Sure. Oh, learn something. Yep. Okay

Speaker 1  04:49
cool. And then Okay, so this in our in phase one, we had a whole special section for Calculating check in dates and like where to look at for calculating these different dates and whatnot because it all replays at this point it basically comes down to what is the next check in what are what is the check in month on the region record to look at sure Shall we just make sure all of these things are incorporated into the corresponding fields you know the records this is what it boils down to here like to have still have a separate section just for extra clarity

Speaker 2  05:50
Why don't we keep it a separate section and then if later on, you want to combine it and you can think so.

Unknown Speaker  06:02
Sounds good

Unknown Speaker  06:12
and I will just actually put a note in here

Unknown Speaker  06:26
note that and then here. All right. Two questions I thought we had planned to ask this.

Speaker 1  06:39
Anyway, the customers needing check in report is it's pretty handily overhauled here all the blue is his changes. And so we're going to the big change I've of course being going from dates to months. Yeah, sure. Once you have other changes as well, so like columns, lips columns, like this, this was the last check in date. Now let's check in month and this was checking frequency I think now it's checking schedule. And in there a lot of other changes too. So we left it in blue, because I'm not sure if you're going to want to just completely do a new report for base at all and rework the existing report but left it in blue so that you can see what what sure and other needs to be decided now but sure.

Speaker 2  07:46
I mean, it's pretty probably pretty helpful that leave it in blue for now and then we just you know the check in schedule, is it pretty clear what that check in schedule is? Is that the January January comma April comment cetera Yes, you got it? Sure. Sure. Excellent.

Speaker 1  08:11
Good. So anyway, if when we send it to the client if we want to just move like turn all this to black and move the majority copy this down into sure we could do that we can do that. So there's that and then also we have we're allowing them to edit tags the customer tags contact tags from the middle pane in this report, we're going to click a button to open the child screen to to edit tags for a selected customer and wondering is this going to does it automatically handle multiple customers

Unknown Speaker  08:59
one row and they tried to do multiple rows

Speaker 2  09:05
oh wait a second. edit tags for selected the if you want to do it for selected as a mass now is it editing tags on the customer or on the it okay the do the tags because this isn't what kind of is this a customer report or contact report?

Speaker 1  09:27
Isn't a custom report. Where your contacts Yeah, it isn't. Contacts. Okay. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  09:38
it looks like it is it doesn't have other editable fields.

Unknown Speaker  09:45
The the right pane?

Speaker 2  09:48
Well, does the left pane have any editable fields? No, this

Speaker 1  09:52
is only this will be adding an editable field to the left pane. It currently doesn't have any editable.

Speaker 2  10:05
Okay, what's tricky is that what we're going to have to do is for the, if you want to, we had never talked about doing it for multiple records at once. So if you want to do that, then we will it's not a child screen. I mean, it might look a little similar, it's going to be asked prompts. And it could be, it'd be

Speaker 1  10:31
it's fine for it's not be I wasn't planning on, I was not planning on having it be from multiple. But when we were working on day, I had a question of what happens is, if they have multiple ones selected, and click, it'll

Speaker 2  10:46
just do it on the whatever URL you click on. Okay. I mean, if that's okay, then let's just leave it like that. Otherwise, we have the right next 30. Right. No, I'm fine with that. So we should just add tags for selected should just be renamed to edit tags.

Speaker 1  11:03
Okay. And just specifies that we know, confusion before applies any changes just to the row that was

Speaker 2  11:20
okay. I mean, we probably we may need to come up with terms for this. You could use a term to the current customer row. So let's reserve the word selected to mean when you're when you have multiple rows, and then just use the word correct when you say a single one. Okay, sure. I also toyed with using the word highlighted but that almost sounds like a synonym to to select it. And if you say current you know that there's only one so

Unknown Speaker  12:03
that it'll be abundantly clear. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  12:12
Sounds good. And then

Unknown Speaker  12:25
me, maybe we will do

Unknown Speaker  12:34
anything else here that we should hit?

Speaker 1  12:44
Okay, yeah, here's a fun one we can dig into this will help us then going forward on other things. We

Speaker 1  12:59
Alright, so talking about types for the devices. We had these three. And then we're talking about really, to narrow it down more like, anyway, long story short, we talked to the client. Yeah. What is the most like, boil down distinction that they think of? He says the main distinction in their mind is managed versus non managed. So wondering if we would actually take type of type be managed and non managed? Sure. And then and then we would need to break it down versus to printer versus other, and customer owned versus least, least being thinking. And I knew we had gone from like least to thinking around, but he wants to rein it back to the least

Unknown Speaker  14:06
I can that will just be renamed to ownership.

Unknown Speaker  14:11
This one here? Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 2  14:14
So so it's either customer owned or leased? That's clear. So this is a device, device. type, type and subtype.

Unknown Speaker  14:34
Or maybe this will be category.

Unknown Speaker  14:38
device type device

Unknown Speaker  14:47
what is this?

Speaker 2  14:48
I mean, I don't love I mean, I don't I mean, it's not terrible to do manage to me to say the type is managed or unmanaged or non managed. That's probably fine to call it type and subtype

Unknown Speaker  15:09
I mean another option would be to do have three types of

Speaker 1  15:17
we have managed print or managed other and non Managed Printer but it I mean in

Unknown Speaker  15:30
some ways

Unknown Speaker  15:39
well is that

Unknown Speaker  15:39
a nicer interface for him

Speaker 1  15:48
Hmm The other option would be it maybe would be another third option would be to do keep type is manage the non managed and then have subtype be customer and printer lease printer leased other

Speaker 2  16:13
and if it's non managed the only one that it could be is the customer print is a customer item right

Unknown Speaker  16:20
right although

Unknown Speaker  16:41
I mean

Speaker 2  16:52
I think I like a drop list of type with three options man Managed Printer and well I don't care what order it is Managed Printer managed other non Managed Printer and if it's managed if it's Managed Printer then we have we show the ownership field

Unknown Speaker  17:20
what do you think of that let me think through why I'm partly because if it's non managed then I mean I'm not completely convinced if we'd have better names for these three I feel better about it

Speaker 1  18:01
again, we could go back to these three types and a managed checkbox or managed yes no drop list

Speaker 2  18:18
I'd also be fine with that I think I think I like both of those better than going out to three me to do with a new design

Unknown Speaker  18:35
so I'd be fine with either

Unknown Speaker  18:49
because if it's a thinking printer is always managed right

Speaker 1  18:56
yeah, although like I guess there would be the possibility that sometime in the future they would maybe want to track inventory more you know, I mean they're technically this still handles it if they have a thinking owned Managed Printer the customer is done with the lease they bring it back and stick in their warehouse. It's still a thinking go and manage printer but it's just not being it's not currently being leased.

Speaker 2  19:31
Well see okay if you do it this way. And then then you have a managed checkbox and then eventually the Manage yes or managed yes no, which is used for customer printer. Then eventually for thinking printer we could have, we might change it to manage non managed or inventory or something like that? Well, yeah, I think you want to make it yes, no, because it feels to me like management is so important that you want to require them to specify it.

Speaker 1  20:37
I think I personally like option two better. But we can also take them to the client and see what

Speaker 2  20:46
I think I do to actually, I think you should do option two and just a PA and have asked me to apologize for taking you down a rabbit trail.

Speaker 1  20:58
Now we've been, we've been around around this mulberry bush a few times trying to figure out what, what's going to be the best way to do this.

Speaker 2  21:05
I like option two, let's just do that. And he'll be happy with it.

Speaker 1  21:09
Because it does model like what he was saying as far as what he sees is the biggest distinction of managed versus non managed. So it does allow for that distinction. Then it breaks the others into three. Rather.

Unknown Speaker  21:28
If Yeah, yeah, I like

Speaker 1  21:31
that. And I think it also opens the door for like, additional device types in the future if the

Speaker 2  21:37
Right exactly. Yeah. Yeah, sounds good. Okay, so we'll plan to do that.

Speaker 1  21:58
Now, here's another brainstorming item, there's the fact that an email account is a isn't a device. Do you have any other good thoughts or good ideas for what to call? I mean, this would be renaming the whole record. Yeah.

Speaker 2  22:16
But the problem with that is that the the customers printer is clearly not an asset for thinking, I think you call it a device. I mean, sometimes having something that's crisp and slightly wrong, is better than having something that's is accurate and confusing. And fuzzy. So I like calling a device and we shoehorn the printers the emails into here, and yeah, it's not quite right, but it doesn't cause that much confusion

Unknown Speaker  22:53
like that, okay.

Speaker 1  23:10
All right. So this is has to do with warranty details for the device. There are some devices that well, so these notes here, if a machine is replaced under warranty, the second machines warranty is a continuation of the first. So my thought is that we would just probably as create a copy of the old device record and basically decommission the old device with us record the record with the device and then carry over the warranty details so that we can have a fresh you know, resets the page counts resets the serial number, but keeps the warranty information the same and other details the same? So you don't have to manually create a new record with all of that it doesn't happen very often. They would this would be sometimes when they'd want the copy would be for a manage a thinking go and but well either thinking going to work customer and manage printer.

Unknown Speaker  24:20
I think my idea would be to have

Speaker 2  24:27
Yeah, now, are you sure? Okay, there's two ways to do this. One is to clear a certain number of fields. And the other one is to only copy a certain number of fields.

Speaker 2  24:46
And I'm thinking just in general, I would feel more comfortable only copying a certain number of fields, but I might be wrong. Because I just feel like otherwise we'll start having too many things copied over

Speaker 1  25:03
So you're, although we want almost everything copied over,

Unknown Speaker  25:10
okay? Okay?

Speaker 1  25:13
The only things we don't want copied over are serial number, page counts, device ID and installed eight. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  25:21
so show me your show me your the mock up for device record

Unknown Speaker  25:47
Okay, so

Unknown Speaker  25:51
page counts not Needs Review is copied

Speaker 1  25:59
that only gets sent periodically. I mean, I guess there could technically be times when it's set when when it gets copied? To find that would be a good question to ask him.

Unknown Speaker  26:18
low notes would be copied, I guess this printer is having problems, we might need to replace it.

Speaker 1  26:26
Yeah, I can see three times you'd want to copy notes and times you wouldn't want to copy or like you said that you want to be so that you don't want to?

Speaker 1  26:47
And then there's we don't have the whole warranty section in here. But there is a whole warranty section that go in here as well or gets copied? Yeah, yeah. So either way, whichever I mean, it's going to be more fields that get copied and get not copied. So whichever way you want to spec it out, we could.

Unknown Speaker  27:22
Now, did you say that

Speaker 2  27:24
the base charge itemization? Did you plan to copy that?

Speaker 1  27:27
No. I think or not would be the is this true that can be skipped as well? Because that's going to be like the historical billing for that's that particular device. And now the device is replaced. It's a new device. So yeah, that should get skipped soon. Sure. Yeah.

Speaker 2  28:05
Basically, you just need to review I think you need to review the whole screen and make it pretty clear what gets copied or what doesn't get copied.

Speaker 2  28:18
And either way you do it, you're going to have surprises one way or another. Either we're not copying enough. We're not copy or we copy too much. So.

Speaker 1  28:40
Sure, and then so is it in your, in your estimation, is it? How much work is it to copy to do an X 30 like this that would create a copy with certain fields set would put a little bit out of note on the screen, and would

Speaker 1  29:11
would probably change the old device devices status. Like if it's something that they're only doing several times a year, haha, is it worth I mean, there's a trade off. One is we code the next 30 for them. And all they have to do is click a button and it all happens. The other is we don't do the x 30. It's cheaper for them upfront, but then it's a kind of complicated process to do. They have to have good documentation or contact us or it's going to be right. There's that time and all that does the manual time involved with

Speaker 2  29:51
Yeah, and it's more I think the bigger problem is just the chance for getting things wrong and or support to help them figure out how to Do it

Unknown Speaker  30:02
that as well. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  30:03
yeah

Speaker 2  30:08
so if we do all this linking and stuff, you'll click a button and bam, things get switched over. But they'll probably probably click a button they have to type in the serial number and then just bam, things get switched over. And that's that. So

Unknown Speaker  30:27
the new serial number Yeah, they type

Speaker 2  30:30
in the new serial number, because we won't open up and we can't open up the detail screen for I mean, so there's two elements we could link and they'd open up the detail screen, but there's nothing but then it's hard to change the old device status with that or to you know, modify agreements and stuff like that. So it probably will not Oh, it probably is just a prompt for any required fields. And if any fields or if there's any required fields that aren't specified, then the button will fail.

Unknown Speaker  31:18
In we've may

Speaker 2  31:21
hopefully I think we can run after an import runs we can we can run a report I can make that report open up the detail screen I think you can say the new detail screen will open in renal will open this new saved detail screen will open after the import runs. Okay, I'm pretty sure we can do that and I'll give guidance on how to do that because then they'd be left I mean everything's done and they'd be left staring at the screen right they could undo it easily but that's probably fine

Unknown Speaker  32:12
okay

Unknown Speaker  32:20
and this is something we need to think through a little bit more

Unknown Speaker  32:33
actually, this is that we can work with cleaning that up but Okay. Sounds good.

Speaker 1  32:52
Okay, yes, there is also they track the for, for non managed devices, the amount of managed printers that they sell. We, they will track them the manufacturer standard warranty. And then thinking will also sell extended warranties that are then stacked on top of each other without the manufacturer's warranty. My plan was to have a have fields here for the manufacturer's warranty, and then an RG for extended warranties, because we'll be the idea is that there are certain extended warranties that apply to different printers. And so we'll have on the on the model sales item record we'd have an RG


Transcribed by https://otter.ai