Unknown Speaker  00:42
Hey Matthias How are ya? You're muted. There we go.

Unknown Speaker  00:50
Trying to be a little better. Now we're good.

Matthias Miller  00:53
We're good. How you doing? Good yourself. Doing good.

Speaker 1  00:58
How's the beautiful sunny state of Colorado treating you

Matthias Miller  01:01
today? It's amazing. I, I've had a few push weeks. And so I went up to the springs this morning and hit up some of my favorite places and had a little bit of an easier, easier day to day. So

Speaker 1  01:15
yeah, that's good. Yeah, Eric said it's a little bit hot out there this week. But it's been. We were out in June and man, I never saw it. So green is pretty

Matthias Miller  01:26
incredible. It's time to get everybody hooked on Colorado, because

Speaker 1  01:32
while that's good stuff, well, I have I got to cut out at three. So you called you called the meeting? So I will I'll let you have the floor and tell me what you what do you got?

Matthias Miller  01:49
Okay, sounds good. Well, I'm in this place. I mean, I don't know when this place started or stopped. But you know, there's, I've continued to be in kind of on the hunt of, of what's this thing that that I think, where do I fit in the business world? Let's just say like them, and maybe even where do I fit in the world. And so over the last, you know, background, the software development, over the last number of years would be helping a client in the shed shed industry build out an end to end software system. And to keep taking a peek. I just had this I talked to the client yesterday. And they were they were talking about somebody else's visualizer. Ours is only two dimensional, but sort of the level of controls that we've got on making sure you can build, build the wonky stuff. In comparison to some of the single leading apps, there's definitely some some things that we've done that that are, I think, I think they're pretty unusual, we're in the middle of doing helping them switch to accrual accounting, fully integrated into their, into the manufacturing back end. And so, a little over a year ago, they asked me to come on help, help run their marketing, helped them build out a sales team, and ran into basically ran into some snags. And ultimately, we couldn't compete on the prices from, like the lead gen companies that are that are popping up. And there were lessons learned, I think, on both sides of the table. I don't pretend I don't think I've done everything. Everything right, I don't think they do either. So it didn't end as well as we'd hoped. But it kind of unlocked this whole. I mean, it's it's gotten my mind rolling. So I'm kind of in the, in this process of evaluating what what are options, or what are places to go. Just for myself personally and kind of, I think it'd be clear where where your opinion might weigh in on this. First of all, it's been clear that we just just over the last literally 24 hours, I realized that there's a whole space for something called Reb ops which is all about end to end alignment between sales, marketing and operations, about efficiency data management, data tracking, and that's that's really where in an informal way that's a lot of what I've been trying to pull off and wasn't really wasn't wasn't didn't have the language for it. So that's something that that's that's one way I think, pretty well captures my interest in skill sets. Now there's also this question of do I want to be in the shed industry or not? And if so, what does what is it interesting, well aligned role in the industry look like? I'm not interested in starting another Legion company. I'm actually not even that interested in running a business by myself. I would say that I'm I am It's not entrepreneurial, nothing perhaps too obscene to be a creative entrepreneur, maybe to be entrepreneurial to be a straight up manager. Yeah. Nobody knows where I've been or what to do with me. We were doing some interesting stuff on the marketing front, and the client still owes you money. But look at this around using using shared pixels to identify visitors to the website, even if they don't, don't opt in, looking at some some cold email campaigns, perhaps Outbound Sales Team direct mail, you're just seeing that stuff with direct mail targeting towards based on the consumer database model of historical customers. Yeah, that stuff is like,

Speaker 1  05:46
I just a little side note, and I'll let you continue. But I just found out about that technology, like two months ago. So I was on a website. And the next thing I know, within minutes, I started getting marketing emails. I'm like, what the flip is away. I know for a fact I did not opt into anything. I know I didn't. So I called Natalie out there in she's in the springs, and I've worked with her in the past. I'm like, What is going on? Do you know about this technology? She's like, Yeah, I just started implementing it. I'm like, that is pretty dang invasive, if I knew anything about it, but she's like, Dave, it's gonna make you truckloads of money. Like, it's awesome. But she's been, she was saying that car websites have been using it for years, but nobody else anywhere was using it. Like it was a very, like, I don't nobody knew about the technology or something. But anyway, with all the privacy laws and accepting cookies that now pop up, is what makes it all legal. So anyway, keep going. I'm tracking you. It's, it's crazy. It's nuts.

Matthias Miller  06:53
It's nuts. So so. So I don't want to i i love innovating, pushing the envelope. I don't want to run an actual ship company. I know I was talking to Bradley Kimberlin the other morning in he was talking about, he's talking about some of the roll ups that are happening right now. I think there's opportunity for I think there's an opportunity for a brand that is basically a sales and marketing front end brand with some basic simplicity that that pushes out to Amish builders and pushing out the Amish shed pretty hard. Yeah. And there's a unified front end grand for Amish sheds. Yep. I'm preaching. I also don't want I also read was also saying there's two kinds of shed owners, there's the salespeople who don't do apps, and there's the apps you don't do sales. Yep. And I know myself well enough that. I mean, I've always last year, all along as much as I could, but especially over the last year, double down on just investing myself improving, you know, getting in the right rooms, with material leaders. And the longer I go, the less time I want to be spending with people who are still trying to figure leadership out. I mean, it's fine if you're there, but that really quickly becomes the lid. So I wouldn't be spending my time with quality people. I think that's where my headspace is that I'm kind of in this weird place of like, thinking, praying, asking questions, having conversations, I'm like, where am

Speaker 1  08:30
I supposed to be? So all right. No, that's awesome. Are you good? Are you still you're still going? Oh, no, thanks for sharing. That's great. I, I totally get what you're, what you're saying is it's it's just it's finding your way. I mean, we all want to know what what were we creative for? I mean, we had talks about where God gives us the desires of our heart. So we know that the desires that come out of us are not from you know, Satan, they are God given desires. Now, if it's a desire on, I'm gonna go back and check, you know, down the street. Well, that's obviously not from God, but you know what I'm saying so, like, God gives us those desires, and then you know, we're trying to find our way in light. We started reading and kind of following and watching his guys program every night called he's scary can see Gary and Brenda kosi, they're based out of Ohio. And they are kind of financial type people and they they talk the talk and they walk the walk but they've been there like they've they were broke for nine years. They they you know, they've been there. And their big push is finding you know, like you occupy you take what God's given you and you run with it that that's your that's what you do. And you don't let fear do tait on whether you do it or not. But anyway, so on The Shed side, like I, you know, I've been, I've been in sheds since Oh, six, when we moved to Montana. We were there for five years, started a shed company up there, which is actually now Montana shed center, we started that in Oh, eight. And then we started the shed yard in 2010, had a couple shed lots Helen and billings for a year. And then we moved down there and 2011 started shed yard back up again, and 2012. So from the beginning, instantly out of the gate, some of the downloads I was getting was, it is to be a nationwide company. And it is to take an industry and turn it upside down. Because the Anabaptist movement is they are so stuck at I don't even have to explain you know all about it. They just whatever, they can't see the forest for the trees. So I'm like, I'm gonna take an industry and I'm gonna turn it upside down. So from day one, that's kind of how the shed your was always focus. I mean, you talk to Julian, you know, he would even say usually, if a call would come in, and Eric had already talked to him, he knew he's not going to get the sale, just because we just had a different way of doing it. And that was always, you know, the push from from the beginning. That's what it was always supposed to be. And then well, family stuff happened. And as you know, I'm sure you know, I'm not part of the shed yard anymore, as much as I still would like to run that company. But I'm not there. So now, I am looking at other options on a so keep praying about you know, that I'd get get it back. But I'm kind of up against on, hey, I need to live out what I know I'm supposed to do. And that is to take a shed in history and turn it upside down. So do I start up a new entity, which is what I'm working on now. And then if I get the shed your back, well, then we can morph them together or what have you. But anyway, with doing that, I know exactly what you're saying with ops and sales and marketing. So my passion is sales and marketing. And my brother in law was ops. So about six years ago, we had the opportunity to just simply get rid of operations and have maybe Nelson build for us or there was Amish crew down in Alamosa I was talking to, and we just simply go across the country team up with existing manufacturers, and we do the sales and marketing with our brand. Our styles are everything. But that didn't. I don't know that was he wanted operations. I wanted sales and marketing. So we compromised and did both. And that's just kind of how it's been. But since 2018, or even since I met you in 2017, I've really been looking towards how does it look to streamline some shed styles, few sizes, keep the options down, simplify it, and you tap into manufacturers across the country. And they have to build your specs, you know, your everything. If they don't, then you get rid of them and you get somebody else or something. There's ways to do that. And I did finally find the correct Google like the the guy that drive the traffic, I do have that finally figured out or have the connection there. And, you know, talking to you and Eric, I mean, Eric has brought you up 1001 times in case you're ever wondering, I mean, he just constantly talked about Matthias. And I can always relate because I had met you back in 2017. I don't know if you remember that. But he had driven up to the springs. And anyway, so I've always known about you follow you on Facebook and all that good stuff. And Eric is always talking about how you know, you're kind of an innovator and kind of techie and you know, all that good stuff. So I note like for me, I have all the ideas, I have a spreadsheet with 1000s of line items of different, you know, things that we can do, I'm never going to carry them all out but when I think it I write it down, but where I'm always where I'm missing or my weak part of the sales and marketing is that that person that can put 101 different connections and systems together to make this XA zy you know, all that kind of stuff.

Matthias Miller  14:53
So,

Speaker 1  14:54
I don't know that's kind of where I'm at. I'm I'm looking to yeah launch so One thing one of these days because I do feel like there's more and more people kind of waking up to we got to do something different. But nobody knows how to do it because they are so stuck in their ways. So I'm like, You know what, first the market type thing. And then once they have that figured out on how to do you know, a, we also know how to sell well, by then we're already off to we now have robots building our sheds in a shop, you know, we're already off to the to the next thing. And by the time we have that figured out, well, we now have figured out how to teleport a shed into the backyard. I don't know. I mean, you always I know what you mean. You always think ahead. You know, by the time they have it figured out like Mark Cuban on Shark Tank. He's big on forget patents. He just first to market as fast and hard as you can. And let everybody else try to catch up to you. So yeah, that's that's kind of where I'm at is, you know, I am looking to do something. And for you, I guess my question to you would be on, you know, you dabbling in sheds like you did that program for Eric, back when he was with Colorado shed and you've kind of been, you know, in and out and now you're working with this, you know, this company or have worked with this shed company? Is? Is it the tech side of things that like what, what excites you about it? Like why sheds? Why not? I don't know, bicycles or four wheelers? Or like, what? Or is it the Anabaptist side of it that wants to just prove that, hey, this can be done better? Or I guess, what is it that makes you tick about sheds? And you did make a comment. You're not even sure if sheds is the right thing to do. But I guess Yeah. How have you come to six plus years of working at it as much as you have?

Matthias Miller  16:53
Well, I mean, some of it was, you can either say happenstance or just definitely presence, divine happenstance. I do think there's an affinity to the manufacturing space, my brain between being, I was a coder for many years, and hated it. But apparently, I was told I was pretty good at it. But so between personality and between that experience, I've got systems and systems diagnostics drilled into me, like waking me up from a dead sleep and I can, I can systematize stuff and I can I can help you troubleshoot where the problem is. And I think I think the the two things, the two industries that I think may have some, the strongest affinity to me are probably Saft, because it's got that same kind of systematic, recurring, and also, the it's also the manufacturing space. And, and for both reasons, because I also have experience in both of those spaces. And so to me, it's like, I mean, again, I think there's some affinity to that's how how the world works. I think I would see the Anabaptist connection that's happened naturally, I'll be completely honest, I've I've had very few Anabaptist business connections that I'm absolutely delighted with how it went. I know that's partially just

Speaker 1  18:21
I like that. No, not I mean, yeah, that's funny the way he said it

Matthias Miller  18:28
enables have been unraveling a lot of the negative. Yeah. So I think you're at a place where you kind of get what I mean. Yeah, totally, totally. And so for me, too. It's been, you know, my, our desire for a very long time has been I want to, I want to live our spirit led business that's not wonky and weird. But that's relational, and grounded in good business, like just good business. But that's strategic that's forward thinking. I want to work with people who are emotionally healthy. And I think probably, so industry matters some, but that matters. A good bit to me. Okay. And that that value has definitely created some strain and in some places, not, I wouldn't say it's been, I don't know, it's just it's a values difference. Like me taking off this morning like that is that is ultimately Yes, it's r&r but it's also a chance for me to hear from God and what like, where am I at? I'm going through a bunch of stuff. Gotta create that space for him to bring to speak.

Matthias Miller  19:43
And then, yeah, then there is that piece I think, you know, for not having literally worked within the industry for having worked so closely with it. It is one of the industries that I do know. It's probably one of the industries I know the best Apart from, say, the tech industry.

Speaker 1  20:04
So you said you have a kind of a passion for operations or like manufacturing? How did you get from that to like tech? Like, did you? Were you? Did you work in manufacturing or build something? Or like what?

Matthias Miller  20:20
You know, I started in tech. And we started doing manufacturing projects. So I mean, this is basically just me looking back over, under look at all the different projects that we've worked with work with. There have been some finance related projects that have been pretty interesting and had been somewhat interesting, at least. But looking, looking across those industries that we've that I've worked with, through tech, manufacturing has been something that's kind of bubbled up to the surface. And I'm like, yeah, if I go back over kind of my past, there were definitely some key moments where that, like that popped up repeatedly. And, I mean, here's an example of how my brain works. My brother does custom software development. I came alongside to help him with his sales with his marketing, sales and marketing early on, and then sort of building out the process for designing and building out software. Everybody thinks that customer soccer is magic custom thing? No, it's not. There is a process and there is a repeatable process. And I have, we've got checklists and structure and like, all these different templates and all these different things that we use to build these out, it is it is not a I mean, we manufacture manufacturing software, but that's, I don't. And that's just again, that's that's probably more evidence of how my brain works. And, and also, you know, I think you do a pretty good job of creating systems but could never be never be bothered to be stuck inside the inside the system for too long. So, I don't know the answers your question. Yeah, not.

Speaker 1  22:14
So would you would you Are you saying you'd like to be stuck with a system longer than jumping from thing to think like you would like to like create a system and then actually carried out to

Matthias Miller  22:27
whatever, if I will always want to be replacing myself. So I think the two options, I think, I do think the two two paths for me are, well, are consulting gigs from, you know, three to 12 months to help somebody get from A to B, or it's going to be a company that has high enough growth that we can get in there, get something built out, replace myself, go on to the next thing, build out the next thing, where there's these phases. What I've seen consistently, this is a little bit of a personality thing. It's probably one of the reasons why Eric and I connect, but there's a fairly strong loyalty that they've got. But what ends up happening is I say, I can stay point aways past the point of burnout and stress. And I'll just like shoulder the burden, and it's, it's not healthy, right? Yeah. And kind of for the sake of the mission, and what we're building. But for me to stay engaged in and primitives to thrive in that there is gonna be this process of moving on. And that's one of the challenges that I'm facing right now with, with some of the engagements that I'm in. Just looking looking to transition things out that don't really have that capacity for me to keep going, I feel like I've hit a ceiling and I can't really there's, there's not much more to build, and there's not much more to learn and grow.

Speaker 1  23:57
Yeah. Yeah. That makes sense. So that shed company, are you still working with them a little bit? Or did you like kind of phase that out? Or are they a company that they like manufacturing, and they, you know, do just the sales and marketing end of things?

Matthias Miller  24:16
You know, I mean,

Unknown Speaker  24:18
or do they like doing both?

Matthias Miller  24:22
I don't think they like doing both. But I think what I'm not sure about is that there's some past history with that they've tried the whole having somebody else do sales and marketing. And it didn't end well. It didn't end well for them. But I think there could be this possibility if if we just show up to them and say, hey, look, we can fix your problems like let us let us run everything and we'll just send you wholesale orders. Then they could be that it could be quite happy with that as well. But again, I I've entertained that idea I wouldn't be opposed to going going to them and just proposing it. I think they may be more comfortable with it if it's somebody who's not. If I'm, if it's not me, who also has the hands in their, in their software, where it's diversified a bit where doesn't feel like there's just one person with all the control? Right. And then the other thing, other thing with that is that do I think it's an interesting idea? Do you think it could work? Yes. Am I the I simply don't think I don't think this is just a limiting mindset. I think it's, I don't think I'm wired to be the guy who drives a stick in the ground and says, Yes, we're gonna go do that we're gonna build this company out. Am I happy to come alongside and problem solve and help in whatever way I can? Yes, but

Speaker 1  25:47
ya know, that that's, that that's, that's good. Yeah, I have to run here in a few minutes. But we could we could chat for hours. I'm sure. I. So I guess what I would, I don't know, like a few questions, and you don't have to answer now. Maybe shoot me an email, or we can set up another time to chat in a week or two. But is, why did you reach out to me? I mean, I know, you know, me, because we met and then with Eric, and we've kind of been a communication. The second is, what, what would you really like? Like, would you like to be a part of something that kind of a little bit of the vision I shared with maybe some phantom stock or something where there could be, you know, mutually beneficial as far as you know, I'm the visionary, I can drive everything, but I need somebody to do all the techie type, you know, systems and processes. And, you know, if if an employee quits, what button can we push that passwords change? And it's all like system and ties, we don't have to have a five, you know, week complicated ordeal, or, I don't know, like that kind of stuff, you know, with maybe some phantom stock, I'm not sure if I'm in a place to really partner per se, just because of, you know, what happened with the shed yard? Like I I'm a little scarred from that. But I wouldn't be opposed to do you know, some phantom stock, which is just as good. It's just you're not really on the? Yeah, whatever the the legal side of things. There'll be a separate, you know, agreement. So I don't know. I mean, that's, I'm, I would seriously be open to something like that, where, you know, you'd be part of the board and part of like, helping like strategize, because I'm, I need that person that sometimes just holds me back. Because I'm the visionary. I could, I mean, sky's the limit for me, I let's, let's do everything tomorrow. And then we'll pick up the pieces a day later. But I also know I have, I do have a lot of gifts, as far as I see ahead. I mean, I can see, you know, the customizer, I had a download on that in thanksgiving of Oh, nine, I mean, straight up download of everything, how it would work. And I spent the next year trying to find a programmer to put it together, it was that new and that nobody even knew what it was. So I do get, you know, some of that kind of vision as far as what stuff can look like. So I don't know. I mean, it's, I know you. Yeah. I'm sure I have a skill set that would be beneficial to you. And I know you have a skill set, that would definitely be beneficial to me. For sure.

Matthias Miller  28:41
So I don't know. Yep. Well, I think, I think, hence the conversation. I think those are good questions. And I've jotted them down. I think some of the stuff just can't be figured out without due process and hammering it out what it what each person needs. And is there. does it align and does it does it work on both sides? Yeah,

Speaker 1  29:07
definitely. Yeah, well, let's, let's keep the dialogue going. I did see your post on Facebook on shed manufacturers or whatever the other day. So yeah, whatever. If you have more thoughts or comments or what have you, it's shoot me an email. I don't know what the best way is to communicate for you text email, phone call, I don't know, zoom. But let's I don't know, let's keep dialoguing. I told Eric, I told Eric yesterday, I said let's get an officer in Canyon City because we still have a house out there. We'd love to come out for at least half a year. I don't know. I think you know Becky and Austin. Yeah. Oh. Becky lived in Great Falls when we lived up there and her Deborah became pretty good friends. So she met my wife met her when we were out in June and she was talking thing about this group of people that I guess you guys are all some kind of radical individuals kind of color outside the lines. So she's like you guys need to come out and join or join our club. So anyway, we'd love to come out for some time and maybe even move. I don't know, my heart is still in Colorado. So anyway, yesterday I told Eric I said, let's let's rent an office. You do sales, Matthias can put all the techie stuff together, I'll drive the marketing and let's, let's let's go.

Matthias Miller  30:31
Let's go

Speaker 1  30:36
Alright, anyway, that's where I'm at. So let's, yeah, let's keep the dialogue going. Yeah, if you're with that. Absolutely. I like it. Good.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai