Unknown Speaker  00:38
Hey how's it going for you?

Speaker 1  00:47
Are you able to hear me sufficiently well sounds like either you can't hear me or I can't hear you

Unknown Speaker  00:58
able to hear me. It's gone. Just one last year

Matthias Miller  01:48
sorry about that I dropped off. All right. All right. How's it going for you? Pretty good. All right. Good morning off because I needed some space

Speaker 1  02:08
saw saw your posts there looks like you're starting to get a new system together. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  02:17
that was a pretty big aha for me. That's great.

Speaker 1  02:28
All right, you want to dive into jump? I can't quite tell. Are you able to hear me okay, or is it breaking up?

Matthias Miller  02:37
Well, you're pretty quiet and I can't figure out how to make you louder.

Unknown Speaker  02:40
I'm almost yelling not fight.

Matthias Miller  02:46
Let me try joining through the Zoom app and see the notes. I'll be right back, okay.

Unknown Speaker  03:27
All right, can you hear me now?

Unknown Speaker  03:29
Yes. Sounds a lot better to me. Can you hear me? All right. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  03:33
Super good.

Speaker 1  03:35
All right. Well, I was kind of hoping we could resume last week's conversation about finding another said company for a client. I'm driving, I'll be home in about three or four minutes. So and then I can pull up Google Docs and such. But off the top of my head. I know one thing was this. So I was I think we did talk about this a little bit last week. One idea was going to other companies and literally saying like, hey, we just did XYZ for the shed company. Would you be interested in us doing this for you too, right? Like, I mean, most basic thing I can think of. And with that in mind, I was hoping that before we lose access to everything to true points, that we could actually scrape together some data. And at least have the info at our fingertips, if not maybe actually turned into a case study. So you know, any way you want to slice it, but we generated this many leads. We lowered their cost by this much we made them this much revenue. And then you suggested that we add on basically like and here's what went wrong because not that we're here to cast, you know, throw stones but I do think we could point out to any potential client that we want to do the whole system for them. And the reason is, you know, if you generate leads, and you don't have the sales team, then you can lose XYZ revenue, which is what we think happened. And so the company like, I don't have numbers in front of me now, but I seriously think truepoint could have at least doubled their revenue, if they have the right sales teams and sales processes in place. I don't know, you think it happened off off the cuff? That's kind of what I think.

Matthias Miller  05:24
I don't think it's unreasonable. And I think they thought the same thing. So it's great.

Speaker 1  05:29
So and obviously, I can pull in info from Facebook and Google on conversions we measured, but I thought maybe you could pull in from the CRM or whatever, any other data that you want to have before it's gone for good. Revenue,

Matthias Miller  05:46
I'm not gonna lose, I'm not gonna lose access to sales figures. Okay. So the main thing is pulling stuff from the Google and Facebook accounts.

Speaker 1  05:56
Okay. Maybe we could stuff. You know what, I'll start a new Google Doc. And we can all add to it. Revenue figures and whatever else, unless you, you know, if there's a problem with that, that's great, but simple and straightforward. And impactful wouldn't be my idea. So I'm kind of until I will get home. I'll have the Google doc here in a second. But another point was, now I may have misunderstood this, but didn't you originally get connected with truepoint? Because you were helping do the logistics software? Like the email the fax, here's something else? Yeah. Is there value to you in trying to do that for another company as well? Another company,

Matthias Miller  06:50
yes. I'm gonna have a big fight with my partners about non compete with an existing client. And it's not a hill, I'm that interested to die on?

Unknown Speaker  07:07
You have a non compete with truepoint over that.

Matthias Miller  07:09
No, we don't. Like partners, my brother and the other colleague on the project do not want to compete with do not want to? Well, I don't know if it's an unspoken agreement or a somewhat spoken agreement. I think it's basically like, we won't, we're not going to go actively recruit plants. But if they come to us, we're not going to turn them away either. Okay.

Speaker 1  07:40
And who's who's the stake owner in that some particular other client? I'm sure nobody's opposed to making more money but who has the need for protection?

Matthias Miller  07:53
The client has over exaggerated the importance of fax integration in their own eyes. Okay, they're looking to protect that.

Unknown Speaker  08:03
I see. Oh, so there is a client was just not gay.

Matthias Miller  08:06
No, I'm sorry. It is escaping the greater it's it's all three states.

Speaker 1  08:11
I see. Okay. Yep. What about if we pick another state or region?

Unknown Speaker  08:19
I don't know. Okay.

Speaker 1  08:25
off the top my head I was kind of thinking of going out for probably like Florida, or there. You have no idea if there's almost communities and like Kentucky and Tennessee?

Unknown Speaker  08:38
Yeah. Oh, yeah. Kentucky for sure. Tennessee.

Matthias Miller  08:43
Maybe more Mennonites and Amish? I don't know. Like Kentucky is

Speaker 1  08:51
where where else are good hotspots? I know. Everybody of course thinks of Ohio. Pennsylvania. What other places would you pick?

Matthias Miller  09:01
Something well? Where are other Amish hotspots Pennsylvania is a big one. That they're not in

Unknown Speaker  09:17
they're not in Yes. Okay. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  09:21
That's just like low hanging fruit staring in the face there are a few out in Colorado that I mean there's there are a few in Colorado I don't know if there any of them want to start a ship company. I mean, it's possible if you came to them and said hey, you know look at all these other guys building sets. You want to have a shell company and we'll we'll do your sales and marketing for you that they'd be like, oh, yeah, sure.

Unknown Speaker  09:52
That's an interesting idea. Yep.

Matthias Miller  09:56
Hands is there's a few there's no shit manufacturers that I know of Missouri. might be another option. Oh, what's that place in Missouri that has I can't think of its name. But definitely Amish settlements, multiple places in Missouri. Definitely Mennonite shed builders in Texas.

Speaker 1  10:26
were slightly agreed on going for Amish and not Mennonite because of I can't say like he said it but you had concerns about they'd be more likely to want to do it themselves and maybe attitudes and other things.

Unknown Speaker  10:39
Yeah.

Matthias Miller  10:41
I think that generally makes sense. I talked to a gentleman this Well, so, so Jonathan Oelrich in your area just hired a hired a guy from tuff shed with goal of going to billion what it is something really from a million to a billion. Okay.

Speaker 1  11:06
As by expanding nationally, or what do you know, what's a

Unknown Speaker  11:13
scheme was?

Speaker 1  11:18
I said and he wanted to get there by doing what? By expanding nationally or something else?

Matthias Miller  11:23
Yeah. Expanding nationally.

Unknown Speaker  11:27
Okay. That'll be tough to beat.

Matthias Miller  11:32
Yeah. He's got Eugene, his brother Eugene. Sounds like Jonathan is the brother or the one in the family. Who's this? Broad visionary? Guy and Eugene. I don't know if you've heard Eugene's name. Eugene aurix. Name? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, for sure. Yeah, absolutely. Run case study. And he's running. He's running Google traffic right now. I don't know what his role is gonna evolve into but the only end that I know is possibly selling identity resolution to them, but I don't really see them. And they might want, but I don't really see them. Quote, meeting me all that much. Yeah. But there is a big push towards roll ups. There's a few companies who both some privately, Jonathan, very vocally and publicly, are talking about rolling up just buying out companies and rolling. Yep. So that's happening in the industry. Broadly speaking, you've got two groups of people. You've got the sales and sales and marketers. We can't do obviously you got the ops people game sales marketing. Okay. Two point landings. Firstly, in the last camp. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  12:53
And what

Matthias Miller  12:55
else? But I also think there's a whole host of other Amish companies like that. Okay. That you get? I mean, I don't know. I don't know that it has to stay within shed.

Speaker 1  13:12
Well, I'm totally open to I'm sorry. Give me just one second. Yeah.

Speaker 1  13:25
totally open to doing you had mentioned this last week, like pole barns or other things, which is fine. The only difference is, and this is probably this, my left brain getting in the way somehow, but the only difference is that we've actually done it with sheds, right. So we can tell another set company like, look, we just did this for a shed company. And if we go offer to do it for pole barns or whatever the other options are? No, there's no shame in saying, you know, we think we can do this for you too, but we just haven't actually done it yet. Right? And so it's a little, at least in my mind, it's a little easier to to go for sheds, because we just actually did sheds and it worked. So that's my only thoughts on that. Okay, so what sounds the most appealing to you?

Matthias Miller  14:21
Well, I'm going to have a clearer picture of what my role is in this. That's what I gotta have. Okay, so talking to talking to a guy who's, who owns a shed company. He's been, he lost control of it to his family. He's trying to get it back. He's considering spinning up a new one. In the meantime, and hoping he can get the old one back.

Unknown Speaker  14:51
That's terrible. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  14:56
He doesn't want to give ownership stake keep you open to equity stake. He already has a Google guy. I probably come in as a tech guy of some some sort. If I would

Matthias Miller  15:12
I don't think there's a lot of,

Unknown Speaker  15:15
I don't know.

Matthias Miller  15:19
Looking at this whole thing and wondering where the money really is, for me in this whole game

Unknown Speaker  15:27
sounds like we should spec that out and and document.

Matthias Miller  15:32
I'm not seeing a path where it's like, well, it's gonna be hard. I think it's gonna be hard to beat the well, I don't know, maybe maybe it will maybe it won't. Maybe it would be that hard to be the two point gig.

Matthias Miller  15:51
But I think you're gonna have to, I don't think there's room for me to have markup, much markup, if at all on the agency services, service fees, and you might actually have to come down from what you were charging them, I don't know for sure. Unless you've got a very good value prop. Or we do what you said in line item out a whole bajillion different marketing things.

Speaker 1  16:15
Were at which to me the line item, which maybe that's a funny way to say it. But that idea, I think makes sense in the context of if we think of it as we're attempting to deliver the whole system to the client, then it makes more sense. So okay, because I mean, basically, it's what we were doing anyway, it's just that we kind of rushed a lot of the email management and strategy and you rattled off about 10 different words, I wrote them down somewhere, I can find them here in a minute. That like you were doing them, you were actually doing them at time and resources, but but there was no agreement for them to pay for it. And so it was kind of coming out of the markup. On the media buying, we may as well have them just pay for directly is the way I'm looking at that.

Matthias Miller  17:09
Well, yeah. Mark of Endor. It was ultimately trying to come out of the retainer that they had for billing the sales team, which certainly no focus actually build out the sales team. Yeah. Yeah. But then if I wasn't writing emails, who was in emails for helping to close sales deals like, damned if you do damned if you don't?

Speaker 1  17:29
Yeah. Give me a moment. I'm starting a couple new Google docs here.

Matthias Miller  17:38
I think the maximum is my maximum involvement, most likely know why you would even think it should be more than this, but should most likely not be anything besides strategy. And project management.

Speaker 1  18:02
Because you don't you just don't want to do those other things, right? Is that what you're saying?

Matthias Miller  18:08
That by itself runs on a project of this scope. Project management by itself sucks up a whole bunch of time. Okay, I mean, you can hand it off to some at some level, but I don't know you're doing a data project you're coordinating with with the data analysts, for example, that's not that coordination isn't something that you can just blindly hand off but it takes time. If you're wiring up too much plumbing or you're doing too much technical plumbing and other stuff you end up missing the boat.

Unknown Speaker  18:49
Yeah, well,

Speaker 1  18:51
okay, so I think what you're saying is in the back of your mind you don't like my line item ideas simply because you don't want to officially that you know all those other things.

Matthias Miller  19:05
I don't mind the line item idea but let's go train Tom Bell and how to write monthly promo emails or let's chat GPT. Let's go find let's go use measure bid for the analytics plumbing if we need somebody or whoever. And let's go find I don't know who like sever Rolodex of trusted vendors. Okay. By the way, after the mistakes list or the downsides, the fact that we couldn't use videos on people's faces Yep, not mistakes, but limitations.

Speaker 1  19:49
Although that's probably gonna be true for almost everybody we work with right now.

Matthias Miller  19:55
Unless Unless we're the brand

Unknown Speaker  19:58
Yeah, I

Speaker 1  20:02
think we have a pretty good understanding that we didn't want to go into the we're the brand situation yet because of potential trouble

Unknown Speaker  20:15
that's true.

Matthias Miller  20:19
But they're weak maybe ways to finagle that they might be okay with that, if we say it's gonna be a lot more effective, and here's what you need to do. You need to pay us to build our company. And, and it's not it's just the same as you buying a truck and paying a driver to drive it. Drive it for you. Yeah, maybe there might be somebody who would go for that

Unknown Speaker  20:55
okay,

Speaker 1  20:57
I, you and I already had his shared folder where we were. Sometime in the past, we were collecting a bunch of different ideas as Google documents so I'm just adding to that shared folder and I'm gonna put the link in.

Speaker 2  21:17
So you know, shared docs here

Speaker 1  21:32
Mel just typing out a couple things. Oh, let's see. Big picture. We may have overcharge for media buying as and as a line item. But we need profit, or Dyess. So what we can do is create new line items. And move that segment of the total offer price over to those

Unknown Speaker  22:11
for line items.

Matthias Miller  22:15
Another mistake was not having organic, posting organic content on Facebook.

Speaker 1  22:21
I agree with that. I think the entire social media management could have been much better. In fact, do you do remember any of dentists use segment their DTS about $1 a day system? Okay, well, the short version is what Dennis does. And it's like so simple that anybody ought to do it. But Dennis is very systematic about it is He is always producing content constantly. And he is always promoting that content just a little bit. And basically, nine out of like a year, year upon year, and no matter what the business or the offer or the industry, nine out of those times will be a dud but one of them will go like a little bit viral and so he just stops or removes the nine duds and then put some ad money behind whatever posts you know, caught on a little bit. And it's just you know, it sure that's a lot of work somebody's got to be designated do that. But it like that is how you find interesting content that your audience will actually respond to.

Unknown Speaker  23:36
Yeah, so

Speaker 1  23:40
I just think it's pretty much I know everybody wishes they can hire an ex like across the board and expert media buyer or copywriter or content creator to make the perfect video whatever. But at the end of the day, most of us are probably even the pros are probably fooling ourselves and just have to try a bunch of things in order to see what works and I'm not typing as fast as you were talking to give me one more second here so be patient offer a comprehensive package that includes everything in to in from traffic to systems sales, that's the main package. I'm just gonna specify including the including US managing sales team and their sales processes. And I would hope, hope that allows us to bring in people like Robert Posey or whoever as well, just to make sure things are actually three then Right. So okay, so you asked me to write down a couple. I'm going to use Ryan LiveX language which is do not do that. In lack of management, I'll actually first I'm just going to reiterate a lack of control over the sales team. Lack of social media management and content, social media management and content production needed for dollar day. System and more.

Speaker 1  25:33
What else you you'd asked me a couple other things. So I can't remember the first one.

Unknown Speaker  25:44
Sorry, it's in the recording

Unknown Speaker  25:45
somewhere.

Matthias Miller  25:45
Is this is this about the things we should not forget?

Unknown Speaker  25:50
Yes, I miss what's that? Whatever the first one, you said, I didn't get it written down fast enough.

Unknown Speaker  26:04
Yeah, that's fine.

Unknown Speaker  26:15
Okay,

Speaker 1  26:17
well, so, um, and then I had said, I was going to start to Google Documents and same thing and got the second one, not the first one. What was the first one I said to you? Sounds like we should spec that out in Google. Document. Sorry, say that again?

Unknown Speaker  26:35
My car was one.

Matthias Miller  26:38
But maybe that's what you're talking about.

Unknown Speaker  26:42
Maybe that makes the two things together with my head?

Unknown Speaker  26:49
up okay, well, later, it's fine.

Speaker 1  26:56
Okay, so I started a Google document. Well, I'll send you the link was called shed offer. And I just think, Oh, I know what it was. You had basically said you weren't sure what your involvement would be. And I start to suggest that you should just write it out. But it might I'll start a separate document for that

Unknown Speaker  27:26
coming out second here.

Speaker 1  27:57
I think this is important because I could tell based on several conversations to this does bother you at least in the back of your mind.

Matthias Miller  28:06
Yes, those those nagging question at the end of the day.

Unknown Speaker  28:27
Your phone is breaking out. Can you still hear me?

Unknown Speaker  28:32
hear you?

Matthias Miller  28:33
Can you hear me now?

Speaker 1  28:34
It's getting a little better again. Yep. So I missed the last 15 seconds or so.

Matthias Miller  28:42
The process and plenty to reach the wrong way wrapping up. And I think one of the big questions I wrestle with is Okay, so let's say that, let's say that Reb Ops is my jam. For whatever, what is

Matthias Miller  29:13
is is this project and it's and that's where I want to, I want to become known for Reb ops and manufacturing companies, even if they don't know yet quite yet what that is. Is this project in alignment with that. And is that is this project going to lead me to where I want to go? Or even if it's a great or an interesting opportunity, does it have that pulling me away from from where I can do my best work?

Speaker 1  29:44
Okay, so what will what will bring you an answer to that question, is it like you need to start the rev ops thing and see how it goes. And if it flows well, you'll shut everything else off or something else.

Matthias Miller  30:01
When I can shift my attention from helping you land this client, I consider my attempts of actually helping the client

Speaker 1  30:14
or be it would be the same client or you're saying it would be a different client base

Unknown Speaker  30:29
that loser again

Matthias Miller  30:34
what I'm more interested in I think here's what it is what I'm more interested in than having a bunch of line items of things I subcontract as a marketing agency

Speaker 1  31:01
are you able to hear me at all I'm missing about 90% of what you're saying. And hear me does that mean?

Unknown Speaker  31:11
Now it's a little better, I think. I think

Matthias Miller  31:15
I might be on the other side.

Unknown Speaker  31:22
cantos,

Unknown Speaker  31:23
yeah, that sounded alright.

Unknown Speaker  31:26
Alright, so

Speaker 1  31:38
you're going in you're missing huge amounts of what you're saying. I can't it's not even working. Are you walking driving? Just wait five minutes or something?

Matthias Miller  31:52
Give me one moment okay.

Speaker 1  32:16
It's, it's, I think it's better it's gritty, but I can hear you hear your words anyway. Okay.

Matthias Miller  32:25
See what's next try out. So, it sounds to me like the proposal. The current proposal, as it stands is, let me go help you find the agency client, let's work together to find an agency client. And my part of the gig is I'm going to subcontract a whole bunch of work.

Unknown Speaker  32:47
And

Matthias Miller  32:50
that's where I make my money.

Matthias Miller  32:57
And the other product making money is managing the client relationship.

Matthias Miller  33:08
I mean, part of my involvement that is relationship with like one person, if that's going to be my role, I don't necessarily flesh that out. Now. Another way to say this is that you and I are secret partners, two doors into the same building. I'm looking for Reb ops opportunities, which naturally is going to lead to sales and marketing stuff. And you're there as an agency.

Unknown Speaker  33:39
And we work together

Matthias Miller  33:41
when you land a client, there's a whole bunch of things that get lied about you're still responsible, you still maintain the agency relationship unless it's better to divide and conquer for some reason. And I mean, hey, it's harder to fire when there's when there's two people instead of just water it's less likely that we both did perform forget of the firing the whole thing? I don't know. I haven't thought that through. I guess what I'm trying to say is it sounds to me like this is evolving into a I'm going to also be the agency business subcontracted bunch of items that I can I get markup on those items. So like, I get my shirt for landing clients when? And is that really the business I want to be in? Seems to me like the really, really interesting thing for me is robots are gonna deal with Yes, sales and marketing but also dig into the ops logistics fulfillment side, and the integration of all of those integration and feedback loops.

Speaker 1  34:47
Okay, sounds reasonable. I'm having trouble understanding two things. One is whether or not you're interested in and enjoy the sales team management side and then The other is just how much sub contracting we're talking about. So if it's literally just like the email list promos, and the social media management, there's no reason in the world, I couldn't do that for you, if you don't want to handle those things, I was just trying to come up with other and you had some, maybe I can find it while I'm talking. But you had about a half dozen, like role or position descriptions of your own, obviously, like find this real quick. I think it can let me just hang on a few seconds. I

Matthias Miller  35:40
don't I don't know if it's reasonable to skip the salesperson and sales manager, slash Team Lead Role and jump straight up to a director of sales type of role. But instinctively, I'm gonna say that. I mean, what I got burned out of was being on sales calls, but and feeling feeling the pressure in need to, to listen to sales calls, break it down, find gaps, meeting with salespeople, being on the front lines for fixing problems, tech problems, like that stuff was not something I would particularly care to repeat.

Unknown Speaker  36:28
Looking. Okay,

Matthias Miller  36:32
if you're looking for somebody to help put some of the sales processes in place, if I can learn a bunch of stuff from Robert, and learn how to reapply them, in different companies learn what kind of KPI tracking mechanisms to set up track, what kind of tech stack to use, etc, etc. And I can oversee the rollout of that. But somebody else's is doing the day to day, day to day of managing the team, then that's a different I think that's seems to be like a different story.

Speaker 1  37:10
Okay, I don't know how to picture in my head what you're picturing I don't I don't disagree with it, it sounds off the cuff, like you're saying you want something similar, but you want the workload and total list of responsibilities to go down by like 80%. And this is just me. But the only way I'm able to picture that as a business model is like you're CEO or investor and you've got a team of managers under you. Is that approximately what you're thinking? Or are you just thinking you need a better client? Or how about me understand how this applies in the real world.

Matthias Miller  37:49
I've never been happy on a long term basis, managing a team, I've been helping building it out happy building it out. I've never been happy managing a team on an ongoing basis. Okay. So whether whether whether there's a team lead that takes carries the brunt of that responsibility. And the team can largely be self managing, there's low involvement. But even with that, most of these teams need regular meetings, regular arise. And this, that and the other. And it's just a lot of the same thing. Rinse and repeat day after day. Keep tracking numbers, bump them up, get them hyped. Get them out of their heads, get them on the phone, make sure they don't get distracted. And that rinse and repeat thing. Absolutely kills me.

Unknown Speaker  38:36
Okay, all right, I'm.

Speaker 1  38:53
Finding it really hard not to come to this conclusion that this is not really what she wants to do.

Speaker 1  39:05
Cuz I can't, maybe you've got an idea. But I can't see a way to like jump from where we're at to a configure business configuration that gets you what you want to know what you don't want. I think we could build to it, but it's kind of sounds like you're not you know, not not wanting to go through the pain of building that.

Matthias Miller  39:32
Well, I mean, I think it kind of goes back to that point at which I mean, we're moving towards. There's a very, very, very fine line between we're an agency and we're starting a shed business. And maybe I'm just way burned out on a whole bunch of things. But basically, what we're saying is we're going to start another bit Since from scratch, and so I just think there's got to be an easier way to do this rather than starting from zero, but

Matthias Miller  40:16
that's perhaps a discussion then.

Unknown Speaker  40:36
Okay, well

Speaker 1  40:41
let's see here. What? Where would you like to go from here, I kind of get, I have a hunch that you need to decide if the robots thing is gonna work for you or not, I think that might possibly be the

Unknown Speaker  40:57
linchpin here

Unknown Speaker  41:11
okay,

Matthias Miller  41:14
well, I've got a whole host of things to decide, I mean, work through, and figuring out exactly where my tolerance level is going to be for this stuff. And

Unknown Speaker  41:31
I don't know.

Matthias Miller  41:38
Even on the software side of the business, I've gotten everything built out up to the point of needing to extract myself the technical side of the business. And there is I'm in this catch 22, where I can't see, I don't see a great path. Okay, I'm gonna have to invest, I don't know make up a number 20 grand into the business to extract me from that. And even then it's not going to be a complete extraction, or I hand those responsibilities off to my brother, at which point he's working in my business that's primarily serving him. Like, we fit this camp with removing myself there from a technical standpoint that I don't know how to solve. And most of the stuff that's left is just obnoxious stuff that's draining my energy. So I don't know exactly how to build still this business. It's not. I don't know. I don't want a lot of repeats in that. If it's not aligned. Okay,

Speaker 1  42:46
um, are, in your mind? Is servicing a new customer definitely equated with building a business? Or is there some line below which it's not that bad?

Matthias Miller  43:04
No, there's something that somewhere along there, that it's not that bad. I think there's a world of difference between saying, we are going to take over your marketing and we're going to start your sales team. And we're gonna hire from scratch, we're gonna put all the systems in place, I would feel way differently than saying, Okay, you have your existing sales team. Well, this comes with some set of problems, but you have your existing sales team, we're gonna work to optimize the sales team, optimize and improve the sales team, the team that you have. Those are two very different though, seems very different to me.

Speaker 1  43:43
Can you imagine a world in which we bring Robert in to manage the sales team that they have? I'm not I. Again, I feel like I'm having a little bit of a hard time following what you're picturing, or I can't picture what you picture. But I could see where if we're looking at it as like, oh Messiah must find hire, train and bring in a team of people that sounds like building a business and sounds like a lot of work and half of the nightmare. The problem is that the only other option is to utilize is to find a company that already has a sales theme. And then we walk in in the role of sales trainer meaning like, we're going to work with your current salespeople and we're going to bring in our guy named Robert or we're gonna whatever which is potentially completely doable as long as they agree not to push back on us and tell us no because then we will have a repeat or tree point which like that's the one thing I don't want. You don't want I think it's will kill I think it's what killed drew point is they weren't flexible with their salespeople, or the training of them or however you want to say it.

Matthias Miller  44:58
I gotta drop in like One minute here. But if you're if if we have the option, whether it's Robert Posey Holborn, whoever the guy is to work with, with somebody who recruits and places salespeople, and if there is a minimalistic management piece of that that can be done. That doesn't require and they're largely autonomous and self managing. And there's some kind of cadence somewhere, whether it's with the client, it's the, it's like checking with the client and saying, Okay, we're gonna look at work or whether it's you, and I don't know what it is, whoever it is. And I don't know what frequency it is. But here are the KPIs. Let's take a look, let's develop some action steps. And let's follow through with this. That to me, is it and if it's not extensive, I don't know. Pressing need a clear picture of what exactly would be entailed in the actual management, or should be entailed in the management of a healthy sales team. That would help. So I know what I'm committing to. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  46:07
And is that something you can try to spec out?

Matthias Miller  46:12
Potentially, yeah.

Speaker 1  46:16
For the sake of convenience, let's see if you if you can spec that into this sheet I already called delineate what you're you're totally welcome to retitle that but the moment it says delineate what your participation would be. I'm just going to add a note that is like, try to delineate within a scope of what is

Unknown Speaker  46:47
desirable

Speaker 1  46:50
and not painful. So I'm going to call that not starting a business. Does that make any sense in English at all? Sounds good? Well, I think, yeah, I know you gotta jump. I was just gonna say, I think that at the first part of this call, you are attempting to imagine how things would work within the scope of something that you didn't really want in the first place, if that makes sense.

Unknown Speaker  47:16
Yep, yep. All right. Super. Thank. Thank you. Yep. Awesome. All right. Thanks, guys. Bye for now.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai