Unknown Speaker  01:01
You ready?

Matthias Miller  01:11
Right. I have not gotten any feedback from Mark.

Unknown Speaker  01:16
But he talked about being on this call this morning. So

Matthias Miller  01:18
you're good

Matthias Miller  01:57
your sister asked me the other night, she's like, recited Dwayne lately

Matthias Miller  02:09
I was like, Well, yeah, he was traveling out of town recently. But I said, I'm really bad at these. Hey, Dwayne, catch me up on how life is really going. Because sometimes you don't want to know. Sometimes I don't want to know.

Matthias Miller  02:36
She's like, it's bad. If I'm asking if I'm asking somebody who's completely unrelated to my brothers. Do

Speaker 1  02:41
you know, you know what, you know, what we haven't done in quite a long while. Is we haven't done a rant session in a while. So nobody should schedule that.

Unknown Speaker  02:52
Maybe we should.

Unknown Speaker  02:58
Hey, Mark.

Matthias Miller  03:06
Looking back, how was that was the weekend.

Unknown Speaker  03:13
Good about you. It was good. You take a mini vacation, or were you had been been out or just imagining things?

Matthias Miller  03:37
I was out. I was. I was doing a marketing conference last week. And so that's okay.

Unknown Speaker  03:44
Got it? Yeah. Kind of the same thing that you've done with earlier in Chicago, Chicago there, or was it something else?

Matthias Miller  03:58
There was something else it's somewhat similar to the I would have I would have gone to it last year. Back in. It was might have been April or May of last year as well. So it's a bunch of folks talking about different parts of marketing, including but not limited to. What AI means for, for where we're at.

Unknown Speaker  04:28
What were the what are the key takeaways from from this year?

Matthias Miller  04:34
Well, here's one that I thought you would appreciate. One of the gentlemen said that he has this copywriter who is writing this marketing content, and she's better at it than he is and better at using AI than he is. And the interesting thing is that she grew up Amish in Pennsylvania. Okay. And so I don't I don't know that he had, he didn't really, he didn't really talk about anything about why, why it was, but I think it was just the conversational aspect with which he was approaching it and and so it's kind of a random tidbit. But I think the

Matthias Miller  05:32
if I had to boil it down, I mean, there were some key takeaways around some tactical marketing pieces that we're going to be taking a look at, and implementing. But there was one really good session by gentleman who's probably would normally fit into this type of a lineup, but he's a he's a doctor study. Forget if it was behavioral psychology or exactly what it was. And he basically said, when we got the calculator, we stopped using part of our brain that adds numbers together. When we started using what's Well, yeah, when when we started using Google, we could just search for things we stopped memorizing as much. And he's, he's like, AI is going to take care of another part of your thinking for you. And the question is not. And, and anytime you give up, you use a tool to do your thinking for you. That part of the brain weakens. The question is, are we going to actively sharpen our minds in other areas, as we become less reliant on those specific areas? And I think it really is true across the board that I think there's a lot of, I mean, there has been a lot of concern about about AI, I think it's very clear that even conversations about regulation and things like that, come down to there's there's a fair bit of capitalistic motive in these things. And it's yet as Ecclesiastes talks about there being nothing new under the sun, and I think it's yet another technological disruption, just like nuclear power, just like their nuclear weapons, just like the typewriter just like computers, just like the internet that's got the world up in arms. And there's a lot of things that are in flux and in chaos because of it. And it's going to take time for us to figure out exactly what this means what what's the impact going to be? And yes, there will be some malicious folks who use it to their advantage. But there will also be a lot of a lot of potential for good coming out of it as well. So, yeah,

Speaker 1  08:29
talk about good things. There's Jordan Peterson has a podcast on on Spotify, where he talks with a number of talks with a particular guy who who's used Chet GPT extensively he's used chat TPD extensively. One of the projects he talks about is for the are working on using the King James Bible as a as a large language model as the corpus of King James Bible where you could actually interact with the spirit of the Bible. I that the idea of that is just fascinating the other the other fascinating one is apparently they have taken some of his books and actually turned them into a language model and you can interact he's interacted with his own books and pulled out insights from his own book that were not part of the original like it was not part of the the original text so it actually from from the inner it's from the the the the calculations of the word usage etc. New thoughts have come out of the of his health his work so there's some really cool stuff that large language models are going to produce but you're right there's a number of nefarious stuff as well.

Speaker 2  09:48
Oh, so you're saying like the interactive part with with the with the Bible, you could interact with it in a sense Almost like talking with a theology professor or someone that that's intimately familiar with all parts of Bible and

Speaker 1  10:16
yeah, so the simplest, the simplest way I could explain it with there's this the way these large lot what's all of these AI type products, if you will are fallen a couple of different categories, chat, GBT falls into what's called a large language models, basically, it has consumed large amounts of, of written work. And so it analyzes based on its the statistical relationship between words, sentences, phrases, paragraphs, etc. And so if you imagine that you could essentially define, well, okay, the easiest analogy is this, if you wanted to define, say, a word like, love, or redemption, or any numbers of biblical type words, and you said, I want to define them based on their word usage inside the Bible, so in other words, using their, their usages inside of the Bible as, as the way of defining them. So essentially, you're interacting with the essence of what was written, and using that to define, you know, whatever the subject is you're trying to define. So imagine if you wanted to say, Oh, here's a fun one, if you wanted to research predestination, and you wanted to understand how predict the concept of predestination inside of the scripture, and you could do that by querying the Bible large language model, and based on that concept, and how it's used inside the Scripture will become its own definition of that word. That's probably the easiest way to actually describe you know, some of the the usages of a large language model. Hey, but if you if you want to, if you want to have just a brain twister, you need to go find Jordan Peterson's podcast on chat GPT in large language models, it will make your head explode what some of these guys have done with super prompts and to the point of AI's have begun their head it has produced the account of creative thought where it has cited literary information as as fat that does not exist. So crazy Well, they've called them what they call AI hallucinations. And if you if you break it down, it's akin to create a thought.

Matthias Miller  13:10
If it helps you they talk. Go ahead. Just one comment, if it helps you any based on on feedback from some of the folks which you've probably seen this elsewhere as well. But Chad GBT is a grossly restricted version of the actual technology that they've that they've got.

Speaker 1  13:34
Beat. It's not it's not that hard to get around the restrictions. And this is one of the this is one of the things that Jordan Peterson this guy talks significant amount is the way that you actually prompt and query it, if you can actually get it to impersonate as if it was somebody else. You can get around restrictions. We've actually I've actually spent a lot of time with this and this it's a whole lot of fun. I had a talking in Pennsylvania Dutch even though it said it wasn't able to. It was fun.

Speaker 2  14:10
So did they did they talk about the impact that like the metaverse and that would have on marketing or behaviors or not

Matthias Miller  14:25
know very little about the metaverse. I mean, I mean, I think

Speaker 2  14:33
that, like TEDx of what, say AI itself is going to be or five times as productive. Maybe not, right word.

Matthias Miller  14:52
Yeah. I mean, there's a lot of interesting things that could tie into that at some point. I mean, And I'm perhaps haven't gone deep enough down this rabbit trail to know I mean, the you can, with about 30 to 60 seconds of audio, you can replicate somebody's voice such that people who don't know them well can't tell the difference. And that even the people who know them well can't tell the difference. And it's also possible to have aI generate videos of your face and likeness that that are indistinguishable, even to people who know you well. And so I'm sure if you take that and put it into kind of virtual slash augmented reality thing, there's a lot of pretty interesting things that could happen I don't know that I'm not sure how far they are on 3d models of this this type of thing

Speaker 2  16:01
was the the last in the last meeting there was a guy there I don't remember his name. But the that had done a lot of research on Google primarily, I think, how they how they his research was trying to show how they can tilt elections and just by and somebody at some point pulled them aside at one meeting pulled him aside and said, you know, he's probably not going to be around right along with the type of research that he's doing. He was a liberal Liberal Democrat I believe he's still around or was was he was he one of the speakers there? I guess if

Matthias Miller  16:47
he was not involved here. i To my knowledge, he is still in good breathing condition. I think that was also the one where he did have a daughter who was killed in a freak unexplainable accident. So

Unknown Speaker  17:15
I think yeah, there was something a family member that yeah

Matthias Miller  17:20
no, he he wasn't involved this that last year was more focused specifically on big tech and the impact of big tech and this one is more specifically on on AI which does involve big tech. But no, he wasn't he wasn't they're slightly different. Different focus

Speaker 2  17:44
Yeah, well, I burned burned up a lot of your your time already. So where are we do we continue where we left off last time? Or you have something else our origin Yeah, I can't think was okay was acid management but continue with excuse me continue with I haven't marked that we were at 5.4 Asset Management Okay, so we were there. Asset Management depreciation schedules so I guess that's Yeah Yep. Do we have gave it asked me about using about a time slot for talk with with Jay mag and I said we could we could wrap up by to do you know is that we need to wrap up by two or do we have till 230

Matthias Miller  18:53
No, we've got till we're doing that tomorrow. We're good. Got till 230 Okay

Speaker 2  19:02
so we're asset management should we go back to your your set of questions via this the same thing?

Matthias Miller  19:14
should be the same thing. I believe that Okay. Okay.

Speaker 2  19:25
Well, how did you want to go through this? Do you have certain questions or you just want to go through it piece by piece? Certain parts that you want to

Matthias Miller  19:35
maybe I should I wonder if we could possibly just kind of walk through this. Okay, there's sure this that been doing concede two. So we'll have as far as the Chart of Accounts, we'll have a gain on sale of asset loss and sale of asset and a loss impairment count

Speaker 2  20:09
it refresh my memory on the impairment loss and account I have messy they can find that I had I have a number of

Unknown Speaker  20:25
we talked through a bunch of these questions earlier

Matthias Miller  20:40
in some of this might be covered further down so basically, I mean impairment loss would be you shorten the life of the asset and so if you shorten it by if monthly depreciation is if it's if it depreciates at $200 a month and you shorten it by a year you would have an impairment loss of 2400.

Matthias Miller  21:22
So, then the way that I was thinking about it is you'd have an asset class which has a name and a useful life and it's up to you guys how you want to configure it, I think it makes sense to have it something that that models the IRS classification but again, I think that would be up to you. And what you want to do each asset would have an ID which usually be a serial number something something similar a name, kind of a descriptive name and then you'd have have a value section which would have a list of of purchases that are linked to this with a link to add a new purchase and an ability to undo a purchase which would basically if it's not yet in service, it would reverse the purchase and expense it out instead

Matthias Miller  22:31
they put in service and the cost and the salvage value

Speaker 2  22:38
and he said an embedded spreadsheet is this means that we can do multiple like we could have an asset of let's say automated dead wall a shed wall nailing machine and it would it wouldn't it would mean that we're buying racking and fixtures and equipment maybe 20 Different purchase orders that those could all be tied together as one project and put into service at one point

Matthias Miller  23:26
or Yes. So you could have you know a dozen different transactions tied to that purchase or to that asset yeah

Unknown Speaker  23:50
good

Matthias Miller  24:00
and can you add should you be able to add purchases after it's in service?

Speaker 2  24:23
mean from an accounting perspective it's it would be real messy. I would say no. And is there a real Is there a use case for it?

Unknown Speaker  24:43
The one area where I so if we have I don't know if we have a building then 10 years later we add an addition to the building

Unknown Speaker  25:06
I think that would just have to be its own project like we have the original building depreciating over 39 years or two years and then we have the addition years later just initiating it over a number of years I would think because trying to roll that trying to tie those two together

Speaker 2  25:45
I guess you could look at it this way if you have a building and you're depreciating, depreciating it over 40 years and every 20 years you make major renovations to it you replace the siding or you replace the concrete or the roof technically, you'll be it'll never be live you appreciate it. Which I think is also real in real life there's nothing like a building that will never that you won't have to be maintaining so no, I would say there's no after it's been put in service and you want to add something to that either it's a small thing and it's just a maintenance and repair that's expensed immediately or it's large enough that it becomes its own project with a new start date and depreciate a different schedule what are your thoughts on that? I think it's fair.

Matthias Miller  27:26
So, they put in service cost salvage value then in accounting section which would be which actually the accounting section should go above the value section section before you make your purchases and the accounting section would just say what what's the default asset account that should go into and where should it be depreciated out of?

Unknown Speaker  28:05
And is that a one to one?

Unknown Speaker  28:16
Like if we

Unknown Speaker  28:25
so let's say the we do a we we excavate and gravel a cite both for our buildings and to our trucks. So the the asset value of the property plant and equipment, whatever GL account that's the original purchase price is what would be listed there. But then could we select to depreciate it to a different GL account 80% for production overhead and 20% for logistics

Matthias Miller  29:23
we could

Speaker 2  29:27
I mean does that what does that require to do that? I don't I could see where we might find that helpful but I don't have it I don't know for sure.

Matthias Miller  29:55
Well, the other way to do it would be to split the asset and the two which I don't know if you want to do that, but it would be an alternative option.

Speaker 2  30:06
So the way it is the way it's built now it's one asset account and then one depreciate depreciation expense account is the way it's built.

Matthias Miller  30:17
That is the I mean that that is the way it's specked out now. Now, we don't even really need to track asset account here. I mean, I don't know that we really care what asset account it goes into. It's, that's more for the to make it easy. Make it easy for the for the accounting team to enter this information.

Speaker 2  30:48
But the plan is to automate automate the creation expense for Right, right.

Matthias Miller  30:57
Correct. And that's where that should be. That's where that needs to be specified. I'm actually going to vote to take asset account off of here.

Matthias Miller  31:13
In only only specify the depreciate expense unless you see a reason not to do that.

Speaker 2  31:22
So by taking the asset account off of here, how do you so you buy a forklift for 40,000? How does accounting put it in the right place? So the manual, the initial purchase is a manual manual entry.

Matthias Miller  31:43
So there would be one Yeah, it would be a manual entry and we auto calculate the now I say this, okay, they they will create an accounting transaction that's linked to this asset ID and goes into an asset GL account.

Matthias Miller  32:20
And I think we would then auto calculate the cost of the asset based on those transactions that are linked to that.

Speaker 2  32:32
Okay, so as, as you see, you buy a forklift, and then you buy as your kid goes, is part of the forklift. So to purchase orders, the first one you get it, counting says oh, this is a asset that goes wherever puts it into accounting. And then they go over into the asset management table and enter all of these read the asset record, and then link that transact transaction to the the asset table, and then they do the same thing with the next to that accessory kit that they added on. Then that's how the the asset management table gets the total cost, it looks at transactions are this acid. Is that how you're

Matthias Miller  33:48
using it? Yeah.

Speaker 2  33:52
Okay, so rather than entering the asset, the initial purchase, entered into accounting and then that information is linked to the table, rather than entering that information into the table and then automatically pushing that out to counting.

Matthias Miller  34:17
Yes, and here's my possibly arbitrary argument and why it should be like that. But if we're using purchase orders to purchase assets, then the purchase order is going to push out the automatic transaction. You can't you can't have it. You can't be pushing that out from two directions

Unknown Speaker  34:47
No, I didn't quite follow.

Matthias Miller  34:50
If you have a purchase order for forklift, that automatically creates an accounting transaction and then you have the asset record. Also trying to create an automatic transaction Same for the same forklift then we're then okay it's problematic

Speaker 2  35:06
so if so doing it the way you're proposing make sure that we capture the exact cause like whatever's there was an early pay discount or whatever if it's entered correctly in accounting that should reflect the asset record then what about things like sales tax

Matthias Miller  35:48
I don't know how do those get expense down on POS

Speaker 2  36:00
don't know you're saying if we if we buy a tool or sales tax on it because we're not buying it for resale if their sales tax on it expense that we just show the total amount

Matthias Miller  36:21
I mean, I would think so everything sales tax everything sales tax on POS should be distributed the same way somewhat similar to freight or something that should be a weighted average based on on the line item total unless

Speaker 2  36:41
well, it doesn't apply to any materials that we're buying or anything that's that's going to be recently sold a resale so we're thinking we're looking at it like the total cost is cost of the item plus any sales tax it would be the landed cost the all inclusive what we pay for the item right

Unknown Speaker  37:20
I think that that Yeah, sounds correct. Makes sense.

Matthias Miller  37:27
And if you don't want that for some reason, you can split the PIO apart and have it again, this is a bit nonsensical, but you can have your $10,000 line item going to the asset and the $500 sales tax item going to a sales tax expense on the PIO which would reduce the asset value the asset cost

Matthias Miller  37:58
one of the things that this ensures is that ideally, there's a one there's a correlation between your current asset balance sheet and the asset value that's reported on the asset record

Unknown Speaker  38:20
good so we're removing the asset account the accounting section

Speaker 2  38:38
are you imagining that will happen? Oh, no, no, that's not an automated No. When you go to create that you buy the $40,000 piece of equipment you entered correctly into accounting and then because it's something that because it's an asset, you go and also create an asset record and then link that one or two or however many link all the correct transactions to that asset will give you the total cost Yes. That will that also up above where you have value like purchases embedded in bedded spreadsheet with link to new purchase or the date with that information? Also be using that link with that, would any of that information have to be entered manually? Or would it just look at the transaction and that across? Yeah, service.

Matthias Miller  39:58
Purchases is automatic that would be cost is automatic date put in service and salvage value would be manual.

Unknown Speaker  40:12
And then we're staying with one depreciation expense account. Wait, the way we have it now?

Matthias Miller  40:26
Well, and I think that's up to you. I mean, I think that's that is a question for you. Do you want to be in the depreciation? Well we could do on the depreciation is change the depreciation expense per month to be in an embedded spreadsheet of depreciate depreciation expense account and amount which would allow you then to to I believe that depreciation

Matthias Miller  41:04
Okay, the depreciation is the cost minus salvage value divided by months, right?

Speaker 2  41:16
It is yeah. And what I, what I would prefer is, is we can do one GL account. And if we only do one, then 100% of it goes there. If we then we have the option to add additional GL accounts and the minute we do that we're forced to enter percentages into each then it just for each GL account, that would of course have to total up to 100%. And there'd be a warning there if if they don't total up.

Matthias Miller  41:54
And on a scale of one to 10 How confident are you? Well that I've got kind of two related questions. How confident are you that we're going to run into this situation? Or what percentage of assets? Are we going to have this? This split?

Unknown Speaker  42:27
Don't know for sure, I would need to look at look at what I would do is look at our current assets and then

Speaker 2  42:36
go through those and see if there's if there is a need for them or not. Is that okay? If I take a look at that and then get back to you?

Matthias Miller  42:47
Yes

Matthias Miller  42:55
I certainly don't mind accommodating that. If that's a that's a need. We don't think it's reasonable that we're mostly going to be

Speaker 2  43:06
just and this is getting pretty technical, but on we can go several different ways on the date put in service. So, I don't want the people doing that to always have to remember like if they if if it really gets put into service on the 15th of the month do we I would be tempted or what I would suggest is we set it up so that it doesn't start depreciating until the first full month. So if if we date put in service is May 15 Then we don't depreciate. So, the month of June

Matthias Miller  44:01
and then your useful life would be calculated based from from June 1

Unknown Speaker  44:17
Yeah, I remember reading through something together on that it was

Matthias Miller  44:48
no,

Speaker 2  44:50
we will use full month depreciation in first month of to be put in service so yeah in that So we put it in service may 15. And your depreciation that would start June 1 and run until June 1 of 2033. And then when do we expense it is a two we expense it on the first day of the month last day of the month I would vote to do it first day of the month is when it hits the expense the depreciation expense account but

Speaker 2  45:45
cleaner it would, it would that in the event that we would be looking at a month halfway through a month we would always know that depreciation expense is already listed rather than it being a surprise on the last day of the month

Unknown Speaker  46:17
and then

Unknown Speaker  46:29
good

Matthias Miller  46:38
so what I'm going to do in the depreciation section then is have a start of useful life. That would be the first of the month on our after the date put in service. And then the end of useful life, it's just a simple Well, this many years out. And I think we probably do the you know, so if it's, it's put in service June 1, we actually take it out of service June 1 of this year, we take it out of service 531 24.

Matthias Miller  47:15
Then depreciation expense for a month is really simple cost by set set salvage value divided by useful life in months, which I've updated on my end I can get a new copy over to you and then sold or abandoned by would be what we would use to close it out.

Speaker 2  47:40
And with that, so with that automatically made a gain on sale or loss on sale or impairment loss when that happens?

Unknown Speaker  47:54
or is that coming from so let's say we appreciate it something and that was not our asset and we've depreciated it down to 5000 and then

Speaker 2  48:11
we sell it for $6,000 Does the information for that kind of back to the the asset removing asset account from accounting does that we do that in accounting and then link the transaction back to the asset management table or is it the other way around?

Matthias Miller  48:44
Sure question.

Speaker 2  48:50
It seems to me if we follow the same logic we did up above we should do it in accounting and then update the table based off of accounting seems like there would be less chance for error than if we update the table and then try to push that into accounting but

Matthias Miller  49:15
so then, if you create a transaction after an asset has been in service we would warn if you do not zero out if the if the if the assets do not get zeroed out based on depreciation adjustments already made. It also means we need to distinguish between an accounting perspective we need to distinguish between a well known whether it matters a, an asset is sold or abandoned on the date that it has zero value in accounting.

Speaker 2  50:20
What do we do with something that? Okay, so that would if we have a salvage value of $2,000, and we hit that salvage value, there's nothing left to depreciate it, but we continue to use it for another three years and it works. Fine.

Matthias Miller  50:44
And then

Speaker 2  50:44
you add, okay. Well, that that item, technically should just stay on Main as an asset for $2,000. And it would just stop depreciating. Right?

Matthias Miller  51:09
I think the only thing we might do is have a an easy way to create a new transaction to close out an asset, which would possibly prompt for

Matthias Miller  51:28
Well, I think it's actually really simple. I think it's a it's a new transaction that let me think this through

Matthias Miller  51:46
that has that has entries to zero out of any asset accounts. And corresponding

Matthias Miller  52:04
sorry, I can't remember my cheat sheet in front of me. Debit flowing in, so we'd have a credit coming out. And so we'd have a debit with the corresponding debit for the total value of the asset. But with an assign account, I think basically what we do that on sale is basically we just have a link that says, I want to sell this asset, and it opens up a new accounting transaction that zeroes out, most likely credits. I mean, it should credit unless something's really off, credit all the asset accounts, but zeros out all the asset accounts that this one might have been put into, and has a final line item with a corresponding debit or the remaining value of the asset. And then leave the accounting team to specify whether that's a gain or loss on sale of asset.

Speaker 2  53:11
Oh and a zeroed out you're you're taking it out of current assets? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  53:17
Right. Unless we should? Well, yeah, and then if it's a gain or loss, we would. I mean, if, if there is a check that's being deposited for this, then they would just add that onto that transaction, and then create the final corrective entry to indicate gain or loss on sale.

Speaker 2  53:52
I'm curious, this is getting really technical. But so if we, if something's depreciated to 2000, we sell it for three. And we're charging sales tax on it. So the tax so we're selling it for $3,350, whatever the tax would. That would just be a liability account. But then the with the the first 2000 be shown as revenue, and then the $1,000 that's above and beyond the depreciated value listed as a gain on sale of acid with the full 3000 be listed on on sale of acid.

Matthias Miller  54:39
I think the 2000 would go towards the acid account. to credit the asset account to reduce to clear out the asset value and then you have $1,000 gain on sale of asset.

Speaker 2  54:54
Got it? You're just exchanging that $2,000 tool for cash. on the boundary.

Matthias Miller  55:02
Exactly. Yep. Yeah. And then using gain or loss to compensate for the times when cash doesn't exactly. Tie out?

Speaker 2  55:15
Got it? Okay, that now makes sense, as little while to wrap my head around that. So just go through the steps one more time on how you would handle the transactions for when something sold or abandoned, like make an easy way to do that transaction. I didn't. That part I didn't quite follow.

Matthias Miller  55:36
Okay, so on an asset, we would just have a link that says, you know, sale or your new new transaction for sale or abandonment or something like that. And when you click that, click that it would open up a new, blank transaction. And it would have line items to credit. All probably credit. I mean, conceivably, theoretically, in some weird scenario, I don't know why probably something went wrong, it could be the other way, but credit the asset accounts to zero them out. And then a debit to a debit that does not have an account assigned to it. I don't know, I guess depends how easy do we need to make it for people are seeing is just a debit without anything assigned to it. And the accounting team can figure out how it needs to go from now. Yeah,

Speaker 2  56:45
if it's paid cash, if it's paid with a check or whatever, then you would debit the cash or checking if it's just abandoned, abandoned, then you would debit loss on sale of asset or you would get no impairment loss. Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense now.

Matthias Miller  57:10
I mean, is it fine to let that let the accounting team figure out exactly how that transaction has to be done?

Unknown Speaker  57:19
I think so. I mean, I think going beyond that would Yeah, this is something that's not going to happen very often and there's enough variations that I think this is the right way to do it

Speaker 2  57:38
and by by taking that out, it would immediately stop so see something hasn't been fully appreciate it yet but by seeing a transaction like that, zeroing it out that would immediately stop any fences from renewing after that point

Matthias Miller  57:59
correct

Speaker 2  58:05
we just you it makes so that that what that that would Yeah, I'm sure you would make so that those calculations match up if we decide to bandhan an acid on the second day of the month do it and it's been the monthly depreciation has already been calculated before you would make so that that math would all

Matthias Miller  58:36
out that that is correct good and with that too, we might want to stop gap that we never depreciate past the salvage value

Unknown Speaker  58:55
yeah

Speaker 2  59:01
but are we thinking correctly that you could said your salvage value depreciation schedule you get to that it stops appreciating but it just long as nobody sells it or marks it is abandoned. It'll just sit there at salvage value as an acid Correct? Yep. Yeah.

Speaker 1  59:42
So I didn't quite follow that. What so you would never depreciate an asset to zero.

Speaker 2  59:50
But you can if if you don't put in a salvage value. Gotcha, right. The reality is there's an Not too much stuff that mean right now we're depreciating everything to zero but there's think we are but there's the reality is you never depreciate a forklift down to $0.

Matthias Miller  1:00:18
Or like, I mean,

Speaker 2  1:00:20
ideally, whatever, whatever shows on your balance sheet is, is, in a perfect world what you could sell it for.

Matthias Miller  1:00:27
Like, you want to use your forklift when there's still value that you could resell it for. And if you do use it, until it's worth $0, at that point, it's an impairment loss. That basically what you're saying

Unknown Speaker  1:00:44
Oh, yeah, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:00:45
we're, I mean, I don't know even on a forklift, there's enough. Like, no, nevermind, I'm not even really even on that there's salvage value is a useless forklift. So unless the thing melts in a nuclear puddle it's always going to have some salvage value of some kind. Yeah, even if it's not running, okay.

Matthias Miller  1:01:22
This is, I shouldn't be even be asking this question. So I'm going to ask you anyway, and then ask forgiveness and we'll get back on topic. Doesn't inflation have theoretical impact on things like salvage value and asset value and depreciation?

Speaker 2  1:01:42
It does there's a there's a it's typically not worth messing with it. There's something What did they call it? Do that you have to do an evaluation there's

Unknown Speaker  1:02:14
change in estimate disclosures.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:27
There's there's some

Speaker 2  1:02:37
you have I think in order to do it to where GAAP says you have to do there's the hassle to do it to value it properly is generally not worth it I guess. I mean, there's off top of my head. But I mean, one thing it did, it could make a company look more valid. If you had a lot of inflation at that with a lot of large equipment. And you didn't adjust for that. Looking at your balance sheet, your company would look like it's not worth as much as or if you did that. But then also the

Speaker 2  1:03:34
if you if you raise that value on your assets, then you'd also be depreciating more.

Matthias Miller  1:03:48
That

Speaker 2  1:03:48
notch I know we talked with Larry about it briefly in our situation we determined it's there's there's not of us, it's not worth our time. Now. Companies with large trucking company with a fleet of trucks are backed with a lot of large fancy equipment, maybe that makes sense. Or like a real, like a real estate. That holds real estate that adding cash then then inflation could play a big part in it.

Matthias Miller  1:04:32
Yeah. Seems like real estate isn't much any asset that has fluctuating valuation, or changing valuation, more than fluctuating? Like real estate, that's the use case. The use case that you're describing to me sounds like the kind of person who's wants to get their books to look nice so that they can sell the business or, you know, I don't know if it's public be traded whatever. Yeah,

Speaker 2  1:05:04
I guess real estate, real estate wouldn't depreciate. So it would or you can't depreciate real estate? I don't know. I don't know what would happen if you if you'd have a large plot of land and a wastewater treatment plan or a dump would they put in a landfill right next to it and your your land would suddenly be worth half of that could you

Matthias Miller  1:05:37
Oh, could you take a loss on it prior to the sale of the property?

Unknown Speaker  1:05:46
I don't know how that would all work.

Matthias Miller  1:05:49
Well, it's interesting. It is

Unknown Speaker  1:05:55
I EBIT How would you take a loss it just recognize a loss on your balance sheet Well, I guess if if you really had a huge impairment loss you could use it to offset your profits and lower your tax liability Yeah, if that's legit to do that yeah.

Speaker 2  1:06:25
Well, because that's when I think if you're if you're not into big money in and dealing with stuff like that you don't have to worry about

Matthias Miller  1:06:36
Yeah, well I think I think your bigger problem is don't buy depreciating real estate I think it's the other thing

Unknown Speaker  1:06:45
Yeah

Matthias Miller  1:06:49
cool. Okay. So then this is the date the date then is that solar abandoned is automatic and read only date when asset values dropped 200

Speaker 2  1:07:08
dropped to zero meaning that's when the yeah when the debit

Unknown Speaker  1:07:31
yeah

Unknown Speaker  1:07:32
and then that information would then yeah, that would be correct for our tax repair

Unknown Speaker  1:07:44
right

Matthias Miller  1:07:55
good and then I'll let's see.

Speaker 2  1:08:00
What is that link transactions linked to report of all link transactions that last point in that in that section?

Matthias Miller  1:08:08
This would be just all depreciation asset purchases, sales impairments anything any transaction that ties back this asset

Speaker 2  1:08:18
would that even even all of the monthly depreciation expenses Yes, well okay good

Matthias Miller  1:08:55
the wind entry without any mistake

Unknown Speaker  1:09:21
you're

Matthias Miller  1:09:37
so, I think the the only setting that we actually need now is the impairment loss setting when changing asset class

Speaker 2  1:09:59
you Okay you're looking here in the next section there including include a change asset class

Matthias Miller  1:10:12
yeah at the very top I had under accounting company settings we had the last the stale gain on sale of asset and and loss on sale of asset but that's really I mean you'll need the account but the accounting team is going to assign it to them there's nothing that happens automatically with those accounts

Speaker 2  1:10:50
okay and you're saying automate the impairment loss in

Matthias Miller  1:10:57
well, actually let's ask can we just prompt when you change asset class just prompt where that impairment loss should go to?

Speaker 2  1:11:08
Yeah, but then it's it's more manual but it also I mean somebody I like that approach better somebody has to think through what's happening when they do that but yeah, I think it's if something goes sideways there then someone will have done it intentionally or have have put some thought in it and know why it's

Speaker 2  1:11:45
so what you're saying is if we change the asset class and if we extend the useful life nothing happens but if we shorten the useful life then you'll be asked to the lake what GL account to where to pose that that laws that impairment laws Yes.

Speaker 2  1:12:42
Those three settings at the top can all go away then I mean we need them but we're not we don't have to wait if select them Asset Management right

Matthias Miller  1:13:31
okay then we've got the asset accounting impact which will have the expected depreciation the actual depreciation the let's this comment here

Matthias Miller  1:14:04
I think is redundant.

Speaker 2  1:14:12
That point where we're saying the monthly or that state the monthly depreciation would decrease if the value increases or useful life increases. Shouldn't that say if the value decreases

Unknown Speaker  1:14:31
are useful life increases

Matthias Miller  1:14:42
the monthly depreciation if the value decreases if the value

Matthias Miller  1:15:00
So if you increase the value we'll just immediately take that back to an impairment loss

Unknown Speaker  1:15:14
although

Matthias Miller  1:15:20
I think

Matthias Miller  1:15:42
okay so then it would be a account expected actual amount difference

Matthias Miller  1:16:04
but if we do that then we will need to be able to do automatic impairment we do need to store that impairment loss account I think we should I think we should

Matthias Miller  1:16:34
So, what happens if somebody I think this is just an edge case somebody increases the value of an asset after sale

Unknown Speaker  1:16:52
Can we

Matthias Miller  1:17:05
can we just warned that this should probably be an impairment loss instead

Speaker 2  1:17:12
he said if someone increases the value of an asset it's been it's put in service and then they increase it later on

Matthias Miller  1:17:21
yes

Speaker 2  1:17:26
I had thought that at that point we would say oh okay the monthly amounts will now have to be more throughout the garden

Unknown Speaker  1:17:45
I think that I think that wording

Speaker 2  1:17:56
I think like I think it should say the monthly depreciation would decrease value decreases are useful life increases

Matthias Miller  1:18:18
okay, but then we had said this would add an impairment loss if the value increases Well, I mean, the only way for useful life to decrease is if they change the asset class. So, the real question is what happens if the value increases? Do we add an impairment loss or do we just increase depreciation

Unknown Speaker  1:18:38
think we just increased depreciation

Unknown Speaker  1:18:47
is there a reason not to do that?

Matthias Miller  1:19:03
This is so the depreciation expense per month is based calculated based on current value minus salvage value divided by remaining useful life and life in months. And then I think that works because the appreciation amount is calculated based on the current value the remaining useful life decreasing the assets value will decrease depreciation increase increasing assets value will increase depreciation to avoid this the accountant In team came create an impairment loss instead of increasing assets value

Unknown Speaker  1:20:14
increasing

Matthias Miller  1:21:08
okay I think I got it I'll send you an updated copy of this but

Matthias Miller  1:21:18
and then there's one more note I should have here and multiple accounts works alright and then we have an import less well we never know we'll just get an automatic process to reconcile accounting that runs good

Unknown Speaker  1:21:43
that's going to look at counting and show the differences on asset management right or is it the other way around

Matthias Miller  1:22:02
this would look at okay so the the accounting impact report would basically say based on where we are today

Matthias Miller  1:22:19
this is right I'm not thinking about this quite right

Matthias Miller  1:22:45
why do we even need a

Matthias Miller  1:22:56
I think it's much simpler than this

Matthias Miller  1:23:24
thinking sign up mark what is what is your availability? Not sure if we can get through this what would be your availability if we go until three on this closer to three

Speaker 2  1:23:49
three could work yeah, I can't go beyond three but three I can do

Matthias Miller  1:23:54
I'm gonna probably had to drop off for five minutes in here somewhere to grab my lunch but maybe we should just table it the the acid accounting impact

Matthias Miller  1:24:19
probably the main thing that we want to safeguard against I'm gonna I'm gonna completely revamp this

Matthias Miller  1:24:40
we'd have columns for the account, the asset, the account amount MT DT

Unknown Speaker  1:24:53
b mt

Unknown Speaker  1:25:00
So now we have the account just the account

Matthias Miller  1:26:34
so what I what I was originally envisioning was something like we do for buildings where we say well what is this building's impact on the the income statement and find the Delta and go create that transaction but because because of changes to now you would say what is the No it's actually no maybe we could actually do this

Matthias Miller  1:27:13
the columns would be the columns would be the date the asset ID the account expected amount which is.

Matthias Miller  1:29:19
Okay, well, I think this one. So, here's here's what I think happens in the asset accounting impact report, you would to determine what the expected amount should be. You look at the total depreciation prior to the first of the month plus the monthly depreciation payment. The actual amount is total depreciation across all time, which means that if you run this at the beginning of the month you would create deltas. But then if you run this mid month, everything would balance out because you've already depreciated for the month. I think that'll handle it appropriately.

Speaker 2  1:30:16
The formula for expected depreciation you said that would be what was that formula?

Matthias Miller  1:30:22
What was the actual appreciation? Prior to the first of the month? plus the depreciation plus the monthly depreciation amount?

Unknown Speaker  1:30:40
Oh, that's you're saying that's the expected depreciation? Yes.

Speaker 2  1:30:51
It'd be exactly the same as the actual but it would add a month. Other months worth of expected depreciation. Yes.

Speaker 2  1:31:13
Yeah, so why those depreciation expenses are happening automatically? Couldn't we just, I mean, wouldn't they always be the same? Same thing? Yeah, accounting Impact Report is is the intent of it is as a double check. Right.

Matthias Miller  1:31:43
If someone makes a?

Matthias Miller  1:32:14
Yeah, that's fair.

Matthias Miller  1:32:25
And we would just Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:32:42
So what what do we do in the in the event that the two are different, the expected depreciation and the actual depreciation are?

Matthias Miller  1:32:51
I mean, do we really need to do anything different besides what we do for if the value is what we expect? We just recalculate depreciation based on the remainder of the useful life?

Speaker 2  1:33:05
Well, that's what I was thinking it. If we're constantly just looking at remaining value, you know, whatever's basically whatever's the initial cost, minus what's already been depreciated minus the salvage costs, whatever's remaining there. We could constantly be I mean, every month we could. Thanks, we'll be recalculating that we're looking at that amount dividing by 20 a month and then by 19, then by 18. And then if in the event that the value increases, that amount would go up. Value the asset decreases, then we would permit law laws

Speaker 2  1:34:01
that the impairment laws would also have to be part of that calculation. What if am I am I thinking my hearing you correctly? Is that what you're thinking as well?

Matthias Miller  1:34:13
Yes. And the advantage of this, this is something that was kind of bothering me in the back of my mind. Depending on depending on rounding issues, you're going to have variable rounding per month. So it makes it nice actually to recalculate that to accommodate those rounding issues.

Speaker 2  1:34:38
So if we do that would would we still have an accounting Impact Report?

Matthias Miller  1:34:45
No, it's more like we might we might still show it. I don't know if we'll interface it a depreciation report. So that you can see what the total impact is going to be.

Speaker 2  1:35:04
Now will this be the expenses on the accounting? That if we have five that we have five items, posting to production equipment and fixtures every month, will that be a lump sum or will that be broken down as five transactions depreciation, forklift, depreciation forklift to depreciation pallet racking?

Matthias Miller  1:35:34
I was in visioning one transaction per asset, but

Speaker 2  1:35:44
Okay, good that, yeah, that would be ideal. That would be another way to troubleshoot if, if for some reason depreciation looks real high for one month, and we're trying to figure out if it's a lump sum, it be tough to figure out but if it's, that would also help I mean, same as as would your accounting Impact Report.

Matthias Miller  1:36:30
Okay, so then, this takes us down into a purchase order

Matthias Miller  1:36:40
where we would also have the asset ID on the purchase order so that we could tie it out to

Matthias Miller  1:36:52
So, we could push that all the way across

Speaker 2  1:36:55
is that the purchaser when we initially buy the asset? Or is this when we're, this is when we initially buy it right?

Matthias Miller  1:37:05
When you initially buy it, except maybe it shouldn't actually be maybe it's the vendor invoice

Speaker 2  1:37:13
require an asset ID, if the line item a to a GL account. Fixed assets, we could do that. But if we're if we're doing projects, like where we're doing 10 Purchase Orders for one asset, then

Unknown Speaker  1:37:35
that wouldn't, I don't think that would

Speaker 2  1:37:42
work very well. So if you, if you buy a forklift was a let's say a forklift, and then you also buy a kit to retrofit it to be a battery operated forklift, and you want to put those two together as a complete package? You would? Or that was not a forklift, $10 an hour. Battery Pack deal. So a $50,000 asset, that asset would only have one, there would only be one asset, ID number. Or for all of that, in the way I was thinking about it, were you thinking there would be an ID for both of them?

Matthias Miller  1:38:33
No, but then you would. What I'm thinking is on the vendor invoice when you pay for when you start paying these invoices. Well, here it gets tricky. If you have a 90 day term on your invoices, just as an example, you might put it into useful life before you actually start before you actually pay for it and gets final expenses.

Matthias Miller  1:39:03
Like nevermind, go into AP.

Speaker 2  1:39:09
Yeah. I'll say you use the ID number. Like in my example, would you use the you probably use the forklift serial number for the ID and then just enter that asset ID number for the battery. Get as well.

Matthias Miller  1:39:27
Yes, yes, I get a drop for just that time. I'll be right back. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:45:49
All right. Sorry about that. Just a few minutes I'm back

Speaker 2  1:46:02
what was that? Do you say? You're good I'm back continue Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:46:07
I'm good. I'm good to go. Okay

Matthias Miller  1:46:14
okay so then I think the main thing is so we're on the same page as far as SATs I think the big question is, Is it fine? Can we just put this on the on the vendor invoice and that worry about POS

Speaker 2  1:46:33
if we put it on the vendor invoice that will allow allow us to vary sample to bracket as soon as it's an eight p yes yeah

Unknown Speaker  1:46:53
because we no longer require a purchase Yeah, that's fine.

Matthias Miller  1:47:02
So in the accounting transaction each line item can be tied to an asset ID we would warn when assigning to an account for fixed asset but without assigning an ID we would also warn when creating a purchase for an asset already in service warning that it will increase depreciation that the user should consider an impairment loss if this is not intended

Unknown Speaker  1:47:38
and earlier we said that we will not allow it purchase to be added to an asset already in service or we talked about that so your thought is just adding a warning

Matthias Miller  1:47:57
Yeah, I'm concerned about some kind of weird edge case where yes, we know we probably shouldn't be doing this but we need to do it

Speaker 2  1:48:09
yeah, I think I like this approach. Yeah. Okay, so you mentioned an impairment loss if if we increase it by x amount appreciation which is start to be more per month

Matthias Miller  1:48:31
Correct? Yes. Perfect. Yeah

Matthias Miller  1:48:39
the implementation thing is just notes about how you were planning to set up the the accounts I don't know that there's really anything anything that's required I think the

Matthias Miller  1:49:16
think the

Matthias Miller  1:49:24
Okay, the end of period ending the next consider section from what I can tell everything was handled there. The end of period depreciate depreciation expense needs to be zeroed out into accumulated depreciation. I wonder if that's a comment for Joel perhaps on period clothes

Unknown Speaker  1:49:51
Yeah, cuz appreciation is we're talking about Yeah, doesn't need To be isn't period specific

Matthias Miller  1:50:09
I'm going to, I'm going to put this in as a note for him. And this has been quite productive. So anything else on this before we kind of wrap up next steps?

Speaker 2  1:50:36
I mean, the last section of the question is how do we handle sale abandonment of the acid? We've covered all of that. Earlier in the meeting? I believed in, didn't we? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:50:48
All that stuff is gonna, you're

Speaker 2  1:50:52
you're gonna update that? No, I think this is makes sense to me.

Matthias Miller  1:51:00
Do you want just this copy of the asset management? Or did you want a full copy of the proposal?

Unknown Speaker  1:51:09
Just this copies fine.

Matthias Miller  1:51:13
So let me

Matthias Miller  1:51:21
just scoot away here. And sending it out your way. And then we will pick up on Monday on undeposited funds.

Speaker 2  1:51:44
And by Monday, I'll try and have that we need to be able to split the multiple GL accounts. The expensing an acid

Unknown Speaker  1:52:02
Cool.

Matthias Miller  1:52:07
Good. Okay. Sounds good.

Speaker 2  1:52:12
Thank you. Ben, if you're still on, there's a chance that we might reach out to you with some questions. Drew's here and we're running into a few things that we might need some assistance on, so Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:52:27
yeah, that's fine. Yeah. Awesome. We should. Yeah, thanks, guys.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai