Unknown Speaker  00:00
It morning, Friday morning to you. Well, how are you doing? I'm doing well. Two things are awesome. So what we get going on in the morning,

Speaker 1  00:20
I feel a little bit like a fallen off my rhythm. And then praying and thinking a little bit about where happens. And I don't know if it's related to Matt, I don't know if it's I don't even know.

Speaker 2  00:38
I would say that, I would say and not just Matt but the community as a whole. And remember, I spoke to Holy Spirit's you know, God wants you to carry his burden. And, and the burden was this person that I've been praying for? Probably three. Well, so you know, how we could think it. Now we could think of someone for the burden of the Lord is the burden of the law. And we don't, we don't wish to change it or dictate what it's going to be. And so you could be carrying the burden on the Lord. For the people on one side as often as you found this kind of bless your heart. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Yeah, this is this is kind of Bless you. Look at this. This just came in this morning. To me, this is our new generation babies. They're just little babies. I know when you did up here the is incredible. And she's looking at us like and you think you have problems I'm pooping everywhere. I don't know the bathroom yet. I don't know who these people are. You know, this is the one born in the eighth of July. This is my great great nephew. sizes get this from his grandma. And that's something that and so we don't have any problem. We just have to keep growing right? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. We have to keep growing when that's something right in the middle of our phone call here she comes blood for me is getting the royal treatment is what I'm saying. So we don't you're carrying the burden of the Lord. And here's the thing that I this is one thing that guy told me I'm just responding to her grandmother my my knees but anyway she's looking like I'm in great hands her grandparents are here are in Alabama for a few weeks. And so she's just in an abundance of love that we don't even understand that just looking at it because there's not a whole lot we can do right now put poop and

Speaker 2  03:46
just keep looking at my greatness when these are dad's twin, I mean that's how he looked when he was a big so my eyes when you feel his one of the things always speak to me to give you this morning was wake up playing in the Holy Ghost man break. I've got some robots that just wake up doing this. As you're given to me immediately because you you've got big shoulder. You've got big shoulders, God has given you big shoulders. And that's, that's that's you. You're your big shoulders. And so you bring the Holy Ghost because that's your most holy faith tells us that it's your most holy faith. But you have something so powerful and so beautiful. And you wake up in the morning but a baba baba robocall, just give it to God. It's his burden, right? Yes, yeah, it is, but He's inviting you. So you give it that's what I do. Beautiful opportunity for an ascension and the Holy Ghost. When when I don't, I don't always have the word Sai Baba. As I was walking through my house this morning when I get up, let go for vocals. I'm giving it to him, whatever it is. It's a perfect prayer. Yes. And you got a wreck? You got a bad because your natural man may need something, you know, may need a comedy or, or something. You know, we love to laugh, but I found love laughing. Yeah. So did you because something was extracted or something was extracted. There was, you know,

Speaker 1  05:55
one of the things that God gave me on my driving this morning was like, I mean, it was all this stuff of stuff that I talked to Dallas, one of our other clients about and stuff that this guy needs to hear. And it's like, it's a little bit of what we were talking about last night and a little bit about the whole. It's all this stuff that nobody talks about. Everybody talks about numbers, everybody talks about market, everybody talks about all these other things. But there's foundational pieces of

Speaker 1  06:28
this guy has a he has his his hobbies is number number one. And he has his hobbies as his business and his business as a hobby. And

Speaker 2  06:41
Matthias Hold on one second. So fine wine quick. Yep. Right on. Right on. Thank you, Matthias. You're welcome. He's got,

Speaker 1  07:19
he's got his businesses, his hobbies, hobbies, business. And there's this whole thing of entrepreneurial foundations. It's like, stirring in me that says these are foundations that very, very few people, if any, I've found are talking about it. And yet, I look at people who fight against these rules. And whenever they fight against these rules, it just doesn't work. The same time, this whole, the whole phone course thing that I'm building up keeps sucking my attention. And

Speaker 2  07:57
oh, here's the thing done here, guys. Foundation, me or say it this way, your foundation. And what this means. What this means is that he's going to, he's going to allow you to know, his movement. Okay? So all of this discovery is about you knowing that sensation of environment that you're in, like we know when it's raining, we know when it's sunny. We know when it's snowing. So you've been invited by God to know the conditions of the environment. Always, even when you were helping us or prosit build software, you realize, well these people need this net, remember, remember, you can see the Ruta. This is not where we should start, we should start here. That's your gift. In full operation. That's your gift. That's your grace. Assessing condition. Remember that so that those are the wheels turning and knowing that work with it. You know what I'm saying? Allow us to know and capture them and do what you do with them. You sit down with them. It's just like a scientist in the lab. When they make a discovery, they don't freak out. Or they they might, but what they do Matthias and I'm not saying you're freaking out, but I'm giving these descriptions. So you can clearly see what I'm saying. But here's the blessing. God isn't invited you in on his doing his knowing his discovery, the good physician can look in your eyes and see the condition of your heart with all of its connected, good physician can look in your ears and see the condition of your nose, your ears, your throat, you see what I'm saying? Yeah, you're skillful. You know that these are signs you're skillful. So these are compliments. To many To be fair, you have to walk into service, you have to know these things. You don't take them all on, but you have to know them to get where I'm going. Because you're, you're a master surgeon, for humanity there. So now you take a different view of it all. is given you is giving you an insight, giving you input, giving you understanding, wisdom, and knowledge and you know exactly where people are. Matthias, when you talk to me, you can tell where I am. If I share a testimony with you, as someone you don't know, Okay, I gotta pray for the people find her but I got big shoulders. But I know how to get it off of me too. Yeah, that's my deal. That's what makes me skillful. It doesn't destroy me. In land, assessing the land, discerning the land, that's our responsibility from deer. That's a gift of land.

Speaker 1  11:40
So the very thing that makes this situation look overwhelming that makes me feel incompetent, or this is actually my gift at that plane at work, because Matt, the answer is simple. Dude, I just want to extract your knowledge about software and turn it into systems and make my life you know, here's the here's the pill that I swallow that makes my problems go away.

Speaker 2  12:05
Exactly. And guess what my diet for developing software is your training ground to develop knucklehead people? How about that? Short and sweet, short and sweet big, because I'm telling you, I get calls of celebration. I get calls of morning, I get calls of my knees just almost ready to jump off a cliff. Son is getting his doctorate degree I get the gamut. And, and and God has trained me on what to do with each thing I do. I don't. when when when when the mother cognitive scientists got done three. I don't tell her about the girl. They just tried to jump off the cliff. And the mother called me about the daughter they tried to jump off the cliff. I don't tell her about the lady who scientists got his doctorate. How wacky would I be Matthias? work you?

Unknown Speaker  13:05
Yeah, you would be one of the people who need to be calling yourself.

Speaker 2  13:09
Exactly. I would have to comment that in the same attire. You need to make that gets mentioned compelling the mother you see what what's beautiful is we are being raised, developed, shaped and molded by a Holy Ghost Mathias to be in the land for God not mania. Yeah, we're good. Man pan up with right. But guess who we really worked for? So we've really worked for Yeah, we work for your phone. That's the headquarter that's the real head off. Not the money that the people pay. That's not our boss. We got one boss. That helping? Yeah, I guess. So you are it. Oh,

Speaker 1  14:07
the human accusation against this is that I'm the person who just wants to go in and just shake things up. And maybe, maybe maybe that was true in the past. And I think part of this is also find myself reckoning with a lot of those voices, which ultimately just are the voices of the enemy. Right. Right. Right, that are discrediting me and reality. The reality of it is that most people have built on a foundation other than Christ.

Speaker 2  14:48
I'm on my thigh. Yes. Say that again, man. Come on. Come on, brother. Come on. That's exactly it in a nutshell. So what's your real problem?

Speaker 1  15:06
So then the reason they raise a stink and raise a fuss is because well, first of all, if we're going to keep the building, we're gonna have to move the building somewhere else, but it's probably not even the right building.

Unknown Speaker  15:17
Come on, pretty much died. That's why God is using you, man.

Speaker 1  15:24
This also means that if this is okay, this is just where I say no, thank you, but you can do whatever you want. But doesn't that also mean if this is where I'm called? The these are the those are the kinds of leads that are going to show up in my life. Like I'm going to get a bunch of people who just got done building a big beautiful building on the wrong foundation.

Speaker 2  15:51
All your life Matthias all your life. All your life printer back. Think about your children. That's exactly what happened in their life. Well, from the day you get. That's like we were training him but he already put in you. Now, you could send me an extra million for that. Okay, if we didn't get to the root of the matter. He would send me a million things. You don't have to send me any more payments. Okay. I'll be right on that. And then we won't have you know, they're not really they were supposed to be when I'm supposed to be late. Cuz I'm okay. You know. I'm telling you, Matthias. You just nailed it. You nailed it. What day? We live. What do I 16th pain please write that down. Now I know who I am. Okay. Write that down. Happy birthday.

Speaker 2  17:03
Happy birthday. Happy God that God? Yeah, happy guy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So let's go. We did it. We did it. We did it in 15. waiting. 19 minutes, brother. I'm telling you, Matthias walk in Matthias Miller. That's all I need you to do. And when it gets too heavy brick cotton bruco. Coco, bah, bah bah. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you for resolution. Thank you for Wow. Yeah, yeah. Is that

Speaker 1  17:47
the people who don't who came into my life and don't like me or the people who weren't willing to relocate? Exactly,

Speaker 2  17:54
exactly. It was that I? Yeah, it wasn't for them right now. And that's okay. But I'm right now. Yeah. It wasn't for the Pharisees at that moment. When Jesus came, it was unfortunate. Yeah, yeah. We can all and you know, one more time, my son, given me a brand new car a 2000. Chevy Cruze. But look, I gotta pay $250 for the next nine months, and then we go on renegotiate. And they're not take on the note, because he doesn't want it to be repossessed. Because he was injured. He fell down some stairs at work. So it's a long story. But anyway, is it possible for me to begin to get my payments on the photos? Because I need to be able to manage all of what I need to manage up until the 15th. So the 15, we're kind of have me in a place where I'm kind of trying to beat them. But it's impossible. He just told me that two days ago. If I'll,

Speaker 1  19:06
I will have to see. I mean, I believe so. And I am willing to do whatever it can. If it's, it's necessary to do split payments, is that an option?

Speaker 2  19:16
Yeah, whatever, whatever you got to do, but I need some money in my hand on the first so I can satisfy some of the bills so that on the 15th, I'm not trying to do it for whatever you can work, just figure it out. And let me know what it is. And the car note our have that in the beginning, you know, the first one. So if you did it in two, that's fine. But however you can do and if you gave me cash and I gave it back or whatever, but I just want to make sure I satisfy that. And then we renegotiate the contract of the car. And, you know, in five months, and then we'll go from there and I should be up and running with masa by then again. I'm not in a rush to get to them, I don't want to call them as they went to a start. I don't want to do that because all of this time has been very valuable and good for me physically, you know to get stronger. So you let me know you let me know. Okay. But within a week on the

Speaker 1  20:19
end, it usually takes about two days to process. So do you want it to process two days before the end of the month? So it lands on the first you want to process on the first comes? Two days or four?

Speaker 2  20:30
If we can do that two days before that would work. And make life simple for me. All right, dude, love you. Bless you. God is with us. All of you had just as just been discovered. Walk in Matthias Miller and nobody else. Because you're one eight. Okay, you're the one. Yeah. All right. Let me off when I get back.

Unknown Speaker  21:01
Okay, sounds good. Awesome. Thanks again. You're welcome. Bye bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai