Speaker 1  00:01
So I'm seeing this idea of an entrepreneurial foundations class where you deal with the foundations of entrepreneurship, and, and it's things like most people don't. Number one, don't understand what drives them, and number two, don't understand how to capture that and like this is the core essence I think a lot of people, and looking to build systems build things and build all these things around them but they don't understand the core driver of what is actually motivating them in the day to day experiences in the day to day operations. And so as a result, they end up spinning their wheels or they end up building something that is really nightmarish to maintain. There's also this concept that really came to me last night which is it's kind of like build your house first, but imagine a line number one and number two and, And most people have money, have the money generating activity as the number two, activity, and their number one is their dream outcome that they want to achieve.

Unknown Speaker  01:05
But,

Speaker 1  01:08
but the problem with this is that no matter how much you optimize number two will always be number two. And you won't actually benefit from the optimization in fact you will optimize it back down to the same level that it actually was at. And the only way that you can successfully optimize business is when it really is number one when this is your priority, this is your baby this is what you want to see grow, and any other other point it's just crisis management. This ties into the whole idea of falling in love with the process. If you. Most people don't succeed because they're unable to fall in love with the process. Most people also end up spending their time trying to get themselves to fall in love with the process and trying to find little hacks to motivate themselves and it's actually not about that. It's about creating alignment with your into intrinsic motivations, and being able to, in using that to motivate yourself when you do this when you're aligned with your internal motivations, what you are seeking out to do, will compel you to pursue the process when you fall in love with the process. First of all, you will follow the process to its very outcome, you'll take it all the way to the end, but if you do not fall in love with the process, you will always be fighting yourself on the way to getting where you need to go in order to get where you want to go. So there's this horrible fight with this. So, there's a handful of things with this, but it could probably be teased apart some more.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai