Speaker 1  00:00
Wait. Yeah, absolutely. Because now you're going to be able to frame your, your experience with individuals from these, from these advertisements, your your frame, and just like everything else. All those phases that you take people, new employees through and possible prospects, all of that everything needs that type of structure. But you don't go crazy. And things don't go haywire. Can you hold on one second? Let me tell this person, hold them back. Thanks.

Speaker 1  00:56
Thank you, sir. Yeah. So you were sharing both things, the framework for you. So I mean,

Speaker 2  01:09
so So how do you like, I mean, if you want to take a look at it, from the perspective of

Speaker 2  01:22
even a great part of the grid, is, are these people actually truly legitimately on the past? That didn't need to be?

Speaker 1  01:33
Okay, number one, okay. And

Speaker 2  01:40
one of the things I've wrestled with as well is also around this concept of meeting them where they're at. And so if we can help them implement some of these, you know, if what they're coming to us for is centered around the health of processes. Well, ultimately, that's still not what they need. If they're building processes in the wrong place, it doesn't really matter, you're billing them in the wrong place.

Speaker 1  02:03
But can you say that do you feel free to say that in your professional way that you do? telling him that? Yeah, because here's the thing, that is one of the things I've learned, if you lay your ladder against the wrong wall, when you get to the top of going to be angry, in store, I will give you the sermon for you to say, Okay, what else are you thinking you should be doing? Because what we're doing is we're helping, we're walking with people through their process, their process is already in motion. So we're not creating something that's not happening. Where's the turning? What is happening? That makes life easy for you.

Speaker 2  02:59
In this situation, the thing that is happening is that well, this is I don't know how I missed this. This is exactly what I was teaching somebody else and this needs to be. I mean, maybe at some point, we have a prerequisite. Anyway.

Speaker 1  03:16
Absolutely. You must go through. Absolutely. That's you. You're the man. You're the Matthias You're the pre requisite mania. Okay.

Speaker 2  03:30
For example, the whole concept of falling.

Unknown Speaker  03:35
You're breaking up. I don't know why.

Speaker 2  03:38
I'm hanging on let me let me see. Let me see if I can. Okay. Is this any better? Yeah, much better. Okay. So for example, most people approach money as as a means to an end. Right? And then because they do that they sacrifice themselves on the way to the end. Yes, instead of falling and falling instead with the process of what they're actually supposed to be building zactly you just solve the world's problems? And and, I mean, this is like the core one of the core foundational issues that I see with people who are broke. Yeah. Or either broke financially or broke emotionally or relationally

Speaker 1  04:27
or broke spiritually or broke spiritually. Yeah. And like if I had a way to get this into people's head before they ever get on the phone with Bob right them guys, we can't get anybody into anybody's paid it. Do you know how much God has tried to help people to collaborate with him with those were silver fish. In most things, we say, okay, God, I'm doing this because I want this from you. God says, No, I need you to want a relationship with me more than you want that thing. And the challenge, the human condition is, I want the thing more than I want you. That's the human condition. It's rare that people want God, they want the thing that God has, be it heaven. Be healing, be a deliverance, they want the thing. And God has said, but I want you to want me to see one thing. Yeah, you're not gonna be to get that and to anybody paid it. You've got to be. And I'll give you an example. And I'll use Perry Marshall. When I met Terry Perry wasn't thinking about God. He's trying to get that 8020 thing done. He wasn't thinking about God. And he knew he wanted God to get that. One thing done. However, he met God in the process. To him, all roads lead him as is. However, we don't want we don't want to take his road. We prefer our road. Follow. As I act like I'm following you, they got easy because we pretend we don't know we're pretenders. But we don't want to and we want the thing. Yeah, that's the human condition. So you're not going to get it in anybody's head. what you've got to do is go before God, help me, Lord. Okay. You're telling me this person named blue? Blue, blue? Tell me No, because here's the thing. I didn't I didn't arbitrarily pick Perry. God did. And he had a message for him. That was just for him. Yeah, so Vivian wasn't leading God. That was leading. That's the difference. That's what you're going to discern. that people are leading God and he still loves it. Just like your children. Come on daddy. And they think they've taken you somewhere. And I might be, I don't know, could it toy room, it might be to the yard to show you something they discovered. But ultimately, Matthias you're leading them, no matter how many times they think they can lead you. You're leading them. Yeah. And they're not sensitive to that. They want to lead all the time. It's better to do. It's our human nature. Yeah. So when you come to when you come to their awareness, or realization, that I can't lead these people anywhere. Holy Ghost. You gotta show me because I'm telling you, Matthias. I can't. I can't lead anytime. I'm allowing Holy Spirit to lead me. Now. I can I qualify? He leads me I'm not leading. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And I've seen a lot of people that say they have a relationship with God. No, they don't. They don't. They want to believe they're having more. But he sees their heart. He knows the motives of their heart. God is such an exhale that he's What do they call it? The people that do the X rays? radiology. Yeah, he's running through our food debris. And all the world looks like Oh, shit. So So pious, oh, and God is saying this person is so far away from me with their pie itself.

Speaker 2  09:11
So here's another piece of thinking back what was the connecting point? The connecting point was your an out of the box thinker.

Unknown Speaker  09:24
Right now.

Speaker 2  09:25
Now the question is this is with with Matt. Now the question is not an part of this question. Is was the Kinect complaint?

Unknown Speaker  09:37
Okay,

Speaker 2  09:39
because I'm thinking back about filters. And like, all these things, is that there are superficial qualities that people will connect with me on.

Speaker 1  09:57
Yeah. And the default Welcome back. You're breaking up again that I don't know why. Okay, there are,

Speaker 2  10:10
there are superficial qualities people will connect with me. Yeah. You're Monet, you're smart. You work with computers, you know systems, your box thinker, you're a leader, you're quote successful by some measure, whatever that means. People will. Yeah, scaffolding that people will gravitate will pick up on that. But then there are people like Jason, for example. Who do not connect? That's not the connecting point. No, it's

Speaker 1  10:41
not. It's not the superficial side of you. It's the God's side of you.

Speaker 2  10:48
It's the God's side of me. That's the connecting point. So how much of my pre requisite filtering comes down to just that gauging? What is the connecting point?

Speaker 1  10:59
You know what Matthias, you get to choose? Because I'll tell you this. And love intelligent human beings I love I'm older. They could be Harry Krishna, they could be agnostic. I don't care. Because you've got information that at my knee, you see what i'm saying with guys? I don't get caught up. Don't get stuck on that. And here's the thing, because a person has not met Christ genuinely does not mean I don't engage with them. I'm not if I don't, because God said he gave gifts unto man. those gifts or gifts and talents are still in me. Regardless of what they're in there. Yeah, let's get out our comm without repentance. You don't have to be saying to be gifted. You don't have to be Christian. To be gifted. Oh, no, look at Darwinism. Look at science. Look, you know, it's the many agnostics they say Nope. I don't believe in God. But I studied in Weber's and this and that. And you think of Wow, you don't believe in God. Okay. So that's their own insanity. I don't have anything to do with that Messiah. I love this is what I love. And God knows that about me. I love people. And I love what's inside of people McDyess. I don't care if it's the purple, black or green. I don't care if you're male or female. I don't care if you're a crossdresser. I don't care if you like cat. Or if something inside of you that belongs to God. See, that's my different word, what you think you you Mac fan or what you think you specialize in? Or what you think you're gifted, and that belongs to God, buddy. And he's coming forth His gifts. Yeah. And hopefully you have sense enough to receive the giver with so many don'ts. So I don't get caught up. I don't get caught. Do you know Matthias and those groups? All the stuff that they're repaired? People come in there. I'm gifted just like you and God says no, they're not there. They're a warlock. And they don't stop me from loving them. So okay, what's your guess? And they start telling me and this and that. And I say, okay, is that witchcraft? And they look at me cross eyed like, no, it's a gift from God. So Oh, okay. So guess what I understand. And I see it to be witchcraft. You don't have enough things to know. And that's not your fault. Yeah, but when I begin to tell you about your childhood, and things you've experienced problems Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa, we don't have the same gift. Yeah, it's kind of for the heart. Not your gift. Yeah. So he, he is putting me around these diverse humanity to save this. Ah, you have the Holy Ghost. I don't know what these people have McDyess. Yeah. And God reveals it to me. But I don't know. Until he says that black magic. That's why magic is I'm telling you, I'm always in school with God. And that's, that's the most powerful place to be Matthias because there are things I don't even think about. I just wanted to get a nap. God says this. I need you to carry my bird and I said, Okay. And I do with that is we go to bed. Um, no. I'm meeting him. Good day. Okay, God, what should that's the priority in my life? After I get through it all of what I do. Okay, fine. What's your purpose? So he's showing you, Matthias, let him know, I'm showing you, you know, you, you are being raised up to set the captives free. I don't care where they are, they're gonna get set free if they encounter you. If nothing out, you plant a seed. If nothing else, you're watering at sea. But the increase always come from God is never going to come from us. Yeah, that's true. Yeah, yeah, that's true. And bottom line? Yeah, the bottom line is Don't, don't, don't ever let yourself be put under somebody else's yoke. Never.

Speaker 2  16:02
Number Number two, we walk in surrender. We can't choose if anybody else will, no matter. No matter how smart, intelligent, good, wise, prudent, it seems on the surface. There's no break it down. Break it down, find what God's God's telling you. And if you're not willing to surrender to that, there's nothing we can do with that. napkin. So if they, if they and I think part of the issue that I have is around the issue of fairness, but my time is my time. And it's worth what my time is worth. Yeah. If you're putting expectations about what that time is going to be, you're going to put demands on that. And you're not willing to yield to where the time is supposed to be, then you're not going to experience the fruit of it.

Speaker 1  16:54
Come on Matthias put a period on the end of that. That's it. There it is. Right there. You just broke it down. Go back and write it and use it as a script. And hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus.

Speaker 2  17:10
And one of the next things out of the gate probably is is doing that writing that down getting it down on paper, and Jason into it, but then having a conversation with with Matt of saying like, Look, this is where it is. I'm not convinced that you're in the business that you're supposed to be in.

Speaker 1  17:28
Come on Matthias that's who you are, sir. And it's okay. When I get to a stop sign I say I'm not stopping. Well, the stop sign is there. If there's a collision Do you really think you were not gonna have a collision? Because you didn't stop Come on Matthias traffic path? No, you're not. You're not for my teddy bear. like come on teddy bear. I just need you for comfort No, well, I'd be a full No, no, no, no, no. These these structures these these law are in place for the unlawful so if you want to stop when God's telling you stuff, what can I do with you? Nothing. I'm rendered powerless. These guys could do no miracle because of their unbelief Can you believe that? sees us could do no miracles Matthias Oh, am I nobody? I send me the hope of glory. And if you don't listen to him, or you don't have the faith. First of all, this is the thing. You're sent by dime a dime. You're not showing up in these people's lives because you don't have anything better to do. Yeah, yes, sir. My God. And so when we have this conversation, whatever that is, and I'm feeling you kick in. We Yeah, this is okay. And, and we depart in love. If not, you're the devil. You're gonna die. No, you you're making your choices. You're making your choices and you have a right to make a choice. You have a right. I'm so proud of you McDyess. You're getting ready to kill him. I'm telling you. Because when you come in prepared, and God, there is nothing anybody can do with you. Because your preparation is not a man. Yeah, that's what Jesus was. You may or may not have anything to do with it. My father sent me. Oh, so what are you talking about? I got to keep going cuz you want something else? Yeah. Got to drop off. Okay, fine. sped it up, structure it and don't violate what God. Okay. Lay things on this. This was good. Matthias This is real good. Okay, I'm meeting with Jason tomorrow at two, two. Okay. Let's say I might have some time in the morning. Okay. And I've got to go back to the prosthetic people. I got to be there and nine, but it's going to be a quick thing. So I have to be home by 10 1030. Okay. Okay, call before that'll be good. Okay, sounds good. We'll pray tomorrow. Sounds good. You're welcome.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai