Speaker 1  00:13
Hi, good morning, everyone. So Matthias I think Matthias sent you a message that will be out for a bit because he has the bug. So I'll be hosting and I'll just be a silent participant. So you guys can you know, have your your conversation all

Unknown Speaker  00:33
Good morning, Michael. Good morning, Michael.

Unknown Speaker  00:37
Hey, good morning. Good

Unknown Speaker  00:38
morning.

Unknown Speaker  00:41
Everybody. Hey, get it there.

Speaker 2  00:46
Seems like there's some going around. Life was sick for a couple days last week. And for maybe it's a fluke, but then I just keep hearing it popping up everywhere. Seems like some sort of seems to making this rounds. So hopefully, hopefully, Matthias will, or as well soon.

Speaker 3  01:13
Yeah. Indeed, the only good thing I heard recently it was from a friend. They said, Well, if you're sick now, then you're over it before the holiday season. It is a blessing in disguise to have been kind of caught off guard a little early with cold and flu season. You. So, Tori, what an awesome job. See another sale that came through yesterday.

Unknown Speaker  01:40
Thanks, Marissa. I think they'll simply sir.

Unknown Speaker  01:45
That is awesome. That is so awesome.

Speaker 1  01:48
Thank you, I got a few more replies from that template as well. So I drafted up something good.

Speaker 3  01:54
I do too. So Michael to loop you and Tori. And I put our heads together yesterday. And she shared what she was presenting to customers as a template. And I shared what I was presenting to customers, this is a template. And we basically merge them together kind of took the best of both, and made a nice concise email that we could deliver a quote ID that was a very informal quote. So we're just trying to maximize our effort and energy as you know, how fast can you get it in a formal quote in someone's hands and then kind of give them an action step to follow and Tory have this nice action step of you know, maybe dialoguing about the color of the building? Kind of the end of the email, so great to see a little bit of traction on that. As far as responses go.

Speaker 1  02:49
Yeah, instead of taking that post of like, yeah, it was interesting. Instead of taking the approach of, after calling the customer, like sending them an email saying, you know, pretty much just trying to get them on the phone, we just screenshot the first page in the configurator, what the building looks like, and then press buy and screenshot the next page that shows the outline, just like the price breakdown and the final price at the bottom and send that over to them. Just so they have like, you know, an idea of the basics. And we let them know that they can change it or add anything. And as Marissa said, we put like, the different colors for that particular sighting. So I think that, you know, a lot of people don't want to get on the phone. So it's good for them to just see that visual. And the guy that ended up purchasing yesterday. He replied to that quickly, I actually called him he didn't answer. I sent him that. And he reply really quickly and was like this is this is exactly what I was looking for. And we immediately started discussing RTO so that was like the quickest so ever.

Unknown Speaker  03:56
That was amazing. I was so excited. Wow.

Speaker 2  03:59
Wow. So that was he literally you made one contact, like trying to reach out it was literally a voicemail and then he responded by phone, text or email, how did you respond

Speaker 1  04:12
by email? So I went ahead and sent him over the sample code of what his bulletin will look like, just based off of what he put in the questionnaire. Of course, he didn't have like the color like But thankfully, the gray was what he was looking for. Um, he could have easily changed it. But yeah, he just simply responded to the email saying that well, and then he just wanted to add a porch so Oh, neat.

Speaker 2  04:38
So on the rent own, did he do the zero downright tone? Is that what he did? Or what what can we rent?

Speaker 1  04:43
Well, I did put in a zero down but he said he can make a payment on May 28. So I put that in the notes.

Speaker 2  04:51
Okay, so that was easy. That was really good. So Wow. So this lead came in And yesterday? Yes, it did. Wow, that's amazing. Well, if we can read what happened there, that's an amazing. That was an amazing story there. I tell you. Very exciting there.

Unknown Speaker  05:16
Yeah, so my plan is, oh, go ahead.

Speaker 2  05:21
Oh, it's just gonna ask on that particular lead that came in, did he? Did he specify for us to be able to text out to him as well? Or was he one of those guys that had said, just email and phone number?

Speaker 1  05:34
You know what I did not? I did not mention the text message. And I'm sorry. But I will, I will reach out to see if he's okay with it. I guess I was so excited.

Speaker 2  05:44
That I didn't mean to No, no, no, no, that's, that's great. I thought I was just curious. You know, I don't care if you know, oh, like, text or email. I was just curious what type of person he was. Was he was he? Let me go look, if that had any effect. It sounds like he did not communicate with texts. Right.

Speaker 1  06:04
Right. So on his form, it said. Yeah, he wanted email looking at his forum. But yeah, we didn't we didn't communicate through texts. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  06:17
That's interesting.

Speaker 2  06:19
That's great. Did have did have one question. Wanted to ask this morning. On. earlier in the month at this the beginning of the month, we had spoken about doing a offer guarantee statement thing? Has that been of any effect at this point yet? Or what have been, what has been some customer responses to offers like that, like, a we can guarantee the building, you'll be you know, of quality, your you know, the greatest satisfaction, in fact, equilibrium the building to you before you pay? Has that has that had any effect on customer orders? Positive or? Not really? Not really any? Any?

Speaker 3  07:17
It's a great question, Michael. Tory, if you want to go ahead and answer this one first, I do have a thought to add to it. But you're the one that's closed the deals thus far. So let's hear with the the deal closing has that been beneficial?

Speaker 1  07:33
I may have used it one, one person. But that didn't result in like a close. Yeah. And the people that I have closed a few people. Well, one was financing. And I know we're not doing it on that. And the other one. It hasn't really been something that I guess I had to use on those on those sales that are close. Sure. Nerves, you can go ahead. Don't know how much on it.

Speaker 3  08:06
The two leads I have in the pipeline that are cash buyers, Michael, they both have had one has had a site check. He has a firm commitment. The other is waiting on a site check next week, he is also very serious. that mattered a lot to them as cash buyers. I would agree that with financing and rent owed, it's less of a sway less of a point that we're able to make. But it did seem to kind of put their mind at ease. Because they were putting down so much cash. You know, I think the one building is going to be $15,000. So the one gentleman that has that larger building, it did seem to matter to him. So just wanted to put that out there a bit it, it seemed beneficial. Okay, good.

Speaker 2  09:04
I like the V by ended the month just to have another update on that and see if it's been if it actually has helped to close any sales. That's what I'd like to see if there's, if it makes the difference. Like it seems like that could be helpful in the deciding factor. Should we continue to do that. If it is actually helpful to close the sales or not. Right? Right. The tool to do that.

Speaker 1  09:31
I do have a guy that have gone back and forth with right now. Just figuring out like the size he wants, and he's a cash buyer. So I'm definitely I'm kind of waiting to get like a little bit closer to the end and throwing that out there to like get them on the hook but or to keep him on the hook and reel him in. I do think we're getting closer to that point of him making a decision. So I'm kind of saving it keeping it in the in the tool bag until I need to use it. That's it idea instead of using it too early. I'll let you know for sure how that turns out.

Speaker 2  10:10
Good. That's it want to change gears a little bit touch on the backyard financing as a merchant just a little bit this morning. We spoke to Leanne yesterday and the from her and it looked like there was confirmation that both of you were able to do login and get set up as a user. correct on that? Yes. It is perfect. And then had asked her also to send over maybe a link to some more information on that to get more familiarized with that program. As Have you been able to get that or direction of where to go to their site on to?

Speaker 3  11:04
We have a link from well, I have a link. I'm hopeful that Tory has the same one. It was to backyard finance.com. And it was their dealer Resources page. They have some trading videos on the platform. I have not watched them yet. But Leanne provided that link so that we get access, you know, kind of some self guided training for backyard fighter jets.

Speaker 1  11:33
I received it, I received it as well. I plan to dive into it today.

Speaker 2  11:37
Perfect. Yep. Okay, great. Yeah, love to hear some feedback on that. Once you once you go through that, see if there's any remaining questions, comments or whatever. Sure. I'm basically trying to get you the division to the position where you feel comfortable offering that to a customer. Obviously, it's a little unnerving to offer something to a customer that you're not quite comfortable with yet. And, you know, get to a point where to start asking questions, and you have no idea is a little bit unnerving sometimes, especially when you're talking about financial, you know, things that central things and financial and you really don't know, but I think it will be supposedly it's a pretty good reel in that so. Okay.

Speaker 3  12:38
Just take a note to watch the rest of it today here.

Speaker 1  12:45
Since Oh, let's see. I sent a lady a backer application yesterday. So I wanted to hurry up and get familiar with this. Just in case she has any questions.

Speaker 2  12:59
Okay, great. Yeah. Good. So you said you did understand correctly that you should be you offered a tour and she's like, literally following the process to see if she gets approved.

Speaker 1  13:11
Yeah, yeah. So I sent her over location, you just put like the loan amount and I think it was I believe

Speaker 2  13:23
Oh, great. Love to hear feedback on that hearing if what the customer is seeing, seeing what their options rates were see if they're happy. Obviously. Obviously, depending on the customer, they'll probably either freely share information or maybe depending on the customer, not so much. But I'll be interested in hearing what my experience has been with that a great So for today, what's what's some of the some of the the top maybe three customers that at the best, you know, apt to be pursuing today and maybe talk about them just a little bit.

Unknown Speaker  14:15
Sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  14:18
You want to go first myself.

Speaker 3  14:20
Sure. I have. The two hot leads in the pipeline are David Weber. He's the cash buyer with a large building and we're working on getting a site visit out his property next week. $50,000 metal building is his goal. Second to that would be Jonathan Reed, who is traveling today. It will be away for the rest of the week with his wife but they are applying through green sky for financing all that custom lead to building. He's a Greensboro Randall Did the site check and approved, so they're just going to complete the application and then, you know, choose the plan that they want for payment. So I would say both of those are very firm footing, as far as sales go, just patiently waiting the proper timeline to kind of lock in their signatures. And after that, there is a fellow named Randy Johnson, who have been pursuing conversation with, he has been very hesitant to walk in a building, because he's concerned about his landscaping. He had trees felled throughout his property, and he wanted to make sure they're out of the way. So just try to coach him through, you know, putting in order in talking with him to make sure that he understands he's not showing up tomorrow. And then he has some time to still handle some of the problems with the trees that are on his land. Those are probably the top three, maybe a close one to that would be a woman named Kathleen or T's. She's in Virginia. And she's still awaiting HOA approval on the color of her building, that she would be affirmed buyer from true point, once she has that confirmation. So it's kind of a top to top for good. Sure.

Speaker 2  16:31
So Jonathan, read on that site check. What has been some feedback from that? Could you sense a difference in his level of like, super with us with the with the process with you know, yeah, placing getting ready to place your order did that? Did that, like put his mind at ease? To some degree? Could you tell?

Speaker 3  16:59
Yes, he was such a highly detail oriented customer, I think he wanted to ensure that he had done everything in his power to prepare the site before he ordered the building. That visit really seemed to secure, you know, his confidence that the building would be deliverable, I really do not think there was a lot of pride problems with the delivery, there seem to be ample amount of space. But I think just the way he functions or the type of customer he is, is that hyper attention to detail person. So I think that helped him kind of cross that box off that he had confirmation that it was good to go. The other gentleman, David Weber, he probably needs a site check because we will be entering his property through the lawn on the side, he has a very, very large estate with a lot of acreage surrounding the property. And the driveway has this beautiful ornate stone entrance, but it restricts the width of what can come off his driveway. So we cannot come up with his driveway, we'd have to come from the road and cross over the grass to enter where he wants the building to go. And there is a slope of what would be like a water runoff just off of the road. And he was concerned about you know either ridging that or if the slope was not too severe that the mule could accommodate it with the building size it's a very large building it's going to be routine we go take double check here real quick. Yeah, it's a 14 by 32 So I wanted to be very careful on you know having a somewhat with a lot of experience check out that before we pulled the trigger. And then you know show up on delivery day and find that we're stuck in the mud when we get there

Speaker 2  19:14
sure. Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. Now, I agree doing a paycheck sounds like it's a it's a really good idea we do have fortunately have two different types of mules that we can use one has wheels on it and the other has tracks on it Lego really small mini excavator does or little bulldozer. Really really small but it has tracks on it so very good with not leaving you know tracks in your yard of the big way or the long tracks on it putting spreading out the way to where the tracks length and also gives it extremely good traction and pulling power. So also help to like navigate ditches better because of the standing backs on it. So seems like we would probably be well equipped as well as anybody in the industry to do that delivery possible. But

Speaker 3  20:20
that's good to know. And pardon me, I had to go on mute there moment for a cough but he is also a cash buyer Michael. So I think that just instilling each level of confidence in him as a buyer has been really helpful. He's also been very responsive using texts, and has said photographs and even a video of him he jumped on his side by side drove around the yard took a video of kind of what he envisioned the pathway to be instead it to us. So he's been super helpful to kind of give the logistics team some extra support before they drive all the way to his home. So I think that just shows his level of commitment as well that he's you know, very communicative. Oh, great. Yeah. Pretty cool.

Unknown Speaker  21:13
What? What a down Z. Oh, he

Speaker 3  21:17
is. Here with me one moment, Lee pull up his quote. He's in South Carolina.

Unknown Speaker  21:27
I believe it. The one that's close to Columbia.

Unknown Speaker  21:33
I recall, sorry. That's the disadvantage of not being local to the area. is knowing off the top of your head, the geography. All right, so he is in Simpsonville, South Carolina, which I pull up a map here really quick is and worked with Dwayne on adjusting his shipping. It's near Greenville. Kind of south east of Spartanburg.

Speaker 2  22:28
relatively flat down there. So that's good. That means the brain we'd be working with generally.

Speaker 3  22:33
Yeah. So if you'd like to see, I could send email the pictures over to you of his landscape. That would be interesting. Yeah, it's a nice, he did a great job of capturing it all. But I did work with Wade to correct his shipping because it was shipping automatically in the system from our Virginia location. And so we made a kind of like a discount in order to correct it to the correct shipping firm in Hampton Ville. Yeah. For sure, so bad. Well, Tori, any thoughts on your side? Sorry, I think I kind of took up that segment.

Speaker 1  23:17
Oh, no, you're good. Excuse me. So I have a lady by the name of Elaine. And it started off her not knowing what she wanted whatsoever. She needed a little time to figure it out. And I ended up calling her back and just helping her through the process. That was like a 20 minute 20 minute conversation. You know, just helping her figure out what she wants pertaining to her needs. So we we've come a long way. So we ended up figuring out what it was that she wanted. I sent her a quote that had like weird gray metal siding, and then her daughter got involved as well. She said she liked the Princeton and we just figured it out from there. This was the lady that was in the hospital. Oh, talking to ya talking me from the hospital bed about all that. So she says she just needed a day we talked on most today. Wednesday, we talked on Monday, she needed a day to send over the quote to her lady that handles her money. And she told me to give her a call back today. So that'll be my first call once we get off of this call, but she's very serious about the building and with one in a purchase. So that's Elaine and then Shawn. That's the guy that I'm going back and forth with through email. We're in between like an eight by 12 and eight by 16. So that's progressing. He wanted to know Wait, I'm getting mixed up Shawn as a cash buyer, so okay, he wants to stay around like the fourth $1,000 range And so just trying to work with him on that. And then there Steven Broadus Michael, that's a guy where I sent over pictures of his site and the car was right there. He's had a lot of questions. He emailed me this morning with some more questions. Let me go to the email. Is regarding rent to own? Like, if you put down $1,000? What will it look like? And how does interest work? And how does financing, or what's the difference between rent to own and financing, and things like that. So I'll get back to him on that this morning. I'm also getting with Dwayne because I'm a little unclear on like, the whole interest part of rent to own, I know, we don't refer to it as enclosures, but I just need a little more clarification on how to explain that to the customer. So I sent him a message this morning. So after I speak on the way

Speaker 2  25:57
to knowledge that I have on that, I can maybe share just a couple little points of on that. So rent to own, but people should understand is this is like taking the place of the Mini Storage, instead of having a mini storage will have you know, an off site mini storage where they pay a fee or rent to stay there, all of that money goes towards rent, and none of it towards you know, a purchase. And you have the inconvenience of having it at an offsite location rent to own allows you to bring a building to your backyard logistically, it makes so much sense, choose the colors that make it blend in nicely and bring value to your home. And it allows you to do partial of your monthly payment goes towards rent, or if it goes to towards purchasing the building. And so it allows, you know, that's what it should be compared with. Technically, by law, it's not, you can't call the rent on rent to own the, like, financing. And so that's the technical thing that should be explained like in that manner. So it also at the at the end of the contract, instead of a mini storage, you have nothing just go pick up your stuff. Own the building. And so there's where the value comes from. Depends depending on which option you choose 24 or 3648 or 60 months depends on that ratio of rent versus the the portion of your payment that goes towards rent and towards actual purchasing the building. Okay, I don't know, does that answer any questions at all of what the customer was asking? Or not financing in on rent to own the building is the collateral. So if he chooses to end paying the building simply gets picked up and there's no more obligations from him, etc. Because he's literally renting the building month after month and it's still the rent owned companies building until the final payment has been at the point of making a final payment it becomes property. Otherwise it is simply so that's the way rent to own works. That okay, maybe there may be still questions that are ringing in your head.

Speaker 1  28:57
Yeah, just the question regarding like if he paid $1,000 Down with that go towards just the overall price or his purchase or some to rent some to his purchase.

Speaker 2  29:10
If he paid he can pay any additional amount down upon the original ending of the contract and that will go directly towards lowering or towards principal and lower his payment. However, through the contract, he won't be able to pay any additional funds that goes directly towards the principal, only the monthly payment if he pays more than the monthly payment, the additional money will just go towards future payments and be split up between you know rent and endorse principle like normal. So what we know he can do early pay off at any given time with no penalties or fees to do that. So So, what we suggest customers to do is if there is extra money flowing in throughout the contract, put it in a savings account and wait till the the amount is large enough to do a payoff and then pay it off Mac maximizing there. But you are, you are correct. So they can put any amount, any large amount down upfront and it directly goes towards the principal bring.

Speaker 1  30:27
Okay, make sense. So if I'm understanding correctly, say he puts $1,000 Down in the month, he wants to put like another $4,000 towards that he can't, he should just like save the money until he wants to do a full payoff.

Speaker 2  30:42
That's right throughout the contract, yes, if he pays more than then the the monthly payment, he will just be paying the next month payments for January and he just gets paid twice, he will have paid for January and February. And it will be split up in the same manner as normal have or whatever percentage be rent, the other percentage be.

Unknown Speaker  31:05
Okay, they can do

Speaker 2  31:07
that. But we just suggest for the most efficiencies waiting until payoff saving the money.

Unknown Speaker  31:13
Okay, that makes sense. Thanks for explaining that.

Speaker 2  31:17
The other little point there on rental and that might be interesting, the average payoff across the board, in rent owned industry is about 22 months is the average where people always pay it off. So it's across the board. You know, if you think about that, that includes 2436 48 and 60 month contract. Generally, that's the point when people pay it off. So very rarely do people take their contract all the way to the end and pay that at full amount. So the full amount that you see if you will pay on the contract, if you do see it listed out is only if they pay it over the minimum payment all the way through the end. And it very rarely happens. 22 months is the average. And there's a lot of people that do less so if they pay it off, the quicker you pay it off, the less you know, rent you actually pay. So

Unknown Speaker  32:12
Right. Okay. Makes sense. Thanks, Michael. Yep.

Speaker 2  32:22
Well, good. appreciate these updates. This is great. Sounds like we got several really good fish to be fishing for today. Yeah. Appreciate everything you've been doing. And I need to see what today holds.

Speaker 3  32:36
Let's get another one of those one email.

Speaker 2  32:44
Maybe we need to document that name and look more people or more people with that name. Maybe that's

Unknown Speaker  32:52
maybe that's the secret sauce right there.

Speaker 1  32:56
I have a question I just want you all feedback on if it will make sense to go through my pipeline and build out like a sample code for everybody. And just email it to them? Well, mainly the people that I haven't been able to reach. I know it might be a lengthy process, but it'll be worth it maybe to see some

Speaker 3  33:18
non qualified folks that you haven't, they've just struggled to call or talk with them. Yeah, I've begun doing that myself as well, Tory, I haven't tried to knock it all out in one day. But I've been selectively taking, you know, 10 people a day and making sure I get some type of sample in their email. I have not. I have seen a few folks email back. So it might be beneficial. One of the things to keep in mind and remember it a sales pipeline is like a funnel, there's always going to be a broader number of people that are never going to answer you. They're just chopping around or they're not paying attention, that there's going to be the medium subset of folks that are, you know, at least in volume, medium volume, where they're going to have more responsiveness more questions, but they may or may not purchase. And then obviously the gold funnel is the small volume. So I would just say strategize your effort in if you're reaching out to everyone in the high volume Arena in a way that doesn't, you know, pull you away from the most important calls or conversations you have to have for the day. All

Speaker 1  34:40
right. I appreciate that. Of course. I think that's a good idea to do maybe like a handful here and there. A handful today.

Speaker 3  34:50
Important. And then if you're documenting it and assist and you see that it's less when I least try to pay attention to is by setting the sample quotes Is it eliciting more interested customers? Is it please move down that funnel faster? Versus if you know it was just another voicemail or another quick, you know, hey here to help you. So, maybe in chunks of record Yeah. Yeah sounds good. Well, good.

Speaker 2  35:28
appreciate everybody jumping in the cow. Yeah, for sure back input. I think we've got something good going and look forward to seeing what happens today.

Unknown Speaker  35:36
All right. Talk to you. Thanks

Unknown Speaker  35:37
for hosting Mary. No problem. Bye, guys.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai