Unknown Speaker  00:38
But hey Mark Hey guys Josh Can you hear us a little bit

Unknown Speaker  01:10
there we go

Matthias Miller  01:12
Hey there we go

Unknown Speaker  01:20
right

Unknown Speaker  01:34
got

Unknown Speaker  01:36
Mark how are you? Good

Unknown Speaker  01:44
your throat feeling better by now? Yeah

Speaker 1  01:46
it's a lot better Dwayne says he is trying to join but Zoom is broken and he is trying to fix it

Speaker 2  01:59
I'm guessing it was hacked then it will listen in on how to do refunds right off

Unknown Speaker  02:12
riveting I'm sure

Matthias Miller  02:17
Mark does your latest meeting agenda include the anything that you wanted us to see from the 10th and the 13th for credits and refunds

Unknown Speaker  02:34
Yeah, what do you mean that?

Matthias Miller  02:38
Do you want us to take a look?

Speaker 3  02:40
Oh, the previous lists I had sent out Yeah, no, the no disregard the earlier versions. We are looking at the most current copies now ever. While actually Blaine and I went through the refunds thing Tuesday and then on our Wednesday yesterday morning, Josh and I quickly went through refunds looked at credits briefly and through and I also looked at it so

Speaker 3  03:25
well, I think I think we can go Should we wait for Dwayne to giant or should we go ahead and get started

Matthias Miller  03:34
I think you're better than I do. Here we go

Speaker 3  03:47
so I guess before we it just a few basics before we get started here like the the goal is to get clarity on what we need and how we're going to move forward anyway

Speaker 3  04:12
but as far as at some point I we need to decide who does like who's responsible for what portion of of this development is that we just figure that out as we as we go or how do you have a clearer picture in mind with that as are forgot. On that already?

Speaker 1  04:42
I don't coming in I expect that once we get through it. Well a better picture of who should do what and we can certainly negotiate as we go.

Speaker 3  04:52
Okay, so go through figure out what we need and then at the end, figure out who does what good by when?

Unknown Speaker  05:06
Sounds good.

Speaker 3  05:06
Okay. So then let's start with what the credits one since I think that one is the easiest, or most straightforward.

Unknown Speaker  05:21
And it's also the one that is that we need most urgently so. So we just have one page on the on the credits. But if we look at that,

Speaker 3  05:34
the top section top left, we have credit for defective product, how to hypothetical there. And then the bottom section bottom left, we have credit for double payment or overpayment that's just a gut feeling tells me we have that situation happening quite a bit more often than we have a credit for defective product. But so I'm just gonna go through the steps, top right, four steps for AP and Drew and applying credit. So typically, the first step is you receive a credit from the vendor, the vendor, whatever the situation, the vendor sends AP a credit memo and says, you know, apply this credit, you can apply this credit in the future. And then the challenge, nothing changes there, obviously, but the challenge is then how we manage that. And we need to make sure we have better tools for properly handling that. So the to the next step should be where AP creates a credit memo linking to the correct purchase order or orders. I think the credit memo should have the same layout and fields as our current vendor invoice, but should be, you know, obviously be different from a vendor invoice so as not to confuse the two forms, maybe different colors, different different background colors or something that's that you can plainly see that this is so you don't confuse the two when you're working in AP. And then you would

Speaker 3  07:34
I don't know Drew, is it helpful just to explain how we're using that? How we're handling credit memos. Today minutes does that? Yeah,

Speaker 2  07:42
probably okay. So we got two different kinds of credits coming back from vendors. One set of vendors is prepaid to credit card, like they just charge a credit card. And then if if something is refunded, or whatever, it just, they just put it back on the credit card. No common vendors will give you credit that you would use to pay a bill later. So that's why this select payment method paid back to is here, it's a little bit of a brainchild of ours probably are trying to put two things in the one that if if they did not pay the credit back to us, then it would just default to you know, selection that they did not pay back and it would just go on accounts payable. If they did pay it back, they would select it as went back on the secondary credit card American Express who went back on primary credit card with Capital One, you know, just those payment types, and then instead of hitting a P would hit that credit card on that side. So that's kind of what that select payment method is just instead of hitting AP it hits a payment method.

Speaker 3  09:05
And we actually didn't we didn't show that example of how that how the transactions would look in that case but it would be AP would be replaced with whatever credit card account or whatever could be bank account whatever payment method, account or use

Speaker 3  09:32
but right now what we're doing is we're just creating, basically creating when we get a credit memo we're creating a negative vendor invoice which has its limitations because it all works fine if it's if the amount is small and then you know two weeks later when Drew pays some other invoices here. So if you have a $500 credit and you have an $800 invoice to be paid, he just pays both the 800 and the negative 500. cuts a check for three 100 It just kind of works.

Speaker 2  10:03
But yeah, and then totals and reconcile are often as well, because it looks like a deposit in the reconcile, like that, oh, that credit looks like a deposit on the checking side. So,

Speaker 3  10:17
so workable but not not great, which is why we're here. So we go back to step two, their select payment method paid back, Joe, I think that was, has been covered in the, under the blue header there. There's just notes on on that, but I think that's mostly been covered, we're just saying all of a company's payment methods would be available here. Plus has not been paid back to vendor. And the default would always be has not been paid back to a vendor

Unknown Speaker  10:55
that shouldn't be paid back to the company or the vendor that's paying

Speaker 3  11:10
the next step up into credit memo can be applied to multiple purchase orders. Now I don't know. Okay, right. Now we can invoices can be applied. Yeah, one invoice multiple purchase orders, right. So that would be no different. Right? credit memo, automatic lowers POS subtotals produce great skew lock price. This is one area that that doesn't work very well without credit memo. Without proper handling of credits. So yeah, we, we can make it work, but it's not. So let's say we we receive five items. We have an order for 10 items, we only receive eight. But the invoice is for 10. And then later we catch it and say Oh, this, we probably catch it on something like the PIO pricing discrepancies where we see well, this, we're paying way too much in comparison to last time for these items. And then we want to lower that with that credit. Which would lower the POS up toed shoes for excu. Like raise your credit.

Speaker 1  12:39
So you say you went the credit to lower the skillet price of the original SKU lot. Is that right?

Speaker 2  12:49
Basically, it would be I mean, it could be written in as another line, possibly, but it brings the subtotal down so that your price per corrects itself.

Speaker 1  13:03
Right. And specifically, it's correcting the original SKU law, not the SKU lot when you buy the second lot of items. Right.

Matthias Miller  13:09
Right.

Speaker 2  13:11
Okay. Fair, because all we're doing with the second lot of items is we're just paying the bill, like we're not we're not messing with the PIO on the second slot.

Matthias Miller  13:23
So and is this only adjusting the SKU let price or is also making inventory adjustment, that we're finding out now that there were two different we said we received 10, but we actually just received eight, so we're getting credit for two.

Speaker 3  13:40
So that would be adjusted on the purchase, just manually adjust. But

Speaker 1  13:47
so it sounds like the scenario is you, let's say you buy 10, you actually get five, you don't realize it. So you pay for 10. Later on in the process, you see, wait a minute, we only got five, so you go back and adjust the purchase order. And two problems. Now. One, it's looks like those five items were twice as expensive as it should have been. And so now when you go to pay them, you get a credit and you went the credit to go back through retroactively change those items to say, well, they weren't actually as expensive as we thought, because the price that we paid for those 10 Got us five items, the price we paid for those five guys to five items, and got us a credit and to take the credit off of the price. Is that basically yeah.

Unknown Speaker  14:28
Yeah, that's it. Yeah. It

Unknown Speaker  14:30
is. But then the scenario you you brought up yesterday morning was okay, can you can you? I think it's worth Can you explain that scenario again?

Speaker 1  14:44
Well, I wasn't sure what you were wanting, I thought you were wanting us to reduce the price of the new SKU lot, which would be wrong, because those items really did cost whatever we paid for them. The fact that we we use a credit and actually paid less money out Is not that relevant, we shouldn't be affecting that, like the second time you buy another five items, and you get a credit and they come for free, it's not that those items are actually free. They're the same price as the original five. It's just that you got to credit. And so I thought you were saying we should make the second group of items free, should not be be correct. So I like to design here, I think this is right.

Speaker 3  15:25
So we have a situation with ship time currently where we have, like a $20,000 credit because of a bunch of bad doors.

Unknown Speaker  15:38
So how would we handle that? You know, how would that be handled? Ideally? Okay, right. We were asking them to just send us the money back. Because

Speaker 3  15:59
while it's a large amount, and we have no good way to handle a currently because it would, but once this is in place, how would we handle that? So let's say half of those doors were bad, we would need to go back in lower that receive quantity apply that credit? Just just like describe, I believe, I mean, that would take care of this, the doors, but then how would we? So so we assuming they do not send the money back, we still have the next $20,000 worth of items we purchase. We have no we don't have to pay for like how do we then apply? Say the first order we buy 10 windows at $50? apiece? How do we

Speaker 1  17:04
pay for. So the way that I think about it is the so you get the first load of of doors, half of them are bad, you get a credit, you take the credit and connect it to the original purchase order. Kind of too much for exactly how we connected but eventually the purchaser needs to get it and we need to correct the SKU lot and say we only got half the doors that we thought it's it's I think the defective product is the same as they didn't send us the product. Either way, we only got half as many functional doors as we thought. So we take that and then the second time we get doors we get order another $20,000 with the doors that that purchase order that vendor invoice. It knows nothing about the credit. As far as it's concerned, we're spending $20,000 for these doors that cost $20,000. And it goes through the SKU lot gets credited with that costing and then we actually go to pay, we say oh, hey, look, we've got this credit here, let's use that. So we're not actually going to pay you anything, but the SKU lot. It doesn't care about that. As far as it's concerned. We we really didn't have $20,000 worth of money that we we spent on these things and the fact that it was a credit instead of a check is is irrelevant as far as skillup price.

Speaker 3  18:30
And where is that even recorded then like that we're paying with a credit is that recorded on the vendor invoice that second vendor invoice or is it on the purchase order?

Speaker 1  18:45
I would expect it's on the vendor invoice. But here's where I want to look at Matthias

Speaker 2  18:52
how do we handle thinking so on the vendor invoice but along with that we need to make that we can do multiple payments on the vendor envelopes.

Speaker 3  19:01
So if we flip back to the first purchase order with the defective doors, so we paid for that originally or say with a check for $40,000 and then later we get the credit for 20,000 Is that credit applied to that vendor invoice on that first one or is it on the

Unknown Speaker  19:28
purchase order?

Matthias Miller  19:31
So it seems to me like there's what we're doing is previously you said you have a vendor invoice and the invoice total. The original invoice total is this in the amount of flour applied to the product is the same thing as the amount paid is usually basically the same thing. And what we're saying is we want to need to split these into three three pieces. You have the on a vendor invoice, you have the here's what we were originally charged. And then here is the delta b because they overcharged us reducing the effective price coming from another credit memo. And so this is now the second total that gets applied to these products. And then the third of all is, here's the list of payments, credit memos, payments, whatever they use to get this credit, this invoice paid down. So when you create a credit memo, you're saying, ultimately, what ends up happening is it needs to point in two directions, direction number one gesture agreement wrong, I don't think it actually needs to tie out to the purchase order, I think it can tie out to the original vendor invoice, it adjusts the vendor invoice, the effective vendor invoice total that we use to calculate the price for all the, for all this the for everything. And and then you'd have to match up for non Pio expenses, you'd have to match it GL accounts to make sure that you credit that credit matches, which would be which would effectively adjust? Well, yeah. And then yeah. Go ahead.

Speaker 1  21:09
Yeah, you're right. You're absolutely right. So I was wrong. So the vendor is the first vendor invoice effectively, you get it? And you're saying, Well, I'm, I spent $40,000 Here, when I bought was $20,000 with the doors, and I bought $20,000 worth of credit. That's what I'm thinking to think about it. And so the purchase order, it's only thinking about $20,000 worth of doors, we thought it was gonna be 40,000. And we go back later and change it, it was only 20,000. When we got half as much as we thought and then the vendor invoice. We did a binary about credit. Okay, fine. So now we've got this credit sitting around. And I don't what I'm curious what you think about this, I'm wondering, do you actually want a separate record for the credit? Or do you just you just say that the vendor invoice creates a credit, and we keep looking back to it? I don't I don't know.

Matthias Miller  22:02
The EP process is going to AP is going to naturally want to create another record, because a credit memo is a thing. And I think perhaps what you say is, instead of selecting from a drop list of Word, you somehow have a way to select a vendor invoice that you're crediting towards, at least from a user workflow standpoint, I haven't I haven't considered it we could adapt it somehow to make it. I'm not sure. That

Speaker 2  22:34
was kind of my thought was makes that it seems to a B as they're entering to function similarly. So it's not like a total new process to to integrate. One thing about dying to the vendor invoice, though, instead of a Pio is if there are three POS and only one of them. Like there's three POS on the invoice and it was the doors, not the windows that were that were needing to change the price on or adjust reflect that. That price adjustment, we need some way to specify which one is supposed to be?

Speaker 1  23:20
Well, again, correct me here because I'm going into accounting stuff, but it seems to me like the the credit memo is, is is just a thing. I mean, like if I think about it as this little piece of paper, that stock certificate or something sitting on my desk that I own now, it doesn't really, it's just a thing that I now have. And so I don't know that it needs anything really on it other than an amount and who it's from. And then the vendor invoice, connects to it and has note saying, you know, we paid for these invoices. And we also got a credit. It's credit memo over here, that credit memo has will probably a memo that says, you know, you, you know, this is why so we know what was going on. But it's just, it's just like money sitting there.

Matthias Miller  24:11
Two questions, my understanding drew to your question is, if you have what should be a $20,000 invoice, and you pay $40,000, and you've got windows and doors, the doors will be wildly more expensive, and the windows will also be a little bit more expensive than what they would originally I have been, I believe we distribute. When you have, we take the we take what we expect the cost of each individual item to be and then we take the overage and we distribute it proportionately to that. And so to your to your question, no, we don't need to know which keynotes for because we'll reduce the grand total that we're redistributing. And when we do that, then Windows. Windows will go down to what they need to be automatically and doors will do the same thing. I do have a Follow up question though. Do you ever get credit memos for multiple vendor invoices? Is that a thing?

Speaker 3  25:13
You're saying one credit memo that covers three invoices, correct?

Speaker 2  25:19
It could be, that would be rare. And in that case, they would probably list all three as were so much for this invoice so much for this one that they might have to just make separate credit memos. You know, if it's 20,000 on invoice a 10,000 for invoice B, they just have to make two credit. So it can be like, it would look like a statement in that case, you know, that lists multiple invoices to pay, it almost be more of a statement of balance account, and it would be a credit.

Matthias Miller  25:56
So here's here's an idea. I think one of the ways we could Joshy might be well, okay, but the vendor invoice could have multiple credit memos applied to it or no? Yeah, yes. Yeah. So Josh, one idea is if we actually store it on the vendor invoice as a, you bought a stock certificate, but when they go to enter, we'd have a process whereby they would put in the vendor and put in a series of vendor invoice numbers, and then we pop up a report. And they just go down the report and fill these in. And Josh would use something like new records spreadsheet or something to make it feel intuitive for AP to enter these in, but then it would get stored on the on the vendor invoice itself.

Speaker 1  26:51
And then So didn't you go in? So not have a separate credit memo?

Matthias Miller  26:56
Well, I don't know. When you're seeing a separate credit memo, would you have a completely different record type?

Speaker 1  27:04
That I was thinking it would be this would be a vendor invoice under the hood, but we'll just have visibility to hide a bunch of stuff, but I don't know. Okay. Maybe

Matthias Miller  27:21
that was probably most closely a model of reality.

Speaker 1  27:27
I mean, were you starting to explore the no separate record, but just put it on this vendor invoice? Right. I mean, I think it's, it's certainly intriguing

Speaker 1  27:47
I mean, you can have like a child screen or something you go into, that's like, the credit memo.

Matthias Miller  27:57
What I don't like is it's not actually a reflection in real life.

Speaker 2  28:02
Now, here's another thing, sometimes you'll get credit memos that don't necessarily specify a particular invoice therefore, you know, so it's more of a credit memo for that vendor. ticular.

Matthias Miller  28:17
But what inspired it, I mean, there would still have to be a vendor invoice that

Speaker 2  28:24
yes, like a wage can be from overpaying, you know, one person paid with a credit card and next I didn't realize it sends a check or you know, we have that sort of thing,

Matthias Miller  28:38
too. So in this case, in that case, so we also need to track anytime. So when you underpaid or overpaid a credit or a vendor invoice that should adjust your your vendor balance and then in this case you go in and if we if we support multiple payments, you would go in and add a second payment which would give you well now that wouldn't automatically adjust your balance you'd still be waiting for them to issue a credit memo for you to use that credit for

Speaker 2  29:14
Well, I mean if you could do a multiple if you can do multiple payments on an invoice so so we paid same invoice twice. We put two payments on that right like that should lower that vendors Accounts Payable account.

Speaker 3  29:34
We would also use it I think for like Lowe's where where it's all prepaid but we go to a Lowe's store and they charge tax and then you say no, no sales tax on this and then they they run the card. Sometimes they'll credit the full amount bag and then run the card again for the so And then they'll run it for $100 and $107 for the $7 worth of tax, and then the credit all of that back and then run it again for $100. So if Britain to them wrong, do that, I think the idea would be if we have that one invoice to pay, we would have 207 $107 credit, and then the $100 payment, like all three of those payments linked to that the balance of that would equal $100. We would keep everything clean for reconciling and would give us the correct price.

Speaker 2  30:39
Yeah, yes. Sometimes we don't really know, they do. They did a really bad job of saying what they are crediting back for. So unless the numbers line up, we we often don't know. You know, if they only if they only do it once every three weeks, it's not too hard to do more than that. Like they usually don't list it. Yeah, I don't know. In that case, it'd be nice to just be able to create a credit memo just in general for that vendor.

Speaker 1  31:21
And then what would you tie it to a vendor invoice or it would just kind of be floating there?

Speaker 2  31:28
In that particular case, I'm pretty sure there would be it would simplify if you would not have to tie it to a particular vendor invoice. And it could just be just a negative accounts payable for that vendor.

Matthias Miller  31:49
Okay, let's regularly disagree payment. When was it? Is that right? In this case? I'm sorry. Is this is this basically just a prepayment in this case? Yeah. Leader?

Speaker 2  32:09
Yeah, it would, it would 90% of it would be in prepayment situations? Well, I mean, they all would be, it just wouldn't, it would all be prepayment, but it would not all be credit card necessarily. I mean, that's essentially what a what an overpayment is it's just it's pre payment, and you purchase credit. So

Matthias Miller  32:36
so that Okay, so here's the way to think about credit memos. Credit memos are, are an attempt to reconcile two things, either the value of the product on a vendor invoice, or the amount paid on the vendor invoice, it's trying to get those to balance. And so sometimes we need to lower the value of the product, to get them to balance, sometimes we need to lower the payment amount to get them to balance and that's fundamentally the two different types that you've got here. And four, it can also be a third thing, which is there is no invoice to reconcile. It's just a prepayment money sitting there waiting to be used, that we just decided to go out and buy. You know?

Speaker 2  33:27
Well, yeah, like, in the case of lowering the amount of the product, you know, there we have an expense account and accounts payable that are being used in the prepayment, they issued credit goes back on the credit card we have we're then changing that payment account not accounts payable. So in a sense, like they no longer owe us anything, because they've given us the money

Matthias Miller  34:09
right. So a credit memo can also be

Speaker 2  34:17
I mean, technically, that's not even a credit. It just does the receipt of return money. Right. But we were we were thinking if we can put them together so that for AP function, they function similarly though, I don't know, maybe maybe makes it worse. I don't know. But I think we could do it on the backside to make so it looks the same.

Speaker 3  34:50
So the difference on a prepaid, like, if they give us money back on our card, that's they're they're issuing a refund in that case and not a credit So they're giving us the money back, we just need a way to record it. And then that's the end of the end of the, there's nothing more to do with that. If it's a credit, or they just say, you can use this spread on to future purchases, future invoices against future invoices, that's then obviously, then later you have to, to use that to lower the price of future invoices.

Speaker 3  35:35
So is the mean, it's a question should should we think about? Can we handle those? Through this credit memo process? Can we handle both of them through this? Or should we try and separate them?

Matthias Miller  35:51
Probably trash.

Unknown Speaker  35:56
Sorry, I was I was kind of going back to the data model. To go ahead with those.

Matthias Miller  36:11
I mean, I mean, where do you want to go in the data model?

Speaker 1  36:17
Well, sorry, I'm just thinking, okay, so if they do issue them a vendor invoice and they ought to be a separate record. And then the vendor invoice now just says, Hey, I can just like I could, this vendor invoice I'm buying a purchase order stuff, it can also be buying a credit memo. And it's probably a new, a new orgy of, of credit memos that came out of this. If it's RGB or singular, but, but it's there. And then we also need an RG of payments. So you can record double payments. And then you record resulting resulting credit memos, is that

Matthias Miller  37:09
I wonder if we went, I wonder if we went to er, G's for credit memos that you can you can have, you could have a you would have one that adjusts one for the we overpaid for product. One, one that needs to adjust the vendor invoice total, effectively. And also allow credit memos to be inserted input into the payments are G and C, we're using this credit memo to pay for this. Sure.

Speaker 3  37:54
Similarities to to how this will function with your What are you linked trade? A great purchase order where you buy two by fours. And then we also pick up the two by fours. So we pay to the trucking company and we pay the mill the two by fours and then link those two together. Is there. Is it worth? I don't know. Is there any value in in you showing? This is how that works? Or maybe sighs maybe? Is there? Does it not apply here?

Speaker 1  38:37
So I mean, what we're what we're doing here with as soon as you issue like you have a Pio for the product and have separate Pio for freight. And so we're, we link the freight Pio to the original PIO, which then influences the effects of the SKU law price of that because that's that was part of getting acquiring that product and so it needs to come in. So here if you like it, fundamentally credits either in the payments or G or the second or G like this is to hold it this is to reconcile the difference between what product we actually like mismatches between payments and what was actually owed. Fundamentally, it's, it's entirely an accounting construct, and has no impact on SKU lot. Pricing, like like the inventory, inventory management piece. I was thinking we have to it's gonna go influence that but I don't think it does. I think anytime we like with defective products, or we took as much as we thought we just go fix up the PIO, which then introduces accounting trouble because now we we paid less or more than we thought we should have. And so the credit memo is a way to resolve that difference. Hmm. One question was, like on the credit memo, it seems clear to me that if like on one side, it affects accounts payable. But what is the other side of the debit and credit?

Matthias Miller  40:20
Well, it's either it's either they gave us a check, in which case it hits bank, the bank or credit card, or? No, it's not.

Speaker 3  40:35
Well, if I could jump in here, Josh, I think you're, you said the one site hits accounts payable, it does. If it's just a promise or a, like a credit, here's a credit you can use in the future, it hits the bank or credit card account, if they use you, if they give us a check, or a pay back to the credit card. And then the other side should always be the expense account. Like if typically, it's raw materials, if it's if it's eating the raw materials expense account, then that's what will be what the other side of the transaction? If it's, you know, for utilities, or what have you, it should always the other side should always match. Whatever invoice we're trying to. Yeah, it should now that could get a little dicey, like invoices are commonly split out to multiple GL accounts, then which, you know, are they all? Like, if it's, if it's to say that you have some raw materials, and you have some equations applies? Like, does it affect? Both of those equally? Didn't think about that?

Speaker 1  41:57
Okay, so what? Okay, okay, so let me think about this. So if it's the payments are G, it acts just like a normal payment. So it increases your amount of accounts of your raw materials, decreases your amounts, your amount payable, that you're liable for, if it's in the other RG it is decreasing your raw materials, because even though you paid $1,000, you only are increasing the raw materials 500 There's a $500 difference, and then it also decreases. So on the other side, it's, it's again, accounts payable, right?

Speaker 2  42:41
Yes, we have it on the that sheet with those steps on the left, top left. So you buy something, you pay that invoice, it's $500. Next year, accounts payable and checking, and then you receive the credit, when you receive the credit and adjust your accounts payable and your raw materials, then you make another purchase. So Accounts Payable was 125. Negative, you make another purchase for 12 150. When you respect when you receive the credit memo and adjusted your raw materials, your next purchase when you're going to pay for that new invoice. You don't affect raw materials anymore, you just AP is not lower. So you pay for that invoice with the credit memo like you were saying, and then you pay less than checking. So that only affects AP and checking there.

Matthias Miller  43:48
So, Josh, I think the credit memo has to specify needs to have two things. One is what is the what is the PIO amount that's being adjusted? Well, in the case of a something that is we are fixing we overpaid for product case, you need to say we overpaid for POS by this much. And then if we pay overpay for non POS we need to have an RG of you know, and so and so think of it in two like I mean the opposites are in two different forms. One is if you ever overpay for product, that just expenses and accounts payable, and then if there's a payment or if we get money back that adjusts a cash credit card and accounts payable and you can have one or the other both on a credit so they kind of

Speaker 1  44:44
one of the questions I had is does does this credit memo as a record itself affect accounting or does it only affect accounting in as it's tied to a vendor invoice, if that makes sense?

Matthias Miller  44:55
Well, that's that's a quick it can if you receive payment I can One question I also have about the impact on accounting is it would simplify our lives. If, okay, if you get an invoice on the first and you wait you the vital structures door problem. It would make our lives a lot simpler if after you issued a credit memo, we could go back and just say, No, it's not that bad. We can handle it either way. I think Josh but I think ends up happening is a vendor invoice you determine accounting impact saying either use the original total well saying use use the original. But what if you have multiple vendor invoices applied to multiple credit that was applied to that vendor invoice. Or, or using any series of vendor invoices applied and the vendor invoice, we need to know the sequence in which vendor invoices are applied to basically say, look at the accounting impact for the original vendor invoice. And then we could tell it which credit memos to include when generating the kind of impact. So for the for the first credit memo, we say, what is the accounting impact, including up through me and create a delta? And then for the second credit memo, we would say, what's the cutting impact for the first two? And then including me, and what's the Delta, and we can share that kind of impact logic, but create Delta accounting transactions for the credit memo, as we as we go along, maybe it's complicated.

Speaker 1  46:51
It just seems a lot simpler to me if we always consider the impact in the context of the vendor invoice, because we already there know what we're paying and what we're not paying, and what the accounts are. So it just becomes like a check or just becomes like a two by four, depending on whether you know which direction it's going.

Matthias Miller  47:16
I mean, does it does it does? I mean, are you saying you agree with my approach? Or you're saying

Speaker 1  47:24
maybe I just don't understand your approach. I thought I was proposing alternate, but if that's what you were saying. So

Matthias Miller  47:30
you're suggesting that I think the vendor invoice would always be responsible for Okay, let's let's start with a fundamental assumption mark and Drew, when you overpay for product, am I right, that you weren't a correction at the point that you realize the overpayment?

Speaker 3  47:53
Yeah, we don't want to go back to the day, like if it's a month later, we want to report it a month later. And I think so, just a quick answer to I mean, I think anytime there's anything with credit memos, they all have accounting have an accounting impact. But keep keep going.

Speaker 2  48:13
Sure, like that accounting impact would be on the on the invoice that it came for, because something was overpaid or whatever. And then the the other accounting impact would be when we use that credit memo to pay for a new invoice down the road. Those would be the two points at which they would have accounting.

Unknown Speaker  48:36
Oh, yeah.

Matthias Miller  48:39
Just you want to walk me through what needs to be your proposal one more time.

Speaker 1  48:44
Okay, so you you realize you've overpaid for vendor invoice, right? And so what you're gonna have to do is you have to go back to the vendor invoice and say, okay, it is it is actually a it was a we thought it was a that's it's the total is $1,000 repeat it twice. So it's actually a $2,000 vendor invoice, we record two payments in the RG and we additionally add a credit in the this new RG and it all zeroes out and the credit. The credit memos impact is handled in the context of this vendor invoice and then when we go use the credit later, it's again within the second one, we will you know, it's now a part of a payment. And so we consider the impact there along with the other payment

Matthias Miller  49:43
I mean, to me it feels slightly like semantics, but I think it makes

Unknown Speaker  49:57
these talking about if you

Matthias Miller  49:59
will Except, okay, when you're adjusting product price, you can have the vendor invoice have two events. One is the initial purchase event. Well, and events, what is the initial purchase event and then a subsequent event for each credit memo that was used to adjust the invoice total. If you are using a credit memo, as an app application to a payment, the vendor invoice can handle it the one case where it can't handle it, is if it's not tied to a vendor invoice, any credit memo that's just a standalone, we went and bought credit would have to have an accounting impact.

Speaker 1  50:40
Yeah, so what we would do there is I mean, it seems to me like if we actually like that is actually tied to something right, we either there was some miss payment or something or to check the only time when, like it, where it's truly, truly free floating is when the vendor says, Hey, you're such a good customer here. I'm gonna give you $100 For free store credit, Merry Christmas.

Matthias Miller  51:12
In the Lowe's situation we have we have a credit memo that results in a transfer of cash before it's tied to a before it's tied to a credit. It's the Hey, Josh, if I write you a $20,000, check for doors right now, and I'm going to order it over the next three months. Will you give me 5% off my doors? Well, that's a cash transaction. It has to show up in accounting. But it can't be tied to a credit memo until it can be tied to a vendor invoice. Am I understanding this scenario, at least approximately correctly?

Speaker 1  51:52
So, so what I mean, again, I don't know how much to push on this. But I think what you would do is you'd have a vendor invoice that records No, no purchase orders and no peel expenses. It just has literally a credit memo and the RG and the payment. Yeah. Okay, so, again, I don't know how hard to push on this. It's my argument for doing it is that in the normal case, it makes it easier, because the vendor invoice already knows about all of the accounts it's dealing with and whatever it keep makes it simpler to calculate accounting impact for that credit memo, but I don't feel strongly if you think it's easier to the way me?

Matthias Miller  52:35
I don't have a problem. I think I think it's I think your approach is conceptually simple. I think functionally, there's no there's not. Fortunately, I was planning to have the be querying the vendor invoice for all this information anyway. I think structurally, your approach makes a lot more sense and is less confusing for people to wrap their heads around and Droon I see you nodding I'm assuming that creating as a blank vendor invoice in this scenario, is an acceptable workaround to support Lowe's.

Speaker 2  53:08
Yeah, I'm not sure what else we could do. Because I mean, that's really what they're doing is they're they're just giving us money back. You know, and so we got, we got to record the cash side, the cash exchange, and we have to record them as getting it back to us. Yeah, so that so that we can, when we think about how much have we paid Lowe's, we can say, Okay, we overpaid over here on these five invoices somehow or another, but they sent us this money back. And so all in all Lowe's is on track. Because with that case, we're more looking at a vendor balance than we are individual invoices just because we it's just tying some of them out to particular invoice orders is next to impossible.

Speaker 3  54:22
I like it. Good. So I just made a note here, like we'll have to make so that we can record multiple payments on one invoice. Is that pretty straightforward to change that, you know, so that we can

Unknown Speaker  54:45
right now,

Unknown Speaker  54:46
I think it's straightforward conceptually.

Matthias Miller  54:48
I don't know where to practice.

Speaker 1  54:51
But we need to get into it. Let's do it. I mean, it's, it makes sense. Well,

Speaker 2  54:56
we need it for other functions as well. I mean, just shoot Sometimes there are just two payments made on a singular invoice, you know, one for the first half and the next for some more.

Matthias Miller  55:07
Sure. Seems reasonable. So I think we were

Speaker 3  55:19
I think we're ready for three in the top right section where we say available credits appear in column A vendor invoicing meeting payment. So right now, we were bothering district managers with these negative invoices on the accounts payable verification report, they're saying, when you pay this invoice, then use this credit to pay for it, we want to just keep life simple. And just by default, always going through goes to pay. It says, you know, you're paying Apple outdoor supply, and here's you have this much credit. And it by default, it applies it up to the invoice total. So if you have $1,000 invoice to pay, and you have $5,000 worth of credits, apply the full amount if you have if you have flip it around without five out no invoice to pay $1,000 worth of credit, then apply all your credit $1,000 and then pay, you know, make an easy way to pay the remainder remaining $4,000. credit amount to apply can be edited for special situations mean, I think we probably want that. But the default is always because that's what we do anyway. I mean, if you have a credit always applied to the next, you know use it as soon as possible. And then if the credit zeroes on an invoice, we will still want it to manually be marked paid by Drew, like have that manual step where when you're paying invoices, you look at it you say, Oh, we've got credit market paid this. So I don't know is there more to add to that

Speaker 2  57:05
it would show up as a vendor invoice needing payment. But after you would take that available credit off, the amount of pay is zero. So essentially, it's paid, but we want to mark it paid, you know, recognize that we're saying okay, make this one go away as paid.

Unknown Speaker  57:26
And currently paid happens when you pay by cheque pay by cheque whatever, just right. Rather than an automatic.

Speaker 2  57:36
I mean, I don't know I mean, I suppose if the vendor if it's normally saying Hey, pay by cheque, and it's zero, and you just select it with all the rest. If it's a zero, it just would not generate a check, but it would mark it as paid. And so I don't know if that's possible to do you know, or if it's normally a credit card or normally an ACH or whatever it would just, it would just not generate the payment, but it would mark it as paid if

Matthias Miller  58:08
I would make one slight caveat to the process. What I would love to see is at the top of the vendor invoices needing payment you would have here are the vendor invoices with available credit. And you would go through and hit Apply credit to those vendor invoices, which would then adjust the balance and if it's results in a $0 balance, I would assume at that point if you chose to play the full credit we could mark it as paid at that point. We could talk that through and then you go through a second way and say okay, now add another payment for checks.

Unknown Speaker  58:44
Yeah, that sounds good to me.

Speaker 3  58:49
Now when we okay if we go back to the example of five out low invoice No, if we have let's say we have $100 worth of credit and we have $100 invoice to pay and then another $300 invoice to pay so we pay the first one with credit and then we cut a check for the remaining one on that check stub do we want to reference that we used that credit do we need to reference that hey mr. vendor, we paid the first invoice with an existing credit and we paid for the second one with this check. Did you have again like does that is that information does a vendor need to know? You know we paid this invoice with credit. Probably so they don't

Speaker 2  59:51
reach out if you're paying. If you're paying part of an invoice. It was a $500 invoice you're only paying 300 bucks because you have $200 Credit that shouldn't be listed, I would say on the check stub. Now, if you totally paid for a whole invoice and you're not sending them a check at all. I mean, I suppose it would be courteous to let them know that we applied Dustin this credit to this invoice you know, that would probably be good. I don't know that it's necessarily. I mean, if they issued us the credit, they know that we have the credit, because they issued it to us. So they're gonna expect us to use it at some point.

Speaker 3  1:00:38
Alright, so what we're seeing is is, I mean, I think that sounds logical, if for invoices completely be completely paid by a credit. Don't send the vendor anything on that. If they have questions and say, Well, did you pay this, then AP will have visibility into it was paid by the credit who issued? SO and SO? Because you're you bring out a good point. Like if if we pay if we have a situation where we can we only have one invoice to pay we completely paid with a credit, then we won't sent them a blank check with a stop saying that. We paid for that with a

Unknown Speaker  1:01:23
taunting them.

Matthias Miller  1:01:25
Yeah, exactly. Well, the big second, like, I mean, you can still print, I guess you could actually print to $0, check what happens when you tried to deposit that, never tried it.

Speaker 3  1:01:39
I get this mental image of us sending it a check like that to Josh. And

Speaker 1  1:01:47
he's like that I would totally try to deposit and see what have happened.

Matthias Miller  1:01:52
You can make it a negative check in the amount of the credit.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:57
That's what I would have wanted to do. So far.

Speaker 3  1:02:04
We have a funny story that the guy that he's passed on now, but he was starting up a hardware store years ago, and it times were pretty tough. Money was real tight. So to be courteous, he said he paid for an invoice with a check, he intentionally did not sign his name thinking that, you know, it looks like a mistake. And the guy says, Hey, you didn't and buying him some time to get you know, enough cash. Well, the guy got the check deposit at the bank, it learned the bank and it didn't work like he was planning to

Matthias Miller  1:02:42
market but you're gonna tell the story that I think this comes from your area. But dad used to tell the story of a guy who was in similar, similar financial situation, that what he did is he said three accounts. And back in the days before they had like electronic notifications between banks, he'd start writing checks from one to the other, including phantom cash, in order to cashflow the business. The bank slightly got on what he was doing and said, hey, it's not illegal. Can you please stop?

Unknown Speaker  1:03:15
So how was he doing it? Like with?

Matthias Miller  1:03:19
He would, I don't know the full details. But he would, he would write a check from from Bank A to I think three banks Bank A to bank B. And which which would result in this balance being higher. And I don't know if Bank B immediately recognize the check because it was from a known bank and gave him the balance in both places. I don't know exactly how it worked. But effectively, he was able to game the system before the speed of electronic while they were waiting for them to physically mail checks around

Speaker 3  1:03:52
and have good, it'd be similar to some people playing the same game with multiple credit card accounts where they they can rack up. Like they don't need to pay them off until the end of the month so they can use one open up the new ones. Next month. Exactly.

Speaker 3  1:04:14
Good. So in three the last two points. I think we've covered that already. credit can be applied to multiple invoices multiple credits can be applied to one invoice that all doable or are we are we asking for something that makes it crazy hard to do? Like,

Speaker 1  1:04:37
I think that all fits with the data model that we were talking about? I think that's right.

Speaker 4  1:04:42
I have question. Yes. So are we back to the scenario of we pay a vendor invoice with a credit are we proposing to send nothing to the vendor letting them know that we did that?

Speaker 3  1:05:00
Only if the invoice is paid is completely paid by the credit. But the the reality is most times we'll have a partial payment. Probably what's more often going to happen is we have three invoices, and the first of three is partially paid by a credit memo. At that point, we would say, here's the check, we're paying for these three invoices. And would it also list that we paid for the first 300? On invoice one with this credit?

Speaker 2  1:05:45
But Duane, you're asking about if it's invoices paid in full by a credit? Yeah.

Speaker 4  1:05:54
I my concern, my concern is anytime you you intend to do something without communicating to the second party is you run the risk of confusion and generating phone calls about stuff. And then a simple a simple piece of communication would would alleviate a whole lot of looking for what the situation actually happened.

Speaker 1  1:06:15
So would you just write them a letter and say, we're not paying this? Because?

Speaker 4  1:06:20
Well, I'm not sure. I'm not sure what we're doing now from a standpoint of like, when we send a check, do we send out like some kind of check stub that I would think that we would send some kind of communication something that says, you know, paid in full with credit. And that way, you know, everybody knows,

Speaker 2  1:06:39
there'll be an email address. But there's so many vendors who don't you know, it's almost we'd have to reflect whatever payment methods have in common, we send them checks, we'd have to mail them a note

Unknown Speaker  1:06:57
what are we doing today? Currently?

Speaker 2  1:07:01
Well currently, we're waiting until we have racked up enough invoices to actually use it and so we are we are always we never have any of that we pay off completely. They never come out exactly.

Speaker 3  1:07:15
Perfect. So we hope we never have an invoice to pay that one invoice to pay that's less than an existing credit or almost never is what you're saying. Well,

Speaker 2  1:07:25
I can't pay it. Yeah, I have to I can't use the credit in that case because there's just tech

Unknown Speaker  1:07:32
you just wait to pay it until you have the second invoice and now there's

Speaker 2  1:07:38
I mean yeah, I don't know how important it is to let them know like there's some that won't apply a credit to an invoice I forget what companies it was that we dealt with. There are some companies that they didn't apply it and it's a essentially when they well yeah, they I don't know most companies will just apply the credit to the oldest invoice and that upon you and if it doesn't line up with the ones you say here, they're all just concerned about that and balance. So it would be nice to be able to let them know just to avoid that confusion like Elaine says

Speaker 4  1:08:27
Do we have Do we have any situation have we had situations where vendor contacted AP and said hey which which invoice Are you applying this credit to? Have we had situations like that I feel like I've heard something about that

Speaker 2  1:08:41
yeah, I don't know. I mean, that could be they've never reached out to me on it. But

Speaker 1  1:08:46
it is possible a little theoretical academic like if if I say you can check is for for half of the first one and all the second one and you say it's for half a second one all the first one is it doesn't matter

Speaker 4  1:09:06
if we all dealt with the CFOs it probably would be fun generally this stuff is handled but lower level people and then you know they don't always know where they should things should be applied to.

Speaker 2  1:09:14
Yeah and they send you an invoice that says this is only half paid but you've paid six invoices since though

Matthias Miller  1:09:23
balance and finance charges

Speaker 3  1:09:28
Well, is this or is this a nice to have that we should we shouldn't put it on our list but but move ahead with what we have. And then once we got this behind us based on feedback, see what what we should do on notifying vendors when when we apply credit.

Speaker 4  1:09:51
So in the case of where we are, let's say you're paying three invoices and and one of the partial one of them is paid with a credit, what are we saying to them now, like this check covers what?

Speaker 2  1:10:06
Well, we're just saying, what we're saying now is we're paying for this and for these inputs. So that's all we're saying now with the, with the amount of the particular for invoice. So what I'm suggesting when it's a partial is we would just add, you know, it's this invoice, but credit X dollars, you know, let's connect to that invoice. That's why our amount for that invoice is less than what they would show. So

Speaker 4  1:10:39
right now it looks like so right now it looks like we short paid something. And we're assuming that the individual on the other end says, Oh, you've also got a credit and Okay, those two lineups. So that means I mean, I would strongly suggest that we we add information to whatever we're doing just to limit the amount of confusion and grease the wheels of, of of payment process. Because I mean, it would seem like a very simple addition to to a check memo that's, you know, adds that information, especially if we've got a credit memo tied to it would would eliminate any, you know, communication? And

Speaker 3  1:11:19
we are I mean, we're, I think we should just take a quick look at a check, a check stub that pays for multiple invoices. And just just I mean, I think just make sure we're all on the same page on what, what we're proposing on partial payments. Are you getting on to?

Unknown Speaker  1:11:46
Like, then?

Matthias Miller  1:11:50
We Yeah, I also don't know. Yeah, we can. I also don't know that we have to dig into that. Now. I think as long as doing you're comfortable with the agreement that if we write a check, I guess I guess the question is, what happens if Drew applies payments between them, you'd want to list the credit memos that were used between now and the last time that you sent a check.

Speaker 4  1:12:16
But here's here's what I'm actually trying to speak to when I'm trying to speak to is that it just generates a check that may be partially paid. If we don't encapsulate credit information, that question comes back to my AP people in my office, and we expect them to go hunt this thing down. If we if we simply add additional information, we we we eliminate a whole bunch of of potential work.

Matthias Miller  1:12:46
So is it good enough to say that when you issue a check, you should include all credit memos that replied between the date of the prior check and the current check date? That you write a check on the first includes all credit memos up to the first then you another check on the 19th? Then you include credit memos from the second to the 19th. Sounds good.

Speaker 2  1:13:08
As long as that's explained what it is? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:13:11
I mean, we would it would be something like, you know, credits credit supply, or you know, something indicating credit supply. And I think, I don't think we have to work through the further details if this captures what Dwayne's after. And whenever we get around to paying them next, we communicate it to them that I think Drew, but this likely is going to land in my court because it's tied to the Cheque Printing, I think we can do to nail down the specific details of how that's going to be articulated that they actually understand what's going on.

Speaker 3  1:13:42
The only area we wouldn't be covering Blaine would be is if we apply a credit memo, and it's a long time, say two months, from when we apply the credit memo to the issue the next day, or the next payment, you know, it is AP would then have to be able to they could go to that invoice and see that was paid by credit. But we can just be Well,

Speaker 1  1:14:08
I mean, I do think that they don't matter we've got it makes it very clear when credits are being used. And so if Dwayne's office does get requests, they just have very clear data that helps them answer the questions.

Matthias Miller  1:14:24
I have a proposal, we could also bury the check template and have a Cheque Printing template and a credit memo template. And if you issue credit memos, we print off a credit memo template. They would give you all credit memos applied on a certain date. And because of the window formatting and everything, you could drop it into your window envelopes. You just put it on a plain piece of paper, fold it, send it off, and away you go.

Speaker 2  1:14:56
Well, I'm just thinking that might be nice. If there were just Yeah, you know, credit memos used or whatever list. I mean, if there's no check going along, you know, if it's a check, show it that we've reduced this invoice by this memo. That's why we're paying less on this check. But if there's no check, it would just be another piece of paper that we could print out in the Senate. I think that'd be simple.

Speaker 3  1:15:25
So that if you go to apply credits, use that function where you apply credits and you're paying something, some invoices entirely, us with that piece of paper. I think that's great. I mean, that that extra step of stuffing that envelope printing that piece of paper probably answers saints, saints more than it cause

Speaker 2  1:15:50
it's faster than AP going and showing that we use the credit for this

Unknown Speaker  1:15:56
was Dwayne smiling.

Speaker 4  1:16:00
No, I'm sorry that I was smiling about something else.

Matthias Miller  1:16:08
We just got done saying You weren't listening. We just got done saying we're not doing anything. We saw your smile as approval. We're gonna ignore your request and move on. Thanks to me.

Speaker 4  1:16:19
I might not be able to multitask. But my brain switches rather quickly due to my ADD. So I do. I do know a little bit about what was being said. I like it. Okay.

Speaker 3  1:16:33
Good. So far, we just got it to appear on vendor invoices, this first method of payment, I think we talked about that checks up to show details. Is there anything else on credit? We need to talk about.

Matthias Miller  1:16:52
Okay, just just to finally recap, Josh, you're thinking a separate record, for a credit memo. actually tying back to a vendor invoice, probably some kind of virtual orgy on the vendor invoice that shows how it's being impacted by the credit memo. Being able to use it, if it's an overpayment for product, and then a way to select Credit memos as a payment method. Is that good encapsulation?

Speaker 1  1:17:20
Yeah, so I have I have five things written on my whiteboard. I think the first three are me. And the last two, are you so we need a new credit memo record, we need to have an RG of credit memos on the vendor invoice, we need to have a payments RG in the vendor invoice that can now take credit memos. Then, so I think those all three are me. And then plus two are we actually did calculate accounting impact from that, which I could do, but you'll be faster at. And then we need the last thing we've been talking about, which is the UI for paying vendor invoices, and having that support credit memos. And I think that's squarely in your corner.

Matthias Miller  1:17:54
I'm happy with

Unknown Speaker  1:17:56
that generate.

Speaker 4  1:17:59
Back up about three steps in tell me how the credit memo was generated?

Speaker 1  1:18:05
I haven't got that far yet. I, I'm assuming there's it's on the vendor invoice when it goes over. And we see there's a mismatch we say, Did this result in a credit memo? And you click a button and it creates a memo and then ties it in here? Something like that. Like exactly what the the interface is like, I don't know, but maybe

Speaker 4  1:18:30
maybe a misunderstanding. So let me let me just spend a scenario. So we get a piece of paper in the mail that says, vendor ABC says, Oops, you have $100 credit, what do I do with it?

Speaker 1  1:18:41
We have to figure out why it happened. Was it because you overpay like because you double paid, we're going to have to go back to the vendor invoice and record the fact that we'd paid it twice. Like it was a second payment we didn't realize. And when you do that, you're going to end up with a vendor invoice with $100 difference. And we'll say, Did this result in a credit memo? And then you'll click this button and then now we know that it's $100. It's for this vendor on this on this date. Okay,

Speaker 4  1:19:07
maybe I don't spend enough time over in this in receiving these types of communications. But do they generally tell us what what this overpayment was in regards to dirty? No,

Speaker 2  1:19:21
no, they don't. Oh, isn't that like that approach works if you know about the invoice and it's overpayment, or it's like a product or whatever it needs. But that that approach means we have to start out at the invoice and recognize that it's overpaid or under purchased or whatever. We can't just create a general memo we need to be able to create just a general memo for that vendors. Accounts Payable because we don't always know One invoice that goes to, and there may not be a particular one it might.

Speaker 1  1:20:06
So I think like, they didn't just do it out of the kindness of their heart. So somewhere we overpaid. Right? So we need to figure out where we overpaid. And that made the worst case is we say, Okay, we just totally throw our hands in the air. And we, we go to create a new vendor invoice and just record it. You know, say it's Lowe's and we always pay the credit card, so we must have paid them $100 too much. So we record $100 payment, and then record $100 credit memo as part of that.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:33
Okay.

Speaker 3  1:20:39
Josh is proposing that we do a little more digging up front eliminate?

Speaker 2  1:20:46
Yeah. We need to have the ability to just say, here's a credit memo that goes on non PIO, raw materials, or something, you know, what hit that would do, I guess you'd create an invoice for a non Pio $100 to two raw materials, and then you would create a credit memo from there seems a little bit wonky? Well,

Speaker 1  1:21:16
it feels to me like you get done assembling your, your furniture from IKEA and you have three screws left over, you don't say oh, they gave me three free screws, well put them on the sides, like somewhere along the line. I didn't put screws in and now I'm in trouble. So the answer is not to just add screws, but to go back and figure out where things went wrong and fix it. Because if I don't, eventually I'll switch it back out of the notch eventually gonna have accounting trouble somewhere, or like somewhere I did not record. The payments did not match. Reality did not match up with what I have recorded because my books match. And now I've got this credit coming out of nowhere. So I gotta figure out where we're where my view of reality is wrong and fix it. If I just get a credit memo, it represents that reality that I've got credit, but it's not really representing reality that, like, somewhere I got overpaid. And I mean, am I missing something like, somehow the books got to match?

Speaker 4  1:22:08
Because it didn't know where a good vendor always sends extra screws. But okay, no, in seriousness in reality, I expect that we're going to run into a lot of situations where they send us a credit and tying it back, it would be like, you would expend a lot of time to figure out exactly what exactly what that was.

Speaker 1  1:22:35
Okay, so assume that we don't actually know what really happened. But how do you actually make the books match here? Like, what do I do with the fact that suddenly I owe loads? $100? Less than I thought, like,

Unknown Speaker  1:22:47
mean,

Speaker 1  1:22:48
are you distributing the fundamental premise that that means that somewhere I paid them $100 More than I thought I did?

Speaker 2  1:22:54
Right? Right. No, you're paying that you paid them $100 More than you needed to. But that original extra $100 makes within those invoices makes raw materials $100 higher than what we actually what it actually was, we paid an extra $100. Now when we have this general credit memo, we're applying it back to raw materials, saying that's now $100 lower than what, you know, we're now back to where we actually were in our expenses. But

Speaker 3  1:23:35
there are several gaps in that. And I see where you're going with this Josh is one is we hope we get the correct account. like we'll have to randomly pick an account try to get the same account that we were showing too much to get that to show lower. And if we've paid too much, somewhere for raw materials, then our inventory value is going to be off, which we're going to we're going to have electrical outlets that show way more expensive than they are and we're lagging a lot of those what we have a purchasing gets a report every morning that shows in comparison to what was like how did your How did the last SKU lot of this item like electrical outlets compared to the one previous and if it's a big jump thing, they know that something is wrong, which would have we overpaid by $100 then it would say well if something's wrong here and

Speaker 3  1:24:44
I don't know I mean, I think your your your concern is legit and valid judge if we don't I think there is there is the potential for creating a bunch of messiness. If we just my guess is if we just give the option to do a generic credit memo, then by default, that's what was always going to be used by AP.

Speaker 1  1:25:11
Or sir almost could do or Dwayne, could you walk me through scenario? How we how we ended up with our books matching, but with Lowe's giving us a refund, like what what are the actual vendor invoices and POS look like when that happens.

Speaker 4  1:25:34
I'm going to defer this to Drew because I care more about the mechanics of how this stuff is generated and handled than I do about the books matching up. So like, what my concern is, and I'm messaging off, I'm hoping Shannon can provide me with a, an example of a credit memo. So because like I said, My My concern is when when we receive these things from a vendor, what do we do with them? And if we don't know what to do with them, then you know, we have confusion. So go ahead, Drew?

Speaker 2  1:26:08
Well, I think what it comes down to is, how much time is it worth having like, so I agree with Josh. Having all of this tied back to the particular invoice would be the best. But the question is, how much time do we want to take to make so that that always happens, because there's going to be my guess is seven years of 80% of the credit memos we get, we're going to know what they're for and why they're there and what invoice to tie to it's those 20 to 30% that we're not going to know. And so it's a matter of pulling everything over the last two months that we've ever purchased from these guys. And everything we've ever paid. And looking at all of that manually and deciding where's our discrepancy? You know, it's just, it can be figured out, but it's just a lot of time. So, the way it would work is we would purchase something from Lowe's, we'd pay them $150. And then, so they run the credit card right away. Then they go out to the store and they say, Oh, we actually only have three of those instead of five. Then they come back, and they issue us a so we've we've paid for five, they only ship out three, and we don't realize till two weeks later that they did. And in the meantime, they say, oh, we'll refund them that $150. And we'll charge them now for $90 For what we actually shipped. And but we're not going to tell that Lowe's is not going to tell us what that $150 was for. That they gave back. Now. When it's refunding the whole thing, we can kind of figure it out. But they might say, well, let's refund them for two and let's refund them $27.42. And, I mean, we got six invoices that are not lining up with the purchase order that we sent or the thing and so we don't know which one it goes to. In the case of Lowe's eyes, it's pretty safe to assume that it's always going to be raw materials. Now, there's other vendors, where will you hit the right RG if you do a blanket and when you hit the right account? If you do a general? You know, probably not. But so I'd say it's probably 20 to 30% of these invoices, we're not going to know what they tie back to. And maybe 20 to 30% of those will hit the wrong. We have a high likelihood of hitting the wrong GL account and just a general blanket. meme. So I don't know what it's worth. As far as time to figure that all out. Like Mark Twain was saying, you know, it might if we give the option for the general, maybe that's what it will become. Just kind of just make a general one and select it. I don't know like the functionality, but we also want them linked as much as is possible. You know.

Speaker 3  1:29:47
I think the critical ones will be linked because of the impact it has on you know larger SKU items where it's going to be logging that and say Melissa's these are the prime This is way off.

Speaker 1  1:30:04
What it sounds like that, when this happens, it's not about payment mistakes, or double paying, but it's around the vendor not sending us what we asked for and them not telling us. So, in this case, we think we have five of these in inventory, and we really only have three. And we're, we're not the wiser.

Speaker 2  1:30:27
Well, we know that we only have three, but we don't know.

Speaker 2  1:30:37
Like their, their crediting of that, basically, they just gave us some money. But we don't know that it was for those two that we didn't get it was just money.

Speaker 3  1:30:55
I think we can pretty much isolate these general ones to probably two loads. I mean, I think all of the others, pretty much all of the others would would follow the logic that Josh is using, what would I mean? I mean, I'd say 90%

Speaker 1  1:31:10
of theory loads would too, except that we buy a whole bunch of random things from them. And, and it's in small, small amounts per item, and it's just just a hassle is, is that basically right? Most of other vendors,

Speaker 2  1:31:24
it's prepaid. So they go ahead and make the payment before they ever even find out if they can actually ship it or not.

Unknown Speaker  1:31:34
I'd like it. I'm just gonna pay you and maybe you can deliver it, maybe you can't. But here here's the thing.

Speaker 2  1:31:38
Right? That's that's really how absurd it is.

Speaker 3  1:31:42
You might want to start doing that for app hosting Josh, just like you and you and Matthias a while so be? Yeah, I've been do this for you know, can grant and then run charges.

Speaker 1  1:31:57
Yeah, we got busy some other day. So

Speaker 4  1:32:00
I was Leanne was shooting me some credit memos, and everything that she sent to me is pretty specific. And her feeling was 80% or specific. There may be about 20% that may end up being generic or somewhere about she Shannon's not in yet. So she doesn't have further information on this. But she sent me a an apple outdoor and a bluelinx credit. And both of those are very specific about what they're crediting.

Speaker 1  1:32:26
So what if we, ignoring the mechanics how we actually do this? Which I don't? I don't fully know. Here's your talking with us on this one. But what if we said, a specific, you can only create these generic refunds for specific vendors. And right now Lowe's is the only person who can do it. So you can't be sloppy for other people. And Lowe's, we just kind of know it's going to be okay. And it is what it is. And if you really absolutely have to for some other vendor. Well, you're going to go in and check the checkbox and do your thing. And then he checks it and then can work called in the principal's office, and Dwayne sits you down and has a talk with you and then just a box. Now,

Speaker 4  1:33:08
I think Drew was the principal here. So what we're gonna we're gonna put you in Drew's office,

Unknown Speaker  1:33:13
you gotta go all the way to Ohio.

Speaker 1  1:33:19
Those give thoughts on how to do it at General, we don't know what happened kind of thing.

Unknown Speaker  1:33:30
Feels like the deus ex machina. Well,

Matthias Miller  1:33:35
I mean, can't you just use the unverified the verification for this is forever going to stay in the we don't know what happened?

Speaker 2  1:33:50
Well, gosh, wouldn't it work to just do like you were saying, create, basically create a vendor invoice where we're purchasing that credit. You know, instead of selecting a PIO, instead of selecting a non Pio line item, well, maybe you would put something in there. And then and then write a credit. Well,

Speaker 1  1:34:15
to make the books work, you'd have to record an equivalent payment, but there isn't a payment. There's just, there's just the credit. I mean, like, I know, this is clunky. I'm not necessarily suggesting this, but one way to do it is to go and pick up the largest Lowe's invoice we have over the last month that hasn't been reconciled. And you say, You know what, hey, it's this. Guess what these you know that $100 These items are just cheaper or something.

Speaker 2  1:34:48
And, oh, yeah. And that's what I've been doing. You know, you do everything in matches, and then Do you have leftover? You just started adjusting? Because what the statement says we paid is what we paid. It's not what Aaron says we bought. So that's essentially what I have been doing.

Speaker 1  1:35:12
Okay, so it seems to be like an adult mean, there's no moral sense. But like, we're, we're lying to ourselves, right? So we either we either have sort of a vague line that says, hey, I don't know what counts are on somewhere, or we have very specific line that says this, this product was cheaper. Does that sound right with us? How do you? I'm just struggling to to make the it feels like a credit coming out of nowhere. I don't know how to reconcile accounting books that way.

Speaker 2  1:35:50
Well, it's not coming out of nowhere. It's coming for, say raw materials that were purchased. We just don't know which raw materials it was. It's just that's right. That's wrong.

Speaker 1  1:36:01
Well, we're inferring that raw materials, because it's Lowe's. And we know that we buy raw materials there. Yeah. Right. So it's

Speaker 2  1:36:16
so like, somewhere, raw materials account has the correct balance. But these particular SKU lots are showing that we paid too much for them. You know, so it, it messes with our steel off pricing when we don't have the credit metal tied back? Correct.

Speaker 1  1:36:35
But an assertion, that doesn't matter.

Speaker 2  1:36:39
Raw materials account, we have the correct amount. Okay. So I don't know, I think it's a pretty small percentage of what actually you know, when you think of the the grand scheme of vendors and credits and all that it's, it's it's pretty small amount that we can't tie back. Now I agree with Leanne's approximations. I'd say that's about right.

Speaker 1  1:37:10
Okay, so just for what's worth, I understand the scenario I bought in that like, the the incorrectness is not big enough to make a difference. I'm just trying to mechanically figured out how to make this. Make it work. And it seems that the simplest thing I think that doesn't require any sort of magic is to go back and pick a random Lowe's invoice and just say Merry Christmas on that thing.

Matthias Miller  1:37:40
The would it be?

Speaker 4  1:37:41
Would it be fair to say Josh, either pick a random invoice in history or use it on the next one?

Matthias Miller  1:37:48
It has to be true. Right?

Speaker 2  1:37:58
Well, you wouldn't quite pick a random one, you'd pick a random one that does not match the statement. You know, so there's about let's say a quarter of them on the statement that are not lining up.

Speaker 1  1:38:15
Because these are credit cards, the credit will say it was paid back to the credit card. And so we're not actually going to use this credit in the future. Right? Right.

Speaker 3  1:38:27
I mean, is that better to pick one than just create a brand new invoice to link that credit to? Actually that's

Speaker 2  1:38:40
well, we need it to show up as a credit back to the credit card in the credit card account. And we need the original to show as the full payment so we're not we can't be reducing the payments made

Matthias Miller  1:38:59
over this is just all you'd be saying is you overpaid is certain you overpaid for the product on a specific vendor invoice.

Speaker 1  1:39:09
You bought a credit and so the effective cost of all of your your PL items went down. Yeah, I mean, I feel like we know what we need to do. Matthias and I on our side, it's still a little bit unclear to me how how exactly when to model it in a way that doesn't break things and isn't super arcane to use

Speaker 3  1:39:34
would have been better to just when you have a credit you don't know where what invoice to apply to you just create a brand new invoice who put the credit to it. And then then it's you're not messing with other invoices and if you if you later figure out oh this credit goes to you know, this invoice then you would you would really Get to that invoice and delete the the invoice you created specifically for that. And if you never figure it out, then you just leave it sit there and it's

Speaker 2  1:40:13
I kind of think a new invoice that creates a credit would be I think it's less of a lie. We're just saying, like we actually have a credit that we don't know what invoice it applies to, instead of trying to say, well, we're just gonna apply it to this one because it's possible that it could be this

Unknown Speaker  1:40:42
I think it makes sense. I

Speaker 1  1:40:50
Yeah. Okay, well, I think we know we need to do I don't yet know for sure how we're gonna make it work. But it makes sense. Yeah, we

Speaker 3  1:41:00
are 15 minutes past or put off time already. There's a few quick things here. Good. I don't know is it Josh or Matthias? Good one if you right up a scope on on? Like, here's, here's the plan moving forward. You know, what you're going to do by when? And I guess who? Who would be helpful? So that's my first question. Good. Is that something that that you could provide?

Unknown Speaker  1:41:37
Sure. Do you end up with Heiser Shula?

Matthias Miller  1:41:42
If you're offering to you, I'm happy to let you do it. Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:41:57
I don't know about timing work to answer that part of the question. Happy to. But I'm happy to respect whatever priority you want to put on this. So you just tell me how this fits in with I guess to basically digitalize your stuff. Does this does this go? Well, if it goes after Vishal, I just have it's gonna be a long time. So kind of has to go ahead of that. I think, I don't think it's going to be I don't think that's gonna slow down the project overall, that much, because Addison is busy making models, I think, although, Dwayne, do you know how to talk?

Unknown Speaker  1:42:29
What's the timeframe on building something like this?

Unknown Speaker  1:42:33
Like, how long is it gonna take? I'm gonna say, for me, two to three weeks, it's my guess.

Speaker 3  1:42:51
Well, if you can fit it in, without making, you know, drastically slowing down the visualizer. I would say as far as on the accounting side, this is our top priority right now because of the, you know, just we have workarounds, but they're pretty clunky.

Speaker 1  1:43:12
So does this mean makes sense? Mark? Should we defer the whole refunds discussion for now? And well,

Speaker 3  1:43:21
that was my second question. Like I think so. I mean, I think the refunds to me feels like a lot more involved than credits. Is there any value getting into refunds before we you know, complete credit. We just

Speaker 1  1:43:46
my head is about full enough with with credits that I would feel if I can at least get some of this stuff working. I would feel more comfortable but go ahead, Dwayne.

Speaker 4  1:43:58
I was I was going to ask from a from an accounting perspective our refunds not having about as much of a pain point is as credits are

Unknown Speaker  1:44:09
Yeah, I would say that's quite similar.

Speaker 4  1:44:13
Yeah, and the secondary question I guess I have is this is not to ruffle any feathers here but is this strictly Josh work for the for the vendor invoice side stuff?

Matthias Miller  1:44:28
Well, I mean, we split it up three things for Josh do things for me. Is that your question?

Speaker 4  1:44:34
Versus in all being you it was really the question.

Speaker 1  1:44:40
Oh, got it. I mean, I did most of the vendor invoice stuff. So I would argue that should be me. I mean, if I was being greedy, I tried to take accounting impact. So I feel like I've already being slightly irresponsible throwing things with is this way.

Matthias Miller  1:44:57
I don't think it's going to help the calendar timeline much throwing it to me Well, I'm sure

Speaker 4  1:45:04
the calendar time from a from an accounting perspective, I was thinking more of the the calendar time on the visualizer perspective.

Speaker 1  1:45:14
Let's talk Dwayne, if there's stuff, if there's high payoff stuff on the visualizer, we could do while this stuff is happening. We will pick up regardless. Yeah,

Speaker 4  1:45:26
we do. I mean, to two to three weeks or three to whatever timeframe you gave is probably not going to have that big of an impact. Because like you said, a lot of this is on the modeling side. That being said, there is we do need to start talking about, you know, the the impacts that models are having and glitchyness and slowness and all of that kind of stuff. So, which is all back in your court from a from a development perspective? Sure.

Speaker 3  1:46:01
So are we good with with? Like, we focus on credits, gosh, you're going to write up a scope? And then approximately two to three weeks on your site? I'm assuming Matthias, it's similar on your site. And then well, I guess the second part of my, what I'm suggesting is, could we plan to regroup in?

Unknown Speaker  1:46:30
We need to regroup on refunds. Soon, I think we just do a similar meeting like this. I'm curious what your thoughts are on when we should regroup.

Speaker 1  1:46:47
I guess I think the work is somewhat sequential. So I think my stuff happens before Matthias is, you know, I don't know that that's really happening in parallel. So my, my brain will be clear in two weeks. I don't know if Matthias wants to have refunds discussion about the time he's gearing up to deal with credits, but

Matthias Miller  1:47:06
I don't mind work for me. I'm not. I'm not doing an early morning meeting on the week of the first week in June. So it's, it's either gonna be the week of the 26th, or the week of the ninth. So two weeks is fine by me if you want.

Speaker 3  1:47:26
So should we should we plan for June? June 13? I think that

Speaker 2  1:47:37
30 is May 30? Or June 13. If it's Thursday morning?

Unknown Speaker  1:47:43
Or would you rather do the 30th?

Matthias Miller  1:47:46
I have no preference.

Speaker 1  1:47:47
The chance of us having something to critique on the on the credit side is going to be a lot higher on the 13th than on the 30th. I don't know if if we want to look at what we've got there. But

Speaker 2  1:48:02
But if we're if we're critiquing the credit side, are we gonna get to refunds?

Speaker 1  1:48:09
Well, it's all gonna be perfect. So we'll spend five minutes looking at everyone's say, it's great. We're good to go.

Unknown Speaker  1:48:15
Love the confidence.

Matthias Miller  1:48:17
Josh doing it after all.

Matthias Miller  1:48:25
All right, Elsa, no, in my that's for seven to 830. Eastern. Okay. Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  1:48:34
And then Josh, you'll send out

Speaker 1  1:48:36
kind of I will try to send out shortly. Yeah, it's not gonna be out sometime.

Unknown Speaker  1:48:41
This week. Get your thinking.

Speaker 2  1:48:44
Yes. Now, the 20th of June might be the last that I'm available to come in to the office, though. So if we have it there, 13. That doesn't give us much term.

Speaker 3  1:48:55
Yeah. Well, I think it is what he has. I mean, if we're, if we're, I think if we try to rush this and tell me if I'm wrong, guys from the sides, but if I'm concerned, if we try to jump into refunds on the 30th already, then we'll just be kidding ourselves. Or should we draw?

Speaker 1  1:49:24
I would argue they are separate things and we would be better served to do one well, and then do the other than try to design them and do them at the same time. They get the most done. Not quite as well, but I mean, it's up to you.

Unknown Speaker  1:49:41
Yeah, well then let's leave it for the 13th and go from that.

Unknown Speaker  1:49:50
Sounds good. Sounds good. Good. Awesome. Thanks, everyone. Are you


Transcribed by https://otter.ai