Speaker 1  00:13
Your call has been forwarded to an automatic voice message system 404953981.

Matthias Miller  00:23
Let me just try right back and see if it's a do not disturb or something.

Matthias Miller  00:38
Hello? Yes, hello. This is Matthias calling. Darya. Alright, I wasn't completely sure how to pronounce your name, I wanted to make sure I got it right. So yeah. Thank you for your patience with. With this my afternoon no wait for me. And yeah. So I just wanted to touch base I thought your application was was interesting and just wanted to, I guess start sort of just by touching base and seeing if you have any questions about about the role.

Speaker 1  01:11
And so looking at the job description, it said that there was going to be a 30 day period. And I wanted to know what that looks like, before you actually get into the role. Yeah, makes sense.

Matthias Miller  01:27
So 30 day period, you know, some of this work, we are starting a new team, we have a proven, proven process. But in this particular case, we're starting a new team, and there's some changes. So I can't guarantee you with 100% accuracy that this is what exactly what it's going to look like. But what we're looking at is your first week or so is all of your equipment, setup, all of your product training, some specific training on the shed, the buying journey on sheds, what that looks like how to guide those conversations, and then perhaps a role plays and then by week two, being able to actually have start having conversations with customers and walking them through that process.

Speaker 1  02:17
Okay, so this training period is self is about a week.

Matthias Miller  02:22
That's, that's correct. It might it might prove to be I don't know, we might get through that and be like, we've covered everything in two days. So I am talking in a bit of approximations here. And but that's kind of what we're thinking

Speaker 1  02:43
about I got you. So which How long would you say typically takes people to get comfortable in a row?

Matthias Miller  02:55
That is a really good question. And I don't know if I have a great answer for that. I don't expect that to happen the first week, I don't even know if it's completely going to happen in the second week. So being on the phone. I can answer a question that might be related to that, which is what are we really looking for at the end of the 30 day period. I don't think we have any. I don't think we're crazy enough to think that you get to the end of the 30 days. And we're like, wow, you're already perfectly where we want you to be. But what we're looking for at the end of those 30 days is that it's clear that the way that we want to build this team, the way that you love to work in terms of working with people, helping them through the process, improving the process, spending time on the phone, and the environment that you're in, we want to make sure that that's a great environment for you to excel at. Want to make sure that you're you're certainly making progress in just learning about the product and the end and the process that we have in place. And so and then, and then looking at kind of looking at how you doing the process itself, and then just looking at how well it's actually working, where we feel like we're we're getting customers who were who are that it's going well based on based on the very short experience that you've got. Okay, Kim

Speaker 1  04:44
and just one more question, what is the CRM that you all use it at Salesforce.

Matthias Miller  04:51
We have developed an internal CRM that we've used very that we that we up until this morning we were planning to use unfortunately There's been a shift of development priorities, and we're needing to move somewhere else. Current current arrangement is a Trello. Board. I'm not sure if you're familiar with Trello. It's not highly sophisticated, but leads get put on there, conversations get tracked on there. And then orders get created in our or order entry system.

Speaker 1  05:23
Okay, so I'm not familiar with that. So, um, that's something that I would I don't have any issues being trained. I just wanted to know, if it was something I used before. Sure, yeah. Makes sense. When would the position be starting is selected.

Matthias Miller  05:44
If selected, we'd be looking to start as soon as, as soon as you can, obviously, we're expecting you. Because you're in a current position where we expect to wait for you to turn in your notice. And, and that. And so, and, and if it looks to be a good fit, and you do need more time, I think there's a general open to the openness to that. But realistically speaking, we're wanting to, we are actively hiring and wanting to keep the timeline reasonably short.

Speaker 1  06:19
Okay, that makes sense. And I've already put in my two weeks notice, because I spoke with spoken with another company. And they did send me an offer letter. So I went ahead and I put in my two weeks notice with indeed, however, I feel that this role, with true coin backyards is actually better, a little bit of a better fit for me than the other role. Which is why I went ahead and submitted my application still. But I would just the end of next week is all I would need, because I've already put in my two weeks notice.

Matthias Miller  06:54
Okay. How much time do you have to accept your other offer?

Unknown Speaker  07:02
I have until the end of next week, actually,

Matthias Miller  07:04
in the next week. So the we have we have our next available interview day is on Friday? And if if that is so I just want to make sure that we're onboard and I don't want to keep you in limbo. If with this I think I want to confirm with the rest of the team but I think we would be willing to we can put the pieces in place. So that by I guess is there a specific time of day that was for sure by end of day Friday that we could we could have an answer for you and what direction that you want to go so that you know what to do with the other offer.

Speaker 1  07:59
I mean, I guess if we interviewed in the morning as early as possible, it wouldn't

Matthias Miller  08:06
that wouldn't be an issue for me yeah, I'm not interested I'm not interested in creating not interested in in creating undue hardships. The first available time slot would be at at 1030 in the morning. Okay, I can do 1010 30 Okay, so no worries. One of the questions I would have to I'm curious between your other role in this role like what are the things that that make this look like a better role for you than the than the other role?

Speaker 1  08:54
Well, once the role is one day on site. And I mean, remote work is a lot more easier. It's easier for me I save money, I don't have to worry about traffic or anything like that. And this role actually pays more the other one is start off at 55k.

Matthias Miller  09:15
Got it and yeah, I guess I'm kind of jumping in with my questions. Do you have any other questions for me on the roll?

Speaker 1  09:34
About how how many customers at once, I guess would be Mr. book of business or I would be in contact with because I know it says that we follow each customer all the way up until they get their installation about how many customers are people typically working with at once?

Matthias Miller  09:55
It would be it would be Hold, it depends a little bit on how many, how many people end up, end up buying. If we have, so probably at any given time, you'll, you'll maybe you have 60 leads that you'll be working with. And then once they, most of the of the interaction happens over a two week period where you're talking with them, and going back and forth, and asking them questions and giving them clothes and helping them figure out what exactly they're looking for. And then, and then once, once they've signed off on it, it goes off to production. And there's actually another department that takes care of logistics and make sure that the shed gets delivered to them. And then your, your follow up with that would then be, there'll be a follow up soon after that, to make sure that just kind of a customer satisfaction, customer care type of type of touch point to make sure that everything worked out, okay. And and they're, they're doing okay, but not all of those 60 would be those 60 might be I mean, some of those you might not even be able to speak to the might be busy, you might put them on an auto responder campaign and, you know, go see, maybe a month later, they'll come back and they'll be wanting to talk. So that's kind of the baseline, the baseline numbers. Think for the people who are genuinely interested in in at any given time, it's probably the numbers probably. I don't know that I've got solid numbers, but what I expected something closer to maybe 20. And then the really serious ones would be closer to 1010 super serious ones. I guess. Our the basic numbers that we have to start from right now is if we have if you get three customers signing off every week, that is the point at which we look at this. And we're like, Yep, this is working. We're, we're comfortable where this is at? We don't really have a good context for what the upper bound of that is. There are people in the industry who've done four times that there are people who who claim that they've done I don't know, maybe 10 times that. But some of those you don't know if they're Fishing Tales, or if they're just if they're actually true stories of what's what's happened. But that is I don't know, that gives you at least a little bit of an idea of the volume.

Speaker 1  13:00
Yeah, so 10 people that I'll be talking to consistently, like around that areas. Okay. I think that's all my questions. Right now.

Matthias Miller  13:19
One of the questions I did have was

Matthias Miller  13:28
was just in terms of, we all run into difficult people. I don't know people who want to, I don't know, people who are insisting on having things done their way. angry customers, those types of things. I'm just curious if you got any examples of that, that illustrate how, how you typically handle those types of interactions?

Speaker 1  13:54
Yeah, for sure. I'm a very empathetic person in general. And I typically like to let people get all of their feelings out. Before you know I actually address the situation because I think it's more so just about releasing emotion than it is about being targeting someone like targeting me and being upset at me. So I typically like to lead people first. But in particular, in my previous role at Lenovo, I don't know if you see that on my my resume. I was a customer on site specialists. And I actually only worked with one customer. That was LSG sky chefs, that was my client. And the HR manager was my point of contact and he was very, he was very strict on what he wanted done. And he wasn't very malleable. When I first got into this position you want things done his way. However, it was my job to make sure things were being done more efficiently since I was actually at the facility in like seeing how things are going going day to day and he wasn't there. I knew different changes that needed to be sorry, my God was working, I knew different changes that needed to be made. So the way that I would approach him is I would say, Hey, I know, I know, things used to be done this way. And I know that they weren't grateful, great for you in that way. But the feedback that I've been getting, like just to make make it not just me that thinks that the feedback that I've been getting from the other employees and the other staff, I think that it would be better if we did things this way. And it would typically go back and forth a few times. But he would eventually warm up to the idea. And I have one particular example with some iPads that we had, I'm not sure. I think I put that on the on my top applicant section. So with like with that situation, he was a little reluctant to get a second iPad, like he's like things like that, even though it would be more sufficient. He just wanted things done his way. But when I explained it to him, like it would shorten the line, certain amount of time that people are online, eventually warmed up to the idea and it made it go a lot quicker. People were in the door, they didn't I didn't have to go fix it in people's time, as well as shining it on the paper to

Matthias Miller  16:25
make sense. Cool. One last question. I think I would love to hear a little bit about I think we all have different things that drive us and motivate us and make us want to get things done. And I just curious for you. What do you see as kind of your predominant motivating force what what gets you up in the morning with? Yeah.

Speaker 1  16:56
And so above all things is just being the best version of myself and doing everything to the best of my ability. I know if I'm even if I mess up, and I still did my best I can at least say that I did my best. So definitely creating quality results from being my best. And then on top of that, I just, I really do enjoy customer service. I know most people don't. But I'm very much a people person. I like talking to people. And I'm really good at De escalation so that it will doing something that I love and doing my best at it. Makes sense.

Matthias Miller  17:34
Good. That's excellent. Anything else? Yeah, let me let me give me a little bit to circle back around from this conversation. And then I'll be in touch and we'll tentatively and we will block out that 1030 time slot for you. And I'll make sure that that it's clear that a decision needs to be made. Quickly. We'll probably block out some time to make that decision so that you can you know what to do what to do with your your existing offer. If we get there. Yeah, so we'll do that. We'll all circle back with you freely. sort of circle back with you then as far as next steps.

Speaker 1  18:26
Okay, sounds good. And is this going to be a video interview?

Unknown Speaker  18:30
Yes, this will be a video interview.

Speaker 1  18:33
All right. Well, I look forward to thank you for reaching out. Yes, absolutely.

Unknown Speaker  18:38
Thanks there. Yeah. All right. No

Unknown Speaker  18:40
problem. I'll get it.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai