Speaker 1  00:01
A handful of thoughts when I have a solution for Kevin going to the rotary is what he wants to do is not involved in rotary, what he wants to do is get back to the community, Have the thrift store pay for bills, membership bill wants to be a part of that, because he wants to be a part. And he will connect with source or with them. The Trouble is, how do I give advice because I no longer believe read free advice, because people don't take you seriously. You don't actually do anything with it. So there's that issue. The other issue is, I still believe there's a strong positional authority issue here. And The reason I say that is because in this situation, he thinks that he's a director. And because of that he should be, He should be a member of the rotary, that's not true. And that he's changed. Now, the other thing too, is that, I mean, I see this with Nate being involved in issues because of his role. And, and that's not true, He does not need to do that. Because of his role, he needs to do that. Because of his gifting, he needs to be able to do his role according to his gifting. Otherwise, he's going to burn out and he's going to quit. The same thing happened for me, when I was in video, I had, you know, I had some great stuff that I did, you know, taking, taking, taking over some, So the video and stuff like that. But then I got pigeonholed into that kind of a role. And it wasn't a fit, but because it was my role, I had to do it. And I see this with arlan with some of the ways that he deals with

Unknown Speaker  01:27
stuff,

Speaker 1  01:29
especially around hiring. So I'm the guy hiring and fundraising because I am the guy, The front man, I have to be the guy people see in order to fundraise. And it means that, that it's because it's in his role. I think he thinks that he's the face. And he's the mission, but he's not the face. He's not the mission. And he's not necessarily the guy who communicates the, the vision most effectively. And, you know, I think there's other situations like that we see this. So What this means is that is that even though they they call themselves, You know, you have this idea of moral authority

Unknown Speaker  02:06
and that kind of stuff. There's actually a really strong

Speaker 1  02:09
kind of positional authority aspect to it and what it means also, it also means is that people are shoehorned into process that process into, into, into, into people. So if you have to do something, because it's your job description, That's establishing a culture that says that that process was not meant to serve you you are meant to serve process. And If you do this, you're going to experience kickback from from your people. Because I mean, because they're being the processes are abusing them. And you have the wrong people creating the wrong types of processes in many of these situations. So that's kind of an observation once again, here's the here's the issue, how do I communicate this back to Ireland in a way that and and to people who can actually take action and do something with them? I think I think that's, that remains part of the challenge. But I think there's there's a good bit of stuff that the organization is wrestling with


Transcribed by https://otter.ai