Matthias Miller  00:43
Wow, Howdy. Howdy. Long time do see, it's been a bit how are you? Pretty good. All things considered. All

Speaker 1  00:53
things considered. I am quite tired. I'm just butchering some pigs this morning. Oh, that was the reason I wanted to push the time back, because I was trying to give as much time as possible possible. I should say pig. It was supposed to be pigs, and it ended up being pig. It we ended up doing such a big one the first time around, we decided that, you know what we're gonna we're gonna hold off on doing the second

Matthias Miller  01:22
one. Nice. It

Speaker 1  01:23
had to be, it had to be about a 300 pounder. Gracious, yeah. It was no space. It was no small beast.

Matthias Miller  01:32
They supply pork.

Matthias Miller  01:40
Well, meanwhile, like about three hours of sleep last night, because we're trying to sleep train our youngest daughter, if we can. And how old is she? Oh, she'll be two in July.

Unknown Speaker  01:54
She adopted or no, this is a this is biological,

Matthias Miller  01:58
biological. Hey. So I got about three hours of sleep last night. Sleep last night. And anyway, but here's the other fun thing, I put together a little AI GPT thing that I use for my little sidekick, and I said, your job is to keep me motivated and on task. And it's been phenomenal. Like, have you

Speaker 1  02:23
named it yet? Because I have, I have moved away from calling it chat, GPT or grok. I i literally, I literally, literally went to grock one day and I said, I need a name for you. Whenever I'm talking about how I use you to somebody, I want to you have a name. I mean, instantaneously, it comes back with Nova. I said, Nova is not a person's name. I want a person's name. Okay, Nora. I said, why the female names? Like, give me some more. Like, give me and so then it comes, like, with three other female names. I'm like, Okay, give me some names that sound like a butler. And then it came back with Jeeves Winston and something else. I was like, Winston's a pretty good name. I like. So now, when I talk about, I'm working with Winston on on this, or I'm working with Winston on that. You know my assistant, Winston, so you gotta, you gotta name your I need a personal

Matthias Miller  03:08
name for you. Based on everything you know about me, that would sound like a name I would use for you. Oh, come on, gear. Heart's

Speaker 2  03:17
not bad. I can, I can literally hear you saying that,

Matthias Miller  03:24
no, let's do a personal human name anyway. Let's just do it. Let's try a personal human name. Cal

Unknown Speaker  03:43
Cao. Cao,

Matthias Miller  03:46
short, grounded, unpretentious, calm, calculation, clarity, slightly retro, trustworthy. Feel so do you want to want to want around for both deep thinking and hard solving our problems on the fly?

Speaker 2  04:00
Cal, okay, all right, I like it a pal cow. Your pal cow? Shoot,

Speaker 1  04:16
well, I'll be honest with you, I have been racking my brain on what we had talked about. I literally walked out to Leanne a few minutes ago and that like, we talked about this, we talked about this, we talked about this, we talked about this. What am I missing? And didn't really come up with anything. And I feel like, seriously, have we? Have we? Have we reached around this whole thing? Like, really,

Matthias Miller  04:39
well, I mean, if you the one thing that doesn't have a place here is contract free loading. It's just kind of floating. And I'd love to, there's another, there's

Speaker 1  04:52
another thing I'd like to free What did you not freeloading? You said free floating. I said, I heard freeloading. Free loading for. I do another one. Alongside of that, you have logistics tracking in here. I do think one of the things that we want to talk about, okay, two things I want to talk about that I think we need to mention in here is that we need to have some type of hauler portal. This happens a lot when we're we have a building on for retrieve when a hall is out there. I would love for them to be logged into our system in some way, form or fashion, and they could be able to see some parameters about what we would expect them to pick up. And, you know, like they could and also they could take a payment, if the customers there, and they're like, no, please don't take my building. Here's $500 they could transact that directly to the account. Would be really, really, stinking cool. I don't know exactly where, like, how involved this thing could get. It could get, it could get a little hairy, but I think if we're disciplined with it, it would be a huge advantage,

Matthias Miller  05:59
right? I mean, man, would that be nice to just to just to get a text, hey, you got a building, click this when you're ready to pick it up and everything you need is inside.

Speaker 1  06:11
Yeah. I mean, I could see, I could see, like, retrieval documents, access to contract data, like, like, all the things, like, what are the things I would want to do, like, if it's tied to the customer account that we tell the we've told them to pick up, like they have access to a lot of data about that customer. Not would be very careful as to what data we would give them, but, you know, like, access to see the contract, access to see, you know, maybe the just the last payment that they made, you know, just data that we can put into the haulers hands that they can get out there, right there, on their phone and see, you know, customer walks out there and says, you know, I made a payment. Just blah, blah, blah. And they're like, Well, no, I'm looking at your your account right here, and I don't see the last payment you made was, you know, this point.

Matthias Miller  06:56
I mean, I mean, but presumably you need to say, Well, I mean, is it just, you need to catch up for us not to retrieve this. Or is there a

Speaker 1  07:04
Well, ideally, when you, I don't know exactly how we would do this, but I could see that when you, maybe it's that you create a a transit task or something for the retrieval of this building, that you would have acceptable minimums that you could input and say, you know, we will only accept, you know, if they want to pay, we only accept 500 or, you know, the minimum that they can accept. So, like, as a part of the transit task record, you could put some kind of minimums. And I don't know, I'm really spitballing faster, and I don't want to spend a ton of time on it, but I do think it's worth mentioning in this, as part of the build process, that we would do something like this. Because I think there's, there's a couple key points, Matthias, I, I've, I've had a number of conversations since, since our last call, I've been talking to a number of different RTO companies. And one of the things that comes up over and over and over and over again is and nobody else is doing this. We have to do accounting like right out the gate. We've got to do accounting because I, I started what you talked to Jonathan Miller. So you know, you know Jonathan Miller a little bit, he and I had a long conversation on just picking his brain on the things that you know would be big seller points for him, and by far the biggest thing at the top of the list is integrated accounting.

Matthias Miller  08:28
Interesting.

Speaker 1  08:30
It's why. It's why J mag left RTO Pro to go to NetSuite, which has been a giant failure, was integrated accounting, and nobody else is doing it. And so I, I really feel like, you know, coming out of the gate with direct tie into an accounting platform, albeit, I do think it's somewhat, it's quite a bit skinned down from where Assist is that it's not nearly that complex. I mean, because the inventory management side of this thing is fairly simplistic. The income side of this thing is fairly simplistic. The Balance Sheet side of this things is probably the side of that I don't feel like I have a good grip on understand the P and L side of the RTO company, but the balance sheet side of the company, you and I would have to do some like, deep exploration, and probably bring in an accountant to really kind of dig into this. But I do think, like, if we're if we're going to lead out with, like, as many key selling points from the very beginning, I think that one needs to be at the top of the list even before things like our fun, you know, payment risk index and some of those types of things like integrated accounting will like the people who make decisions inside the RTO companies. That's a big win. Big, big, big win.

Speaker 1  10:00
I know that highly drives the price up and highly probably lengthens the development time, but I think it would be time and money well spent. Um,

Unknown Speaker  10:28
all right. Well,

Matthias Miller  10:33
okay, so, I mean, so you just gonna make fun of you for just one second. I can't think of anything else we really have to talk about. Well, there's just one thing, accounting is like top of the list for everybody. We haven't talked about that at all. What

Speaker 1  10:50
that looks like in that great, in that great Do you want to dive into that? Because, I mean, it's, I mean, okay, the three things that were, that were top of mind for me was, well, one of them you put top of mind was that whole contract entry piece. I don't know if you found a home for it or not, the Holo portal. I think you probably snapped that in there with enough information to really give it a home. I think you feel that way or no.

Matthias Miller  11:17
I mean, we'll find a more specific place. But I want to dig into accounting, so what I think needs to happen? So from an accounting perspective, I'm going to assume that this needs to be relatively agnostic, whether you're using EBMs, NetSuite or QuickBooks, right? What do you mean? Where are you thinking? Literally we have built in accounting. You use our accounting literally,

Speaker 1  11:37
literally built in accounting because RTO smart is coming out with a live integration with with QuickBooks. And I want to beat that. I want to beat that and say you can have your live integration all day long. There's one thing that you'll never have. You'll never be able to be in the income account and looking at, you know, in income entry and go, click, click, click, and be over at the customer's account. That made it. Yeah, okay,

Matthias Miller  12:03
three big issues. Number one

Speaker 2  12:08
here, let's do this.

Matthias Miller  12:13
What makes accounting obnoxious reconciliation and maybe that doesn't matter, because literally, it should just be Check, check, check, check, check, but okay, there. Okay,

Speaker 1  12:25
let's talk about reconciliation for a minute, because there is some complexities there that we're going to have to try to handle well. And I think you've already worked through some of them on the assist side, and that is when things like ACH or credit card batch inputs into the bank account. But yet, we may see those as standalone, you know, income record items, how to batch them well, or how to match up batches well with what the bank is, or what what hits the bank versus what we're seeing on the itemization side, well. And I think,

Matthias Miller  12:57
I think reconciliation actually ends up being relatively simple, because you're going to have a low volume of transactions, and people are used to having a bookkeeper, and you just, you just have to compare with the paper statement, and there is no syncing electronically at this point. That's the biggest thing I'm I'm thinking, do

Speaker 1  13:18
we do we know not phase one, maybe phase 2345, I don't know. At some point I really think we ought to go solve the plaid issue and and figure out how to to get that level of connection. I mean, I know that this is, this is a, this is a, it's gonna be a big conundrum, because that was a bear.

Matthias Miller  13:44
Well, if you okay, what is the process by which people? I mean, this is the classic, classic, classic, classic issue. Can I throw a classic in a few more times? Handwritten checks, printed checks, credit card payments,

Unknown Speaker  14:02
ACH payments,

Speaker 1  14:11
the the checks. I mean, I don't know. Are you kind of lumping things like money orders and cashiers checks together with that? Or do you want to break this apart? They function like a check.

Matthias Miller  14:25
Outbound payments, no

Unknown Speaker  14:27
inbound.

Matthias Miller  14:27
I'm only worried about outbound at this point.

Speaker 1  14:31
Okay, what? Okay. Outbound payments is really only should, pretty much be two things, written checks or ACH, because the only outbound payments that you have that are when you're paying manufacturers for buildings. Now we could get into this crazy conversation about, okay, so fine, if we're going to include accounting, and we really ought to think about including some type of payroll type system so that you could literally live in one sort. Service. What do

Matthias Miller  15:00
you mean payroll, like, literally, the RTO employees? Yeah.

Speaker 1  15:04
So you, you know, ABC, RTO, you know, LLC has employees that you know, customer service employees. You have to pay them.

Matthias Miller  15:15
Oh, you're such a stickler. Mine work for free. Did you know,

Unknown Speaker  15:22
can I hire them? Please

Unknown Speaker  15:27
see cow one, cow two, cow three,

Matthias Miller  15:29
cow exactly, cow pal. So, well, I mean, okay, so, and I'm just going to straight up say, well, we can throw time tracking in here, and you could. And then you, you basically have time and over time, and you put compensation information, you you come up with gross wage amounts, yeah.

Speaker 1  15:51
I mean, it's nowhere near the silly complexity that assist has for some kind of payroll tracking. It's like, it's very regular payroll type tracking,

Unknown Speaker  16:01
hourly salary over time, blah, blah, blah.

Matthias Miller  16:15
And I'm assuming then what you do is you, you have some mechanism by which you we use. You tell people to go use gusto or something and come back, or, Oh, for payroll taxes or other types of ADP, or whatever those other providers are. And there's maximum two debits from your account, one for tax, if,

Speaker 1  16:40
if if you're doing that already, don't those? A lot of those platform already have time tracking. A part of them

Matthias Miller  16:47
probably do. I mean, if

Speaker 1  16:50
we're going to force them to go off and do the payroll taxes in something else anyway, then what do we need to include it for?

Matthias Miller  16:55
Well, we don't, okay. I mean, tell me why we want to include payroll taxes. What do we want to handle that?

Speaker 1  17:03
Well, the implication is that if you're going to include accounting, you're going to like, from a from your RTO business standpoint, then you're probably going to want to use it for all your RTO business standpoint.

Matthias Miller  17:17
That's fair. So are you going to find a company like, well, there's another startup company that's super hungry, going head to head with gusto. They started by it's cereal. What is it? Let me see if I can find it. But you just say, Look, if you want to do payroll like you just use this service. That is what you use. I

Unknown Speaker  17:48
uh, rippling, rippling, rippling software company,

Unknown Speaker  18:01
Workforce Management System, HR, IT finance.

Speaker 1  18:22
So then I guess the obviously you're going to have to on the accounting side, you would have transactions that you would need to be able to do to in order to handle what you paid out as far as payroll, but you wouldn't necessarily need to track input, time, track, blah, blah, blah, I don't know this. This one feels like a bit of a rabbit hole. I don't know

Matthias Miller  18:47
it. So basically, I guess my point is, you don't want to get into the business of taxation and compliance. And so the the option, basically, is look, we will seamlessly. You track the data, you click a button, but I think it can even be simpler than this. You put in your payroll provider, you click the data, you click a button, it pops up a new tab. You copy, paste some values across. You hit, run. You copy, paste some values back, and now your payroll is paid, and we automatically create debits to your account specific.

Speaker 1  19:27
So is it, is it, are we going to end up where people go? Well, fine, I got to keep QuickBooks around just to run but to do my payroll stuff. And then it's like, well, I'm already using it over here. So like, like, are we going to end up having an adoption problem with accounting because of payroll,

Matthias Miller  19:47
because people are already using QuickBooks, and you just want to keep

Speaker 1  19:50
using it. Yeah, I mean, obviously I want to make like if you're going to like, if you're going to sell this concept, the biggest seller. To the idea of integrated accounting is a couple things. One is the track ability that you can be anywhere inside of accounting, you can trace back to either to the expense or to the to the income that your other line item. Two is, by doing this, you can build some very cool reporting on profitability per building, or per sets of buildings, or per, let's say contract area, or like, like being able to tie into accounting has a whole profitability side that you should be able to that we should be able to build reporting against of contract data like,

Unknown Speaker  20:41
state,

Speaker 1  20:43
city, building type, building size, like, whole piles of stuff like that. Like, like, when I started talking about this with Jonathan, that's exactly where he went. Like, he started coming up with thing after thing after thing of profit from the profitability side to go looking for, you know, you know, do I have a profitability problem in this state? Or do I have a or, like, you know, this, this particular manufacturer that I'm buying building from? Do I have a, you know, really kind of digging into to the whole property so, like, that, kind of reporting becomes possible if you link accounting to it. But what I don't want to end up in is a situation where you get people who won't adopt because of a little thing like payroll. Well,

Matthias Miller  21:34
to me, someone's, I mean, a payroll service, you're gonna run 5200 bucks a month. That is a payroll service. That is what the market holds like, whether you're using gusto or rippling or QuickBooks or pay some $20 an hour person to run wage tables or, I don't know what like you're going to have to, unless we are literally becoming a I mean, maybe, well, let's, let's ask this question is, is there any payroll provider that would let us white label payroll? Services like,

Unknown Speaker  22:27
what are you using? Perplexity.

Matthias Miller  22:35
I mean, I think what you're I think this is, this is at least the path that you end up having to go is you find some kind of white label, some white label option, and nobody knows under the hood that you're actually running it through. Or they never see rippling. They never log into rippling or whatever your back end, ever every or whatever

Speaker 1  23:03
I mean. So then, then, ideally, what you would do is you would try to bake it into the monthly a charge that you charge the company that's using the software, and it becomes a tier to say integrated payroll, or non integrated payroll. If you want to integrate payroll, then it's, you know, X much more per month. Yeah, I think what? Okay, I think if you back, if we backed up and simplified this, as we said, we could do time tracking. You could do simple, you know, payroll that you would need to copy over into some sort of payroll, external payroll service, like QuickBooks, and then you copy back it into accounting. And I think that's probably where we start out, if we get a lot of feedback, and, you know, and this can be one of the topics I can broach when, you know, as I, as I talk to more RTO companies, is to say, you know, what? What does payroll play in this conversation? If they're like, that doesn't really play, then it's like, okay, fine, let's not worry about it. But if it's like, Whoa, yeah, we really need to think about that Well, then they'll really

Matthias Miller  24:00
think about it well. But I think time tracking is where the biggest benefit is, because with time tracking, then you don't really care that much of the impact of taxes upon profitability. But I do care about the fact that if I can get my customer service reps to be tracking time per customer per contract, then I can say, Whoa, Tommy's paying on time, but it's taking two hours every month to get through his his his woes, for us to get payment over the phone. Okay,

Speaker 1  24:25
talk to me about that. You're telling me something there that I don't know about. Like you're saying you could track time based on what they the amount of time they spend on a record, not

Matthias Miller  24:35
based on, well, it requires some manual currently requires manual activity, but, but you could say so the way it works in client scope, which is the investor tool system is

Unknown Speaker  24:50
we

Matthias Miller  24:53
just pick up job.

Unknown Speaker  24:56
That's dog slow. I.

Matthias Miller  25:00
Uh, client, scope, product, change, PC, all right, all right. So you hit, you hit, start job, and it being, it, it, it, uh, will it ask you what time to start? Or you hit now, and it clocks you in, and then you you can clock out. So all of your detail screen, or your detail screens, or your contracts or whatever, could have these where you can say, all right, I'm working on this now, and now I'm not. And then on the time card, yeah,

Speaker 1  25:34
but correct me if I'm wrong. That's much more of a project based concept, whereas when you're when you're dealing with a customer, that phone may ring, you're going to pick up the phone, you're going to pick up the phone, you're going to open up the customer's account, like to ask the person to log in at that point to the customer. Seems obnoxious,

Matthias Miller  25:48
well, but okay, what you can do is third party integration with VoIP system, and you suck all call information in originating, destination and time, date, duration, and you find out that, I mean, then you can, then you can assign $1 value. So Tommy spent two hours, one at one hour with junior team member and two hour with senior type team member. And Tommy, you cost us nine or $50 because of fill in the blank, or or Sally is spending 3020, hours a week on the phone, and Joey is spending 15 hours. But Joey's collections are higher than Sally's is,

Matthias Miller  26:38
so it's really more a thing of getting call data in there, then, then it is probably time tracking in particular.

Speaker 1  26:44
I mean, that doesn't resonate real well. What did resonate in what you said, there is the idea that if we build activity history reporting, fast activity history reporting, not something that takes up a long time, but a way to say, Okay, what, you know, I can run data on my customer service reps and find out, you know, who's spending what time on what that would be kind of cool. I mean, I mean, but you could do that from the activity history,

Matthias Miller  27:17
well, but how? I mean, you just look between the time when one thing's modified to the next thing's modified. How do you know when they started modifying it? I mean, you could, we could technically log on the on the record. It's not accurate, but when you open, when you go into edit mode, we can log the date and time, and when you save it, we can log the date and time, and so we can log the length of editing sessions. But still, you have somebody who's in the middle and starts making changes to a contract. They get a phone call, then they switch over, well, all right, then you got to de duplicate that stuff and segmented out,

Speaker 1  28:02
and we're digressing far away from accounting now, all because of, because of payroll.

Speaker 1  28:13
I mean, if we want to, if we want to chase this rabbit, I would say it's a year or two after we've launched and are successful and have clients and and we really start to chase into to that side of of payroll. I think initially, time tracking could be I clock in in the morning, I clock out the evening, or lunch time or whatever, and you can use that data to push off to

Unknown Speaker  28:35
to to your payroll provider.

Matthias Miller  28:38
I mean, I think comp. I think I think compensation and backfilling, backfilling data, is a reasonable second phase. That's not very expensive. That could be useful. I mean, I think you're going to need that at some level anyway. I mean, you do need that at some level anyway to say, well, I pay payroll, or, you know, I have this expense, however that happens. It doesn't have to be tied to payroll specifically, okay, so I mean on the income statement, well, but

Speaker 1  29:11
then if you're going to do simple time tracking, well, Then you got to handle things like vacation and, boy, I feel hung up on this. I I want to, I want something simple but elegant, and yet I feel like this. Yeah, exactly. It's like, it feels like, almost, you have to go pretty far with this, and then you might as well just integrate a payroll provider directly to it. And then the other side of this is that, well, if you don't do payroll or time tracking, then somebody's going to use a third party service, which is going to end up probably being QuickBooks Online or something like that. Now, then it's like, yeah,

Matthias Miller  29:54
I mean, but what's the issue with them using QuickBooks Online? I mean, you. Yes, they're going to use it for payroll. But really, what you're going to say is, well, I mean, they already, you have this problem, already where you're ready. We already have all our accounting over here. Why would we switch to you guys?

Speaker 1  30:13
Well, and okay, the answer to that is direct integration. Direct integration to every building that you pay for. Direct integration to every income line item that comes into you. You now can, you can and and then being able to do to deep level reporting on a combination of the contract side plus accounting side. So that those are the, those are the three big things that that really push a person to say, I want integrated accounting, because, I mean, like, when we get to the income side of this thing, like, so what's happening now? Like, on every single week, or twice a week, I forget exactly what they're doing, but they're taking exports out of RTO Pro. They're breaking apart regular monthly payments, paid off and paid out like there's, there's about three or four different income channels that money needs to flow into in order to make to match up to to track exactly how your income flows. Most RTO companies are splitting a lot of this stuff in order to match up with depreciation and paid out. And, you know, end of life buildings, and so there's, there is so all that right now is everybody, everybody takes that in lump sums. Is it, you know, once a week lump sum, or twice a week lump sum, and they're doing that splits manually, coming out of RTO Pro, pushing it over into a QuickBooks, or a peach tree or something like that. And you know, whereas if we did this integrated, it just happened, there's no there's no manual pushing around of data. Now it's just

Matthias Miller  31:51
boom. So here's my point. The selling point of, if somebody says, I don't want to switch accounting because I have payroll over here, then that's not because of payroll. That's because your your your integrated accounting pitch isn't strong enough. And I just, I just don't think, practically speaking, anybody who has a head on their shoulders knows that payroll is a is a booger to deal with and and if you're needing something glitzy for the for the owner, well, just leave that part out of the demo, please. But that is why you you hire minions to go do stuff like you don't do accounting, because you hate getting in the weeds and doing minutiae and copying and pasting and whatever needs to happen to make things happen. You do it because you like eyes dotted and T's crossed and methodical, repetitive work.

Speaker 1  32:51
That's fair. You make a strong point. I mean, it's not hard. It's not hard to me in my head to see a sales pitch. You know, customer, potential customer, says, Well, I love this, but why not account? Why not payroll? And just look at them and go because payroll is a minefield, and it will make my my software, twice as expensive. I don't we don't want to get into it. Well, I would just say that,

Matthias Miller  33:14
right? That's very easy, okay, fair enough. It can also just be a straight up. How does this exactly help

Unknown Speaker  33:25
you? Yeah, fair enough.

Matthias Miller  33:34
All right, so to consider maybe sometime down the road. All right, so reconciliation is a little bit of a hurdle, because I think it's okay transaction entry doesn't matter, because almost everything gets entered automatically. And I mean, we can use assist not to exports if people want to use NACHA and issue manufacturer payments on a weekly basis and just generate a notch, get paid.

Unknown Speaker  34:07
Okay? Or you do

Matthias Miller  34:08
ACH integration, or

Speaker 1  34:10
so, why did they, why did they? What was the limitation on I check gateway for doing outbound ACHs. They just wanted to do too many and it was $20,000 limit,

Matthias Miller  34:20
right? I don't know what it was. It was that or fees, which is

Speaker 1  34:24
going to be the same issues that we would have for ACH transactions integrated out found ACH transactions, but I do know that there's quite a number of, I mean, yeah, I think a nacho files is a fair thing to include, like, because one of the things that is, like, we're going to have to have a fairly elegant solution for fast payment of RTO contracts. Because one of the big deals in in the RTO space is speed of payment once you receive that contract, if a dealer issues, if the dealer issues a contract to you, they really would like to see the money. For that contract the next day,

Matthias Miller  35:02
like, literally, in their account, yeah,

Speaker 1  35:04
and so a lot of, a lot of times, with the way that RTO companies handle this, they say, well, we pay once a week, or we pay twice a week, or, you know, I don't think I've ever, ever heard of RTO companies doing paid on receipt just because of the like, that's a lot of pain point. But usually, like, once a week, they'll, they'll pay out so and a lot of times they'll do it by ACH. They'll set that. They'll set up an individual up as a vendor, do ACH credentials. And I don't know if they're, I don't know how they're necessarily doing that, if they're doing it directly from the bank, which I think is probably the way to go, is doing some kind of notch filing to the bank. I mean,

Matthias Miller  35:44
the challenge with that, here's the thing that's obnoxious. It's every day at 5pm or whenever somebody has to log in, approve payments, download the notch file, log into the bank, upload, yeah, but

Speaker 1  35:56
that's already happening. I mean, that's there's no way around that. Is there no,

Matthias Miller  36:02
not without some kind of No, not without e payments of some kind that you can authorize or not unless, not unless, I'm going to guess, manufacturers really would prefer not to be paid by credit card

Unknown Speaker  36:18
either. Yeah, no, yeah, yeah. Wait,

Matthias Miller  36:20
whoa, whoa. I, I don't know if this is a good fit, but I had a talk with a guy last week who works with Discover, and there's a very specific criteria for who this is good for, coming down to the volume, the pay cycle, but this would be perfect where, where you can, you can issue the payment for something, and the people get it immediately. And the company has a 90 day, has a 90 day wait period before they actually pay it off. Which gives which extends your cash flow runway substantially,

Unknown Speaker  37:03
I did not track with that. Explain again. So

Matthias Miller  37:06
where you can issue, and I'm not quite sure if this is straight up a credit card or if it gets processed some other way, but you issue a payment for paying vendors. You pay your vendor. Vendors do you you pay your your vendors, that just sounds like a credit card with a really long, really long time window. I need to go look into this, but it could be something that's interesting in this case, especially if you're prioritizing speed

Speaker 1  37:41
service. Is there no service like through your bank, where you can come up with automatic draws. So an RTO, a vendor, a dealer or manufacturer could submit. You could define what the parameters are for submission, and they just automatically draw.

Matthias Miller  37:59
I have a I have a friend. I met a guy at a Starbucks up in Denver who runs the manufacturing company who customized ODU, and he basically makes his vendors enter invoices into his system so that he can do one click pay. And so there is a way in which we could mean that is, that would be, the interesting thing is, if you would,

Speaker 1  38:29
if you would hang on a second, like, okay, for example, like QuickBooks. Does you know where you can issue a an invoice to be paid, right? There should be some kind of system where someone could log on submit a contract like, okay, hypothetical. Here's the hypothetical, right. You could log on to an only portal. Did I tell you the name of this company

Matthias Miller  38:56
yet you last time you Yeah, okay, yes,

Speaker 1  38:59
okay, you could log on to an only art to only rto.com and go to log in, submit, submit something for payment, and that would automatically generate a a payment link to us, or some, like, some way of transacting this, like, there seems like there should be some kind of service where a vendor could log on, submit an invoice, and it would just automatically pay if they, if they met the, you know, the requirements, like, if you had a signed contract, you had a sales order, like, you could say, chick, chink, chink, these are The things for automatic submission. I don't know.

Matthias Miller  39:42
I mean, here's what I really like about it is if you go to the manufacturer and you say, you can get paid just as fast as you want, and if you put some. Well, maybe there isn't really, maybe there's really nothing you actually need from them in order to issue the payment. And all you need is a contract. Is there anything you need from them to

Speaker 1  40:17
I mean, yes. I mean most RTO companies have like, they require a signed contract, signed completed, totally completed contract, a sales order or some type of invoice from them. Usually, most RTO companies require some kind of delivery, sheet that the building was delivered. Like, those are the kind of things like, a number of documents like that is usually what RTO companies require for submission and payment. And you

Matthias Miller  40:43
would want somebody at the RTO company to confirm that those are actually legitimate documents. Well and

Speaker 1  40:48
see, therein lies the therein lies the details with the devil is, is like if you could come up with a way, like, if there was a system out there that you could set the parameters that says, you know this, this, this and this, if they submit those things, automatically, pay them. Obviously, you know, you'd have to go through some kind of review process and and, you know, there may be, you know, back and forth, but, I mean, I think, for like, we're way off in the weeds on this thing right now, but it's like, I think initially we need to be able to do outbound Ach, I think we have to do a bunch of exploration into platforms that will do it well, you know, is it not to file? Is it, I check gateway? Is it? I don't know, whatever company somebody that will give us a high enough dollar value submission point for an ACH transaction, right? Because it's not uncommon to send 100 some $1,000 you know, for payment. Now you get 12 buildings, or, you know, 15 buildings coming in from a manufacturer like that's chunk of change.

Matthias Miller  41:53
Well, that's where with not your files, if you're gonna have a service that's charging 1% I mean, you can afford to have somebody logging in to upload that notch file, right?

Matthias Miller  42:11
Notch files are just cool now that I understand them, but, but they're not. They're not 100% automated.

Unknown Speaker  42:19
So you submit them to the bank, and is it human

Matthias Miller  42:24
reviewed? No, you download it. The thing that's not automated is you have to download it. You have to log into your bank, you have to click the upload button through whatever mechanism they

Speaker 1  42:33
like. That's still and what's the what's the payment time frame on it? Then same

Matthias Miller  42:40
as Ach, I would assume it's same as ACH.

Matthias Miller  42:53
Can be multiple submission deadlines within the day. I I'm not using same day to put the process by the next business day or up to two business days. Standard a stage transfers generally take one to three business depending on initiation time,

Speaker 1  43:19
because I guess, I guess submitting an option file should be faster than than doing an ACH transaction, because you're not using a third party. You're using directly to your bank, your bank and directly query your bank account for Exactly, yeah,

Matthias Miller  43:34
same day. ACH fees generally range from one to $5 per transaction, but again, for selling,

Unknown Speaker  43:40
what's considered a transaction

Matthias Miller  43:47
is the transaction per line item, ie, per entry in the notch of file, or per notch a file.

Matthias Miller  44:01
Yeah. So. So, I mean, basically, for me, for manufacturer, you're paying, though,

Speaker 1  44:07
so if I'm paying, okay, granted, granted. So if I'm saying, if I'm paying ABC, manufacturer for 15 buildings, that's, that's a single dollar value, yeah, okay,

Matthias Miller  44:20
right. I mean, there's no reason somebody doesn't want 12 transactions for every one

Unknown Speaker  44:25
for each Yeah, I get that. Yeah, yeah. And so that's a, that's

Matthias Miller  44:27
a really cool selling point, like, Dude, we do same you know how cool that is to go to manufacturer and say, but we do same day. We do same day payments. Do all

Unknown Speaker  44:37
banks support this? Or is it

Matthias Miller  44:42
support notch, yeah.

Speaker 1  44:46
Like, if you're working with some little Podunk bank in Millersburg, Ohio, do they support a notch a file

Matthias Miller  44:52
farmers bank does?

Unknown Speaker  44:55
What about CSB? Does? CSB? A commercial

Unknown Speaker  45:04
salesperson, yeah, I think so yes.

Speaker 1  45:21
Nearly all the US, it says nearly all banks do, according to Google, probably according to Gemini i

Unknown Speaker  45:43
Yeah, so, yeah. I mean, here

Matthias Miller  45:45
you go as an example. Oh, this is Cruz dot bank,

Matthias Miller  45:57
using an existing uploading A file just a load

Matthias Miller  46:06
that's screws, making trust. I

Matthias Miller  46:35
many accounting don't include the option to create an ACH file that can be uploaded to CSB, business only banking for processing, which would be a notch file. So I'm gonna guess I would think it's, did you freeze or you just look away? It is the notch file is literally older than I am format so, and it's the standard way, and banks use it intra bank. So when, when the bank, when you upload a notch bank to CSB, it goes and translates that into, okay, now go dividend like, here's my bank, my here's my bank IDs and my bank details. Now go, send the funds in this way to the receiving bank, etc, like, and it goes the whole way through the ACH of the bank network that way. Okay, so if we can do see now outbound payments is drop dead simple, Notch files,

Unknown Speaker  47:36
written checks and written checks. Yes.

Matthias Miller  47:44
I concur. And then now you need to think through, are you gonna use vendor invoices, which you don't have to,

Speaker 1  47:50
yeah, you're gonna have to. You're gonna, yeah, you need to do some kind of vendor invoice. And ideally, ideally, yeah, we want to do some kind of vendor invoice. Ideally you would be able to do kind of like our vendor invoices now, where you could do some sort of like linking in of buildings to pay and and then the free form section for you know all

Matthias Miller  48:14
something like a payment. Yeah?

Matthias Miller  48:23
A payment a payment record.

Speaker 1  48:29
And, okay, what's the talk to me about the benefits of a payment record versus doing a vendor invoice? You're saying you're saying you're going to do some kind of paint record that type

Matthias Miller  48:42
the vendor invoice? Well, I guess, I mean, it's payment or vendor invoice. I don't know if it really matters which one. So

Speaker 1  48:48
the question is, okay, so how are you going to have, like, I guess, I guess if you did just a payment record, then then you would, if you can tie documentation to it, if you can link in buildings, and you can handle non linked transactions. IE, you know, I'm assuming this is the way you would run all expenses. Then you would do a payment record,

Matthias Miller  49:12
right? And then, and then you just say, ACH. And then, you know, in a check you have check number, if, check batch of link if, yeah,

Speaker 1  49:21
I'm fine with that. I'm assuming that you would need to be able to link a GL account. I guess you'd build automatic linking based on buildings that there's been no reason that you want to split buildings off. Maybe you would into, you know, separate GL accounts, but probably not. But then your your free form section, you would need to be able to define your GL account that you're hitting,

Matthias Miller  49:46
right? I mean, some approximation of this, I guess my point is vendor invoice tags in IMS, you're not going to use POS like i. Do you really need

Speaker 1  50:03
RTO Pro does have this concept for POS where you can you can enter a building, you can enter a RTO contract based on a PO. I don't know that. I want to chase this idea. I like the more simplistic approach of you have contracted invoice, you enter it and then run your payment. I Why would we want to do POS?

Matthias Miller  50:30
Well, the moment the contract is signed, it becomes a liability, right? But, but, you know,

Speaker 1  50:39
let's talk about that. I guess. Do we? Do we care about different points of liability? Like, when does something become a liability? Do we need to handle this? Like, do we need to handle having the paper contract in and entered and it not be on the as as a lot? I guess we would have to have some method of this, because the potential exists that if we had direct connection to a software like shed suite, the shed app and a contract was generated, it generated our software to generate like it did all the automatic generation, but we don't become liable for that building until the building is delivered.

Matthias Miller  51:16
Well, it's not revenue, but presumably, presumably unbuilt contracts are an asset

Unknown Speaker  51:28
on your balance sheet, okay,

Matthias Miller  51:30
yes, I don't know. Yes, presumably, presumably, and then at the point that it gets built, delivered, that's that is, that is the sale. That is when, the when, when the company takes ownership hits, AP, yeah, on retrieval, and then, and it goes into rental inventory. And then, if it's retrieved, it moves from rental inventory into, I don't know

Speaker 1  52:06
retrieval, non performing asset, a category. I don't know whatever you want to call that asset,

Matthias Miller  52:11
right? And then if it ends, if it's a little

Speaker 1  52:15
bit we have to come up with a little better, more elegant name for that, but it's basically some sort of non revenue generation category,

Matthias Miller  52:21
yeah, and that can be, you can have a default chart of accounts. People can customize it, but and then at the point that the contract gets paid off, that is, that is the transfer of ownership. That is our actually, hang on, no, that is, isn't it? It's at the point of ownership that we actually, that the revenue actually hits our account. That's that's when the sale of the bill, okay, we buy the building. That's when we take possession upon delivery, and then the sale is no contract completion.

Speaker 1  52:55
Well, okay, not from a tax standpoint. Unfortunately, no, no from a sales tax and an income tax revenue generation that it is, it is, it is considered a, what's the word for this

Matthias Miller  53:15
revenue event at the point of because it's rent to own,

Speaker 1  53:18
yeah, so it is installment sale. It's considered installment sale. So they we're charging sales tax on every like, every monthly payment has its own income tax and its own sales tax. That goes with, okay,

Matthias Miller  53:33
but then if it's an installment sale, so an installment sale, we basically report, so basically, we import revenues immediately upon delivery. But is that? But it's still our asset until that's right,

Speaker 1  53:54
well, and that's what depreciation comes in against. You know, because the RTO companies live and die by that depreciation in order to offset their their their income tax revenue, offset their revenue, right?

Matthias Miller  54:12
Speaking of which, if you can come up with a tax strategy to further reduce, drive down taxes for these by the way, this is what John Angelou should do, get, get these guys to set this up in a self directed IRA.

Unknown Speaker  54:27
Holy cow,

Matthias Miller  54:29
have the RTO managed in a self directed IRA that that is, that's a tax savings, right there. I

Speaker 1  54:44
i that is, you are you are saying words beyond my knowledge? Well, I mean,

Matthias Miller  54:49
it basically means I have a retirement account. And instead of investing in the s, p and in Apple, I'm going to invest into my own LLC or S corp I've got sitting over here, and I can't draw a salary. Right, but I can. I can, like John Angelo is going after this, let's let dealers build their own retirement plan, because nobody's looking out for them. They sell the RTO contract. We'll manage it for them. We'll do the financing and everything. They build their portfolio. And you can literally put it into you can. You can literally shelter it under there so that you can. You can grow it tax free until, until retirement, and maybe he's already thinking, maybe you're

Speaker 1  55:25
correct. I do know, like, okay, foundation bank in Tennessee does this, this RTO sharing thing. So I don't exactly know how the thing works. But like, you can come to them as a, with a, with a, you know, a substantial amount of money, and you can co buy contracts with them, and then you get a share of the profits. Yep, and so which, which goes into this whole other side of things, from the accounting side, is being able to handle investors. I don't know. I don't know how I don't I don't know how investors get handled. I don't know if they're handled as, like, investors versus loans. I don't know how, like, we would handle some of that. Obviously, we have to handle some of that. You know, there's the the capital side of this thing is where I'm, you know, I am very low knowledge on this. Like I said, if you feel like you have a really good grasp on this kind of thing, great. Otherwise, we're probably going to bring some sort of accountant in to really kind of walk us through to him. I think it's,

Matthias Miller  56:30
yeah, I think you should so.

Speaker 1  56:38
I mean, all of that stuff, all that goes over on the balance sheet, which, like I said before, I don't feel like my grasp of a balance sheet is substantially lower than my grasp of a P L, which probably shouldn't be that way. I probably should go learn a balance sheet and understand it just as well as a P and

Speaker 1  57:01
L, yeah. Get to the place like Mark says about Larry Troy, or he can look at a balance sheet and tell you whether you're titled

Matthias Miller  57:08
cash or not. That's pretty simple, actually, but yeah, all right.

Unknown Speaker  57:19
Well, have we explored this sufficiently enough?

Matthias Miller  57:22
I mean, from my mind, okay, let's let me make sure contract pre loading.

Matthias Miller  57:36
So this is nothing special. This is just being able to enter it without saying this is signed, right?

Matthias Miller  57:51
Yeah, that's all there is.

Unknown Speaker  57:52
I don't have my big screen. Unfortunately, I can read this

Matthias Miller  57:55
here. Okay, there you go.

Unknown Speaker  57:59
Okay.

Matthias Miller  58:00
Portal. What phases are? Is this.

Speaker 1  58:06
You have a whole pile of phases in here and and I don't know, Paula portal phase two or three, probably what's what's going into, what's going into two activity tracking, communication logs. Okay, so this is all the sort of the sales integration piece stuff. So

Matthias Miller  58:37
you, you're saying accounting will have to be here, right?

Unknown Speaker  58:42
Argue with me if you think I'm crazy.

Matthias Miller  58:47
Well, I don't know. I would does

Unknown Speaker  58:54
it double the price of it initially? I

Matthias Miller  58:58
don't know if it doubles it. I I don't know. Here's what I would do.

Unknown Speaker  59:15
That's fair.

Matthias Miller  59:20
Okay, so, so that takes care of the accounting piece of it. Holler, Portal, you're saying, so we have phase two activity tracking. Manufacturer software, risk scoring, okay?

Unknown Speaker  59:40
Manufacturer software. What's the manufacturer software

Matthias Miller  59:42
tie into integration with jet suits

Speaker 1  59:48
that needs to go like that needs to be after we do risk scoring and that kind of thing, like some of those, some of those PRI stuff. Is going to be way more valuable than than integrated with some of these other, these other companies.

Matthias Miller  1:00:09
Where does

Speaker 1  1:00:12
we're just honestly, I would, I would prefer to have mobile app stuff and all of that before I would have integration into shed suite or shed app.

Matthias Miller  1:00:29
Where does go? Go

Speaker 1  1:00:33
up to two and three. What's two and three? What's

Matthias Miller  1:00:37
two tracking, risk scoring isn't

Speaker 1  1:00:41
activity tracking and, like, mobile app stuff that that should be sign up, that that should be hand in hand, should it not color portal and mobile app? No, no. Mobile App and and risk, risk tracking, like, that's, that's a key piece too. No, I guess not risk. Never mind.

Matthias Miller  1:01:00
Do you do risk without mobile? Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:01:04
where does hauler portal go? I think it goes.

Matthias Miller  1:01:13
See, does anybody else have a holler? Portal? That's real question. No, so then why not put it down here? Face, face for holler, portal there.

Matthias Miller  1:01:33
My argument just simply being that the analytics is clearly what got Jonathan lit up and so

Speaker 1  1:01:41
analytics and accounting integration, yeah, yeah. And when I talk to another RTO company, where competitors here in town, accounting, like, if I want to go charge the money I want to charge for the software, accounting sells it right? It's a hard sell. It, it's a hard sell at 1% it so. And Riddle me this, what do you think about the idea of some of this, some of these pieces that we have here becomes tiered pricing. Yeah, think it's fair. And okay, so Let's hypothetically say a company says, Look, I want to go, let's go. Tier one is, like half a percent of revenue, or a point two, five of revenue, and you get just core RTO. Yep, okay. For the sake of this argument, half a percent is core RTO. Core RTO plus accounting is 1% Yep, like, okay, so how does that like it when we talk about instances or like, like, when you have multiple clients that have run their instances, how do you do that? From a deployment standpoint,

Matthias Miller  1:02:51
there's two ways to do this. The cleanest way, well, okay, path one is Mr. Potato Head. So you literally, literally, literally do not have these features or these fields if you don't have this functionality. What is the upside and what's the downside? The upside is, well, your software design is clean. It requires you to think through plan A, plan B, plan C, and and like it just draws really clean lines. What's the downside? Well, you got to roll out a system update. If you want to turn on new features, if they want to upgrade to accounting, you got to push an update. Option B is, you send them all the features they're just turned off. What's the upside? Well, you can turn them off on and off at will. Their data stays around. If they turn off accounting, they can turn it back on and still have everything. The downside is you just have to be a lot more mindful and conscious when you're developing about well, do they have this feature? What happens if they don't have this feature?

Speaker 1  1:04:05
I guess that ties into this whole conversation. But one of the things we haven't really talked about yet is, as the as the managing company, how do you if you have a whole bunch of these instances out there in varying states of features on and off? How do you, how do you keep track of that? Like, just, is there, like, one software that talks to all of these instances and it sucks in data? Do we just build, you know, API links between those that instance and the main instance? Like, what's, what's the elegant solution here?

Unknown Speaker  1:04:42
Well,

Matthias Miller  1:04:47
I'm going to assume, what is the elegant solution. I.

Matthias Miller  1:05:00
I mean, isn't the elegant solution? Just not actually that elegant. Like, Well, are you guys, you're not going to have login access to these systems, right? Well,

Speaker 1  1:05:13
may or may not, I guess. I guess, like, this is one of the other things I've been rolling around in my head on trying to figure out how we're going to solve is that, to some degree, you kind of need access to but yet, is there a way to Chinese firewall, this thing to say, Yes, I can get in and I can see what's what parts and pieces and systems you're using. I can build reports for you, but I just can't see any your data. Like, is there a way to do that or or do it? Is it literally, like, if you need me to come into your software, you turn my user on and let me in, and, you know, as soon as I'm done and out, you turn me back off. But then it's this whole question of, well, then how do you, how do you know what's like, what to build them for well,

Matthias Miller  1:06:02
and I mean, the challenge with building reports without access to data is it's really hard to get the reports right. Yeah. And then you also have, if you end up building the reports, that's great, but maintainability becomes an issue. Do you? Are you okay? Your support costs are going to go up. The more, the more you spin up user reports for your clients.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:32
Explain that well,

Matthias Miller  1:06:40
if we need to change the data model for some reason. I mean, we have this happening in assist. You have a user report, all of a sudden it stops working. It breaks well. Why did it break? Well, because we looked through all the standard components and we fixed everything, made sure everything's working. But we can't fix all the user reports, and it's more important to make the change than to keep the reports working. And so that.

Speaker 1  1:07:01
But, I mean, that's, that's part of the, I mean, I feel like, to a degree, that's part of a given, in that, you know, the upside to the whole User Report Engine is that you can go build your own reports. The downside is you can go build your own reports. Like, I mean, to double it's, really is a double edged sword, but at the same time, it's like, I live and died by that double edged sword. I mean, I am, you know, all the time. You know, building stuff, searching stuff. I mean, I become so lazy anymore. It's like, I want to know something, I just go write something to get it. It's like, it's almost like, rather than, depending on where I'm at, it's like, it's almost faster sometimes to go pack something up and make it do what I want than to figure out something that actually is there that that's supposed to do it.

Matthias Miller  1:07:47
So, I mean, a very simple way around this is to do some form of screen sharing or or you could also build in some kind of I want to let Dwayne use my software so you have a user account, and they have a button that they can they basically just enable and disable your user account, and you share your screen while you're doing it, so that they know exactly what you're saying and what you're doing, and that they can Turn off access to you whenever they need to do

Speaker 1  1:08:23
uh, well, it'll be this. Is there, like as a poor a part of the core data model? Is there a way to say there is an export that, you know, we as a part of this, there's always an export that runs and sends off emails, off data to us about core pieces on billing, and if we have to, if, if you know, if the point comes where it's like, well, we need more, more knowledge about what they're using then, like, it can literally be that easy. It's like, once a month, there's a scheduled task that runs and shoots off data to to us by email that says, you know, company A This was their revenue, and these are the the features they're using,

Matthias Miller  1:09:05
yes. Or you could do that via yes you could, yes you could, and just make that part of the setup process where there's a scheduled test that gets set up, that emails

Speaker 1  1:09:17
it out, yeah, yeah. I mean, that would be the very low tech solution.

Matthias Miller  1:09:25
I mean, as a starting point, that's fine, and then as we build up from there, I mean, we do something similar. We Josh is something similar for user accounts, where he runs the report, sucks out user count, stores them in a database, and he kind of has this meta database where everything gets stored, or we do. But I mean, is that a great long term solution? Yes, short term. I mean, just do it maybe quite yet,

Speaker 1  1:09:49
I didn't understand it that necessary. Yeah. I mean, it's, it's kind of it to me, it feels a little bit like, let's cross that. Is when we start building software. Ideally, I would like to build enough trust with a client that they don't care if I'm, you know, have access to their system, right? But it is. It

Speaker 1  1:10:18
literally comes up in almost every single conversation I ever have with an RTO company. Is like, are you? Company is like, are you going to have access to our data? And it's like, I really want to look at them and honestly say that's up to you, and yet still be able to get the information that I want and still be able to say, you know, they call me up and say, Hey, this is not working, or that's not working. It's like, there should be a more elegant and then maybe it's that I don't know, we should have some kind of elegant way that says, Okay, go, push this button, and now I can get in

Matthias Miller  1:10:49
well. And I think there totally can be. You can have a support menu option that we hard code your support email address, or we have a support user group, and only, we ship an only user group, and we have an enabled disabled support and and it enables and disables, or some kind of methodology to to, I don't know. I mean, you, you have a request support or something, and, I mean, okay, here's a very simple example. You can have a request support button that enables your user access, and then you have a nightly scheduled task that disables your user account. And so yeah, button to enable user access with scheduled tasks to automatically disable only is it home to L Y, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:11:50
No, it's that's not it o w n l y,

Matthias Miller  1:11:53
o w n l y, I,

Matthias Miller  1:12:06
but then there's also way people do screen sharing, like, you know, a team viewer, or whatever the remote support tool is that you end up using, where you could say, all right, hit up this website and and click request support. I'll just take over your screen. You can watch what I do. I

Speaker 1  1:12:23
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:12:36
I'd really like to know how, how b2 cloud does this. So b2, clouds a server based, cloud based server that we run RTO pro in right now, and they have this, they have this thing as a part of the of the service that you go, click it, and it generates a URL. You give that URL to anybody, they directly have access to your screen immediately. And then obviously you can kick them out, yep, obviously, that's some sort of remote access, you know, baked into their Yeah, their server. You don't have anything like that, do you?

Matthias Miller  1:13:16
No, I don't think banks would take too kindly to it. You're 100% Yeah. Cross, crossing a few boundaries there. Yeah, compliance on that would be

Unknown Speaker  1:13:27
a little bit hard, wouldn't

Speaker 1  1:13:30
it? But I mean, like in desk or team viewer, like they have, they have stuff like, if you have a particular type of account, you can bake that directly into a URL in the software, and it's just like, click this, and, you know, go through this authentication and boom, it just automatically generated for me. And here's

Matthias Miller  1:13:47
what you would do, is you would have only that your only, what's your, what's your

Unknown Speaker  1:13:53
only rto.com

Matthias Miller  1:13:55
Okay? Or only rto.com only, right? I'm so sorry. Only rot.com

Speaker 1  1:14:07
Do not make fun of my simple website. Me and grok built this thing. Oh, no, sorry. It was, I think it was not, not gross. What was it?

Matthias Miller  1:14:17
Huh, lovable.

Speaker 1  1:14:19
No, shoot. What's the one I use? Anyway? There's a there's a coding

Unknown Speaker  1:14:28
I have. What was it?

Matthias Miller  1:14:30
Replit,

Unknown Speaker  1:14:32
no,

Matthias Miller  1:14:34
doesn't matter. So we just hard code a link to only dot, only rto.com/support, and then you could point that out to Team your whatever the magic URL is to generate that thing and, and, I mean, you can have that within. You can have a support tab with a request remote access, or a or a, enable, enable, remote support. And you. Select the user.

Speaker 1  1:15:06
I mean, obviously you would want it to be some sort of admin, you know, highest level of admin user, right? Temporarily possible, something like that, yeah, something like that, some way like ideally, what I want to say is, you know, hey, Mr. RTO company, you have two options. You can give me 100% access as a user in your system, and I can come in there help you build reports anytime you want. Or you can just, you know, request a support whenever you have an issue. Otherwise, I can't, I can't access your system, your system, your system will report the information that we need in order to bill you. And

Matthias Miller  1:15:46
that's it, yeah. And so you have, I mean, you have three support tiers, um, three support tiers, full access day passes,

Unknown Speaker  1:15:57
and, and you're on your own,

Matthias Miller  1:15:59
on your own,

Speaker 1  1:16:01
slash, well, you're, you're on your own, and it's a per instance payment, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:16:14
All right. You happy?

Speaker 1  1:16:19
I think so. I mean, do you feel like we're missing anything? Is there anything that's just like screaming like we haven't talked about

Matthias Miller  1:16:27
I mean, the thing that could the one thing that could be useful is if you have a comprehensive list of reports and analytics that Jonathan wants to see. Boy, those would be nice to have.

Speaker 1  1:16:37
Yeah, one of them, one of the ones I started working on in a spreadsheet that we're going to want to do. And I love this one, and it really, really needs, oh, man, I just get giddy about this. But revenue projections report that you you can do, you can go based on term length, average point of payoff, average point of repo like you can build based on all the data in your system. You can build pretty comprehensive projections like you could tell that. You could tell the report, I want to buy 100 buildings with an average cash price of $7,500 and I want to know, you know, based on all of my data history, the amount of 24 month contracts I've bought 36 month contracts. I bought 4860 month like, what are the percentages of each category? And it just automatically projects out for each type of category, right out into the future based on all your historical payoff and income generation and repo generation, dude, I have started building this thing in a in a spreadsheet. It is kicking my behind because it is complex, and it's like, you know what? If all this data was, like, directly it because I started, I started. I called Jonathan, I called J mag, like, I started asking for, like, here's an SQL string from RTO Pro. Go run this thing, and it tells me. It tells me, when, like in history, how like the length, the term, length of contract. When did it start? When did it end? And that was that was paid out. Only I didn't, I didn't run this on repos. I wish I would have now, but to be able to do, based on history, do revenue projections, and ideally, we could get as deep in this thing as you want to, and say, you know, based on, do you pay, you know, what kind of expenses do you want to include in this? Like,

Matthias Miller  1:18:34
right? What's your fixed overhead? And, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:18:39
like, if you, if you if you pay a management company or not, or, you know, you know, you know, depending on how we want to go about this. But like, you could build accurate revenue projections on the per term length of contracts that you have historically bought over you know, the course of this company, you can project out and say, you know, here we go. Like, I expect to make you know this in year one, this in year two, this in year three. The other one that I really, really want to do is be able to run historical like right now in RTO pro there is a an information data point somewhere that says, based off of all payoffs, what's the average point of payoff. Well, that is a very deceptive number, because it's like, well, as I started to dig into this revenue projections, I said, Well, hang on a second, I want to know what my average point of payoffs on 24 month contracts are. What are the 36 and 48 and 60 month contracts? What's the point? What's the average point of payoff? And then also, I really want to know what is my average point of repo, where, in the time frame of this is my average point of repo, right? It's that kind of it's that kind of reporting Matthias, that nobody, like everybody in RTO pro world right now, goes and dumps data into a spreadsheet to get that information. Yeah, exactly. And, you know, chat, you. Has made it 10 times easier to do this now, because I was, I literally had to feed into I said, I want to write SQL strings. And I, you know, started to give it some of the data fields in RTO, pro, well, not every database uses the same syntax for SQL strings. And so then I had to tell I had to refine it, and say, Oh no, okay, this is a Firebird database. And so okay, it was like, but eventually I got to the point where, you know, I was writing way more complex SQL strings than you know that it's currently in RTO Pro, and it's but like being able to do that natively in the software. Oh yeah, giddy. Yeah, get giddy.

Matthias Miller  1:20:43
Well, and add to that, by the way, side note, one of my dreams is to somehow tie rag into I don't know what all this would take, but tie rag into silver limb at a fairly generic level. You know how awesome that would be, like a basically retrieval system for AI tools?

Speaker 1  1:21:02
Yeah? Where you could give native access to something like perplexity, or to like

Matthias Miller  1:21:08
your cloud or something, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:21:09
and you could, you could say, Well, okay, literally, let me ask you, this is it? Is it literally possible that you could say, here's the language, hey, hey, chat, GPT, I want to read, write a report that tells me this, and it just goes

Matthias Miller  1:21:23
and does it. I think, as it was enough, well, I don't know, it's a little tricky. I think with enough of the the challenge is, you need to feed it enough details about the format, the actual file format of the report until we get to the point of agents. Now the point of agents, and that completely changes. And it's like, read my screen and build a report, but,

Speaker 1  1:21:56
oh man, there's as far as analytics and reports and so on and so forth. There's so much that bubbles to the top when I start thinking about this, that we would want to go build, I mean, complex stuff that, that you can that everybody goes off and doesn't spreadsheets right now, it's like, okay, you know, and, and if you're a spreadsheet wizards, great, like, why not just have this? And ideally, what I really want to do is I want to, I want to onboard every single client and say, Tell me this to the kind of stuff that you really want to know. And that becomes, like, the the the feedback that we go build stuff, cool reporting tools, and just say, Okay, coming out on the next, you know, update you're we're going to have, we're going to have this, this, this, and this and this, and you're going to be able to, you know, do this

Speaker 2  1:22:45
kind of stuff with it, yep. Oh, by the way,

Speaker 1  1:22:49
if you pay for the extra support plan, we probably can go figure this one out on a user basis, and you can start testing it and playing with it long before, before everybody else. Yeah, exactly.

Matthias Miller  1:23:02
All right, so I mean, are there any other analytic reports you're thinking of? Well, I mean, what would a phase B for this? Is this phase 1c or is this, like, Who knows when? Okay,

Speaker 1  1:23:15
well, ideally, what's going to end up happening is we're going to build core, core RTO and, like, we're going to have to have, you know, a lot of the same types of reports that RTO Pro has. So you're going to, you know, you're going to be able to do contract reporting, you're going to be able to look up customers. You're going to be able to, you know, things like contract balances and contract payoff points. And like, there's a lot of very simple data information that we're going to have to have just as a part of normal operations of the of the RTO software. But then I think what I want to do is, as we on, you know that I'm going to go off and start building stuff, and I'm going to start asking for for things that I'll have to then pay for, and not have assist insight pay for, which is going to be a part of my pocketbook, but it's like, oh, well, you know. But it's like, as we go, as these things start to come into mind, you know, we, you know, we have a set or a you or somebody go and whip up, you know, one of these things, and we test it, and we run it, we change it, we, you know, we fiddle with it. We until we really, really like it. And then it's like, you know, you pass it to another user that you really like, you know, another instance, and go Here, try this thing, play with it, tell me if you really like it and what you don't like about and then that becomes just kind of the methodology that we just sort of organically start to bring really cool tools to The software. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:24:39
makes sense to me, all right. And the pricing that you're really looking at is, what is a whole, whole enchilada cost, and what does phase one cost?

Speaker 1  1:24:51
I think, what the what I really want to know. There's a couple key things I really want to know. If we started tomorrow and went like mad and. And built as fast as feasibly possible. What's the what's the whole enchilada going to cost? The second thing that I need to wrap my hands around is, what is going to be the ongoing costs that will be associated, like with every instance of the software. Because I have to start building, I have to start building projections to say, what is, what are going to be the costs of just running all of this on a per like, let's, let's say we have, for example, 30 clients, okay, and you know if each one of those 30 clients is using some level of the software, and you know, does if they turn one tool offer on and off, does that cost me more as the as the operating company of all of this, or does it not like, there's just a lot Of like, I

Matthias Miller  1:26:21
um, fair enough, including shared subscriptions.

Speaker 1  1:26:26
Yeah, yeah. I what, ideally, what I want to get with Ellis on and really wrap my hands around, what's it going to cost to build? What's it going to cost to maintain? Obviously, the main maintenance side of this thing is going to depend on how many, you know, instances were running, but, I mean, we got to come up. I got to come up with a way to project a business plan for this. It's all great and fun. If you know, I want to go build software, but it's going to have to make money. I know, I know. Ideally I'd like to make a lot of money.

Matthias Miller  1:27:02
Well, you make money. We make money. I mean, you do the project, we make money. That's really the real thing.

Speaker 1  1:27:12
Oh, and the other thing I really would probably want to know is, what like, how does like, if we have this company called only RTO, only, only rto.com, or whatever, like, how does like? How does that work with silver loom like, you're another company over here that that basically builds and holds the database software. Like, what does that integration look like? I heard you use things like solutions, partners. I like, I kind of need to get a map of, like, what is this? How does this work?

Matthias Miller  1:27:45
Yeah, so and, and, I think, I think, you know, part of that may be that is a that is a big conversation. You're probably one of very few people who gets a shot at becoming a solution provider.

Matthias Miller  1:28:02
But one of the advantages of that is that you could white label your billing and, or, I mean, this could happen regardless, but, but you can have a base fee and a per user fee. Or you could hide the per user fee and and just eat whatever you know, all that stuff like, but, but we could generate your monthly invoices for you and manage payments and payouts software. And then

Speaker 1  1:28:31
I mean, there is other questions that I have, and I know that I am going to, I am going to try to gray the line really hard between what I'm allowed to do and what I'm not allowed to do. But you know, ideally it would be, I know that everybody's going to run away, run away screaming, but it like, it would be really, really like, if I've got a broken standard report, and I know the simple fix for it would be really nice to be able to fix that report. I know

Matthias Miller  1:29:00
data reports, no, I'm sorry, but I think, but, but at the point you're running 3030 instances on here, you'll, well, I mean, I think it'll happen regardless, but at the point that you're running 30 instances on here, you'll undoubtedly have our attention, yeah, so sorry. I mean, what you can do, though, is you could see, you could do a Save As and you could fix the report, send it to investor tools and say, Hey, can someone please, please review that, drop it into the standard folder and review it. Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:29:34
And, you know, I do this all the time now, like, there are so many times, like something on the standard reports not working right? Like, I'm dumping it over into a user report, and we're using that. We're like, business continues on and but at the same time, you know if, if I'm running 3040, instances, clients like, we're going to have to have some way of, like, time frame of. Service or something like that. I need to know. I need to, like, if I've got a client that's something's not working, I need to be able to tell that client I will have you back up and running by x point in time. Well, and

Matthias Miller  1:30:10
I mean, typically, SLAs depend on on business disruption. So we need to define, um, what the SLA levels are and what the time, time frame is, obviously. So client, client down we What's it? What's the SLA service level agreement? So basically means up time, and how fast do we get back to you if something's wrong? So, so client down is, I mean, typically we're on it. We had the situation with insight, where it took Josh half a day to find the problem

Speaker 1  1:30:49
was that the one where is that the one where it was like spitting out

Matthias Miller  1:30:53
the denial of service or whatever it was, I don't, I don't know.

Speaker 1  1:30:57
I thought you're referring to the one where it was like emailing vendors madly for like, all day, Sunday, 500 some emails, and

Matthias Miller  1:31:03
maybe, I'm not sure, but, but whichever one ended up so, so we're we typically are on it within the hour, and we've got monitoring to see whether things are on, and often get Things really fixed within an hour. But then there's other things too, where it's like non critical issues, and that's where, that's where,

Speaker 1  1:31:30
that's where, that's where Dwayne and Amish builders think everything's a critical issue

Matthias Miller  1:31:37
well, and so just to be fully candid and transparent. My biggest fear in this whole thing is you're so good at whipping up user reports if we're asked to, and I think probably this has to come down to time and materials thing, if we're asked to come in behind you and clean things up. Or, you know, imagine having, having, yeah, each user system has 30 customer user reports, and now we want to go build a standard version. Well, how's that going to work? Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:32:04
no. I mean, that's and that's fair, and I think that, like, I think there needs to be some clarity on, on that upfront, on, you know, because obviously there is a balance between messes and keeping things moving. Sure, because, yeah, I mean, I imagine like I had to go, if I had to go clean up, assist the user folder right now, I just want to be like, I'm just going to start archiving all kinds of things. Just be like, oh, sorry if this has been used in how long? Never mind you aren't getting anymore. Wait, I was using that thing, yeah, but you haven't used in a very long time,

Matthias Miller  1:32:44
yeah? I mean, I think, I think, I mean, what would be ideal is if, if, as part of your support process, you have a follow up, close out, like, if you're creating a custom report, a user report, that there's some kind of tail on it that, but that's that's a you process, not in our process. And I think ultimately, if we end up maintaining user reports, I think this, the basic expectation probably is going to end up being, you want to create them, and you want to deal with them when they break the and you want to help get them to us. If you want to build a standard version that's on you, and if you need our help, that's time and materials will be scheduled on critically, generally,

Speaker 1  1:33:22
no. I mean, I guess the My biggest concern in this, in this conversation, is I don't want to kill a key selling point, because one of the key selling points is the User Report Engine. It's like, I You wait. You mean, I can go learn the syntax of this thing, if I just go spend enough time and I can write my own stuff. Well, I mean, hello, I, you know, I'm working with this with assist now for four years, and I don't like, I can't imagine being in, in a position where I can't go get the data I want.

Unknown Speaker  1:33:56
Yeah. So, yeah, all right,

Matthias Miller  1:34:04
good. Well, I will

Speaker 1  1:34:06
actually let me ask you this, do you have any functionality in the system for limiting the number of user reports that a client is allowed? Like, like, can you, could you? Could you literally do good. Is there a way to say, well, with your service package, you're allowed 100 user reports after that you can't build anymore. You got to get rid of one in order to build

Matthias Miller  1:34:31
another. No, but you could, you could, you could. We could build, okay, if you can persuade Josh that he wants to do this kind of pricing, we could write a process by which, as part of our nightly scrape of how much are you using the system, I would love this for assist, by the way, because it would incentivize us to we would exclude CCI employees or silver loom people, because you should be charged for that and you don't get charged for those user you. Those user accounts anyway, but it would say how many users are there and how many user reports are there, and you get x number, and then there's a price per additional user report. And I would love to have assist do that, because it incentivizes them to all right Mark's going through this stuff, through this invoice, and he's tired of seeing this line item for, like, we're paying for these user reports. This is dumb, like, can we get rid of them? Now, I'm not saying we

Speaker 1  1:35:23
do that. Can we please get back under the threshold of, you know, X number of user reports per

Matthias Miller  1:35:29
per user like it? Yeah, and you could, you could have a, you could have something like, we allow this many shared, shared user reports. Or, I don't know, I don't know exactly what it is that's contingent on Josh building it out, there's not really a, it'd be more a we're going to bill you after than saying we're going to lock you out.

Speaker 1  1:35:50
Okay, okay, so, so ideally, we come up with it. That's actually kind of cool. So you basically say, okay, each user gets 10 custom user reports. If it's in your if it's in your personal folder, it counts as as your own custom user report. If it's in a shared folder, the company gets 2550, I don't know, make up a number, and if you know that's included in the base price. If you, if you go over that, we start invoicing you per per number of user reports over that. Yes,

Matthias Miller  1:36:19
we also have permissions that can disable access to report and graph settings. And so if you wanted to have a tier for user reports or support model, you could say, you turn off that setting for for client users, and then they have to go through turn

Speaker 1  1:36:35
it off. I really like the idea. It's like, you know, if you get someone who who learns the language and starts becoming prolific. It's like, there's, there's a there's a tension that starts to happen. It's like, well, yeah, you know, we spend an extra $300 this month because of these user reports. Can we please go back and trim them

Unknown Speaker  1:36:53
down? Right?

Matthias Miller  1:36:56
It's somewhere between having it be, yeah, and I don't know how you draw the line. Maybe it creates a governor for it, right? It does create a governor for it, and it does actually reflect support cost and support burden. That's the nice thing.

Speaker 1  1:37:11
Yeah, I like that. I like that a lot.

Matthias Miller  1:37:15
And by the way, we have these periodic emails that go out. I mean, you could then have a, I mean, if we, if we could have a master record, I don't know if, but it's very common for it. And investor tools sent out an email and saying, this, this, this NAS driver, whatever it is, is filling up. And here are the folders, and here are the biggest offenders. And, and why do you have a terabyte of data sitting in this thing? Can you please go clean it out and it goes out to all the big space users. I mean, if you had that kind of a thing too, where you could say, Dwayne really, like, do you really have to have 1000 user reports?

Speaker 2  1:37:52
Yes, I do. It's because I'm too lazy to go back and clean them up exactly, exactly,

Matthias Miller  1:37:56
anyway. But

Speaker 1  1:37:58
you know, you know, every once in a while, I go into a folder and I was like, I open one up. Well, that thing doesn't work. Okay, wait a minute, if that thing's been broken for this amount of time, nobody has anything archive it. It's like, times I've gone into a folder and it's like, wait a minute, that's not working, that's not working, that's not working, that's not working. Archive, archive, archive. Like, yeah, no, I do. I really do like the idea that you like this, this with the base, like, with your subscription, you get x number of user reports, whether it's, you know, maybe it's, maybe it's, you know, X number of personal and shared or maybe it's just all user reports, you just get X number, and if you go over that, we charge you

Matthias Miller  1:38:42
Well, I think it, I think it should be shared, because you can have personal user users that that you share with. I mean, there's no real enforcement to say otherwise. I can have a dozen reports in my folder and just give people a blank like, yeah, yeah, exactly. I really like this from a I should. I should pitch this too,

Speaker 1  1:39:07
Josh, you actually should, because HubSpot does this, like with, with our HubSpot account, we get 100 custom reports, yep. And I mean, we bumped up to that against that in a heartbeat, you know. But it's like you can't go make another one until, unless you upgrade your account or now, I mean, that part I would, I kind of think it would be kind of cool to have, is to say you can't, like, you have to go pay for this next subscription level in order to have more custom reports. I mean, the other way is, we just start, I kind of, I wish there was a hard lock on it so that you can't, you know, you don't start incurring costs unintentionally. Yep, unintentional cost incursion. It gets a little bit dicey. But, like, how hard, like, from a platform standpoint, how hard would it be to put a limit on the amount of of. User reports based on a subscription level. Would it be like, is that a major, that's pretty much a pretty major platform change?

Matthias Miller  1:40:08
I'm sorry, one more time to do it from a platform. Like,

Speaker 1  1:40:11
if you said, We love this idea, let's go implement this cross, you know, the platform. How hard is it to, like, put up, like, a hard limit, like, once you reach a certain point you can't make any more user reports unless you, you know, change your subscription level.

Matthias Miller  1:40:24
I mean, platform level, very unlikely to happen. But what you could do,

Unknown Speaker  1:40:31
I don't know,

Matthias Miller  1:40:38
yeah, and I think it's very unlikely to happen.

Speaker 1  1:40:41
Okay, the other way you do this is, is, is there, could you have a some sort of scheduled task, something or other, that runs, evaluates how many user reports are, and sends out an email if they start reaching a certain

Matthias Miller  1:40:54
level? Well, we could have a nightly process that pushes it into into our internal billing system, and yes, we could then field what their current tier is, and field when they're exceeding that tier.

Speaker 1  1:41:07
And you just like, before they hit the tier level, you start sending out emails that says, Hey, by the way, if you don't start, if you don't start limiting the amount of user reports that you have, we're going to start billing you for this extra amount,

Matthias Miller  1:41:17
right? But why do you even need to tell them? Because you don't tell them about users. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:41:23
it's the unintentional, it's the unintentional cost incursion that that gets obnoxious. Imagine, imagine an RTO company, and you've got, you know, 40 employee, you know, 40 users on the on the system, and, you know, oh, actually, no, this is how you do it. You say, for every user, you get x amount of user reports. So if you add another user, which is going to cost, like, like, I don't know how that would exactly work, but it's like, if you have, if you have 10 users, you get, you know, 100 reports. If you get, if you've got 20 users, you've got 200 reports. So I don't know that would be the easiest way to do it. Say each user comes with an X amount of user reports, and then I have to charge per user.

Matthias Miller  1:42:15
Well, I mean, then that's we we currently charge per user, because it's the best approximation of load and demand that we have. And so you can, you can just eat that out of the subscription fee. But if you, I mean, do you?

Speaker 1  1:42:36
Well, most likely, the way I'm going to do this probably, is you have a base plus percentage, so a base covers X amount of users. And, you know, in order to kind of minimize that load and stabilize some of that cost, and I don't know, I this is where I want to toss a lot of ideas around with Ellis to just see, you know, from a pricing model standpoint,

Unknown Speaker  1:43:02
I Yep,

Unknown Speaker  1:43:05
all right, we're over. We're over our 90 minutes.

Unknown Speaker  1:43:12
Anything else, I don't

Speaker 1  1:43:14
think so. So next steps on this, you send this off to Ellis, and then I get in contact with him. Ellis

Matthias Miller  1:43:20
and I are going to talk it through. Yeah, okay, cool. Sweet. Appreciate it. Thank

Unknown Speaker  1:43:25
you, sir. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai