Unknown Speaker  00:18
Hey, good morning there, Michael. Good morning. Usually when you do it

Unknown Speaker  00:28
being fabulous this morning.

Unknown Speaker  00:30
Nice. Glad to hear it

Unknown Speaker  00:46
how's the weather up there this morning?

Unknown Speaker  00:49
Pretty good. It's chilly. No more snow. Mmm

Speaker 1  00:54
hmm. You must have missed that boat load that went up to Buffalo.

Unknown Speaker  00:57
We did. Yeah, we did. That was wild. I have never, I've never heard of that much snow in one place at one time, like 6070 inches of snow.

Unknown Speaker  01:14
Just amazing.

Speaker 1  01:15
But that sounded pretty, pretty wild. It seems like maybe experiencing that. Just one time in a lifetime would be sort of interesting. Maybe just,

Unknown Speaker  01:23
yeah, I bet.

Speaker 1  01:26
Just on power doesn't go out. You don't run out of food. It would be sort of fun. Maybe for a week,

Speaker 2  01:32
right? You could go skiing everywhere if you needed to get around, or snow shoes. I do have a memory from a child that I grew up in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. And I do remember as a little girl, there was a bad bad snowstorm one year. And I remember my dad opening up our roll up garage, and the snow being higher than my head. But I was a little little girl. I could have been you know, maybe two and a half three foot tall. But overnight, it did snow. Like you know, big dump, like they experienced in Buffalo. And I remember thinking, wow, this is really cool. Wow. And I'm sure my parents didn't think so at the time.

Unknown Speaker  02:16
How long were you snowed in?

Speaker 2  02:18
I don't recall. I was so young. I just remember this. You know, the garage. Oh, rolling up and it's just white wall. It's crazy. Yeah. I don't know. I'd have to how are you doing? Tori.

Speaker 3  02:39
I'm doing well. The weather here is about 40 degrees. I get cold pretty easily. So that's cold to me. But I couldn't imagine living out there where it's snowing all that well. And that's known all the time, but much colder in here. For sure. Yeah.

Speaker 1  03:01
Yeah. What's interesting from yesterday that went on any interesting things happen in connecting with customers?

Speaker 2  03:12
Absolutely. So it one interesting thing was the volume. We had a load of customers waiting for contacts that came in over the weekend, both Tory and I. So that was exciting. There was quite a few folks that were interested. The text messaging seems to be a really great way of getting people to respond in comparison to calling their phone and leaving a voicemail. So I definitely noticed a good, you know, back and forth communication with folks using that new text messaging process. So that was a great thing about you, Tori. What did you notice?

Speaker 3  03:57
Yeah, so I actually had a guy respond to text message. He said, can't talk right now. But my wife is going to call you. And she called me immediately. And we had a really good conversation. And they were super interested. And we're discussing the RTO right now. But I am seeing the text messaging pick up a little bit. So that's good. That's been good to see.

Speaker 2  04:20
I did send out to guests invoices proactively through Docusign. So that would be you know, the clients to different clients affirming the details on their building. And then we'll go through that same process for their RTO. So hope hoping that they sign those here before the holiday. So we can get those in the pipeline.

Unknown Speaker  04:47
Sure. Good. It's great to hear.

Speaker 3  04:50
Yeah. I know domains. Last week on RTO so do we not have to upload it anymore in DocuSign I will go straight to the customer through

Unknown Speaker  05:04
the configurator. Just to make sure I was understanding his message correctly.

Unknown Speaker  05:13
It's a good question Tori.

Unknown Speaker  05:15
I need to go back and reread that.

Unknown Speaker  05:20
Okay. It looks like they still sign it

Speaker 2  05:36
I'm just looking at that note from Dwayne, going back through that. Follow.

Speaker 3  05:47
I'll ask him a few follow up questions. And make sure you're in that message, too.

Unknown Speaker  05:53
Thank you.

Speaker 2  05:58
Yeah, that does seem based on what he's updating, it seems more self serve for the client would handle that signature, and then it would

Unknown Speaker  06:13
wonder how you're notified when they've signed?

Speaker 2  06:19
Yeah, if you don't mind Tory starting kind of a quick conversation there on the logist. That, that was?

Unknown Speaker  06:27
Yeah, I'll do that. For sure. I need some clarity myself. Yeah.

Speaker 1  06:31
Are you talking about the E sign on? RTO? Yes, we're on the Yeah. Okay. I know, they're just getting rolled it out. And Wayne, yes, we'll be the one that knows all about that. They've been toying around that. And well, programming, do programming for that for probably two months now, and then getting ready to roll it out. So it's right at that point, and Dwayne will have all those answers. Okay. And I know that the whole, the whole thrust behind that is trying to make that whole process, especially for online customers to go easy and smooth. And to be able to sign that quickly, easily without being present a little different for customers that are sitting in front of you at the desk, and just slide the paper and sign here. You know, work pretty easy, but for

Unknown Speaker  07:36
right now, those things out a little bit.

Unknown Speaker  07:41
Mean should have a little sensor for?

Unknown Speaker  07:45
Yeah, that's good.

Speaker 1  07:50
I had a question. Sort of shifting gears just a little bit? Or was there still questions on that? No, I think we're.

Speaker 1  08:03
So I wanted to just maybe discuss a little bit the these ideas we had been. We had well, we talked about this a little bit yesterday. And on the satisfaction guarantees the three versions. I really in thinking about this. And conversing a little bit with Matthias as well. It seems like he pointed out that there are two different kinds of companies, you have followers, and then you have leaders. And we need to choose which one we want to be. And it seems like if we just always listen to what other companies are doing, and try to also do it, we are a follower for sure. And be a leader sometimes you have to think outside the box a little bit and push the limits a little bit, take on some risk and do some testing to get there and look for things that other companies uncomfortable to do. And that's going to be our niche and something we can advertise to have a mafia offer to wear doesn't want to turn it down. They can't turn it down. Neither does the competition want to do it because it makes them edgy. So I think we're maybe on the path to something here to use it as our message. This is our message like the first message like this is who we are trying to defer or separate ourselves. And yes, I know you've been doing one and two already and I appreciate that. I think it's great. I like to keep trying to push these

Speaker 2  09:57
I like to caves approach Michael in kind of holding it back. And you mentioned that as well, when we were emailing that it's not something we want on the website, so to speak, but it's more of a conversation component that really hit home with me, because I don't know coming from these conversations, it really does make sense to kind of keep it in your pocket, and then pull out that card at the right time. So that was really good advice I liked. I like the approach there, instead of just, you know, kind of a blanket sharing it with everyone all the time.

Speaker 1  10:38
That was, that was definitely my thought. And I will say this that, that after I sent that out, Matthias challenged me just a little bit on that. And challenged me to the point on that thing of are you going to be is truepoint going to be a follower a leader, if we are going to be a leader at some point, it might make sense to posting it to the world, if it's not like something if it is something that people are nervous to follow. And we really have on to something, if it's something people start getting willing to be willing to follow. His point to me was, Well, surely, that's not the only thing we have that is an edge. We hope that's only one of them, that we figured out and move forward with and become a leader. And at that point, people will start to follow us instead, we follow others. Now. I do think that let's test this out a little bit and maybe test the effectiveness of it just a little bit. And I think that could be for maybe future discussions there. Is it the right thing to do or not? But it was an interesting point observation from Matthias that he challenged me Who do you want to be? So I guess we'll see is probably some more discussions on that. But think for now let's use it as a wildcard and push in front of people and see what respond, is he we can?

Unknown Speaker  12:10
Okay, fine on. Sounds good.

Speaker 2  12:18
Got one. tactical question, Michael. I sold the building to David Weber. He's in this system. It's a designer metal. And he reached back out, saying, Hey, is it too late to change the color? And I let him know, I was like, no, no, not at all. The building's not built yet. It's fine. So I went into assist, went into the sales and edited the color in the sales portal. Is that the right thing to do? And is there anything else that I should do to kind of alert that there's been a color choice change on that building?

Speaker 1  13:02
You did the right thing changing? It is yes, it is correct. Now, it just the only thing that can go wrong there. If it if it's done right after this, right after the sale is made, you're not going to have there's not going to be repercussions. The only time there can be repercussions is if it goes you know, two weeks in the building is actually in production or build already. And then yeah, and then it's an issue. But in this case, perfect. So making edits to a building is not a bad idea to just send me an email and say, Hey, guy wants to change your color, just confirming that this thing has not been put into production, or has not sometimes maybe some of the product has already been in the middle may have been run may have been cut for it, or something just confirming we're not too deep into the sale. They do a little quick little search, make sure that we're not to that point, and send it back and then in the make the edits. Okay, I can pretty much know across the board that if it's done within the first week, you know, that's not going to be the case, you're going to have free sailing. Of course it depends on lead times too. But generally as a rule of thumb, you'll find that if it goes more than two weeks, there's a good chance that it's you know, a 5050 that there may be okay. He changed it from pine cones.

Speaker 2  14:25
He did he went to weathered gray. He had a brand new originally he changed it to a black roof with black trim. So well a little different look choice. Yeah. And you can elect to weather

Speaker 1  14:39
it with Black Sails. I think he made a great choice. I do know from just overall appeal from customers. That one sells the most weather with love. That's our other sellers. I think you'll like it.

Speaker 2  14:53
Quite good. I'm sure he will. He's he's been real, real sweet person to work with very nice customer. I think he'll, he'll definitely probably refer us to others because he's overall seems very happy with his experience, which is good.

Unknown Speaker  15:09
That's great. Yeah,

Speaker 2  15:11
I have another tactical question. I have never sold a dog kennel and have a woman that's interested in a dog kennel. And one of the questions that I wasn't too sure about was when we are building a dog kennel in the dealer portal, if she does not want the interior to have those separated lanes for the dog, and she really just more so just looking for a building that has the wire mesh on the outside. What's the best in ordering a dog kennel because it's so special and such a unique product.

Speaker 1  15:52
The dog kennels definitely are a unique one. They are like the the clubhouse the clubhouse and the dog kennel. are they're not like editable like it is what it is. As standard now, we can customize it by deleting things without it without a problem. So basically, what we would need to do is which size is she looking for?

Speaker 4  16:19
She wanted Z larger, which I think is 10 by 12.

Speaker 1  16:26
By there's an eight bit 12 and then a 12 to 16.

Speaker 2  16:31
Okay, the 12 by 16 would be her choice she needed to pick one.

Speaker 1  16:35
Okay, so the partition walls there's partition walls on the in the outside open wired area. Are those the ones she wants removed? Or is it the inside? There are partitions? Little Dog boxes on the inside? Because you want the inside boxes removed outside or both?

Speaker 2  16:56
I think both I think her desire was to have the ex terrier have kennel entrances, the paneling with the wire on the side.

Unknown Speaker  17:09
And excuse me and then just kind of have an open interior Okay. Coffee over here.

Unknown Speaker  17:24
No problem with I'm going to do sorry I put you on speaker can you hear me there?

Unknown Speaker  17:29
Yeah, you're good. You're good.

Speaker 1  17:32
I'm going to pull some drawings real quick. Some 3d drawings here and send them to you just have a discussion that heard that we understand each other properly. Okay, just sent both of you a 3d view of that Towba 16, dog kennel and a floor layout. Did you get that? Let me know. And then we can talk about this just a little bit more. Sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  18:42
Just wait for it to come through. All right,

Unknown Speaker  18:46
I've got it open.

Speaker 1  18:48
Okay, so the question I have, it sounds like all of the partitions, as you see on the inside, there's little partitions on the inside and two partitions in the outside in the center, that would be removed. And then there are three little dog entrances in that center wall that separates the inside from the outside wired area. We still want those little dog areas to be or entrance areas to be there where they could enter in and out.

Speaker 2  19:21
I don't need to ask her that. But I think she might want to keep what would be that middle wall then mirrors the gable ends of the building, just so that there's a little bit of weather resistance. So the dogs kind of have like a warm area and then an outdoor area.

Speaker 4  19:39
Yeah. Okay. Yeah, but I don't I don't do that.

Speaker 1  19:47
Sure. So removing any of that can be done. Okay. You know, no problem is just the customizing. Part of that removing it is not a big deal. Just notate the note section and Now that he doesn't want the interior gold partitions, or the outside wired partitions, and we can remove those is put in the notes section. Now, those little dog entrances that transition from outside the inside are just little bowls that are developed, they do have little sliding doors on him to where she can open or close them. So I would suggest that we would leave those on there and then she could close it or open it however she wants to. But if she wants something different, you know, that's fine, too. But as far as pricing goes, the pricing on these are and a features are stationary. She wants to make little changes that we can just remove it, the pricing obviously wouldn't change on that.

Speaker 2  20:47
Okay, perfect. This diagram is very helpful, but I can send this to her and we can discuss it with all these measurements. That's really helpful.

Unknown Speaker  20:56
Thank you. Okay, good.

Speaker 1  21:02
I don't know Does that answer all of the questions are still remaining.

Unknown Speaker  21:07
For me, that doesn't mean I don't know if Toria

Unknown Speaker  21:10
the other question. Oh, no,

Unknown Speaker  21:11
I'm good. Good as far as the questions. All

Unknown Speaker  21:14
right. I think we're all caught up. Yeah. We are ready for Thanksgiving. So I am.

Speaker 1  21:31
What does everybody what's the meal look like for Thanksgiving?

Unknown Speaker  21:37
Turkey Of course.

Speaker 3  21:38
You're seeing Turkey mac and cheese. Sweet potato. Oh, I love it. All the things.

Speaker 2  21:47
That sounds delicious. How much dessert? Yep, apple pies. Pumpkin Pies. I usually end up with my mom. It sounds can be a big day. It'll be a nice day. How about you Michael? Do you have a traditional? You really enjoy? Oh, we

Speaker 1  22:07
do we have? Well, one of the highlight for me is always a mom fixes this. Actually chicken, but it tastes like turkey. She started using chicken and uses all the turkey seasonings. So it tastes like Turkey. But it's chicken so and she she marinated for like a couple of days and this special marinade and then she puts it in a crock pot and slowly like, hooks it for maybe eight or 10 hours. And then when it's like, you know, you almost can't get that chicken out of that crock pot. It just wants to fall apart across the grain. You know, it's like unbelievable, you know, tender and all the flavors. And it's just unbelievable as I was well, I always look forward to that. cranberry salad. And there's a whole long list of things that we always enjoy. So we all get together and nice. Have a good time. Nobody. Nobody usually goes hungry for sure.

Unknown Speaker  23:18
It's nice, good.

Speaker 2  23:21
Well, we will let you know if we have any other questions throughout our day to day. And then we'll see each other I guess tomorrow. We'll do a meeting. And then it'll be Thanksgiving. How about that?

Unknown Speaker  23:35
Sounds good.

Speaker 1  23:36
And then I guess we'll the meeting for 25th is canceled. I understand you're going to be in the road as well. I will 25th And then we'll catch back up on Monday.

Unknown Speaker  23:46
Yeah, sounds great. Sounds great.

Speaker 1  23:50
Good wish everybody a great day and if you have any questions just Okay.

Unknown Speaker  23:56
Sounds good. You have a great day.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai