Matthias Miller  00:32
Good morning. Good morning. All day. How's it going?

Unknown Speaker  00:39
I felt like it's already been an eventful day.

Matthias Miller  00:43
I hope that's good.

Unknown Speaker  00:44
Yes, it is good.

Matthias Miller  00:51
So, Tori is going to be off of Fridays when she's on the weeks. She's working Saturday. Oh, she's off today. She said, she messaged me. She's like, Hey, is it okay? If I follow up with a few people that I think are pretty close to closing have like, Hey, I'm not standing in your way. Like, do you do? You? So silly. But anyway,

Speaker 1  01:20
you've invested I felt like you guys made a great find there with her. She's very smart lady. That's awesome. I will be then. So when there's two of us and one of us are clocked out, the leads will then flow naturally, you won't have to manually move them over.

Matthias Miller  01:42
If, while you're clocking while you're clocked in? Yes. Okay. Okay. So, yes, you're right. You know, so we are looking to bring on one more, who will be doing evening, evening shifts and covering those Saturdays. So we will have to figure out something for proper lead assignments? That I'm not quite sure. It seems a little.

Speaker 1  02:14
I wonder if that will become a part of that handing off process, we were kind of bouncing that around a little bit yesterday, you know, the husband and wife team that you know, someone's probably on the phone, and then the other person is following up with specifics. I wonder if there will be somewhat of a pipeline flow there. If you have someone reaching out very late at night? Is it beneficial for them to be taking it all the way too close? Maybe it is, because maybe that's when the person they're speaking to is available. versus you know, there might be day time related conversations that need to be had, and they need to pass that off to a daytime partner. Kids love to see how that goes.

Matthias Miller  03:07
So one of the let me just give you a little bit of context. So we're working, working through the specifics of, you know, we offered a performance bonus. And then, you know, it would be kind of nice to define how exactly like, you know, gets assigned. So currently, what we're looking at, and we're gonna get some of the stuff down. But this ties into lead flow. Currently, what we're looking at is kind of a 5050 split between team performance, individual performance. So we want people to be incentivized, if if you can help if you can, if you can hand off a lead to somebody else to get faster response times, or to close a deal or whatever, like, we want you to benefit. Right, personally from doing that. But one of the challenges that does happen, just from a performance, you know, performance measurement standpoint, is when you hand off a lead and how do you how do you properly attribute individual performance? So yeah, just that's the part of it that that ends up getting pretty complicated.

Speaker 1  04:26
Yeah. Well, I used to work in a world where I handled cases every day. And it wasn't so much the volume of the cases. This was financial services industry and they had a they had a bonus it was you know, salary plus an annual bonus. And performance was based more on project oriented work that was done outside of traditional casework. And it wasn't necessarily how many cases you did. It that's not necessarily a sales type of lead. Just, you know, people's retirement processing. But the emphasis wasn't on quantity, it was on the project based work that was done, in addition to those things, which benefited the team overall, you know, manuals that are written different goals that were established on a quarterly basis, or an annual basis for the team as a whole. That's where those like value ads started to make sense. Because that paid, you know, that was kind of outside of your day to day scope. So you're paid for your day to day scope, your leads, but then if you go above and beyond and establish new procedures, or goals, or things that make it more efficient for the team, that's where the reward merit was given. So it was a little different. It wasn't like as numeric, it was somewhat subjective. In judging, you know, what was the contribution there, but that's how they did it, it seemed to the reason I bring it up is because it seemed to allow that customer relationship, per case, to not be become all of a sudden a numbers game, where you're incentivized to just plow through this, without consideration for the customer. The emphasis was put on, you know, being innovative and contributing to the process. So so something

Matthias Miller  06:39
that's something that neither one, if you break it down further, there are three components that I that I would look at. And I liked the idea of, of improving the process, because I think that the thing that's an absolute fight, in every situation, is to do get out of the day to day, you know, crunch time, and build the tools that make your life easier. And so I really do like that. The three things I haven't thinking up until now is, you know, there's kind of three aspects that we think that we think are important, number one, responsiveness to the customer. Great, ideally within 14 seconds, if not within that, within two minutes. And, and so so there's that there's what I would call resourcefulness of leads. And some of that can just be Are we able to see. So clearly, if there's nothing to be said that probably requires that could be expanded very simplistically is? Did we stay in touch with them consistently? Were we able to get hold of them, and qualify or disqualify them? And at some point, you know, were we able to close the deal? Right. But then, and then the other one is, is customer satisfaction with the Net Promoter Score? And if we have a nine or 10 NPS, that's very clear when Yeah, and we want to get as many of those as possible. Of those that are you know, that probably push the most towards? So the thing with measurements is that you can unintentionally incentivize wrong behavior with the wrong bonuses.

Unknown Speaker  08:58
That's very true.

Matthias Miller  09:00
If hypothetically, we figured out a way to make this

Matthias Miller  09:11
kind of. Okay, so just just to frame this purely, just kind of a pro purely exploratory perspective, if your performance based basis was based on one process improvement, to how well are you, sir, let me take a step back. There's a there is a software company, I forget the name of the company, the author of the book called Joy Inc. and in their hiring process, their hiring process is actually people are or go into a session working with somebody else. And they said that they're ranked based on how much they help the other person. Mm hmm. Just very counterintuitive. Yep. In most contexts. So. So there could be something similar said here where you know whether its overall team performance

Speaker 1  10:27
there, so, yeah, no, no, that's a good comment there is I was actually thinking of this yesterday morning, I had this thought in my mind of, you see the classic balance scales. And I thought leadership was on one side and teamwork was on the other side. And I was trying to determine where did these fall, you know, leadership is always valued, higher seems but you can't. Leadership begets teamwork, but teamwork can sometimes function on its own. So long as there's a mission involved, there doesn't have to be a leader. And teamwork has a goal. So if you can accomplish a goal, you've succeeded at teamwork. Whereas leadership's more like ever evergreen and ongoing. That to tie that into what you're saying, if there is a measure if there is another measure of teamwork. That's not responsiveness resourcefulness and customer satisfaction. But is there a is there a task? Is there a multiperson process, I think that's the one to value. In, in the context of this type of team, they've I've handed off a lot of leads to our lights. And I think that is kind of a part of it. Like you're saying the resourcefulness it's not always closing the deal. I know ginger closed a lead the first week for us, that was an online lead. So the measure of that I think will be interesting. Sorry, I'm pontificating, my head's been kind of thinking through last couple days.

Matthias Miller  12:06
And then one of the potential downfalls of that, is that well, I actually there is this. So what's the potential downfall of that? The potential downfall of that worst case scenario? I think the question is, do you use a measurement system to keep dead weight off the team? Or do you keep dead weight off the team regardless? And then have them build a measurement system that assumes quality team members? Does that make sense? So in your scenario, if we if we reward you for handing leads off to dealers? I mean, maybe it's just for successful referrals. But theoretically, you could have somebody picking up the phone every single day. I mean, it's not a problem with two or three people. And so maybe we're preemptively preemptively solving the problem. But you can have somebody picking up the phone every day. And and their whole strategy is how do I get these people into a lot?

Unknown Speaker  13:10
Yes, I could be.

Matthias Miller  13:13
But that's not actually in the company's best.

Speaker 1  13:20
Interest. Yeah, overall. Well, you know, you could hybridize it, as well, you know, the first three things you mentioned, responsiveness, resourcefulness and customer satisfaction are all measurable. And you can put a number to that, as far as how close did you get to this goal? Those were very firm, performance based initiatives. And then you can have another say, you know, say it's a weighted decision, 50% of it being your metric related work. And then 50 presented it being your soft skills, say the teamwork element, process improvement, things that are a little more subjective, but they are, they're contributing. So maybe it's more weighted. Maybe you have one performer that is exceptional at the metrics, but they lack in some of the process improvement area, well, then you can see how that could be kind of like grading someone based upon two facets. And then the metrics aren't the aren't the sole factor because the metrics could vary, you know, based upon the season, it could be winter time, and we could see a massive slowdown of these inquiries. What does that do to someone that's being measured off of the volume of leads? Or, you know, just something that adds two elements I think will be beneficial. Sure, for a team that wants to scale. So,

Matthias Miller  15:08
excuse me, you would? Okay, let's say So would you rather have a, you know, one of, you know, one of the ways of doing this is some kind of scoring system for leads, you know, you get maximum of six points and you get two points, if you reply within within 2020 seconds, 14 seconds, and you get two points, if you, if you get or nine or 10, at the end of the sale, you're 10 MPs, and you get an additional tuple. And obviously, at that point, you close the deal, you get two points. And so, I mean, so there's two ways to say that to to orchestrate this one is, well, that's just a climbing number. And the more you do, the more, the bigger is your bonus. Or you could say, Here's your bonus level. I mean, here's, here's kind of your bonus base, whatever it is, if you max out. If you average sixes on all your leads that you got, then you get the maximum bonus amount. Even that has challenges, because our well. I mean, in some ways that one of the advantages is that you're going to start pushing to get higher quality leads through marketing. Right. So that does become an advantage. The downside is that there are things there are two things, two pieces that are outside of your control in that case. One is, one is you've got people feeding you leads. And you know, you don't you can't control the league quality, right. And if somebody messes up on repairs, the idea was that if if you can't get a nine or a 10, but if you are able to resolve an issue for a client, you get one score not two, or one point not to and which hopefully incentivizes towards, towards pushing for process improvement to fix those types of issues that happened during delivery. But don't know. But it's not completely. I also understand it's completely fair to have mean, in an ideal world. You do have? I don't know if you need absolute control, but you do have a high degree of control over your over the bonus journey.

Unknown Speaker  17:44
Yeah. I don't really have any questions to that I think.

Speaker 1  17:56
I have never seen a bonus structure based solely on a numeric where like a Points Based System controls the outflow. It's a little more human than that. I think it's a little bit more intuitive to is this division of the company even, you know, a considerable part of our growth, or are they just sucking resources? I think it's a little bit more of a leadership decision as far as how much do you allocate towards this bonus pool, and then how much of it is actually beneficial to be distributed to that team. I know we had when I was working at the broker dealer. Depending on the annual revenue, they would divide it by division. But by departments, depending on which departments, our customers were the most satisfied. So if our insurance department was more satisfied than our investment department, the insurance division had more resources to spend on their bonuses because they make the customers more happy. So we could potentially have that conversation amongst you know, what, where is the customer satisfaction? Where's the Net Promoter Score showing us that we're adding value?

Matthias Miller  19:11
So it's a basic basically what? So that so then, okay, so I mean, the idea of profit share this geeking out just a little bit, because profit share isn't actually always in the best interest of the company. Yes, that is very true. best interest of the company. And even worse in a high growth company. You know, I mean, growth eats cash. So, there you go. So let's see that you do that that's pretty interesting. So if the survey for for customers would basically be what was it like? I don't know what the four parts you know, what was it like? Working with your, your customer success. Representative? What was it like when working with? Even better? We know who it was. So what was it like working with Marisa? And what was it like working with? What was it like getting your deliveries installed? What was the quality of the shed? Like? And? And what what was it like getting the delivery schedule? What was it? Like? What was the actual delivery? Like? And what was the quality of the shed like? Yep, back and good.

Speaker 1  20:36
If your logistics team is the one that's actually bearing the burden of that customer satisfaction they may be? Or they're sharing the burden of the customer satisfaction with the client success team, then it would be great for the customer. You know, what their feedback is? They're just reading it, you know, even a one through five scale would tell us pretty quickly. Where that? Where is our? Oh, goodness, gracious. I'm losing words, I want to say sorry, I'm drawing huge blank. I'm thinking of a particular word.

Matthias Miller  21:14
I can't. I mean, this is a word where the bottleneck is in customer satisfaction or where the gap is? Sure, there's probably a better word in the back of your mind somewhere.

Speaker 1  21:29
Yeah, it's um, it's escaping me right now. It's it's basic, low value proposition. That's what it's we're proposing a certain value, but what is the actual result of that? What is the customer finding is the value to that proposition. So they're filling out a survey and telling us the logistics team handled my delivery at five star. But my customer success manager was a little bit slow in responding via email. Those are metrics that could be used in that value based bonus, like where did the which team did the most to impress that customer and bring that value proposition across the line? hypotheticals, of course, but I think those are good questions to ask a guest.

Matthias Miller  22:18
And so it's basically three five star. One of the things we had hoped for. Well, it could still be this. So the first the first bait could be a one through 10. Net Promoter Score. Yeah. So you click that. So imagine an email campaign goes out, one to 10. Net Promoter Score, you click a number, and then it drops you into a page. Yep, basically says thank you. But then there's this how do you collect as much information as the customer wants without making them weary? That's the real question. Because from there, you could do a star star rating, there was a nine or 10 That's a perfect time to ask them to post a review on Google. But I mean, you could then take them into a star rating of these three different areas and optional comments

Speaker 1  23:32
Yeah, you could I'm sure there's a science to it. And I'm sure we're not the first company that's approached their clients for a net promoter score in those types of divisions. So there's probably some wiser good processes out there just getting a customer to complete a survey can be difficult at times. But making it a part of the process you know, if it's day after delivery, seven days after delivery, we have a schedule where we know this guests just made their purchase and now this is prime opportunity to get feedback from them.

Matthias Miller  24:16
Is point of delivery too soon?

Speaker 1  24:21
I don't know. We have to ask. Ask around the team and see what they think. But honestly, I'm I am such an out of sight out of mind person. I'm not going to recall much as things move forward. People remember bad experiences longer than they remember good experiences typically. So if we did leave a good impression, I would want to capture that as soon as possible. Typically, that's you know, you don't want to take someone back and have them remember something in March they won't remember what was good in March the owner remember what was it So

Matthias Miller  25:00
if it's, if you're talking about about process, this is actually something that we talked about and forgot about. But talking about process, doing it at the point of delivery, is something that we've talked about if, if the delivery driver would have, you know, an iPad or phone or something that they can hand over and say, Look, I'm not going to, you know, this is this is this is confidential. I don't know what you fill out and you just fill out like we get, it'll take three minutes. Just give me some feedback on it. And I mean, maybe one of the one of the questions could be if it's anything less than a five star, would you be, you know, if they're all if they're all five stars, stars, if NPS with you know, high NPS, and everything's a five star, we say, Hey, would you like to? Can we give you information on how to fill out an online review? If it's not that, then it's a question would you be? Would you be okay, if somebody reached out to you, and, and learn more about what happened? So we can make it right. So we can either make it right, or fix it for next for our next. Next guess next customer?

Speaker 1  26:19
Yeah, you have to You're 100%. Right. And so you have to be able to have a, you have a pipeline of sales, but then you have a customer success, pipeline post sale, and be able to triage whether that was a successful sale, where does that take you versus a dissatisfied sale? And that's, I think the goal in not just being sales team that being success, is handling those inquiries properly. So once we hit some sales out the door here first, but yes, that would be an important workflow to establish I feel like

Speaker 1  27:02
it's the non soliciting side of client success is handling the after market care, which is very important. After market care, I feel like would be I will definitely put some thought into that and take some notes on I'll be even reach out to some folks I know in my area that are you interested in that and kind of understand, like, what is the proper duration? When do you reach out to someone for feedback? Is it the day of delivery? Is it a few days after once they've kind of assimilated to their new experience? And see what we could pull from?

Matthias Miller  27:44
Yeah, and that actually brings?

Matthias Miller  27:53
Yeah, this would be I know, a roofing company, who puts they actually have a separate person on set. Actually, I think it's the owner, who will schedule a visit the site visit? Wow, after the roofing crew leaves. Cool. And it gets he reviews the work of the crew for that also talks to the owners or you know, the homeowners. Nice, hey, what was your experience like? And then at that point is when yes for, for review. So, okay, it might take, it's certainly more expensive to have additional personality to do that. It's more work in this in the scheduling to get that done. But as far as getting an objective review, if it's somebody who's not involved in any part of the process, their only job is to go collect information and find out how things went. And from there, it might be maybe over overkill to get started, but it's certainly an interesting idea. Yeah, definitely. Good. Anything you need for today?

Speaker 1  29:06
No, hi. exported my to do list is I'm trying to figure out how to move through it quickly with a lot of folks not answering their phones. So I'm trying to determine how to batch them and send out certain things that are email versus phone. So just kind of toying with that a little bit today to just think about our process. I let I like the to do's where it kind of bookmarks if for memory sake, because the lead list is growing so significantly, it becomes a matter of pretending retention. But I'm trying to figure out if there are I mean, if it's completely customizable, if there are tags to that lead list that can be helpful to ensure like that resourcefulness with leads like I have a couple of leads that the phone numbers currently are not coming acted, and I was just stumbling through it and like, oh, wait, that's right, this, this person's phone isn't connected after I've already dialed it. And just wondering about little tags or things in the client contact record that I should that would catch your eye if you're just looking at it from a large list perspective, as opposed to drilling down into the contacts. So you can say, okay, these are my email people, these are my phone call people.

Matthias Miller  30:26
You can make it very simple. And if somebody's phone is disconnected, go into their contact record and just the phone numbers in the communication record, you just delete it. Yes. Same with same with email. Yes.

Speaker 1  30:39
That's basically what I'm doing today is trying to clean continuously clean the record with the most up to date information I had. I focused primarily on my quoted people. I think it was Wednesday, I mentioned that I was doing more of a data cleanup. And then I think today, we'll be more focused on the non coded folks and really trying to clean those records.

Matthias Miller  31:03
I can add a column for contact type. And they could say, if it has a phone and email, I would say phone comment email. Yeah. Has.

Speaker 1  31:19
That would be nice. I like that. I think that'd be beneficial. And easy add. Quick question about tire kickers, we will eventually probably exceed the amount of time that we want to be calling someone and placing them onto a drip campaign. The day to day outreach, I'd like to start determining just structurally, how far are we going with certain guests is different once they've talked to you and they're quoted and you know, the conversation kind of ebbs and flows based upon progress with permitting. But if it's a non quoted non responsive lead, I'd like your feedback, Michaels feedback. So we get started setting some parameters on okay, this is a dead lead. Let's shift and put our energies into other things. But I don't want to be the one that draws that line and calls the timeframe. Without some, you know, feedback from you guys on what you want to see. There are leads from week one that I'm still trying to get in touch with so just kind of building some guardrails there, I guess.

Matthias Miller  32:34
When I think I think my best answer is probably driven hachi, still, that's a pretty geeky answer. But, you know, as they near you know, it's it's going to be every, you know, okay, everyday, the first few days, every few days after that, maybe every, every week or so after that. Okay. And it still doesn't? I mean, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know that it's worth the likelihood there's two things that you're doing. Okay, first of all, number one question is, why? Why can we not get hold of them? And there could be two answers. One, there could be three answers. One, they're never gonna buy, they were just bored. To they're really busy. And just just a matter of finding they really want to buy, it's just a matter of finding the right time. Or three, they're, they're on the fence, but give them some time, they're gonna get their head above water and be ready to buy. There's some sense in which ability to reach is a qualification process. I mean, that is, because if the more likely that, if you can, if you can reach them within the first day or two, the likelihood of them actually moving ahead with a sale is much higher. But there are these kind of those exceptions. So off the bat, I would say. I mean, if we take them through the through the 30 day auto responder, and if we can't reach them by phone, and if they don't, there's no sign of life from that. I don't know Michael, what are you what are your thoughts? Is there any reason to keep pursuing them after 30 days or would you still do like a 45 day and 60 day check in?

Speaker 2  34:35
That's a that's a really interesting question. Is there value beyond that point? I would love to hear Eric's input on that one. Is there value beyond 30? He

Unknown Speaker  34:48
can be a good resource TAs that of

Unknown Speaker  34:53
think may be very good And a second opinion form it sounds like probably, well, at some point, obviously, investment is not good at some point. Exactly. Is that is that at 30 days? Or is it beyond that? A better answer at the moment.

Matthias Miller  35:25
Keep in mind too, that. So the the 8020 curve matters here as well. And, and there's a lot of different ways to slice and dice this, but you're gonna make 80% of your sales from 20% of the people. And, and so avoid. So some of this is in terms of resourcefulness, it is it is not just resourcefulness does not equal spending equal time with equal with all people. resource. This means investing your time and in the places where it where it matters. And so I think I think one of the things that can be helpful for you engaging this is simply for focusing on focusing on your highest quality leads, and moving those forward. And, and then as you have time, continue working down your list, where's the lease and lease and lease qualified leads. So you should be spending the majority of your time on those leads that have been either have a sign of life, or have have reached out to you in the last week, right? And then a secondary Daryle, like maybe it's an hour, a couple hours a week that you spend following up with all the rest of the people. So just having that. So another thing that could be helpful, is also maybe we could do age of lead, would that be helpful? Is it on the TD report?

Speaker 1  36:51
I think so. I do. Because that would that would be very good to be able to triage if I haven't contacted someone, but it's only been a day or two, then there's definitely energy we're spending on continuing to call continuing to try to get that person on the line versus if they had been in the pipeline for about a month with the same type of result. That will be a quick visual that will really help I think when filtering those non qualified people.

Speaker 2  37:20
Yeah. Me add that one there. You think that point is very, very important, upfront, trying to qualify the leads and putting them in like they're able to spend us like Matthias said on us that we are sure are the best leads and auto responder do most of the work.

Speaker 1  38:08
Which speaking of the auto responder, I got another email came through from David Schiller. And I went in and attached the tag to his record of sales lead had contacted sales because it seemed like he was still getting the autoresponder sequence and I just wanted to let you guys know, I'm gonna reply to him directly and just say, you know, we're so sorry for your loss. Whenever is the right time, I just want to give more of a compassionate outreach because he was Did it sound annoyed, but it was like, I just it almost was like he was like I just said, I lost someone. Why are you sending me another? You still doing? Yeah, yeah, get into our system at the right time. So I just wanted to let you guys know that. I feel like that's

Speaker 2  39:00
it. Maybe there'll be maybe a better time to be sending out some more emails, maybe suspend that one until maybe the death is a little bit, you know? Yeah. From that or how does that look? Matthias? Is it easy to end an auto on your own particular situations? Or?

Matthias Miller  39:23
Yeah, I went over that actually. I think it might have been a call you were out on I went over to the training with Merson tutorial on how to how to pause the auto responder so they can they can pause that Tori was going to see after yesterday and might have gotten missed. I don't know. Yeah, that sounds that sounds good. Cool. Did this versa. The other thing I realized is that your 2d report was actually reverse sorted by oldest leads first. And so I've added an age of lead in days. Okay. And then sorted by most recent on the top. Love it. That's awesome today. So hopefully that can you just kind of work down through that list, you do have a growing list of bleeds,

Speaker 1  40:10
it really is expanding. There also is you'll notice if you're looking at the to do's for me, currently Matthias, under tomorrow, there are leads that have a follow up date of earlier in the week, and I don't know, they are stuck there.

Matthias Miller  40:30
I'm sorry. You know, this is this week.

Unknown Speaker  40:35
They were like

Matthias Miller  40:40
so here's the thing, here's what's happening. We're building out these reports as we go. Yeah, a lot of our development happens, you know, a lot of our development will formally have made this industry to be that

Speaker 1  40:56
I really liked that age of lead column. That's, that is great. And the contact via that those are both like very they're very helpful for triaging energy.

Matthias Miller  41:10
Okay, there you go. Now you should see.

Speaker 1  41:16
Yep, yep. The overdues perfect. Yeah, I noticed them this morning. They had been hiding. They've been hiding from me. They're ready.

Matthias Miller  41:28
Yeah, that's not good. Okay. Well, as I said, most of our most of our development will actually go through a much more formal process, but when we're building things out on the fly, then things get missed. Good.

Speaker 1  41:45
Well, thanks for the conversation this morning. Guys know we went over a little I hope that didn't make anybody late for anything.

Matthias Miller  41:52
I'm good this morning. So pretty good. Cool.

Unknown Speaker  41:57
Awesome. Get to it. I don't want to call

Matthias Miller  42:04
you today,

Unknown Speaker  42:05
appreciate everything.

Unknown Speaker  42:05
Take care. Have a great day. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai