Speaker 1  00:00
Matthias has the delightful problem of being too good at too many things. And too interested in too many interesting things.

Unknown Speaker  00:10
So unenviable and well,

Speaker 1  00:15
I don't get the impression that you have a bad life at all. It seemed like a pretty reasonable decent life. This is curses kind of just trying to figure out how much juice you can squeeze out of it. That's Yeah, isn't that more?

Speaker 2  00:30
I think so. I mean, I mentioned to you so it's not a bad like, I think it has its own set of problems. Yes, every light does. Life. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  00:41
Rigging comes with the aim, right.

Speaker 1  00:51
So why don't you give everybody the introduction? What would you like them to know about Matthias? You want me to start? Sure. Okay, so he's got this interesting stir fry of software consultant marketing agency. He's making some money from a he writes software for Amish people, which that probably sounds like a very oxymoron. Which I really think it's funny. In fact, I'll tell you, Okay, I got a super quick, honest story. I was in Amish country in Indiana, a few years ago, and we were on vacation. And I go in the store, and I said, Are you the owner? You guys know the owners are on vacation, and I go. So how does an Amish vacation work? Oh, they took an RV down to Florida. They did. I didn't know you can do that when you're Amish. And I said, Oh, they hired a driver. Oh, oh, okay. And if you go little, I really admire the Amish. If you go just a little deeper into Amish culture. They years, like long before we had a problem of have children stoned on iPads. Okay. And being raised by YouTube. They said technology has an incredibly insidious ability to destroy a community in our community is more important than anybody else's technology. And so our community, our communities are going to have agreed upon mutually voted standards and regulations about what we do with our technology. And so like if you go to Amish communities, you'll often see there's a little white building that looks almost like an outhouse. It's a phone booth. Like you talk on the phone in the phone booth, right outside the neighborhood likes right outside the subdivision. And then you turn your phone off, and then you go have dinner with your family. Okay. And so it's not like they don't use technology or have technology, but they're extremely deliberate. And they're very smart people too. It's not like they're ignorant or anything. So anyway, fine, kind of, Am I doing okay, so far? All right. And so, so it's like, well, all right, if that's one of my gigs, and maybe I can scale it up into a big gig. And maybe I could be the grand Imperial Pooh bah of Amish furniture marketing or some such thing. He's considering stuff like that. Except there's all these other interesting things. Like, he got his sister out of a toxic work relationship. And now it's blooming and blossoming like, well, maybe I could help people do that. And I'm really like, I don't like being a software engineer. But I'm like, cracking good at helping people figure out their software problems, and I can in Oh, and it turns out, wow, I just did this thing with all these salespeople who, like I got, I got, I got somebody to hire salespeople a certain way. And that worked out really well. And oh, my goodness, I think I'm an octopus and I got eight arms and all eight arms, like one arm could run a factory and one arm could ride a bicycle and one arm could be cooking in a restaurant. One arm could be sleeping. And man like I could just have the greatest octopus life. How close am I to

Speaker 2  04:47
you miss something? Yeah, so.

Unknown Speaker  04:50
So tell us about the octopus arm that I missed Christopher.

Speaker 2  04:52
You know, I'm listening to his thing. And I'm like, I spent a year and a half with this video that we hear about. It's been a year and a half under intense mentorship I

Speaker 1  05:00
heard like, there's this whole other side of my world that I don't talk about much, which is all the memo. We like, that kind of stuff that's in there, if you want to throw another arm on that kind of well, but I don't I haven't heard that much about it from you. I just like, Well, okay, so you, you have a prophetic streak. So that that makes adds another dimension to that equation.

Speaker 2  05:25
I think that's but I think that's basically the gist of you've nailed it. I think for much of my life, I've been frustrated, because it seems like the world is set up for people who have a lane that they want to run in, and then go right in this lane, and everything will be wonderful. And you can climb up the ladder become really good at that, and everything's perfect and break. I have this weird, kind of like, you know, I'm working with DNA emphases, like way off the charts. And, and then I have this all this software development background, and, you know, I go down the rabbit hole of software and all this stuff, I started coding when I was like, seven or eight years old. And so and, and kept pushing through it, even though I hated it. And so I have this really deep, deeply ingrained systems thinking on top of it. And, you know, there's this weird thing of like, if you understand software systems, you understand business systems, and they're not all that dissimilar. And I think I kind of take for granted ways that I look at business, I think, Jose, and frankly, to some degree, relate with what you guys are doing because of that. And so in the last conversation, during the talks, you know, the big thing was your way you're looking to leverage in what you could be doing. And I think one of the things, so there's two things I'm kind of looking for one is, so leverage public speaking seems to be a fairly good way for me to get leverage that matches my marketing DNA, and I have enjoyed the good at. And but if I do that, then what is the tip of the spear because I could go down the software for the Amish route. But do I really want to go travel to where the Amish are at, because there's not a lot of phone calls. There's not a lot of zoom meetings happening.

Speaker 1  07:06
And therefore not a lot of competition, either. Competition either. Software developers driving around the country talking Amish guys, I think that's a start. I don't know if the Amish are growing. So maybe it's not a startup business, but it's a

Unknown Speaker  07:23
family's growing.

Speaker 1  07:26
Maybe they are maybe it's a star principles for 200. Some

Unknown Speaker  07:30
of them are just leaking out.

Speaker 2  07:33
And and so but but then if I expand the market beyond the Amish, I don't feel like the tool set that we're using to build out. So the software systems, I really feel like it works well within the Amish sector. But is it really going to withstand all of the competition? If you go outside that sector? If we fight, let's say, take what we're doing here to a different market? Maybe we'll maybe it wouldn't. And so is there something within the scope, the one piece within the business that everybody says I'm ridiculously good at is some form of product development, or whatever you want to call it, where it's like we work with the client in a handful of calls, I like basically map out the whole with this whole system, then the big pieces and a bunch of the little pieces actually. So I can turn it over to a team member they can flesh out the rest of whatever this piece of software needs to be. Is there a way to take can that be disconnected from the actual build out of the software into a consulting gig of its own? I don't know. Like finding finding some point of leverage or maybe it's maybe it's in the marketing maybe it's I mean, the sales thing is really too early to say that actually want to believe it in it's pretty interesting, I think but might be too early. For sure.

Speaker 1  08:55
What do you How will these people know that they helped you have a successful Hot Seat? Either at four o'clock this afternoon or four months from now? Is there something you're afraid

Unknown Speaker  09:19
of? That keeps coming up?

Speaker 1  09:24
I don't know. I'm afraid if I don't. If I don't figure out what to do with these certain things then. X might happen. There seems like a frustration or an anxiety or or fear of missing out in this somewhere.

Speaker 2  09:47
Yeah, there's definitely something there. One of the things that came up in the hot seat is well maybe like do I have to pick a lane like can I just be the With the accuracy go find some kind of tip of the spear.

Speaker 3  10:07
You can get to one of these, you're blocking off the other things I like to keep holding

Speaker 2  10:13
there, perhaps I mean, the biggest fear is probably strictly if I focus on one thing, like, I've been in places where I've been bored to tears and wanting to jump off tall places, and I don't see a path ring of these things around like, I feel like the only pathway I'm really going to be interested in is if it's one thing at a big enough scale that actually keeps me keeps me engaged and interested, because I picked up on

Speaker 3  10:41
that the way you the way you phrase the comment earlier, just when we're starting is that you've got to fear like, they talk about other people, and they commit to doing one thing. And I think it's realizing that it's a fear of picking one thing you like, committing yourself to it, and then having it turned into what is that thing that might be?

Speaker 2  11:05
Yeah, or maybe it's a fear of how do you pick your favorite child.

Speaker 3  11:09
And I get a you know, a couple of years ago at the beginning of COVID when I was getting ready to sparkle, got my main company back at another process, I will call the optimizer and I was like, hey, I want to do all three, you know, I don't want to kill one let one die, I think was a fear that I had. And I wanted to do coaching so we can get we're all at product trends and ideas and things we want to do. And I was afraid of putting them on the shelf. And the way I made peace with it was like, Well, you know, if I committed myself to three or four things at once, I'm not going to drive anything meaningfully forward. Right? And so I decided, I was like, Okay, I'm gonna do global garden, that's the thing I want to focus on. I'm putting the Optimize method on the shelf. I'm not kidding. That was my big like, Aha, that kind of gave me the permission to go after the winner. Like, it's not, you know, all your other interests are still there, you can go back and pick it up. And, you know, what I've realized is anytime you go to anything, you decide to go deeper, then the deeper you go, the more you realize how little you know, zoom in, you know, it's, it's truly the thing that calls you and that you're passionate about and you love to do. You spend eight hours a day, and you're energized at the end of the day versus praying, you know, when you figure out what that one thing is, and you've got to commit and jump in fully, to figure that out. Maybe you get to the end of the road, and it is that maybe it's nothing, you go back to something on the shelf, it's not gone.

Speaker 2  12:34
So to that point, what's the thing that I think I could be absolutely engrossed in for days on end without. Like, if you want to talk, there's another way of looking at this, which is I think I'm pretty good at picking people apart and finding out what exactly their core motivators are, and then looking for opportunity where where they can express that like future focus. And the I think one of the fears and frustrations with that is probably the question of is that actually something that can be value? monetized? Yes, it is valuable.

Speaker 3  13:09
So did solve any big leap. Okay, Andrew is the exact same kind of topic and idea for dance all talks about unique ability. And you know, three things have probably gone wrong. One is usually goes horribly wrong, or you've never done anything to to energize. And the third one it's really interesting is, you think because you're wired that way, you just assume that everyone else's. And they take it for granted. It's like another it's like a curse of knowledge. Yeah, the idea, right? And I, what do you say that I smile because I was like, I'm the same way. Like I help people identify the strengths and obstacles, go the path towards bigger future and help them get there. That's my unique ability. That's why we're gonna start with the coaching. So I think definitely people are willing to pay for them. People are willing to pay a lot for for you to help them, you know, to kind of be that guy. You can't read the label from inside of the box. That's what people need coach. That's why the coaching industry is a billion dollar and massively growing industry as possible. Star principle, you pick your specific niche in coaching, I think coaching is a 10% growth. It's a fast growing market.

Unknown Speaker  14:25
It's 10, but it's growing. So tight.

Speaker 4  14:31
So if I look at your Venn diagrams, it's software and it's empathy. And

Speaker 4  14:43
when I get people that call me, right, they either want to do custom software, or they want to manage my hardware. No one ever calls me and says, Todd, let me help you connect to what Tony or a tom is doing is, I there's, there's 1000 emails out there, there's 1000 CRM, there's 1000, this, let me help you sort through the mirage of data, and which ones work together. Like, you were talking about you guys switching off of Gmail, right to proton. And we were going through that same thing, right. And finally, at the end, I was like, Screw it, I'm going to pay Gmail, because I don't have time to deal with this. Okay, I would love to be off of Gmail, like part of ours, part of ours is on Gmail, and part of it on Microsoft 365, right. And then we're searching for CRMs. And I got QuickBooks I got like, and then I got an Access database that I wrote myself that I'd love to get rid of. But I don't think there's a, there's a lot of in, in, in my world, it's like, I have a guy that wants so much a month to make sure my computers don't die. And if they do, they're backed up and that kind of stuff. There's 1000 people that call me about that. There's 1000 people that call me about custom code. I'm like, I got more custom code than I want. The one I have, I want to get rid of right, I want something that I can pull off the shelf. But I need someone that can sit down and go, here's where we are today. And then here's where we want to go to tomorrow, right? Like, I know that we're looking, we're looking at Maximizer CRM, right? Because that's what we need today. And I and the guy that's selling that he's willing to work with me and do some data for so much an hour. Whereas like these other guys, you know, they aren't interested unless it's, you know, $20,000 gig, right? If I had $20,000, I wouldn't be where I'm at. So, but I know that I'm not, that's not even going to be the solution very long, like, Okay, here's where we are. So I'm thinking like, fractional CIO, right, fractional guy that knows about technology, knows about can sit and listen to me and say, Well, you know, really your problem? Isn't this your problem? This? And which one do you want to solve first, and we can move you but it's going to be more expensive. So why don't you just stay here for now? And then when we figure it out? You know, like, I would love help with that. Right? But I can't afford a full time CIO or full time software, anything, you know, Joe?

Speaker 5  17:52
Yeah. So my question is, is something I need to focus on. So at the end of the year, I have a little goal set. So by the time I start the next year, I'll have a place to move forward to the next goals. Do you have any type of goals in mind that you have set or any type of quarterly, weekly, monthly yearly goals that can, because it seems like you're like, like this all over the place. But if you can set goals and have something every week, or every month, to keep your focus, and move forward, like he says, You don't have to give up any of them. But set goals. So you have something that keeps you focused. And, and put them in order of importance, also, so in there, like, once I have this goal that I can remember where I get these goals, you know, so you, you're not just radically jumping around and not focus, bring yourself focused on

Speaker 2  19:02
what not to come off as, like, I hear what you're saying, but I'm not listening to you. I do think I've said my environment fairly well, so that I am actually pretty focused in what I'm doing. It's this nine. Like, I mean, I'm not. I haven't reached anywhere close to where I want to go by means but goodness, I'm most grateful I would have been, and I'm getting stuff done. And it's kind of like the existential crisis. Like, I have the accountability I need, I know what the next thing is I need to be working on and yet I can't help myself from trying to reinvent myself because there's something that's shaping inside of me that's like, this isn't quite right. And I can't quite figure out what it is.

Speaker 1  19:53
So try the center site. So most of you know the work ethic The barnacles sweet wife Renaissance time. Has everybody seen this before? Anybody haven't please raise your hand. Is it in detox people that are dominant? I think it is. So for there's not one kind of work, there's four kinds of work one kind of work. Doesn't doesn't have enough nuance to it. So John, they came up with us a few years ago. So this is this axis is productive. This direction, this direction is predictable. This is unpredictable. Okay, so work ethic is predictively productive time. I'm an attorney, I bill at 300 bucks an hour. I do the work I bill on for 300 bucks an hour. It's the work ethic. Barnacles is I'm hitting refresh on my Twitter feed for the 47 times a day, because I'm caught up in this low like addictive. lizard brain behavior. Okay, this is a weekend off. This is a vacation. This is unpredictably productive Renaissance time. You go to a concert in idea may randomly pop into your head at the most weirdest time and you're like, Oh, my goodness, that's it. We're like a little less than two years ago, we're it's winter, we're in the first first pandemic winter of our lives. And I'm writing a scientific paper. I'm working on a math problem. And I'm like, I'm so cooped up, and I'm so tired of being in the house. And I'm, I'm stuck on this. How do I solve this math problem. And I just knew, if if I can manage to get myself to Western Ireland and go walk around on on a on a walking trail, I will figure this out. And I did I escaped. There was a little window where they were allowed travelers. And I went, and the very first day there, I remember exactly where it was. And the puzzle piece just came tumbling out of the sky. It was, I think it was very profound. How many of you ever had moments like that? And in some of your best, you can't predict it, you can't plan it. And what I just told you is more planned and predictive than it usually is. But like, if I give myself some space, and I go away, and I forget about this for a while, I'll figure it out. Okay, now, Martin, surely one time, he made this really brilliant. Like the switch flip. He said, I used to come to roundtable meetings going. Alright, I'm going to this meeting, and I got these questions. And I'm gonna get these questions answered. And I'm going to pay for this roundtable membership because it's expensive. And you know, I'm taking this seriously. And that's great, right? And he said, he said, so coming to a roundtable meeting was a work ethic. And he said, I decided to change the way that I think about it. I'm going to come to a roundtable meeting. And I'm going to think of it as Renaissance time. Which is, I don't know what's going to happen. But I get to do this. It's fun to be here. I get to meet all these really cool people, I get to have conversations I could never have at home. And I'm going to enjoy the breakfast, I'm going to enjoy the lunch, I'm going to enjoy the dinner, which I hope all of you guys are going to do today. And I'm going to enjoy whoever I'm sitting with him at dinner, I'm gonna go sit with somebody different and, and I just know that great things are gonna come out of this and I'm not going to feel like I have to force it. Okay, that's what I think you need to do with this. I think I think what this what you're sensing is all of these like little superpowers and things that you have that sort of randomly pop up and you help somebody out of the gym.

Speaker 1  24:47
I think you're in inner Protestant work ethic engine goes, Hey, I think we need to move this circle over into here and I think we need to plug it into an engine and it needs to be a slot machine and then I'm going to put $1 in the slot machine and I'm going to pull the lever, and then $2 are going to come out. And I'm going to be a good steward of my time, and I'm going to be a good steward of my talents. Okay? And to just give you maybe another comparable thing. A lot of you know that I've got this whole, a third of my life that's basically being a scientist. And I've got evolution 2.0, and I've got Cancer Research Foundation, and I've got all these things going on. In one thing that I've come to awareness of, in the last few months is about is that, to the extent that I was making myself responsible for fundraising, like okay, you have a 501 C three is the cancer charity, you've got commitments to help these research projects. To the extent I put myself on the hook, to raise a certain amount of money. I am taking a five Renaissance time and I'm jamming it into work ethic and making it not fun. If I do that, I kill it. And so I took myself off the hook, like, Well, we do want to raise money. And John and I just worked on a newsletter, the newsletter, the news, the topic of the newsletter is what is the job description of our fundraising guy that we're looking for? Because it's not me. Okay, now, I'm just curious, Matthias, if we took all of this stuff that's in your nebulous category, of, well, this is potential and this could really be something cool, and maybe I shouldn't be doing this. And we said, that's great, but you're under no obligation to turn this in any particular kind of a business. All we want you to do is enjoyed it and pursue it in some fraction of your life. Like, you still got to pay your bills. And you know, I don't know if it's two days a week that you're working or four days a week or however long whatever it takes you to cover your net like you got to do that. But then hey, man, if it's 230 In the afternoon, and you got the work ethic done stuff then Have at it now if we frame this whole thing that way, how does that make you feel?

Speaker 2  27:31
Well practically speaking, I think I'm it's hard to tell maybe four to six months away from not having to work from baseline consulting engagement that's underway. That would basically low management of it so how would it feel like I think there's still probably some separation they'd have to do like I shouldn't be doing something that ends up being productive I think there's still maybe some head trash to let go of that but

Speaker 1  28:19
yeah, should what what is should and I'm not putting it down

Speaker 2  28:31
the wire that's good I mean, this should is like there's actually should we have this conversation at breakfast? There's a fairly strong should have you should do things you don't want to do because it's good for you.

Speaker 1  28:46
Yeah, you should eat your broccoli you should do your push ups Yeah. You should make your bed make sure a quarter can bounce off the bed you need to put your shoes away when you go to bed at night. you brush your teeth you get you should floss

Unknown Speaker  29:05
I'm not sure I think that way to go

Speaker 3  29:11
about doing so Perry suggestion is you know certain time or about a certain day like this year when I started the day I said Monday Monday we go back at today's global guard Wednesday the coaching Fridays my Renaissance so that's what I think reflected hybrid knows that it's on Fridays sometimes I just take off sometimes like you know radio theater reflect or listen to one page programs or whatever it is, but like reserving like that is there's there's specific value that will come from that not that you're trying to get it but it's it's creating the space for

Speaker 2  29:49
you. So like, really, I think this And this should I should be more structured, I should have one day that I focus on this, I should have a second day that I focus on that I shouldn't have one day that set aside the Renaissance time. I think to a degree perhaps having having a day is like, Okay, this is my selfish, selfish, selfish day. It's my needs to be restrained because investment

Speaker 6  30:20
in the week, it's interesting to use the term that's my selfish. So the theme that keeps coming through is if I'm not working and being productive, and being selfish, that that's the thing that I keep hearing over and over. You're just feeding the hell out of yourself. Because that shame.

Speaker 1  30:41
Well, I'm curious how many of you one of your, we all have different sizes of shame buttons. Some of them are very big and some are huge. How many of you one of your larger shame buttons is somebody making you feel guilty? For something that's just for you? Like, like, I want a chocolate birthday cake. Don't you tell me what you want? That's selfish. them to sing that to you like that pushes your guilt button, like you respond to that you're like, Okay, I'll stop winning chocolate cake. Raise your hand if you identify with that. Like they can are in negotiation. Oh, man, that's it, man. You're taking off a lot of money off the table. You're like, oh, okay, maybe maybe it shouldn't have any. That's one of your guys. Okay, well, a third of the room at least. No, it's half. Is it half?

Unknown Speaker  32:05
And the other half for wine? I'll bet you I'll bet you if you were to dig deep

Speaker 6  32:14
that at least 80% of the people are gonna have that. But alas, people are just not aware of it. Because it's too scary to think about.

Speaker 4  32:25
What most didn't run wasn't run talking about anytime you use the word should or I or those are words run. So run Wilder Oh, when he was had his, you did your thing. And I think he had a list of words. Like if you use the word should i Those are identities you have of yourself, I shouldn't be doing this i Something along those lines? Like those are identities that you have. Those are those are those ideals, those those heroes that you are trying to live out. And maybe some of those identities have passed the

Speaker 6  33:16
I think an interesting question to ask is, What do you want to happen? As opposed to what should happen? So as I've gotten older, that's one of the questions is like, what do I want to happen before I die? And that changed everything for me, because it's like, Wait a minute. I mean, I'm 75. So my days of getting things done getting shorter and shorter. So identifying what I really wanted to happen is extremely important, as opposed to what should happen. That's the weird question. How often do you celebrate with working on by working I mean oil rig

Speaker 4  34:12
should be celebrating. He's trying to move it into work as

Speaker 1  34:17
I do in the shape. I'm not going to disclose how little I'm celebrating. But so good. But right. So you mentioned a minute ago that so you have a debit consulting arrangement that's,

Speaker 2  34:30
that could very easily develop into a very nice situation. And I don't really want to get into the details. Now he has the details but could get into it even nicer situation in the future. Like this isn't gonna go, but that's still up.

Unknown Speaker  34:44
What is it like? 5050 7525 whereas right now,

Speaker 2  34:48
oh, I don't know, you know, 3070 but I think it's just a matter of time. I mean, it's something I'm you know, somewhere between freaked out about and pretty relaxed about because it's I Actually catered to towards the Renaissance. Like, we need somebody who can make stuff up and build things from zero to something. And that's something I'm pretty good at. So one of the burning questions has been,

Unknown Speaker  35:18
I have a completely different question.

Unknown Speaker  35:24
Okay, Bob says,

Speaker 2  35:26
I think part of this comes down to reframing, even reframing how you work. You know, one of the questions I came in with is, let's say that I go with public, you know, public speaking is a very clear avenue for marketing. So what would it look like if I took the work ethic should offer public speaking? Yeah. And said, public speaking, you get to go into my Renaissance time? And what if we took those constraints off? What were those? And we assumed that whatever wanted to come out through the public speaking in that would feed into the rest of this stuff? Completely? Fine. Nothing to worry about. With that?

Unknown Speaker  36:09
Are you a live words optimist?

Unknown Speaker  36:12
I'm an empathy, alchemist live.

Speaker 7  36:16
Okay. I am, too. So one thing I discovered about myself a while back is that I am what I like to call an external processor, which is I learned, which means I learned what I think after I say, and that's great. It's good. Well, yeah. You could probably sort out why that might be a problem, but it helps me understand it. And so I would actually say a lot of my time on the phone and Todd can attest to this. Allow one time on the phone is Renaissance time, where I am actually sorting out with the other person, what their problem is, what I think about it, what they need, and where they need to go. Is that the experience of talking is like for you,

Speaker 2  37:03
Oh, yeah. 90% of my day and went from from soul crushing to survivable and possibly even enjoyable when I would, okay. Somebody in Perry, Martin in the forum says, Hey, I need somebody to fix such and such on WordPress. I know how I don't want to do that. I can do this. Here's the condition, you'd have to be live on the call with me. I'd be available to answer questions, because I don't want to waste either of our time. Yeah. In other words, I'm going to make this something that is empathy, live alchemy, and I'm going to turn it into something. And so most of the software design, it's like, no, nobody can exactly describe how we do it. But I get in there, and I start asking questions, and these pieces emerge. And I ask more questions, and like, this whole thing evolves through conversation. Like, those are the things that worked best for me, I think. So there may be another layer to this in terms of Renaissance time. So. So I've had this thought in the back of my head, I have some friends, where Renaissance, we have Renaissance conversations very well. And I've struggled having, quote, Renaissance time, you know, it's all like, oh, I should go should go to a coffee shop and journal for a long period of time where it should be reality, I need to build out a group of Renaissance buddies that we get on the phone, and we chat about whatever it is, and these things emerge, and well sign

Unknown Speaker  38:27
up for that.

Unknown Speaker  38:29
Good. Yeah,

Speaker 7  38:32
yeah, that's literally what he told me to do about four months ago, and I didn't put it together. It has a terrible, terrible name. And I'm trying to fix it. It's called pain pals. Because the one thing we have together is that we are very far apart like pen pals. And we're bored and lonely most of the time, because we're only so things that try to build businesses or want to talk about businesses also have a bunch of things like those groups are awesome. And it is a breath of fresh air, if you can get yourself part of one. And if you can't find one, make it because it is so good.

Speaker 1  39:10
Well, Matthias, I think there's a big clue in the story you just told which was, well, if I force it into a certain key hole, I could be thrilled helping you with your WordPress problem. Otherwise, it's like stabbing myself in the face with us with a fork. Right? And so, especially if you're paying your bills some other way, you can say I will help you figure out your software. But it's going to cost you $1,700 an hour. It's going to be at the top of Kilimanjaro on Friday, Saturday, Sunday and Monday from two to for PM, and you're gonna have to bring a Turkish, Turkish bath massage for me, and make sure that you have a video and an audio recorder. Because if like, I won't remember what I said five minutes later, okay, but when we're done, like, you'll have an entire plan architected. And I'll tell you the names of three software coding firms, they'll go do it.

Speaker 2  40:28
So I like it to the should you should fill out to more detail, you should provide them the detailed plan in the outline, you shouldn't make them. But if we can put together an offer like that, like, Oh, hey, like, that's the most pleasant time. I mean, people want to come out to Colorado all the time. So

Speaker 1  40:47
and here's the list of deliverables you will get from me. And here's what you absolutely won't get from me, I will not write a single line of code, I will not debug a single line of code. I will not I will not make this certain Gantt chart, I will not. Like, fill in the blank, I will not create an Access database for anybody. I right, yeah. But like, as long as you're within the set of parameters, and as long as like somebody's bringing banana pudding, it's gonna rock, okay. And then you didn't really you just get to say that that's the cool Renaissance part of it. It's unpredictably productive. And it's only in a form that you find to be fun. And it's, I, when I was 14 years old, I love designing building speakers. And then I got an electrical engineering degree. And then I got a job designing speakers at Jensen. And within two years, I didn't even like it anymore. And then I got laid off, and I have not done any speaker stuff for money since. And now I like it again. And I have a rule, never build speakers for money. As long as I'm not doing that. It's great. As soon as I turn it into a business, not fun anymore, right? And so you just need to have your rules. And then you go explore the stuff to your heart's content, like, oh, yeah, like, I'll be all straightened out your HR department, as long as it's top of Kilimanjaro with banana pudding served.

Speaker 2  42:33
Right? And then I can sit, I mean, I can do all kinds of stuff was in that frame, and it's actually going to work really well. And so part of the battle is, is building the container for all of this stuff to happen and not wandering outside of the one to some traditions.

Speaker 4  42:52
So I think the other thing you need to remember too, is something Tom said earlier about unique ability. Someone does love doing the pieces that you don't despise, but they can't sit there and have the conversation and pull that out. Right? Like what do you need, here's what you need. And that neck, that next guy is sitting there listening, taking those notes, right? And copiously going, Okay, I have my next steps in what he does. And what you do are two separate things, but you pull it out your job is to pull it out and their job is to run with it. But you have to be careful like I have, we have people in our shop that sit and do things all day, and I would kill myself if I had to do and they love it. We had as I was telling Jose earlier, we had some lady come work for us. That's for 20 years. So the crotch in jeans. Think about that. Could you for 20 years. So 100,000 Gene crutches. I know someone loves doing that we tried to get her to do other work and that was I'm telling you you can't you can't put

Speaker 1  44:16
your auditor Renaissance time.

Speaker 4  44:20
I'm telling you, but that was an example after seeing that I'm like there's someone for everything. You just need to find them. Right? So don't look at what you don't like to do and go holy crap. I wouldn't ever put that on somebody because there's someone that likes that. There will be a Perry Marshall minute coming out soon. Jean crutches you know, like fumes. So it's also shocking it just, it's hard to do you know, because it's the next thing over and you're like I would hate to be that first And I don't want to punish them by giving them this work. And there's someone that loves that.

Speaker 2  45:05
Well, to your point, I don't know what if you wouldn't want to do that I can't imagine what self sabotage would look like that get yourself fired. But the, to your point, like this is this happened a week and a half ago, which is like, I sat in the conference room with one of my clients. And we figured, like, they're like, can we please have you face to face because we're tired of zoom, I was like, you can have any face to face. And, you know, spent the day on the client on client site. And they basically said, Hey, we want this that we have over here for this every year. I mean, this is obviously through a series of conversations and discussions. And I was like, one simple. So that's the part that I that I that like, like, I understand what it is of the need. And if I could put myself into the, you know, sitting across the desk or table from the person writing all this stuff down, if I could just explain to them and walk them through this, and then completely walk away. And I don't know, like,

Speaker 4  46:03
you could send them the recording you have from Mount Kilimanjaro. Exactly, right. Yeah. And they would just pick it up from there,

Unknown Speaker  46:10
right? So then

Speaker 8  46:18
you have to trust yourself with it. Like you're, you're counseling yourself constantly. And you're filtering your own counsel through the lens of others,

Unknown Speaker  46:28
I believe you need to,

Speaker 8  46:30
and this is I'm saying this, and this is like, I'm talking to myself, but you need to get rid of those shoulds because it's an external pressures that you put on yourself that really don't exist. Like you have the right to define how you do work and how others work with you. It's your decision. And there shouldn't be motions. Right? for shipping. A couple of things,

Unknown Speaker  47:04
we will go to a break after Miguel.

Speaker 9  47:07
I just want to say my face. That honestly, I could not relate to what your problem is. Like

Unknown Speaker  47:18
when you were saying like I should say like 90% I was I was like no. Like, I don't feel guilty when when I taught the relevant standard was like I was born to do this

Speaker 9  47:33
thing. One point, I was like, I can't really remember like, like, what happened or what, and then Tom was talking about, like, constraints, that's all that I recommend you you know, it's like, in theory, or most of industrial, new mechanical news reading. So long story short, I would recommend you to read it starts like talking about like engineering processes, whatever. But there's a prob apart when they die and we get voted sad talking how most most processes is never about the process. And he explains to you how it is about people beliefs. So it shows you how to some diagrams. So you can yourself see what are the beliefs that actually are, like blocking is never the physical, you know, capacity of the of the engineering process are the wrong beliefs or the wrong metrics. So that that, like, I think I could help me, but honestly, like, it was so long ago that I can't you know, so I think you were saying during your stop, you're like I was like I couldn't. And I wanted to talk before to say like, Okay, what is the problem? I couldn't meet whatever you say, like I couldn't keep points in front of me like this has been graded. But I didn't get like, I honestly think it's something very personal, you know, if you beliefs, very deep beliefs, but

Speaker 1  49:17
how many of you have had repeated had to repeatedly reinforced giving yourself permission to do stuff that maybe most people would just go do

Unknown Speaker  49:30
it back to where you

Unknown Speaker  49:32
saying that you're being selfish.

Speaker 1  49:35
Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Well, the person that helps me say yes to things that I wouldn't say yes to the most as Laura. couple a couple of years ago, Yannick silver told me we're going to Antarctica I thought that sounded great. I would have never even lobbied for it. very expensive, very inconvenient very far away was like, oh, you should do that. And we had a discussion just the other day I said, you know, Laura, you're like, way more generous than I am. Because we're talking about why didn't they send her on a cruise? And that's like a whole nother conversation. Right? And so, so, you might, you might need a little help from somebody in your life to kind of nudge you in that direction. So I believe Kyler do we have we have a break here?

Speaker 7  50:30
I think we're running a little over on time. But Is everyone okay with a five minute break? Like honestly? All right, let's go ahead and do a five minute break. Five minutes. 335 All right.

Speaker 4  50:45
Perfect. Yes, better you know, but a while I was going to check out the after listening to all the conversation. There's a lot of people in the room

Unknown Speaker  51:05
what is this? This malware with?

Speaker 10  51:10
What are you putting into my computer? It's just instantly time there's hot seat. Oh, sure. Okay.

Speaker 7  51:18
There's no pill. Just give me a moment. I'll get you all situated with a clicker. I don't know. It's, it's a mixture of pre when you'll get it? Do you just want to get your anxiety out of the way? Just

Speaker 4  51:46
Just things kept coming up. Too hard. I sat down the other day, and I couldn't figure out what to do. Right. So this

Speaker 7  51:55
job's Oh, it's a dark, okay. This is supposed to be a I see it. I'm pulling it up right now. Oh, so we have perfect. Right, here's where we're going to need to do. So we have a assessment called the marketing DNA test. What the assessment does is it helps clarify how you like to sell. Right? So those four dimensions that it tests are producer versus Alchemist, live versus recorded. Words versus images. And let's forget the forest empathy versus analytics, right? Do you like to relate to them? Or do you want to show them facts and figures which support your case and so a recorded salesperson is going to look very very different from a live salesperson right? You like to record and salesperson likes to get all their I's dotted and their T's crossed they like to put together the video or they like to write out the sales letter and edit it a few times get it all crystal clear and perfect a live person just go for it. Right even if it's and maybe they have to prepare some analytics they get the numbers right they get all the permits figures correct but they want to do it live in person because that's how they do it or they can do it empathically they understand the motivations and the questions comments and concerns and understandings that their prospect and then use those frame whatever solution they have as an emotional answer right. By the way, I sent you an email

Unknown Speaker  54:14
last three calculate Can you retake those

Unknown Speaker  54:22
rentals change over

Unknown Speaker  54:24
time? That's why I'm so

Unknown Speaker  54:31
tired let's see if I can do this Google Slides

Unknown Speaker  54:45
it's written to be deliberately using figures it's possible for you to not even know what to ask us for the first time to take it with me In our minds My score is three I think it's terminal Wurtsmith thirdly term rates were a number of words or words that the high off what color it said a few minutes ago I noticed something weird after I said we yeah I know what I think I'm probably right.

Speaker 1  55:46
Yeah, that way to somebody about sneaking there's much much more value to it takes me longer to process things I'm good at why you know what I do some people are good why when they have no idea you just drop it randomly because he's a hostage and you run them up pleased to say actually

Unknown Speaker  56:23
share what it's like to call

Unknown Speaker  56:28
in


Transcribed by https://otter.ai