Unknown Speaker  00:20
Good morning. Seth. You

Unknown Speaker  00:40
All right? Okay, I think I am here now.

Unknown Speaker  01:14
Okay, sounds good.

Speaker 1  01:16
My headset was doing its thing or not doing its thing, whatever the case may be,

Unknown Speaker  01:22
whatever it was doing, it's not thing.

Speaker 1  01:28
Yeah, doing it's not thing. Although it's important, it's important to have a space between the it's and the not.

Speaker 2  01:38
That's very true. I Okay, so

Speaker 1  01:47
when I there wasn't a review, like a zfp design this morning, right? No, there was. I saw a whole slew of emails as Williams like, Wait, was that not canceled after all? Okay, no, I think Matthias is just nuking his inbox. Yes,

Speaker 2  02:05
exactly. Good words like these, 30 emails gotta go. So nice. Let me while we're waiting for them to hop on. Let's do this now, so there are these records called skew, skew reports that a name, a report, path fonts, and, I mean, probably looks fine.

Unknown Speaker  02:37
Looks very straightforward.

Speaker 2  02:38
Yeah, if you get questions like, it, like, if there's anywhere else we've done anything, but, yeah, very straightforward, boom.

Speaker 1  02:48
How does sort and stuff work? Like, be sorted by name, or you got, I don't have to worry about what order they'll show up for them. No,

Speaker 2  02:58
no, just throw them in and perfect. Okay, name it something known. It

Speaker 1  03:04
was that simple. I could have just poked around and tried to figure it out. Because I'm pretty sure I

Speaker 2  03:09
could have, I let's, that's all I found out about. It was some kind of, felt like some kind of big, mysterious, yeah, that thing, anything I poked around, I was like, Wait, let me see if I can find

Speaker 1  03:21
because I think Mark has, like, several reports he wants me to add so now I can do so Easily. Let

Unknown Speaker  03:29
me see if we can find removed. I

Speaker 2  03:45
uh, Josh, I showed Seth, nothing for you to do. Enjoy your moment. Oh, man.

Unknown Speaker  04:06
Good, sorry,

Speaker 3  04:08
sorry, I was apparently logging into the wrong Zoom meeting. Oh,

Speaker 1  04:16
so my apologies. Well, apparently Mark's doing the same thing, or is he not joining us?

Speaker 3  04:23
I doubt he's doing the same thing because I had two zoom meetings back to back and, oh, I jumped on the wrong one.

Speaker 2  04:31
Oh, God, hi guys. I'm back. Well, you'll have to DoorDash it the closest Actually, no, there's Jeff. Is there any place in Pleasant View that has ice cream? I don't think so. You'll have to Dwayne. You'll have to DoorDash Seth is ice cream cone from South Hutch. Hope it doesn't melt before it gets there.

Unknown Speaker  04:58
I'm gonna do something. About that.

Speaker 2  05:02
I told him he was complaining about this non interruptible X 30. He was like, by the way, Seth did some work with like, speed of accounting across the board. He thought you needed a nice printer. So nice.

Speaker 1  05:15
I mean, it wasn't that big a difference. Like the accounting transactions report only sped up like 50x or something.

Unknown Speaker  05:25
I mean, that's not much,

Unknown Speaker  05:29
not much at all, huh, just a little bit.

Speaker 1  05:31
No, that was pretty fun. They were very rarely gonna be able to do anything quite like that again, yeah.

Speaker 3  05:38
So I'll leave this one alone. I was, I was going to make some snide comment, but let's, let's move on.

Speaker 1  05:47
That's fun. I know for myself, if my filter decides to work, then you really better just let it work. So I'm guessing it's the same for you.

Unknown Speaker  06:00
That's hilarious.

Speaker 3  06:07
All right, talking about talking about DLA commissions, is it going to be do you want me to share the commission sheet that we currently work with? Is that going to be helpful? Oh, you already had it. Never mind. Okay, well, yeah, which one? Which week are you in? Week 20 you might want to do you have access to the most recent one? Mute, no, this

Unknown Speaker  06:33
is the one you sent to me. Well, let's

Unknown Speaker  06:36
just do this. I'm going to give you access to the folder

Unknown Speaker  06:40
you want to give Seth access to? Yeah, I'll do

Unknown Speaker  06:47
that. Love the world, Google, come on.

Speaker 3  06:58
Have you ever had the sharing box, just nevermind.

Unknown Speaker  07:06
I don't know if I have or not.

Speaker 3  07:10
All right, I have shared access. You should receive that.

Unknown Speaker  07:22
Look at that.

Unknown Speaker  07:24
I would go to the highest week number,

Unknown Speaker  07:29
Hi, sweetie.

Speaker 3  07:33
No, no, I'm sorry, yeah, week 36 that's exactly.

Unknown Speaker  07:39
There you go. Yep, yep, yep,

Speaker 3  07:40
what you had. Let's, let's go out and let's use scroll across the bottom until we get out there to oh, let's use, let's use April. Let's use that. Yeah, good. It's expanded scroll to the right.

Speaker 3  08:13
Okay, commission, commission, yes, perfect. Do we have Yeah, okay, so the whole table on the right hand side is mirroring what I expect that we're going to do as part of an RG line record, where it will put a date to it, and we'll say your compensation changes on this particular date, which I think already as part of the sales rep contact record. I think we already have a semblance of this RG already operating. But essentially, we need to be able to support the idea that we're going to start with one set of salary and commissions, and at some date in the future, change to a different set of salary per week plus commissions. Making sense so far, yeah, the biggest thing, okay, compensation types that we currently have in operation are combinations of salary plus commission, straight commission, straight salary. So and

Speaker 3  09:24
then there is there one of them. We also have a salary plus commission plus bonuses that we'll need to account for.

Speaker 2  09:40
All right, here, let's do this. So this is for, not really, I in the bar, but anyway, all right, so you got sales rep, RG of compensation, effective date, comp type, which is. Yes, straight commission. What did you say salary, salary plus commission? And what

Speaker 3  10:07
other I would, I would say salary plus commission plus bonuses. And I don't know if you want to say, okay, the bonuses part, we can argue about whether that should even be part of the that RG, which maybe it probably doesn't. I don't even know if that's even a viable because the bonuses are variable, so maybe they should just be added as part of the the the week, the bi weekly payout.

Speaker 2  10:31
As I recall, the bonuses were kind of complicated last time we talked,

Speaker 3  10:36
yeah, and so basically, what I think we want to do from a bonus standpoint, is it's just free form field of this is the dollar value you're punching in, and it makes it part of the part of the pay period, kind of the same way, kind of the same way that I think We're handling bonuses right now inside a payroll module. I do

Speaker 1  11:10
you remember this looks like we already have an art that. RG, there the commission. RG, you were just looking at we have it on the sales rep record

Speaker 3  11:16
already, yeah, but you don't have a salary field for it. Okay? Yeah. So I think we have, I think we have compensation type. We may need to add some extra compensation types. I'm not exactly sure,

Speaker 1  11:30
but it's currently hourly and salaried in that drop list. Yeah,

Speaker 3  11:33
hourly, so the hourly can go, no, let's keep the hourly. The hourly may be a thing someday. I don't know, hourly salary. We

Speaker 1  11:41
gotta support it. Now, are we gonna if we're not gonna support, yeah, like, as in, are we gonna support the logic for it? If we don't, then I wanna pull it.

Speaker 3  11:51
No, we probably should hang on. Okay, here's the here's the rub, and that is that we're running into some some legal troubles with the our salary plus commission concept because of state rule changes and setting thresholds for for actual salary, so we probably ought to support hourly

Speaker 2  12:18
so that means that you need to have an hourly rate, though, right? Yes, hourly rate and your your commission, you need a weekly commission, right? Weekly salary?

Speaker 3  12:31
Correct? Yes, and it will be by it will be a weekly salary. Okay, remind me. Seth or not. Seth, uh. Matthias, we argued back and forth on this inside a payroll module on on how we calculate salaries, and I think, did we boil it to a week number, or do I don't think we supported a yearly number. Did we? Yeah, we,

Speaker 2  12:54
I pushed. They didn't push pretty hard saying those few cents of oh, I made $59,996 is like, who cares? Like, I'll give you a $5 bonus so I don't have to deal with the round numbers. I don't care. Yes,

Speaker 3  13:10
agreed, agreed. Yeah, weekly number as part of the that record on the sales rep contact. I think we define weekly or bi weekly. Is that, right?

Speaker 2  13:24
We have a weekly, bi weekly and monthly, which follows the logic for the billing, pay periods, and that doesn't, yeah, uh,

Speaker 1  13:32
right now it is only weekly and bi weekly, we can add. Do you want monthly?

Unknown Speaker  13:42
Um, do I want monthly? Nobody's currently doing monthly. Everything has been weekly and bi weekly. Let's,

Speaker 2  13:55
it's, I don't think it's hard to add in the future, and let's not add unused features. That's my you

Unknown Speaker  14:01
still want the

Unknown Speaker  14:05
override commission balanced start date? What

Unknown Speaker  14:09
was that for rolling

Unknown Speaker  14:11
over commissions from year to year?

Speaker 3  14:15
Sure. I

Speaker 3  14:25
um, here and Seth, I think you had done a bunch of work on this originally. Is that right on, on the original method of calculation for over goal commission stuff,

Unknown Speaker  14:41
maybe. But I don't remember it.

Speaker 3  14:43
It's fine, it's it's all junk logic anymore, anyway, because that that compensation method is, is no longer used. So, so we should eat what

Unknown Speaker  14:53
we have.

Speaker 3  14:55
Yes, did you just say yeet it? Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  15:03
Yeah, understand that

Speaker 3  15:06
we should eat what we have. I should probably actually say

Speaker 1  15:09
we yoink there, but yoink, I think that's actually a little more accurate. Crack me up.

Speaker 3  15:19
And I think at one point we added the the payment RG, because one of the one of the pieces that of this is that we are always, we are always looking at what we've paid and what we're calculating, and there is a payment RG as part of the the sales the sales rep record currently, which, I think it's just a date and amount, and I think, well, we can talk through exactly how what we need to do to expand that. But one of the and this goes to the calculation method, is that throughout the year, as sales orders are are created and potentially canceled, is because we pay out commissions immediately within a pay period. So anything that's currently up for paying out automatically gets paid out in that commission in that pay period. But then if, if cross pay period, a sales order cancels that, we're always looking at what we paid versus what is calculated. Make sense? Matthias is shaking his head yes.

Speaker 2  16:22
So basically, it's, it's, we're looking at total commission calculated from the start date, which normally is the beginning of year, unless you overwrite it until today. How much? How much did you earn? How much were you paid? Reconciled to zero, like and record the date of the commission payment.

Speaker 3  16:43
Yeah, we probably ought to have a conversation about negative commissions, and because at this point, we need to be able to track negative commissions. In other words, if a sales rep sells something, and then the cancels and actually creates a negative commission amount as part of the as part of what is calculated, obviously we're not going to take money back from them. It just it stays there until they've actually generated enough sale to actually outsell the negative commission, makes sense?

Unknown Speaker  17:11
Yeah, the biggest

Speaker 3  17:14
thing is, how we're going to represent that in reporting is, is probably going to be the question, but we can get to that in a bit Sure.

Speaker 2  17:23
Okay, so we have hourly, salaried commission. We said salaried plus commission plus, wait, this is commission only should be Do we have a separate commission type? I

Unknown Speaker  17:43
think we call it straight commission,

Unknown Speaker  17:49
but you have string commission versus over goal. The

Unknown Speaker  17:52
over goal thing is going away. Oh, brilliant. Let's go.

Unknown Speaker  17:56
I love doing

Speaker 3  18:00
that. Comp, that compensation concept, was the most difficult to understand I have ever seen in my life.

Unknown Speaker  18:10
We're very happy. It is now gone.

Speaker 2  18:13
Indeed, Mark, I emailed your copy of the document we're working on, so you can't really see the edits as we're working on it, but at least gives you a baseline. Sure.

Unknown Speaker  18:25
Hey, when did, when did Mark show up?

Speaker 4  18:29
It was 1115, exactly, 15 minutes late. So

Unknown Speaker  18:36
got it morning? Mark?

Unknown Speaker  18:39
Okay, good morning.

Speaker 2  18:40
It takes skill to be Precisely, precisely late. Normally, when I'm late, it's a round number. You nailed it.

Speaker 2  18:53
All right. Hourly salary, commission, salary mission. Sorry, go ahead.

Unknown Speaker  18:59
No, I, I'll, I'll be quiet. You guys can keep going.

Unknown Speaker  19:07
So these are the commission tapes, Dwayne,

Speaker 3  19:10
hourly salary. Well, I mean, yes, hourly salary now, okay, I guess the only question I have is because you said hourly and salaried, I guess it would be technically hourly plus commission then as well. Unless you're going to let's

Speaker 2  19:25
do, let's do base pay, none hourly salary. There we go. And then let's do commission which is a check commission which is full, no, we don't have a mobile commission checkbox, and then you have the hourly rate conditionally editable, the weekly salary, conditionally editable commission. I. How many decimal points do you want on your commission? Is

Unknown Speaker  20:04
that 122?

Unknown Speaker  20:06
Decimals? I don't think

Speaker 3  20:07
we're going to need more than two. I don't know why we would. But okay, what do you need? The the commission check boxes, or, I think you took it out now, didn't you?

Unknown Speaker  20:17
No, it's there. No,

Unknown Speaker  20:19
I moved it. What's the

Speaker 3  20:21
reason for the commission checkbox? Wouldn't it just be, if there's commission percentage filled in, then it's obviously got commissioned as part of it. I mean, I don't know. I mean, unless you, unless you needed it for your logic or some something, no.

Speaker 2  20:32
I mean, it makes it more I don't care you're the guy using it. I don't care. We don't need it.

Speaker 3  20:41
Well, I mean, I'm just, I'm looking for a simplicity sake, because there's a reason to keep it in. I don't, I don't mind just asking.

Speaker 2  20:48
There's, there's two types of simplicity. One is clarity. Check the box and it's required. The other, simplicity is fewer fields. Pick your simplicity, Seth or Seth, Seth. And I don't care. Well, I don't care.

Unknown Speaker  21:01
I like a clean RG, let's keep it out.

Speaker 2  21:03
Okay, do you like your commission? Or do you know, do I like what do you like the commission? RG, right now, yeah, I do like this. Okay, I think we should store.

Unknown Speaker  21:19
Do we have any data in these that we need to keep around. Okay, so delete commission, commission date, slash take the sales rep. I had to do. Take the sales rep, commission date and commission amount or D out of commission and on the time card.

Speaker 2  21:49
Is this going to get us into trouble? Seth, if we when we have to use time card for hourly so we're going to have to distinguish, and maybe we already do on the time card, whether this is a protection employee and shows up in the production payroll reports. Oh,

Speaker 1  22:06
I mean, I can look. It wouldn't be that hard to I don't think it'd be that hard to figure out, but I'll see.

Speaker 3  22:17
I forgot one thing in our commission compensation types, or compensation types, we do have one or two with guaranteed minimums. And it's, it's a weekly number. In other words, you won't make less than 45,000 divided by 52 something. You know, whatever that number comes out to, I do think we need a guaranteed minimum as part of a as part of the Commission, as part of the RG,

Speaker 2  22:51
you can only have a guaranteed minimum if you take The Commission right. I mean, obviously

Speaker 3  22:57
correct. So and again, yeah, the guaranteed minimum basically says, if you know your salary, whatever your compensation type is, if it doesn't equal that, then for this period of time, we will pay you this.

Speaker 4  23:17
But does that reverse calculate? Then again, do you have to, let's say you're you get your guaranteed salary one week, and your Commission's like, you're still $100 under what you would have to have for commissions. Do you have to sell up the next week? So up to that $100 and beyond in order to get a commission.

Speaker 2  23:47
So in other words, it's a year to date, or is it? Does it reset weekly.

Speaker 3  23:52
So far, we've been calculating year to date. That's what we've been doing with the guaranteed minimums. Now, okay, in fairness, what we've been doing is we don't factor in the minimum as part of the calculation, so it's just a number that we what we've been doing is we just pay that number if it doesn't equal a certain amount. So the year to date calculation always keeps running, and usually what's happened is the guaranteed minimum has a time frame for it, and once you're out of that time frame, you're in your regular compensation method. Anyway,

Unknown Speaker  24:29
go ahead. Well, I mean, it doesn't really matter what it is, we just need to name this well enough that we understand that it's a guaranteed average weekly compensation. And that's.

Speaker 2  25:06
Uh, horribly obtuse, but it's clear, clearer what it actually is.

Speaker 3  25:13
Okay, this brings up a bit of a conundrum, because as part of the amount that you're paying out each week, does it factor into the year to date calculation, or doesn't it? In other words, if you pay it out, I think this was your question mark. Is that if you're paid, if you were paid, minimums on a number of weeks used, I guess you would have to outsell that minimum, if we take it into the calc as part of the calculation of payout.

Speaker 4  25:40
Yeah. And from what I understood from you right now, that, just like, if you're five weeks getting the minimum, and then week six, you have, you know, you have, you have enough sales, did you get a little bit of commission that that's what you're paid? You don't. The only historical thing you factor in is if there was a cancelation, historically that you received commission for now or not, or I Don't, kind of confusing the two. So, okay, my first example, let's say you have six weeks where you sell, you just get the minimum amount. You don't sell enough to get any commission beyond the minimum amount. So you then week six, you sell enough that you get $100 of commission on top of your your salary, you'll receive that $100 right? You won't, we won't go back and say, well, but the last five weeks you, you dug a hole of negative 300 so,

Speaker 3  26:57
you know, I honestly don't know how this has been handled up until this point, and it may warrant a conversation as to what we want to do, because one of the other, one of the other compensation types that's been talked about that we haven't done yet is having the draw concept where, you know, you can be paid, You know, we expect you to sell X amount, whatever your compensation type is, in a month's time frame, but if it's beginning the month you're not, you know, making that you can draw on future commissions. That that is a concept we probably want to consider putting in here, because it is something that that Robert and I talked about actually doing fairly recently, but it's not something you're currently doing, but it is kind of the same concept. Is this guaranteed minimum? And maybe, maybe it is that we should scrap the idea of guaranteed minimums and let's just support the concept of a draw, because it's kind of the same concept.

Speaker 2  27:56
And would the draw be automatic, or would it be ad hoc? I mean, I mean, I think the guaranteed minimum is basically an automatic draw. And, yeah, you're and, but we could say, so good, yeah, I guess that's my question, automatic.

Speaker 4  28:15
I agree with you, Dwayne, that you probably want to get more clarity on you know, the intended you, just my gut feeling is that that it should like, if somebody's at the minimum, digging a hole, they should have to come out of that before they start getting commissions. Because it's all this sounds kind of ruthless, but it's, it's a way to anybody that's going to be underneath that for a long time anyway is not going to perform. And yeah,

Unknown Speaker  28:48
I think, I think

Unknown Speaker  28:49
for the sake of this push him out, I

Speaker 3  28:51
think for the sake of this conversation, Matthias, I'd say, let's, let's, let's write in that we want to support the idea of a selectable, ad hoc or automatic draw of and and then, obviously, if we go to if we want to start developing this, then we can get into the details of exactly we can we can nail down. We can get clarity on some of these things, on which direction exactly we want to go. But for the sake of evaluating the size of this project, I think for let's just, let's just say we want to support it.

Speaker 2  29:25
So this would be so this is as simple as saying weekly minimum for draw or weekly Um.

Speaker 3  29:45
Uh, is there is, would there be any reason to say that we want to get like, should it be not? Should it not be automatic draw? I guess, I guess it as soon as you say it's probably should be selectable. There should be a way. That you could say a sales rep can say, No, I don't want to hit my my automatic draw this week. I'll just take a lower paycheck this week. Probably ought to say that

Speaker 2  30:06
I would if I were running the sales team, which I'm not, maybe for the first four weeks. I don't know we're six weeks or however long it takes them to build out their pipeline, eight bags, whatever. Sure, automatic draw. But if you're in there for a year, then and you're not selling what you need to, I think you should call your sales manager or whoever, and have the conversation saying that you need to draw, and you should ask for it. Now, I guess seasonality, seasonality does affect us a little bit. But even with seasonality, if you're a year in and you haven't, well anyway, like, I don't know, maybe I'm you need to decide that that's a conversation for Robert and you and whoever.

Speaker 3  30:53
Yeah, so, I mean, I do think, I do think, as part of the RG line, it should be, there should be a selectable saying it's either automatic or requestable,

Speaker 2  31:02
it's always going to be okay. Do you want an automatic draw checkbox and then a and then a minimum compensation that's editable? If? If editable for the draw? Yep, yep.

Speaker 3  31:22
Yep, I think that's right.

Speaker 2  31:30
So the time card will have a draw dollar amount.

Speaker 3  31:37
And so then for guaranteed minimums, it's basically you just say that you have an automatic draw for a period of time,

Speaker 2  31:44
right? Yeah, and then you switch out your comp with comp to not get automatic draw.

Unknown Speaker  31:50
Yep, agreed. I like that. I think that's very

Speaker 2  31:53
flexible. And so the only real thing happens is that we'll overpay them conditioning. It'll automatically balance out, because that's how we calculate anyway, which is just delightful. Okay, so then I'm thinking, so that's a salesperson. I'm thinking of the time card differentiate between sales rep versus production add a section to freeze sales comp information on the time. Do we need to, okay? Do we need to freeze

Speaker 3  32:33
compensation? Wait, wait, wait, well, we'll back up. Are you thinking on tying this directly into payroll module as well, right away,

Speaker 2  32:40
not in the payroll module, but if we're, if we're tracking time, then I want them to put their information on the time card. I mean, we could add it to the to the payroll module and add just another Okay, here's what I would do, leave payroll module untouched, have a separate report, build out separate reports for sales reports and sales stuff. Okay,

Speaker 3  32:59
you started talking about timecard, which made me think that you were going to go into payroll modules, but I see where you're going.

Unknown Speaker  33:06
We just need that record to store, to track hours over time, etc. Yeah, makes sense. So, so we need a way to differentiate between sales rep versus production and time card.

Speaker 2  33:22
I think we freeze sales compensation information on the time card and when, when calculating owed Commission,

Unknown Speaker  33:33
we add based on order date, based on information on time card for order dates. Well, do we need to freeze comp information on the time card?

Speaker 2  33:52
We did this in payroll module because we didn't want people coming back to us and being like, oh, production shifted. Like, why?

Speaker 3  33:59
Yeah. But Okay, in this regard, production, okay, if you're going to use that concept, production does shift, because sales orders cancel,

Speaker 2  34:06
well, but we would, what we would do is we would use when a sales order gets canceled, yeah, that gets likely when a sales order gets canceled,

Speaker 3  34:16
yeah, I think you do. I do think you freeze it, because we don't want to affect historical compensation time cards. We want to affect future

Speaker 4  34:28
Brian, what happens currently, if, if you pay that, you pay commission on a sale this week, then next week, the custom comes back and adds a set of rams or upgrades to whatever makes $10,000 $5,000 of upgrades. You handle that same way you do cancelations. You just

Unknown Speaker  34:49
pay that exactly. Yeah. Okay, yeah. So we're always I have

Unknown Speaker  34:59
another question at it. Winnie,

Unknown Speaker  35:04
no, no, that answered my question. I'm done

Speaker 2  35:07
so if, if, what's her name? April sells a building in December, her commission resets in January, the customer cancels in January. Does she get? Does she get a free pass because her permission reset? Or does she still get a get a negative because it was canceled during the New Year?

Speaker 3  35:34
Okay? Currently, we make new commission?

Unknown Speaker  35:44
Typical software developer question, well, it's

Speaker 3  35:46
a good question, because it because we're not, we're not factoring for it. So I think we should factor for it.

Speaker 2  35:53
If I come on as a sales rep, I can make, I can make a whole bunch of bogus sales in December, and then reset and and then, well, I'm probably gonna have to walk anyway. I'm pretty sure if I try to hang on to that, I won't have a job anyway. So anyway, yes,

Speaker 3  36:10
in theory, you're correct, and thankfully that you know that was only in theory. That's why we didn't hire you as a sales rep

Speaker 2  36:20
before the commission start date, and the and the cancelation date is on or after the commission start date, we need to subtract the original commission amount.

Speaker 3  36:44
So the question, I guess, becomes Matthias is, do we always, are we just, do we always calculate backwards to the beginning of commission start date?

Speaker 2  36:52
Well, the main thing would be a draw reset, yeah, but in that case, couldn't you add a How would, yeah, that's, that's, that's the only reason we tear

Speaker 4  37:10
but Dwayne, don't you? Don't you want some cut off? Like, well, I guess in real life, cancelations don't happen, like, a year in, no, you don't make a sale, and then a year, yeah, never mind that. Would I was thinking you want some cut off time, or it no longer historical. Movement no longer affects pay. But that's not the reality of the business anyway, so nevermind i

Speaker 3  37:43
So the question, I guess the question you're asking Matthias is, do we have a draw reset, and when?

Speaker 2  37:50
Well, no. I mean, I think Mark is saying you want the reset. I think we just handled cancelations, isn't it, from an accounting standpoint, at least, it's kind of nice to know, okay, we've frozen this stuff like, I guess it's going to be frozen anyway. I don't know to know that some wonky change way back in history, if I mess around with the sales order, it's really, really nice to know

Unknown Speaker  38:20
whether it's affecting commission or not, right? Put it.

Speaker 3  38:32
Put it as part of the document of questions that need clarity.

Speaker 4  38:40
Dwayne, here's, I know this isn't this is a crazy thought, but, but why do we pay commissions at the time they write, instead of when the building's delivered?

Unknown Speaker  38:57
Why do you ask such questions? Mark, why?

Unknown Speaker  39:01
Well, what do we pay on cash collected?

Speaker 3  39:04
I would because, because when you start that down a direction, when you change people's compensation pathways, they get really nervous. Hence the reason we've never changed it. I would, I would be gung ho about the idea of changing on either building delivery or payment in full, that would, I would get really excited about that. Obviously, that would need to be approved by everybody involved.

Speaker 4  39:35
Well, the model, the shed model, that we use, and I think most of the industry does, in my opinion, whatever that's worth, encourages bad behavior. It encourages people that are or I don't know it, I know it huge shift to go the other, to go to some other model, but it would you. I think in long term, it would be less drama, and it would attract and retain better people. But I mean, is that something, does that factor in here at at all or not? I mean, it would simply be a different trigger point for calculating. Commissions, right? Like, that's not, wouldn't be a major shift in solve for design.

Speaker 3  40:28
I don't know. Seth, What? What? Adding say a checkbox on the record that says pay immediately or paid later, and factoring that into your into your macros, like, what? What are we talking about?

Speaker 1  40:43
As in, pay immediately would be, as soon as it's the sales orders, well, it

Speaker 3  40:47
would be, well it would be, it would be real time calculation paid out in the next pay cycle, versus when, when building goes to zero, or delivery one of the two, it would be, it would either be paid in full or delivered or delivered.

Speaker 1  41:07
I don't love trying to support both of them, but it feels like the structure would be somewhat different. I don't know. Am I right Matthias or not?

Speaker 2  41:19
Well? I mean, I don't know. Like, basically, you're looking at a sales order and saying, when, what's the effective commission date? Yeah, and that's fair. Look at the sales, sales rep. Look at their look at the comp. Look at the sign card for that date. Check the comp method, if it's based on on an order, order date, then it's the order date based on delivery date. Then is it delivered? And if so, it's based off of that. And if it doesn't have a building, it's always off of order date.

Speaker 1  41:57
Yeah. I mean, it doesn't sound too bad switching between would be like, if someone would switch from one to the other, that sounds like recipe for disaster.

Speaker 2  42:09
No, because you would look, it would be, it would be, you would use the

Speaker 1  42:16
Share what? Because you're gonna have, either you're gonna have buildings that are double. If you're switching, you're switching back to when it's when the quotes created, or whatever, then it would be, you have they get paid double, and if they're switching away from that to when it's delivered, then it'd

Speaker 2  42:33
be, you use the comp method of the date it was ordered, the week it was ordered. So if, but

Speaker 1  42:38
then Aren't you going to miss some buildings if you switch,

Speaker 2  42:43
it's always based on on the order date. So if, if this week's if I order this week and my this week, it says it's based on delivery. Oh, I see that. I don't calculate until it gets delivered next week. So you get an order date. Well, we the comp as an order date was based on order dates. You get paid based on order date. And so when you switch, there's going to be a time delay while all the old buildings get delivered. You get paid commission on those. Yeah, okay, I

Speaker 1  43:09
see. So your paychecks maybe could be wildly out of sync, but you're still going to get paid the right amounts Correct. Gotcha. Yeah, that makes sense.

Speaker 2  43:18
So, I mean, we should bring it in. So this is, this is a a commission date, commission effective date, and it's either order date. And then, then it's the question, what is it? Is it the pay and pull, which is going to add a few delays? Well,

Speaker 3  43:40
I would probably, I would probably say delivery date would be a more surefire method, paid in full, because a sales rep does not have control over collections, per se. I mean, and I don't know that we want to give them control over collections, I would say delivery date. Delivery.

Speaker 2  44:04
Yeah, okay, so if commission is based on order date included

Speaker 3  44:13
Mark, what do you think delivery date or paid in full?

Speaker 4  44:20
Well, I like the idea just from a high level of paid in full, but in having them, but, but you're right that they don't have the to, like, right now, if somebody doesn't, what's the process right now? If somebody, if a customer, hasn't paid in full, like, there's $2,000 to be collected. Yeah, I mean the customer,

Speaker 3  44:43
well, it depends on the district, I mean, but mostly for Ohio in North Carolina, that's someone in my office that are that is, that is, that's, it depends on the district. Ohio is a little bit different. North Carolina's a little different, and Indiana's all different, but it's. Someone, either the builder or in my office, is, is, is working the collections on that?

Speaker 4  45:06
Well, yeah, then, then that wouldn't, wouldn't work to do, do that.

Speaker 2  45:13
Well, Mark, there is, there is a hype. I mean, there's another option too, which is, which is commission based on cash collected. So they do the down, down payment, they collect the commission on that. They get, no, no, no,

Speaker 3  45:29
goodness, no, no, no, no, no, can you, can you imagine trying to, trying to, can you imagine trying to report on that? I mean, sales reps have a hard enough time understanding their commission.

Unknown Speaker  45:40
Okay, fair enough

Speaker 4  45:43
that, yeah, I think, as part of this, if we one of the deals, okay, I think it would be worth, from a cash standpoint, or from financially, to a company to pay, let's say pay dealers a half percent or one, maybe 1% more on commission, if, if they, if they opt to go with the method of waiting till the buildings deliver, being paid when the building is delivered, I don't know. Is that something we should think about building in, like, okay, you know the transition is going to be a little rough, because you're going to go through a drought here, and we'll work with you through that. But you know it's, it's, I don't know right now, it feels more like Get, get the customer to sign, and then dealers kind of done where making this transition a dealer would be taking some more responsibility just, you know, making sure that he gets all his is everything, making sure that the Building will actually can be delivered to the customer that he has all the details he needs on the order, everything that he possibly can to push it through, get it delivered as quickly as possible.

Speaker 2  47:13
So I have a perfect solution for you. You have two commission percentages. You have an order commission percentage and a delivery commission percentage, and you can have it 0% order. So this would let you do keep the existing one. You get 5% commission on on order. Or you can tell a dealer, look in, sales reps, look, we're going to switch to delivery based commission, but to make it easier, we're going to switch this one one point every quarter, so you're getting 5% on commission now, and we're going to start paying you 4% on commission, 1% on delivery for q4 and then q1 of next year, you're going to get 3% and 2% and then 2% and 3% and 1% and 4% and 0% and 5% so you can phase it in and out, but then you can, or if you want to keep them as saying that each district can decide. So, like, Ohio's like, going to be the just throwing people under the bus wildly. It's going to be the hard nosed sales manager. He's, like, we want to incentivize people for the right thing. Sorry, we're going to rip the bandit off. Next week, you're getting 0% order commission and 5% delivery commission and and Indiana is like, well, you know, long term, we just want three and two, you know, whatever, and everything. Everything just works.

Speaker 3  48:29
I like your, go ahead. I have, I have one. I think on the, on the delivery Commission. It should, it should skip a pay cycle. So whatever, whenever it would theoretically pay out, it goes one pay cycle out, and that is so that there's always a little bit of time frame to account for unhappy customer.

Speaker 4  49:01
Well, and I like the idea of, I think that's a great idea. I like the idea of doing, maybe even doing a split commission Long term, so say, two and a half, two and a half, or whatever, if we're doing a 5% so upfront you get, you sell a cottage today to the $20,000 cottage, so you're getting two and a half percent on that. And you know it's, it won't be delivered until, well, at time of delivery, then you get your remaining balance so,

Speaker 4  49:38
well, okay, so I'm talking out of with no actual experience, kind of like a bachelor I used to work with and he he knew all about child training, and could talk very intelligently about it. You know, even though he never had any children of his own, that's a little how I feel here. But okay, I think it could do several things. Like. So in that example, let's say production is what would happen is, if you're the top dealer to a company and you have a bake sale, you made, the customer wants it as soon as you as he possibly can, production is slammed. So most likely that dealers going to put some healthy pressure on production manager to get the shed built, delivered, you know, as soon as possible. Or just Yeah, make sure that stay in touch, stay involved with the process all the way through,

Speaker 3  50:41
ooh, ooh. Can we, I know, I know you're gonna roll your eyes at this one. But can we store the the commission amounts, that the Commission amounts on the sales order itself, the sales order records so that you can we can report on what we've paid out in commissions on that sales order. I

Unknown Speaker  51:07
don't know that you need to. We're freezing commission rates on the what you paid out.

Speaker 3  51:13
Well, okay, so here, here's what, here's what I'm thinking. I'm thinking on, I'm thinking about, how can we, like, we're going to have to build reporting on this that says you we paid you a commission. Here's a sales order, customer name, blah, blah, blah, here's what we paid you in commission. Like, you're going to have to build reporting that actually exposes these numbers to the sales rep so that they can pull this, say, on the dealer portal they can look at and go, Okay, well, here's what I should have been paid. And like, if you like, the reporting on this is going to be a little bit complex. And however we can, like, make this very, very visible and accessible to all parties involved, is going to be really, really helpful. I mean,

Speaker 2  52:00
that's as simple as on the sales order, freezing the date and commission earned, and

Unknown Speaker  52:09
potentially you could make that as Part of your accounting impact.

Unknown Speaker  52:19
Potentially we could then actually, conceivably do this. No, we don't want to do this. Okay, so on the sales order. I mean, shoot it down. Shoot

Unknown Speaker  52:41
it down quick. If you hate the idea, I

Unknown Speaker  52:44
don't think it's terrible.

Speaker 4  52:48
Dwayne, are you what one of the reasons you wanted is so that, so that you can show a deal, or you know how much commission he still has coming to him once you know on sales he's already made, right?

Speaker 3  53:06
I mean, that that is one piece of this. The other piece of this is that it would be really, really cool to have as part of every sales order record the sales expenses that were involved from involved in that sales order itself. Obviously, it's not complete sales expenses in that it's only capturing what we're paying to the sales rep. Obviously, there's more sales expenses that go into it, but at least you would have a piece as part of that sales order.

Speaker 2  53:35
I get what you're saying. So you could actually, I get what you're saying. So when you sell a pole barn, which whatever, for whatever reason. Oh, we lost mark. Then you get expense out the pole barn sales commissions appropriately.

Speaker 3  53:51
I mean, obviously you can tie the accounting impact into this in another way as well, I'm sure, but it would be very from a simplistic reporting standpoint. It for both sales reps, myself, for builders to be able to pull up a report on sales orders that says, Okay, here's my here's here's what this building, here's the income it generated, here's the sales expenses that it generated. Out to the sales rep, and it becomes, you know, part of the part of the record. Ideally, in a perfect world, we would have the the hauling costs on that. We would have the sales expenses. We'd have all the costs involved, but that's a bridge, way too far.

Speaker 2  54:27
So side note, I was told, I was told the black is an hour and I've got something scheduled at the top of the hour. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  54:37
we haven't even gotten to the carport condenser.

Unknown Speaker  54:41
No, we haven't, I'm

Speaker 2  54:49
not sure what. How soon stuff would you be ready to start coding this if we had this wrapped up?

Speaker 3  54:59
Well. It's more of a question of, are we, well, I don't know, Mark, this is this is more in your territory if we're going forward or not?

Speaker 4  55:08
Well, yeah, that's what we're trying to get a feel for. How big is this project? Because the one thing we have to do for end of year, sooner rather than later is the sales tax reporting, which I understand is going to be a set project, right?

Speaker 2  55:29
Yeah, yeah. I mean, I think, I think likely, I haven't given much thought to my availability over the next through the rest of the year, but certainly fighting off massive projects is not doesn't fit within our current currency.

Speaker 3  55:55
And for for the sake of clarity, sales tax reporting comes before this one. I

Unknown Speaker  56:04
as much as it pains me to say that.

Speaker 4  56:10
Well, I mean, Dwayne, can we do more than just I mean, there's, there's, there's, there's a number of questions that have to be answered. Came up today before we can even complete the design, as well as do the car report. Shouldn't we? Shouldn't we plan to complete the design and then at that point, see where it fits in? Well, I

Speaker 3  56:38
think that the whole, the whole intent of this was to get a a design started so that we can judge the size of this project just figure out whether we want to do it

Speaker 4  56:50
this year yet. And I feel like we're not. We need some more answers before we can what. We need some more answers on some of the I think are good ideas that we've been brainstorming about, like, is that something that we'll actually want to implement, because that could affect the size? And then we also have to talk about carport. So you're right. We'd wanted to get get a feel for size so we know whether we can do it this year or not for the dev priorities meeting tomorrow. But I would suggest we just at this point, we don't know on the size, and we, we try and set up a time next week to continue working on the design, and at that point, we just have to make a decision. Once we have that's my that would be my proposal, but disagree with me or let Yeah, jump in if you feel that's there's a better way to handle it.

Unknown Speaker  58:07
What's your thoughts with us?

Speaker 2  58:11
Well, part of me is not sure what there is to be gained. But I mean, if we know sales tax is a higher priority than this, I mean, I think there's value in chasing down. I don't know. I've noticed with you guys that between the time we nail something down and when we actually come back to it three to six months later, there's usually revisions, and so doing it as close to just in time as possible is, I think, the most efficient way, if like, it's not going to it's not going to change the decision, but sales tax is a higher priority, so let's just go do sales tax, and Dwayne can chase down some of these questions, which are great conversations to be having, and determine whether we actually need To split order and delivery commission. For example, it's 90% done. We got in there really quickly because of the notes that we have. It's not complicated. Nailing down carports closer to when we implement it is going to be best for Seth, anyway, so that's my proposal.

Speaker 3  59:19
But no, I agree this. This is pretty much 90% done, but based on the 90% that you know, a ballpark figure on time to develop.

Unknown Speaker  59:38
So, um, it's, it's, maybe I'm gonna just make a big number and Seth, how many hours are you doing on GFP? A month?

Speaker 1  59:59
Ross. Roughly 40 ish, it varies a little bit depending how much other people are doing. But

Speaker 2  1:00:06
I'm gonna make up a number and say it's gonna be probably not less than, I mean, it could be two weeks of calendar time for Seth, up to max, a month. I don't think it's that's being very conservative. I don't think it is that it's not less than it's it's more than it's a week or more of Seth's calendar time, at least. I think so. Does that sound about right? Two to two to four weeks? That's roughly what

Unknown Speaker  1:00:43
I would have said.

Speaker 4  1:00:51
Well, Dwayne, I think what we should do is is get sales tax out of the way as soon as we can, and then try and fit this in before end of year yet, because it would be real nice to have this all done, functional in place,

Speaker 3  1:01:06
and roll it out the beginning of the year. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 3  1:01:16
So action items for me is get answers on some of these, some of these brainy ideas that we have in here and and I can do that,

Speaker 2  1:01:29
you can do that. And then we can do, you guys want to set a date for sales tax design or no? Well, where is that? Where's the sales tax design and priority,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:48
I think, yesterday,

Speaker 4  1:01:54
what about what did we do the 26 just our normal 930 call, with 930 to 11, we plan to look at sales tax. Then,

Speaker 2  1:02:05
do you want me to invite Dwayne? I'm going to throw you on the calendar invite

Speaker 4  1:02:13
and do we? Do we need Josh for that or not because of his involvement with tax jar?

Speaker 2  1:02:19
I don't think so. Think we can start. The only thing that I think we could possibly, might possibly need, is, is if we need to trigger a recalculation of sales tax. But I think that's pretty standalone. Yeah, is that the only thing I'm aware about the time, I guess, pretty stand alone,

Speaker 3  1:02:32
Mark, you're not, you're not thinking, you're not thinking, to actually have TaxJar start handling the payments of this. Are you?

Speaker 4  1:02:41
No but, but we, and I wasn't sure we had talked about having it recalculate sales tax rate again, there's a slight chance that it would have changed from the time the order was created. Still, it's actually invoice, but,

Speaker 3  1:03:00
yeah, but I mean that that does automatically recalculate on the sales order. The only, the only tax jar recalculation that would need to take place is that the if the address is changed,

Speaker 4  1:03:14
are you saying we, currently, we we tax chart when we create the order, and then again,

Speaker 3  1:03:20
no, the only thing, the only thing we paying tax jar, is to tell us what is the county, state, state, county and city and rate. That's the only thing that we get from tax jar. Currently, everything else is calculated on the sales order record

Unknown Speaker  1:03:36
itself. But when do we, when do we ping tax jar for that

Unknown Speaker  1:03:42
at the time of order? Great

Speaker 4  1:03:44
deal. Yeah, okay, a chance that, if you want to get real technical, you should ping it again when you invoice because

Speaker 3  1:03:56
of a potential rate change, yeah, but, but at that at that point. I mean, okay, technically that that is

Unknown Speaker  1:04:10
maybe,

Speaker 4  1:04:15
but I think what Matthias is saying is, is that would be the only thing that we really need, Josh is to to do the mechanics from triggering, triggering that again, and how we handle that. But don't need Josh. We won't need Josh for the design only. We decide to do that, we'll have to communicate with Josh and what we want there, right?

Speaker 4  1:04:47
Good, well, that works for you guys. I'd say, Let's plan to do to cover that the 26 and get started with it. Then do.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:00
Sounds it came to me. Woohoo.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:12
Good,

Unknown Speaker  1:05:12
good. Anything else?

Unknown Speaker  1:05:17
No, not here.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:21
Thank you guys, I'm jumping off.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:24
Thanks. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai