Speaker 1  00:00
The relaxing and Cordyline which I think you've been here, right? Sorry, where's it for d'Alene, Idaho? Samina it's been over here.

Unknown Speaker  00:16
I think I've ever been. I don't think I've ever been diagnosed.

Speaker 1  00:21
It's a beautiful place, just, you know, woman in some places. My, it's fine. My husband has told me when he lived a little further south and east that it was a little bit different culture. So

Unknown Speaker  00:43
how are you doing?

Matthias Miller  00:47
Pretty good. Yeah, it's been. I don't know, it's been pretty intense. But some pretty interesting opportunities. Opening up to with Kevin shared my posts and got me connected to some folks. And I don't really, yeah, just some great people, smart intelligence and potentially some opportunities coming out of that.

Speaker 1  01:16
Yeah. Very cool. And looking back at what you've sent over through Voxer, and others a few things there, one of which I said, hey, it looks like there's some hype around the systems and hey, things like I wouldn't have anything new or different to say. So I want to make sure we do talk about that. But sure, what is your top of mind priority? Right now in this moment, just based on Java further along the process you've gotten the last few days.

Matthias Miller  01:51
Okay, so, I mean, this is, I'm still fighting this dry for, I don't know what certainty and singularity perhaps. So whether now's the time or not, or whether we still need to remain expansive in our thinking about this. The one interesting thing about the whole N funnel concept is it's been interesting to watch. But one of the guys that came and connected me with has has a group of coaches. And the problem is most of them are like startup phase style. I mean, there's some 70 year coaches in there, but mostly startup phase. And but the funnel thing was he was very, it's, it's interesting, when I talked to start talking to people about this, like, there's been some threads online where people are like talking about the anti, just briefly mentioning kind of an anti funnel sentiment, which makes me think that there's some something I don't know, in the air, moment of opportunity with it. And, and, you know, part of what I like about it is that it allows me to communicate the concept of, for lack of a better word, function, functional, but transcendent, as in the undefinable quality, how to market things that have market and sell things that have a bit of an undefinable quality to them, as well. And as a kind of a core value prop into giving people a taste and flavor of who I am, and in all the rest of the stuff that I do. So the opportunity seeking side of me is, you know, like, here's a great opportunity doesn't mean I have to take it, but the opportunity seeking credit means kind of it's paying attention.

Speaker 1  03:57
Yeah, absolutely. I do think that there's something in the air or something corporately. And people are just kind of tired of all the same stuff I've been seen for about a decade or so. And the, the consumers have gotten a lot wider, and the sea surfing, right. They've seen through the traditional marketing techniques of just creating scarcity to make the bot like they see it all they've figured it out unless they're brand new to the space. And so I was even visiting the conversation I had with the mica about a month or so ago, and then someone else that she had been mentored by who talks about not to been talking about similar things and so again, my brain always looks for patterns and connections and okay, what is God doing and what is the shift moving towards which I believe is in alignment with exactly What you're saying, right? So like she was saying she'd done like the detail from all the mentors to get back to like originality and what is God saying to do. And this other girl, I may send you her Facebook post for me, Phyllis in Mexico, and she even had a person last 24 hours, I think he's generating so much business by not using traditional marketing principles in the content. And people are flocking to different and it shows the authenticity and the whole body of work, where you can see there's a depth to it. It's not just talk, or it's like, even the media, trying to imitate other people. But when you so the expertise and the depth of what you walk yourself or your clients through, it speaks volumes to people that you're not one of the top of your real deal. So I do think there's something to it, I think there's a big shift to that just kind of like how an Instagram people stopped using filters, however, many years ago that was, and they're like, oh, you know, hashtag no filter, so true like that, but the onion funnel or, you know, non traditional marketing or old school type of technique. So, yeah, so that.

Matthias Miller  06:24
So then, I mean, the question then is, do you capitalize on this by building, you know, building kind of a movement and becoming a bit of a spokesperson for what's happening? Or do you just capitalize on it by using it? And going, going that way? So

Speaker 1  06:47
yeah, so the question. Yeah. So ultimately, you want to lean into your own thought leadership around it. So I know you've made your own observations. So we start sticking to that, and why the traditional way why the funnel concept is just no longer the way of the future, like, however you want to word it, but I would give your own take on it. So that people are paying attention to you, you're not just another voice and making other voices. But if you if your lens and your expertise speaking into it and attracting your people, just like Perry, you know. He's 1,000,000,009, he speaks what do you see? So

Matthias Miller  07:33
I think one of the questions is, if I do a JV with this guy, first of all, it's a lot. I mean, it's, it's, he does if I fix it's like 14 investment to get in front of 100,000 people. Do you see for now, a guy that Kevin Kevin referred by? Okay. He's seen similar offers convert at about 170 foot, most of his offers are one to 5k. You've seen similar offers convert at like one to 200 people taking up on an offer along these lines. And so, one of the things I've been playing around with, I've been following Dan Bolton online for a little bit. And one of the things that he's been talking about, it's been the idea of proximity offers where people are really more interested about, yes, they want results. But they also want connection. And they want to be around people who are aligned with them. And his basic model is, get them to pay on a weekly basis, have a 12 to 16 week, kickstart get them used to paying weekly, have it be a nominal investment, and then at the end, do whatever you can to keep them on in continuity. And, you know, for people who are looking to do this, first of all, getting some fundamentals around reframing how you networking, getting the old ways to market and sell and getting old leads out of your head can be a great 90 Day sprint and building some momentum on what is your authentic way to show up. Then there's also this thing of like, you're gonna need somebody to walk this journey alongside you, you shouldn't do it alone. And we can't figure this all out for you. But we can certainly be here for you. And we are in here for the long term. And so if you're looking at 100 conversions, times 25 bucks a week as a price point, which is on the bottom end of what you'd have to do. That's 10k of recurring revenue.

Speaker 1  09:57
Yeah, and a couple things got your number one with this opportunity? Who is the audience? And what stage of business? Are they in? Are they new? Staff because for $100 investment, you don't usually see a more established person in that environment unless there's like a very specific one thing they're going and therefore, they don't really value it. If it's only 100 bucks. Depending again, you know, if you want to work with the newer startups, that could be a good option. But if you're wanting to focus on your seven figure, plus people that a misaligned audience and Ira harmless the hard way before. And that out, it takes a while to kind of recover from that when you still be audience with the wrong people. Make sense? And I'm also a little befuddled as to why equally, because not across the board, but I would, I would think that it would be a higher risk. And aesthetic is the sound from Sony 100 bucks a month. Right? But like, there's probably a higher likelihood of a default. If you're trying to build something weekly. And it just, it might become a little bit more of a pain in the ass. I don't know. That's just my my perspective that that came to light here. Anyway, so I don't really understand why weekly versus monthly or a handful. But that's not the right person in there. So

Matthias Miller  11:48
yeah, fair enough. I think that's yeah, I have not. He's replicated this borrowing from Dan Bolton. And I don't know the full rationale behind it. And he's done it for low ticket and high ticket, where to the tune of? I don't know, I think maybe 500, or a couple grand a week. Maybe 15 1500 a week. And the primary reason was, is to reduce the is the reduced the sticker shock? So I don't know if it's effective or not, or I don't know, with what is worked for him. But I don't know that the nuances. So but the next which, and I get where you're going with that, then the next question is, so I pulled up a revenue report for what my brother and my colleague have built for the software project that we've been building out. The fully custom ERP that we've built out. And hosting fees and development is about all said and done is over a little over 800 grand. And so, all of a sudden, I'm thinking well, you know, what I did for these, for this play in the first five months was really impressive. And now, now it's like, can you actually scale traffic and all this other stuff for the client? I've been talking about it for these guys. Being a co architect a three quarter plus million dollar software projects, and actually be successful. And actually having designed in the ERP from ground up, even if it's, I mean, it's fully functional. It's not does not have, obviously, it's built for a specific business in a specific industry, but that's a fairly impressive achievement. Definitely. And I've been in like, at the same time, like okay, so that I don't know what to do with unsettled thing. But with this as well, there is a level of alignment with systems and software and but what I wish

Matthias Miller  14:25
and I wonder if there's a way to, like do you only do this as a as a one off thing. But I don't know what this looks like. And I guess there's a little bit of a wish for me that there would be some scalable components in what I'm offering in some form of the continuity program. And I don't know what that is or what that would look like.

Speaker 1  15:00
Yeah. So as an example, right, so, Barbara and Andrea started using go high level early on. And they certify other productive environment specialists, right. So that's one of the things that they have for an ongoing revenue and retention strategy is that they're providing the CRM, they get their specialist get full access to go high level. And I mean, Bourbon Android don't pay any more for it, because I think that's the agency level, whatever you call it, right? There, people get more and more often, in their mind, right, it becomes a bigger pain in the butt to stay with it, and even renew every single year, right? So but because you have the ability to code your own systems, your own software, if you wanted to, or pay someone else to build whatever it is that you've put together conceptually, that is one way to create continuity, having people stay with you for five years. Whether it's something like that, or, and, or offering ongoing service and support at a high level that maybe you charged 1000s and 1000s of dollars per year for that like kind of maintenance program. But having access to is invaluable and it could result in multiple six or seven figures for their company in any one particular year. Right. So they're paying a fraction of the price to have an accent. So there's, there's a lot of different ways to work that out. But I do think from my perspective, I'm not a I'm not a systems expert, but from my perspective, I do think that there would be a huge opportunity for that.

Matthias Miller  17:05
So I mean, the challenge I faced with

Matthias Miller  17:14
okay, if I if I I'm uncomfortable, I'm slightly uncomfortable, I have an opinion about what AI is doing to the software industry. And I think that that the really big companies like Microsoft and Oracle and apple and all of them will have huge leaps forward and the small non AI software solutions are fairly quickly going to become isolated and obsolete and there's a whole cottage industry of really small AI applications which you already seen by the hundreds of 1000s and that that the new little startup mini software project for small people is some kind of AI tool and so I don't know if this is head trash or I don't know if this is actually just I don't want it I enjoy designing software I in the cost of actually building out software and especially with the impact of AI add on or integration required at some point makes me pretty hesitant to say I'm gonna go build out a product

Unknown Speaker  19:00
that's fair enough.

Matthias Miller  19:02
And so if I had to say here's the ideal here's one thing I know has worked well for me has been imagine more along the lines of there is a master maybe not quite an encyclopedia of information. Imagine that there's a various levels of courses are something along the lines like around specific problems like you need to choose an ERP How do you go about it? You need to work with a I don't know fill in the blank there might be some licensed content. And imagine on top of that, then that you have a an LLM or series of LLM. I mean this won't. Okay like I mean I know there's really The tropics, simple example is taking open source ERP like European X or ODU. Go take all of their documentation, put it into an LLM, they'll put all of their forums, put it into an LLM. And have that as a, you know, added added bonus. There's not much of a moat around it. But there's all of these ways to become the

Matthias Miller  20:31
Yeah, I don't know, the broker of information, I suppose the thing I'm not completely sure about is do I need to worry about? Is this a play of it's heavily dependent on my experience that I have building out the systems, that means I'm smack dab in the middle of the business, which is, in certain certainly be a great gig for a number of years. And I don't know that it necessarily just stopped me. Although, if I got in my head too much, it probably would.

Matthias Miller  21:13
Have, and plus, there's also this other, this whole idea of working kind of kind of the work with the second in command types of people. And don't give them the tools to go build out what they need to. And a kind of choisi support. Group, whatever.

Speaker 1  21:39
Yeah. Okay, so just the last few minutes. Yeah, this is what I'm pondering again, yes. I think it was last week's conversation at after roundtables. They posed a question to you about what you really enjoyed doing or something in that regard. Right? And I believe your answer was an essence, like, it sounded like you enjoy, like that one on one, being in there with them solving all these problems, like more like a traditional consulting model that we think of. And, you know, we have to start out this conversation today with okay, you know, is there opportunity to really scale and have, you know, continuity recurring income with us. And those, in my mind, those are two very different models. And so I do wonder if part of you is still wrestling back and forth between the two, and not fully clear yet, what it is that you actually want to hear if you want a little bit more, kind of hands off, like bringing a group of people through or several different companies through or representatives through at the same time, and scaling up that way, versus going deep and more of like a one to one consulting model? What are your thoughts on that? You feel a bit of a wrestle or?

Matthias Miller  23:13
Yeah, I think it's fair to wrestle

Speaker 1  23:17
is ultimately a mean, it's really down to what it is that you actually want, in being able to just fully let go, everything else that we see out there everything that other mentors, or coaches tell you all you should build your company this way, right? I'm just mean, okay, saying like, that's not actually what I want. And it doesn't matter which of those points, then it's just coming back to you authentically, like what do you really, really want? Do you like the challenge of being in the league and solving really critical problems? Or do you want to stay higher level and teach a bunch of different people the concepts and how you think?

Matthias Miller  24:05
I don't know how to answer that. Because I see pockets of this, like what did I do today? Well, one of my clients, they want to implement an LMS using their, their platform and their tools, which I'm deeply familiar with. And they don't, they don't want to pay for any custom development that the platform can support. So there's a lot of like, Alright, we're gonna get crazy with this. And how can we make the most out of the tools we've got and build something that works? And I'm working mostly solo, but it's proof of concept. It's exploratory. It's new. And I enjoy that. But there's not a lot of mean, yeah, I'm in the weeds, but I don't have to be. The thing I really, really like, dislike is the anal error checking. Like, did you for sure, every possible scenario correctly? Oh, gosh. But then also like earlier in this call with one of the folks I was one of Kevin's folks I was chatting with, get started in a conversation, and he's talking about his challenge, and they're generating all these leads, and they're not closing them. And what I instinctively want to do is for asking him a bajillion questions, and figure out exactly what it is that that's the case. Yeah. And I suppose my instinct after that is probably going to be to dig and get into the weeds and figure out what needs to happen to actually make it happen. Yeah, we're calling somebody who knows exactly what it is. So we can solve that. And if it's clear that it's the problem, and they don't want to address it. I know that I need to let it go. But there's still a little bit of a gut punch, because that's done. Why would you sell them as critical issue?

Matthias Miller  26:32
I also really enjoy the philosophical like, here's how I think kinds of probably mostly in writing, sometimes in speaking, but it's probably more difficult for me to, for me formulate that. Spoken as of now, it might just be a muscle thing.

Speaker 1  26:56
Yeah, yeah, that could definitely be built up over time. Because I think there's part of this, that I'm even learning about myself, these last couple of years, is that I've had a lot of head trash, that leave, like the fear of the bear, like whatever it is, I tend to start walking my ability to really think on the spot and speak on the spot, right? And hence, I hate doing videos that I'm gonna push myself you all night, right? And so there may be absolutely a point of growth there. Like you said, there's a muscle development and an overcoming all the other head trash that's going on that makes you think, Oh, I'm not that great of a speaker. And my safe space is to be able to write so that I have time to process and still edit in order to actually get the message across. But I want to get across. So if you think it's a point of growth, guess right now writing this spring. But absolutely, that does not mean that that's everything you should only do from my perspective, no period perspective might be different with marketing DNA and such. But lots of times are hedged around that that's holding us back

Matthias Miller  28:14
I mean, so part of me sees the possibility of overweight

Matthias Miller  28:33
I became part of a group by a guy by the name Travis sago, who has all kinds of lingo and jargon, and like encyclopedias of information in his group, which is absolutely overwhelming and not helpful. And his way of expressing content doesn't make sense. So he has good ideas, but only the right kind of person actually understands and wants to engage with what he's saying. So in terms of a course, from talking about courses for me to have a course that I sell on repeat, is not that interesting? Sure, but as a but if there were a model in which there's some kind of if a I don't have to rerecord the content every time I don't care if that's a hate inversion. Like it's regenerated every time we redo it or a it goes out of favor with a specific person or Audra does it or I don't know. But where it's lightweight to make changes, a model where, you know, it's a 16 week program. Each week you go through these, these items and exercises and then you bring questions And if there's a way to be able to answer those questions not through constantly getting on a call, but making the content better. That's something that I think I could

Speaker 1  30:23
possible way to do that, that I've seen others do that's very helpful is been recording bite sized videos, it might be two to 10 minutes long. That answer was very specific question. I apologize for the background noise. But answering one very specific question. So then, as they have the question that can go into your portal, and they can do a search. And they can pull that up. Because whether it's AI, or whatever is just that question wasn't addressed in the original content, it can still be added in very easily, without having to completely redo an entire module.

Matthias Miller  31:09
And with an LLM, it becomes even that much easier

Speaker 1  31:16
yet. So yes, so if it's something you're excited about doing, it can certainly start building that. If you don't feel quite excited about it yet, you're maybe pulled off, put it on the bookshelf, and maybe it makes sense to bring it out later. With said, a couple minutes ago, here, when we're talking about one on one work for a scalable model. A lot of times, like when we're starting out or starting with something new or a new concept, that one on one is where we really learn the ins and outs of all the stuff that we're going to bump into that we can then use to create the content, whether it's the course or some other group programming, bring people through, be able to then say, Okay, here's the framework, or here's like the five things that you need to look for. And if it's if you're dealing with this problem, well, then here's how we resolve that. This problem, here's how we resolve that. So the one on one is really your training grounds, to then be able to scale things layer two, or you can do a little bit of both, at one time, just like the hybrid program I did with you guys initially. Where it was okay, here's the concepts, let's talk about those on the live calls. And then we're gonna go deep one on one, actually get you guys the results and figure out what is the actual problem underneath that we're trying to solve? Because your problem is very different from barbers, which is very different than Roberts and so on. So let's say I got like, a, great where you're at, and be okay, shifting, pivoting, adding to it as you go. Don't necessarily try to like pitch and self, your self into one pole and say, Okay, this is the thing that I have to do, or I have to show the round table or somewhere else saying like, this is the thing. Yeah, this is all in building. Over time, I know my hash and everyone else have watched us too. So I don't want to forget that. So the first few minutes of our call here, you're mentioning like a 16 weeks offer something like that, right? Yep, that might be good for you. If we haven't talked about this, before, be intentional with the length of time of any programs that you want to offer to make sure that it actually fits your energy best work. So if like a 12 month program feels like that's too long for you, I'm just gonna get bored, then don't offer a 12 month program, even if even if it looks like the three month commitment, and then if they renew for another three months and so on or six months or what have you. So bouncing between your energy and what is going to keep you excited and most engaged. And then how long will it actually take them to get the promised results? Right? They're gaining momentum or getting wins or getting a result within the three months timeframe. Then you can have more than a month or so before I say hey, you know, here's you're doing great this, these are the wins you've already had. This is fantastic. And here's the gap. And here's how I can help you to get to this next milestone. If we continue to work together for another three months or just telling them like this is how long it's actually going to take to get there. We actually need to work together. Another six months or something like that right? Building first being mindful of how you operate.

Matthias Miller  35:13
Yeah. And I think I'm realizing, I mean, there's a lot of flexibility that I have in the work that I do under. I'm learning more and more with the variables non variables are. So I mean, it's been a relief to me, for example, not to be so closely tied to my brother. And I've actually been enjoying the I don't know, he doesn't always he, he has a mind of his own, I wouldn't call him an ideal client. In some cases, he kind of throws up his hands on ideas because of overwhelming head trash and other things. But on the flip side, I'm no longer in a position where the relationship is structured that there is where I'm negatively impacted, if he doesn't take my advice.

Unknown Speaker  36:18
Exactly. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  36:22
And so, so that feels much better. And my other two clients, like I do enjoy the great people. And I have the opportunity to work on new interesting things that are, have some significance to you know, there's some significance, they're connected to some major company priority

Unknown Speaker  37:03
I guess part of the issue is

Matthias Miller  37:10
what really is the well, okay, so.

Matthias Miller  37:29
There's perhaps some kind of a.

Matthias Miller  37:41
Knowing urging something to create, and like the funnel concept, for example. Like there's this

Matthias Miller  38:07
like, I don't know what it should be. But whether it's a book, whether it's a message, whether it's a the makings of a course, whether it's, I don't know what it is.

Matthias Miller  38:29
I don't know. I want to go from just I want room for expression in some form. Yeah, that's right. And I and I, ideally in a way that provides long term value and isn't just zigzagging off because of, I need a creative outlet for because I see this opportunity

Speaker 1  38:59
I think is all really starting to come together for you, which is great. And it could definitely take the form of a book. I will tell you from my own experience, I'm like, Okay, I'm writing this book this year. And then like, my brain keeps hitting the brakes. Because I'm like, Well, I don't know. And you kind of build a little bit more and you just sit down and like really take this really clear before I'm like, Oh, this crap comes up. But what I have found is that my LinkedIn social posts helped to pull out of me that content that could potentially go almost verbatim, straight into the book, or just methodical bad or build it out further and make it a full chapter. That kind of stuff, right? So choosing your candidate in hand, right? So right now everything that you're already starting to read and put out there may be those beginning makings of your actual book, whether you write it your this year or next year. Other side note, if you didn't check, you might want to try to, you know, start talking a little bit about the unfurl and submit for trademarks, if you do feel that you want to move that direction, claim that that's something I'm working on right now. So I really do feel like everything is assimilating and coming together, like there's been kind of bits and pieces scattered around. And now you're starting to see how the puzzle pieces fit together. Right? I personally feel like I'm not saying you should definitely write the book. But I do feel more drawn towards that for you versus, of course, partly because like courses are so easy to have other people come around copycat you, and then you just like become one in a million. Whereas the book will really establish you with that authority, and credibility, beyond what I built the course. Well. With that, though, you also want to be mindful, it's good, you're already starting this process to building up your email list, building up your following, so that if you didn't write the book, when it comes out, you've got a good list of buyers ready, and people around you who love you like myself, I would write your review straightaway, all that stuff, right? To really support you, from the get go to have a really strong launch. Otherwise, if you write a book a little bit too soon, without having those elements in place first. You'll have the authority in hand the book out and whatever. And you can say, Yeah, I'm a published author. But you're just going to set yourself up for so much more success in the eye of the consumer if you've got all of that underneath us first. And you can kind of do that too in tandem also. So it means the book could be a thing within the next 12 months. But I would strongly urge you to it can be working on building up your list or following before it comes out. So you may not want to launch it here this summer. But it could be soon and the last

Matthias Miller  42:23
so the thing I've wrestled with is what is the I don't know like the term business by design has already taken there's a guy who's running a program like that, but I love the the this could actually be a really great book a lot of work and maybe not my natural plan of attack but sorry, let me frame the problem first and after this idea. The challenge is if I publish and funnel it will take on a life of its own it will attract a lot of internet marketing types are disillusioned with internet marketing types which might be fine I don't know the there's a lot of a lot of things you can do with the audience if you have them depending on the taping quality of it. But the what I really want is a book that captures my value proposition in a nutshell that whether or not people whether it's in one sentence, or they have to read 20 to 30,000 words and figure out that at the end of the day feel compelled to pick up the phone and call me because or or I'm on an aspirational list like I can't wait until we can hire this guy.

Unknown Speaker  44:07
Yeah, that's awesome.

Matthias Miller  44:09
So one idea would be to I mean there's various taking things like my funky shoe posts or my nice desk post or my any number of other things and having a coffee table style book that captures some aspects of what I think is good design in a business and business environment

Matthias Miller  44:52
and, and more of a kind of like Terry's short little book except To more visually appealing, more of a coffee table style I guess what I'm wrestling with is the infernal is probably the single core idea that I feel like. Like what I like about it is it many people are thinking about not everybody, but many people end up thinking about sales and marketing ends up being top of, it's a I don't know, maybe it's not true of the people I want to work with. On lower levels, it catches a lot of attention. It's a single cohesive idea that has legs. And through which, if people are listening carefully, they can capture the breadth of my value proposition. But I don't like is, it may have the potential of kind of pigeon holing me as the, you know, the NFL guy, the marketing guy, the sales guy.

Speaker 1  46:17
Yeah, which would be in direct conflict with wanting to be the system, this guy? You know, like, depending right, he was able to write books on Google ads, Facebook, AD, funny enough, we understand like, okay, there's this comprehensive marketing and business principles that he understands. So like, ensemble could be one of those niche topics within a broader Stanford's problems that you saw, right? So you could have book number two, that comes out and talks about existence and the structures that make it all work or you know, something like that? You could do you just need to be intentional with the broader strategy and how to actually build this out so that people understand these are all the different problems that I solve. Without just seeing them or yeah, they can be done. Thoughtfully, yes.

Speaker 1  47:37
Okay, let me be a little dangerous and ask you this question. Well, the 24 month if you spent 80% of your time talking about ensemble, and marketing, and what that looks like, if you're not just building a funnel, then would you be excited about that? Or does that feel free to check?

Matthias Miller  48:09
I think it feels too restrictive. Whatever would be much more excited about is something that gives me the opportunity to I don't know, knock over the hornet's nest, and whatever direction we need to go it allows us to go that way.

Unknown Speaker  48:51
So in your world, what is the hornet's nest? What is

Unknown Speaker  49:03
I don't know how to I don't know how to

Matthias Miller  49:12
I mean all starts it all comes down to what what a business owner actually wants and what they're looking to build and what's getting in the way between between the vision and the implementation and it's like I almost need like a new I've said this before but I mean, there's a skill sets at play, which are systems thinking and all the contexts around measurement and you know, whatever. And systems and, and marketing yourself and sales itself and ops and finance all that stuff. Like that's all that I love you be able to use those if those pieces in my work but the but I don't want to I mean, one of the things that comes to mind is, is I've described myself previously as being often too visionary to be a three to gol or to a C. And being too integrator ish to be a visionary and feeling like feeling like like a bridge between the two. So if you had to take that concept and turn it into a book, the book is something like the sea, the sea CEO and COO gap.

Matthias Miller  51:02
And I don't know exactly what insights I would have on along those lines. But I'm sure that if I set my mind to it, that there are definitely things that I could do I have enough stuff that it would be a book?

Speaker 1  51:24
Yes. On that note, so this is what comes to mind I can you said the CEO? Oh, and just like so. When? What the heck is it rocket fuel, Eos, whatever it was called? Yes, with integrator in it right. To my knowledge, the word integrator did not exist before that book, right. But then it shows up in all these circles for the last several years. So you could introduce the very concept in your book, you just figured out your own name that you make up or glean in the Holy Spirit. Hey, what do we want to call this thing? And you could write about that thing? And everyone knows, oh, oh, yeah. No, you need to go learn from the bias, because he's when he talks about this, no one else talks about this. Well, okay, but what the heck does that even look like to have someone with that skill set in a company? Well, you know, when you read the book, you figure that out, like, oh, my gosh, light bulb moment, that's exactly what we need, because this company, or sorry, this department can't really talk to this department, we've got all these breakdowns. I mean, you could do that you could take that concept. And you could write that book. To them describe what the heck it is you actually do, and how you are so unique, and you don't fit into any box.

Matthias Miller  52:47
It's kind of like a sign that I like tapping into into EOS. Because there's a lot of there's a lot of the cross section between the businesses I want to serve and businesses implementing ELS is it's fairly well correlated. I think if I had a way to dip into that pool, I would be happy. What idea is something I don't know that this is the right term, but you mentioned people not understanding each other. That's the idea of a of an executive translator. And maybe that's not the right term, but it's the

Unknown Speaker  53:27
well, it really is.

Matthias Miller  53:28
It's a very similar story. How many times have you had sales yelling operations because they are so lazy, and obnoxious. And the ops folks yell at the salespeople because they're so cocky and arrogant, and they're always trying to do things that they shouldn't. And would they please stop asking for these dumb dumb things?

Speaker 1  53:55
Stupid? Yeah. Yeah. My father in law right now they even if he's on vacation that we can use with us. He had an all company meeting the other morning called, you know, 12 hours prior, right? What the hell's going on? And super difficult place that he's a salesperson. He's been with him for decades. And they felt like Toro equipment and stuff to golf courses and things like that, right? But Toro is so backed up right now. It'll be two years to deliver on. And their customers are calling them up like hey, where the hell is my thing that I want? And like literally, because leadership is telling this sales people on this call, kind of need to dance around it. You don't think anything bad about just like I'm like, Are you freaking kidding me? And I'm like, have not really been talking to each other like and so yeah, He was just like yours was the damage control call because they they don't want their employees leaving and they got what the customer, you're supposed to keep playing this dance. Like, how awkward is it that you put yourself in this position? And he was like, Yeah, you know, they could just go to a competitor by John Deere and have their stuff really fast. So my head, and I don't know how this works. And I haven't talked to him about it. But I was like, why don't you guys just start selling John Deere drop frames for customers from the revenue to the one who can actually deliver? Right? What you're saying is very similar, right? And like, there's all these different, you know, Leadership isn't talking to their people, or vice versa. And like the problems they solve, and the things that come up with sometimes makes no sense at all.

Speaker 1  55:46
And actually making it work, and bring that revenue in and have a happy culture.

Matthias Miller  55:55
Yes, throw one more. Throw one more in like the story from the client. Partners, like, we're not we're spending too much on leads, hey, let's use Facebook lead forms. Salespeople are like, there's a lot of these are that are like five states away. And I can't read many of them. And like, oh, but no, but we need to get this. Okay. Like, are you freaking kidding me right now. So sales and marketing, the gap between that salespeople just can't close marketers can't generate leads? Well, where's the true responsibility? How do we determine whether which person is doing their job, and it's really not that complicated. But if you only just knew, then you could find out. And by the way, your salespeople will tell you what you need to change in your marketing, or at least they'll give you ideas? And

Speaker 1  56:49
MQL, instead of just the lead, that was no good. Yeah. And so also, you know, we're talking about this right, so what you were talking about before about helping agencies? Because these are the problems agencies are dealing with? So these are the bigger companies dealing with this stuff in house? If they are, right. And so you can still be seeking to that point, regardless of whether it's an agency or not, especially if agencies would, like go under with everything that's shifting up, because the bad boys need this problem solved. Because they're so disappointed. They can't even keep. Yeah, so So

Matthias Miller  57:35
every chapter of the book can be, can be another one is tech versus non tech. Like, that's a huge pain point. And so the chapters can just be all of these different, like, people who are at odds and are talking past each other. And then the impact of that, as well as painting a picture of what it looks like when people are actually able to talk each other's language and work towards a common solution. Yeah. That one, yeah. So then, I will love it what do we call that? That's the question. That is the question. I think if the like the Tower of Babel is like that's like the classic

Matthias Miller  58:44
image of what's going on

Unknown Speaker  58:52
but it's almost like a I don't know what it is. What is it?

Unknown Speaker  59:14
Might have to like do a Google search on some synonyms? I don't know.

Matthias Miller  59:24
I mean, it could be a an accelerant to catalyst. Either those are perfect. What do you call it? I've heard this before. There's a in an engine. When you're when you're shifting gears and you want to see a synchronizer when you're shifting gears and you want to want to get in sync with my dad was talking about this. It was one term that he used to describe it. But that's the concept

Unknown Speaker  1:00:08
All right, well, so go ahead.

Speaker 1  1:00:14
Yeah, so I'm looking like synonyms for the word bridge just as a starting point. I kind of like this word. I'm not saying this is it I'm gonna text it but it's the sort of go through

Speaker 1  1:00:41
I don't like this. I don't know, it could potentially be like a book title, maybe. And you can play around with it. So connection the phone with an axe. Yeah, like, the X ray can kind of be the bridge crossing over between departments. Right? So it could even be like four points with that X, like between ops and marketing and sales, finance, whatever. And then also talk about relationships and connection and stuff like that. That could be something to play with.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:18
Right brain could

Speaker 1  1:01:20
be Yep. And he could like blow up the apps on the cover. So he, you know, so that that's a lot bigger than the surrounding unless it gets too confusing. Like connection points or something like that, you could potentially play with that. Or we could look at other words like for integrators that are different

Matthias Miller  1:01:46
Well is there in in the spirit of the UN of the UN's is there another term if we're doing something to the business or to the people for the people

Speaker 1  1:02:08
Yeah, I mean like on silo but I feel like people have talked about silos quite a bit

Unknown Speaker  1:02:16
right

Speaker 1  1:02:17
a little more unique silo and it was still there we go

Unknown Speaker  1:02:46
oh

Unknown Speaker  1:02:53
I'm really good

Unknown Speaker  1:03:02
sounds like a fiber branding campaign.

Speaker 1  1:03:05
Yeah. Are you okay on time by the way for we're a little over but I feel like we're in a good flow so I'm not interested to leave any greater ground over here interested in desegregation comes up kind of loaded

Unknown Speaker  1:03:35
like unsegregated all these other connotations

Matthias Miller  1:03:43
Yeah, the the AI stuff doesn't I don't know. I don't want to get too close. I might be politically loaded

Unknown Speaker  1:03:55
right

Matthias Miller  1:04:19
what's the opposite? I mean, holistic, opposite of holistic is monolithic.

Matthias Miller  1:04:41
Or, I don't know if it's an opposite, but it's at least one word that

Speaker 1  1:04:50
all right. So the word fractionalization. And you know, like the whole like fractional CFO CEO. Oh that like um fraction or something that's cracked and just make up a newer

Unknown Speaker  1:05:10
he fractionalized.

Speaker 1  1:05:19
is d d with D FRAC if you didn't see your computer

Matthias Miller  1:05:30
defrag which used to take. I mean, it's from way back in the past when your computer used to store when it was more efficient for your computer to store all the pieces on the same physical proximity on your hard drive. And so it would move files and stay in the same place, but it would rearrange them in a more efficient manner on the physical drive.

Speaker 1  1:05:57
Does that make sense of what you do from an operations perspective?

Matthias Miller  1:06:06
Not I don't think so because it feels to me like it's well first of all, first of all, it's a little arcane, like people don't really know what it means but also

Matthias Miller  1:06:21
it doesn't change your file structure and folder structure and how things are organized and laid out and tied together which I think captures more of this.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:15
Later

Matthias Miller  1:07:24
polyglot, somebody who's proficient in multiple languages

Matthias Miller  1:07:41
the weird thing is that the integrator, so word integrator has the sense that they should actually be able to do this

Unknown Speaker  1:07:54
yeah.

Speaker 1  1:08:00
You think that they do a good job of it? Or how would you make it better?

Matthias Miller  1:08:07
Well, I mean, we can't use the term because it's overloaded. But in some of the, you know, in the tech space, no, because there's clearly skills, skill gaps. And with some of these other folks, it's like it is kind of their responsibility to do it. They just have absolutely no idea how to do it but it's, it's another way to frame it is.

Matthias Miller  1:08:47
It's like, you know, would you call the person who everybody has court courses to go through? But you either need somebody I don't even know. I don't know that. I really liked this direction. I liked the idea of finding a name that captures the identity of this person. Yeah. I EME

Speaker 1  1:09:17
is not there yet. That's okay. Oh, come on.

Matthias Miller  1:09:31
There's also this interesting idea along the lines of like going around architecture engineering, architectural engineer isn't really that's not even quite the right thing though. Yeah. Absolutely. All right. Well, but regardless what the term is, this is enough that if I wanted to make an outline, I would start by making an outline of Of all the people who are at odds with each other, and the symptoms and the outcomes of integrating them

Matthias Miller  1:10:15
and dropping some interesting stories of work that I've done. And the

Matthias Miller  1:10:31
other another analogy that people have used is an orchestra where you've got all these different arts and you're getting them on the same page, the same sheet of music. Right? So there might be something there to

Speaker 1  1:10:55
see ya, still pondering like what's the best analogy for your people that Yeah, cool. Okay. Awesome. Well, yeah, I mean, if you want to throw together an outline that would be cool. If you wanted to move towards writing a book or however you choose to use the content, I think it would be super valuable and enlightening. Yeah. Okay. Cool. And real quick, so as far as like, you not really having anything new to say. When it comes to systems in brief at a cost, there's so much CRO and you know, all those types of content out there. Right now after the conversation Do you feel like that's true?

Matthias Miller  1:11:50
No, it's a very fresh perspective that people aren't talking about about how about this until until unpolitical erasing erasing the dividing line or erasing ending ending the wars within ending the battles within the defeat that defeat the war without

Speaker 1  1:12:25
I think you might lose people in the last pack as far as their company how does that apply? I do really like the first half the war within the battle so then how are we gonna word it

Matthias Miller  1:12:38
ending the war within so you can see you can win the war I don't know maybe working right terms.

Speaker 1  1:12:46
Yeah. Yeah. Because ultimately what they want is more revenue and maybe working those things in the laptop you know, so like anymore it's within that are costing you money are costing you the bottom line or costing you revenue challenge and whatever, you know, whatever. The main thing you really want to hit on

Matthias Miller  1:13:10
stop funding the war chest for the internal horse within idea. Imagine if we would stop don't know how to capture it. Imagine if all the money that we're putting into funding the internal war. We just dump out and put it in our pocket. And people would actually get along and we'd be making money however to capture that

Unknown Speaker  1:13:40
go with it. See what else you come up with already brainstorm. Hello, thanks. Cool. You're so welcome. Have a blessed weekend. Enjoy your holiday here with your family.

Matthias Miller  1:13:54
I will enjoy your your travels as well. Thank you, everybody for coming. You're going but anyway. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:03
Oh, yeah. I'll be flying back Sunday favorite and yet so until you win Friday. Awesome. All right. You're so welcome. Alright, have a great day.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai