Unknown Speaker  00:25
Good morning Good morning.

Speaker 1  00:30
Good morning how's it going

Unknown Speaker  00:37
good you have your back again Matthias

Matthias Miller  00:40
hey guys

Speaker 1  00:44
welcome back you

Matthias Miller  00:53
back to negative one degrees so background noise I'm on the road headed to the office

Unknown Speaker  01:01
that is freezing morning Marissa. Good good yeah Matthias back.

Speaker 2  01:16
How was yesterday that was the been a very exciting day.

Matthias Miller  01:21
So it was it was amazing.

Unknown Speaker  01:25
It was awesome.

Speaker 2  01:27
I felt I felt like it's like I don't know I want to like cheer if you like it's a boy. Congratulations

Unknown Speaker  01:39
Oh man. Wow.

Unknown Speaker  01:40
How long of a drive Do you have?

Matthias Miller  01:45
Only 15 minutes okay

Matthias Miller  01:53
I wasn't I was not prepared for all the things that cold weather does do I've got a diesel car so a little while to get to get going.

Speaker 2  02:07
Okay, we're all good here. Tori, congrats on that sale. That was a great one to see come across the finish line with all the visits and walking them through that whole process for the payment. I saw you out there on Discord like I need some help. Yeah, pay me money and I can't get it to process.

Speaker 1  02:27
I hope he doesn't like go somewhere else within the next four hours. Like,

Unknown Speaker  02:31
No, you did. Great.

Speaker 1  02:33
Thank you. It's good to get that close after about a couple of weeks.

Unknown Speaker  02:37
Sure. Well done.

Speaker 1  02:42
Gonna try to blast out some stuff this last final day of the sale. More people across?

Speaker 2  02:49
Are you finding those like kind of group emails are really what's helping you get people calling you back? Or what's working good.

Speaker 1  03:00
I have had a lot of people calling back recently from voicemails.

Unknown Speaker  03:05
Oh, interesting. Okay.

Speaker 1  03:07
And I'm getting a few email replies as well. Yeah.

Speaker 2  03:11
Well, today should be the auto emails going out to all of our leads this morning. And then one around 3pm. Today, Eastern Time, was kind of like a last call. So we might see some folks either emailing back or calling back that spam situation where like, you know how people were replying to the auto emails, they were going to your spam. So that is was is and was also happening to me. So I've been having to check my spam like as diligently as the inbox. And I believe you worked on something Matthias sent over to kind of eliminate that. Is that helping?

Speaker 1  03:53
Yeah, absolutely. So they're all going to my regular inbox now. So thanks for that. Matthias. It's good. Stay on track. All the comments.

Speaker 2  04:04
I need to follow those same steps then. So I'll go back to our Discord information and follow those same steps. Get them out of that spam folder.

Matthias Miller  04:13
might be in the wiki if you search the wiki for spam. Okay. Thank you. I believe I put it over there. Yep.

Speaker 1  04:21
Sweet. I do still need to connect with the Matthias on getting the emails for Michael setup, where I can just search it.

Unknown Speaker  04:30
Yeah. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  04:34
Assess some time, some point this week if you're free.

Matthias Miller  04:38
Let's today is a little crazy for me with just getting back into the office. But let's see if we can set a time for our Thursday to get that squared away. Okay, good with you.

Unknown Speaker  04:50
Yeah, no problem. That'll work.

Speaker 2  05:00
See, the client that I had that had the really big building called me yesterday, this is an update mostly for you, Michael. He, he called me he went to the property where this building is going to go. It's he's using it as an Airbnb. So he's got like 40 acres, it's pretty remote, he drove out it. And when he drove out, he said, there's a steel sided garage. And because they didn't have a lot of activity on the property between like, he said, around Thanksgiving, kind of till now, him and his partner didn't know that there was a windstorm. And basically, a tree fell over and like smashed half of the garage. So he called to tell me, Hey, Marissa, I am a customer of yours, I'm not comfortable signing today, because I have to do a whole insurance claim on this garage that I just drove up the driveway to, and here's his big smashed garage. So we had a good conversation, you know, he's been very responsive to all of my calls. And he always returns them or, you know, picks up right away. But essentially, he just wanted to get the insurance money back for the garage, and then purchase our building. So he knows he's losing the 10% off discount, because he's going to miss the deadline. But, you know, he was still very responsive. As far as you know, he's come this far with us, he really wants to keep it moving. He just encountered this crazy situation. So I told him, I call him in a week just to see if he got, you know, a claims adjuster out there for the garage. And, you know, maybe if they gave him a quote on what the damage was, if he knows, you know, if that will help cover it for him, we'll talk to him about us build an immigrant hunch, as well, if he has to, you know, take care of the whole thing down. But, um, I just wanted to update you, because I know that was a really big ticket that I was putting a lot of time into throughout this month, and just wanted to make sure you guys knew where it was standing right now.

Speaker 3  07:06
It sounds like he's still a good candidate who probably will come across the line sounds like, but maybe also, you know, who knows, like your idea of, you know, hitting him with that idea of we can also do portable garages. So maybe maybe the insurance money has a place to go now.

Speaker 2  07:25
Yep. And I think he was thinking the same because he said, I'd really like to see what the insurance money is going to give me before I make my decision on, you know, maybe I want to buy more. If they influxes if it influxes him with some more cash.

Speaker 2  07:44
Other than that, I'm facing a lot of folks that are dealing with permitting issues, saying, I do not know why all of a sudden, if it's just, that's their location, but they are like, no one's calling me back from the permitting office, I went down there personally, and they just were like, Oh, they're out to lunch. Like they're, the customers are frustrated just because they can't get their permit. Editing situation, taken care of. And, you know, so that's frustrating. And they're like, I'm sorry, I'm missing out on this 10% I want to buy this building, but I gotta get my permitting in order before I purchase. So it's been a little bit annoying, but I don't know how else to help them except to reassure that we do send this we'll send you all the documentation, you need engineered drawings, you know, just please let us know what they require contractors licenses are available. Like I think I had about five customers yesterday that that was the issue.

Speaker 1  08:47
I've been encountering a lot as well. Same thing.

Speaker 3  08:53
Is our is our idea. How's your idea going to work in this scenario? If you have many of those people are going to get that result today?

Unknown Speaker  09:04
They're not. That's the disappointing part.

Speaker 3  09:07
And so if we require them to sign and then we're just going to lose those probably? Or are those going to come back and still come across the line? Or what's going to happen to those I know we had said the other day, just get him to sign as long as the sign and then you know, you can deal with all of the permitting on that they can still take the 10% and even if their down payment comes a day or two or three late that's fine to get those funds ready. What's going to happen to these customers, if it pushes them out a week, and they miss this deadline and we're hardcore. And are we just going to lose these guys or are they what's going to happen?

Speaker 2  10:00
I don't know. That's a good question. Everybody I talked to you, I tried to, you know, as nicely as possible emphasize to them, you can sign today just in agreement upon this 10% off your building sketch your building design, you know, this is really just to get get your place in line with our builders in that did not sway them. They were all very adamant that they didn't want to commit to a building until they have their permitting position correctly. But don't believe that they would, you know, I don't know, Michael, I would want them to sign as much as you do. I don't foresee them signing and then having to back out if it's a permitting issue versus like a RTO issue or something else we've been running into lately. I think it's going to be really important for me and for Tori as well like just being really diligent on following up with them in as helpful as we possibly can be during the first couple of weeks here February.

Unknown Speaker  11:15
Think Go ahead.

Speaker 3  11:21
Would we be able to land these five that are struggling with their permitting, by seeing what you signed today just to get you locked in and we'll put in the notes and a clause, there'll be a clause in here that you have seven days to get your you are these cashflow Rendon

Unknown Speaker  11:50
they're all cash. Okay.

Speaker 3  11:54
So it would be easy look, you have seven days to cancel this shed, if you have problems with your permitting to go through, right, so we're buying you, we're giving you a seven day window, and we just put in the notes that you that needs to cancel and there's no harm done, we just want to allow you to take this advantage by closing the if you want to, and give you this special at the end of the day. Even if we don't put that clause in there and they want to cancel on Saturdays, we're gonna do it anyway. So we may as well give them that nice little comfort that we put it in on their invoice and say you have seven days. And at that point, you would just push the delivery date window out another seven days beyond. But it's showing now. Yeah, and that way it doesn't get built in that time. Right? Would that make you uncomfortable? You think we're a you know, you can take advantage of this and you are not? All you're doing is making sure you can take advantage of this? Not at any no risk 100% There's no risk in seven days, you can say nope, I couldn't do it. It just didn't come through my permitting doesn't work. And

Speaker 2  13:16
well, I believe pretty much not to poopoo on that. But I believe that's exactly what I was telling them yesterday. And my concern is does it really benefit truepoint to have signatures on sales that then get cancelled? How does that benefit us? If I were to call them a second time today and kind of run through the same proposition? I'm just wondering, Is that the right tactic versus working with them, you know, five days from now or seven days from now and placing fresh phone call to them. I'm really struggling with how to balance that relationship with them when they're being upfront. Like they're being real straightforward. They've told me the struggle of the permitting situation. I've told them how much we want their business. And I would like for them to sign today to save that percentage, but they've just kind of dug their heels in and said I don't feel comfortable with that. Just trying to determine if they're gonna cancel,

Speaker 3  14:20
as long as as long I don't know. As long as they don't have as long as you know, losing the 10 and a half percent is not going to lose. We're not going to lose them over it. Like literally that's yeah, they will make the difference. And then I think it's great. And if they've clearly clearly clearly told you that they are not going to sign even if you know they're just not going to unless they have permit first and then maybe they've told you told you the answer there.

Speaker 2  14:55
Yeah, that makes sense. Okay, so calling them back and saying hey, we're gonna hold your price for the next seven days, but because you have this permitting issue, but I do need your signature as like a show of good faith in you moving forward with us. If they agree to that, that's a positive movement forward. If they don't agree to that, then hey, maybe they're just dragging their feet on the permitting thing and not telling me the truth. As far as how difficult the permitting truly is, or isn't.

Speaker 3  15:26
I'm just thinking, if we, if we do nothing, and then we probably lose them a good possibility, we've we've, you know, if they cancel out. And then we're at the same point, if we do nothing, so we really not lost nothing, they try at least trying, but if it is negative, if that brings a negative vibe to them, like we're begging, and we're begging and then then I don't like that either. But you know better where personalities that these people have, and where you know, where that line is for them. As you may have some words of wisdom in here that we're missing.

Matthias Miller  16:13
We think my perspective as a buyer, if somebody says, Oh, just sign on the line and cancel in seven days. I don't care how well intentioned the company is, that's a tactic that's been used across the ages to lock people into things that they maybe don't want or need. And so, my question, my question would be, could we pretty compassionate or empathetic approach, I think, but could we basically go to them and say, look, the sale closes down at the end of the month. But we do recognize that permitting is something that's outside of your control. And we're willing to honor that 10 and a half percent for another seven days, while you get that permitting nailed down deadline after the deadline. I don't know whether there's anything we've communicated with our lists that where we've told them this is the final deadline, and you can't and we won't offer it passes, then

Speaker 3  17:32
I think that's probably a better approach, I think coming across is now a we'd be more professional.

Unknown Speaker  17:42
Without having without making them sign anything right?

Speaker 3  17:47
It will probably be at that point, we're doing the same thing in a different way, in a more empathetic way, in a professional way. They would probably be a lot more comfortable that they've already told us they don't want to sign. Oh, so coming back and trying to push for is that probably?

Speaker 2  18:06
Right. Yeah, I feel like that is I am in agreement with the presentation there. Matthias I think that's the better approach is just as a company, you know, we can notate their sales record or opportunity record that, you know, we've had this conversation, and that we're going to honor the sale to such and such a date at that price. You know, I think that's a great way to show them that we're, you know, we were empathetic to their issue with permitting. But not over committed and that we're getting these like fake contracts, and that they're just gonna cancel in seven days, if the permitting falls through and then, like you said, it kind of feels like a gimmick at that point that they've signed something that just get cancelled so easily.

Matthias Miller  18:54
Else you might consider in the process nurses as well as you'll get a higher level of buy in if they verbalize to you what they think is a reasonable. And, Mike, I'm not sure what your comfort level is. But could we say that? Get them to get them to indicate how much time they need. And, you know, as long as it's within a two week window, and that will honor that if it's beyond that, well, then we'll overkill but if somebody says, I think I should be able to give that to you by next Monday, and you say, Well, why don't we tell you what, as long as you get it to me by Wednesday, just to give you that extra day or two, Let's all make sure you get the 10 and a half percent then you've got the verbal commitment from them. And the buy into I mean, they're, they have a sense of what their schedule is like and what they're going to need and gives them Yeah, I can process

Speaker 3  19:54
and go with that like that. I think that's really good advice there. Let's go with that. As long as it's in that two week window

Unknown Speaker  20:05
Okay, that sounds good

Speaker 2  20:14
sounds good. And I kind of taken a lesson out of your book Michael and games book where you guys have in the past kind of phrased it to people like, hey, you know, your, your business matters to us, you know, we're gonna do this for you. I think Gabe kind of wrote something to that extent about the way we present satisfaction guarantee. I think we can do that for these folks as well. Tori, as we're talking with them just kind of really pushing like we're favoring them with this special special offer that keeps them in conversation with us.

Speaker 1  20:51
Yeah, I agree. I think that will also build trust on their into Yeah, me too. underfilling forced into the sale, right.

Speaker 3  21:09
thing that jumped out to me this on this last sale was Tory, the one to close on, if I understood correctly, that was the one that actually had come to vinyl structures as a little visit, went home and then bought. And the exciting thing to me there was just that little test. But it was just one 100% of the people that showed up on the lot to do a lot this went home bought, though, that was pretty encouraging. So I'd love to test that out just a little bit more, see if that high percentage holds true for the people that are running of the trust, build by visiting a location and encouraging them to do so and see if our percentage of closerie tools true to be very high. If we send another one and he arrives and he buys again, that tells us Wow, that success rate is really high. Even if the next one doesn't buy, we're still at 50% so it's good. So I'd love to test that out a little bit more and see how that helped.

Speaker 1  22:20
My question would be do we want to send them to a location even if it's not mentioned or only if we kind of sense an issue with truss is because I can just see that kind of maybe prolonging a sale if it's not really needed so how did you want to approach that

Speaker 3  22:43
as well my gut feeling on it that I think what is near and dear to my heart is the close rate so what are some recipes for close rates that are and whatever works if or close rate 50% There have a lot of a lot to it. And if they're a good percent for just simply email you know, conversations, let's do it. It's whatever it may be. I think that's key let's do what creates close rates and and put our energies in there. So it seems like testing out several of these different avenues we've been a bit already but you shouldn't have that and work so if that holds true I would say absolutely if we know that we always have 50% or higher close rate by doing that. Let's try it doesn't hold true and then me

Unknown Speaker  23:58
yeah

Unknown Speaker  24:05
sounds good.

Speaker 1  24:10
Did this customer ask a lot of questions, Michael. I know he got to speak with you a little bit as well as gay. Did he have a lot of questions?

Speaker 3  24:21
Oh, they did some they were more than type that wanted to walk through the buildings touch and feel it just confirm. It felt to me like it was mostly just building that this is legit building and I don't want to buy something commit to something that I don't know I'm going to be happy with in the days right now. That varies greatly from person to person.

Unknown Speaker  24:43
Yeah. Okay. I

Speaker 3  24:45
would say he drove in in a really really nice new clean truck. Everything was just Elvis was a pristine, like his things in pristine condition and thought through and just you know, it was just a day Per person

Unknown Speaker  25:03
okay

Speaker 1  25:15
do you think there would still be value in someone visiting a location or visiting Hampton built on a Saturday with no one there I guess it goes back to what type of person they are

Speaker 3  25:29
I would say yeah, I mean it probably depends entirely on that now in the very near future we're going to have some more options their patients but leave the customer and so we could

Speaker 3  25:56
Is it good? Well, yeah, we'll have options here probably very soon. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  26:03
That'd be great

Speaker 2  26:09
one quick question, Michael. For you. I have a lady calling me today at one o'clock. She's going to be asking about a 10 by 16 unit and she wanted to know if insulation and paneling could be sold separately and only insulation installed on the building. I haven't had that come up yet wondered what kind of guidance and also pricing rubric to kind of work with her on that depending on the building size.

Speaker 3  26:37
And up to this point, it's just been customization you would sell him the insulation and paneling option and then do a discount for subtracting the paneling out of there and notating the notes section C.

Unknown Speaker  26:56
And we just get to a quick quote. That was on September 16, he says,

Speaker 2  27:06
yes, they are a little bit wishy washy on the building size so I wasn't sure if there was a math formula I could use for subtracting the paneling, like per linear foot or however that works

Speaker 3  27:22
not created a specific question on that. I've always done just patient on that point.

Speaker 3  27:50
Deduct $535 is not one the paling and sold lemons and ended up ended up 535 as a line item or not. On the 10 by 16 on temper 60 And if it is a different side, shoot me an email real quick calculator.

Unknown Speaker  28:18
Okay, sounds good. Cool

Unknown Speaker  28:41
Do we have anything else for today?

Speaker 2  28:45
I don't think so. I think we're good. Any other questions or team? We're good to go. Good hear? Okay. Well have a great rest of the day Tory Good luck on closing any extra leads on the final day of the month here and see you tomorrow.

Unknown Speaker  29:07
Likewise, everyone, have a great day.

Unknown Speaker  29:11
You too. Take care. Bye bye


Transcribed by https://otter.ai