Matthias Miller  00:00
Okay, so here's some thoughts about next steps on this X ray project. So, number one, I think it's really critical to understand where people's ideal target quadrant is. And you can actually predict them based off of that. You know, there should be some level of correlation between joy and target into the appropriate spectrum. So, for example, if they are on

Matthias Miller  00:34
I think one of the questions is there joy, if you measure joy, we're actually doing is a combination of the two quadrants combined, theoretically, mostly, you know, they like to if they like to think about it, they prefer to think about the work and sort of do the work then then that is the then those types of things will tend to tend to bring them joy. If they if they prefer to do the work, then those types of things will tend to bring them joy. Now the next but there's no way from just a joy thing, and another two quadrants to accurately predict whether or not something you know what the other quadrant is, I don't believe but if you have the quadrants of speed versus predictability, or speed versus accuracy, and or speed versus precision, and you have the quadrant of either pre predict me you know doing doing versus doing versus

Matthias Miller  01:57
doing versus versus directing. Maybe the thinking about it is actually a directing process, but even in some ways, actually it is it is somewhat it is directing, you're always at some level you're directing there's a doing versus directing. So for example

Matthias Miller  02:30
here's an interesting question with this. How much does proclivity towards power How much is that a factor in people's proclivity to direct so for example, there are actually different motivators for wanting to direct one is a power motivator. One is a creative motivator. One is a I don't know I mean, those are two examples. Status image could be another one. And those are all kind of unique motivators for for this stuff, so I think that's something to keep in mind.

Matthias Miller  03:32
So if you had the capacity then to put some of these things into the proper context. Then what would what would come out of that? What would be the result? What would be the end game like for example, if you could very quickly say we're already measuring time I hate to measure. See, I wish there would be one single measurement. Joy seems to me like the most likely combination of between Ah, okay, here's the here's the here's the AHA, the AHA here is that

Matthias Miller  04:20
is is that joy is really the driver for the person who is responsible for delegating. That

Matthias Miller  04:41
once a person is taking over the task, and then they need to have a distinction and I think you actually want to have somebody who is well, it depends. It probably depends on the nature of the person who's actually doing this. So for example, if you have a high speed doer, then one of the things that they're going to require is I mean, who are the people in their life who are going to help them to see the things that need to be done or not need to be done? Or if you have a lower speed execution? Who is the person who gets them off high center has has high speed doing built into that process? Or somebody who is a big picture thinker who is who is the person in that context who should be involved? You should be involved there


Transcribed by https://otter.ai