Matthias Miller  00:01
part of the question that I'm curious about is working with the assessment. How do you build an assessment? That doesn't give itself away? And I think there's an understanding. I think one of the things that happens is that on an assessment, you can sometimes have an obvious answer and an obvious right answer that lends people towards giving wrong answer. So, I guess here's an example. If you if you have you have to appeal the question to people's values, where they will feel that that person will feel most honored and most right and most justified by choosing the statement that most resonates with them. And to do so in a way that doesn't show your hand so so. Edwards. One person may see a question and they answer accordingly. Because they see that there's a negative, there's a statement that they would not personally agree to and they see that in a negative light, and they even though they know they could gain the system, they would not be willing to bring themselves to assent to that. There was something else that's worth realizing is that most people are actually really unaware of the structure at which this world actually operates. And so you can if you lend many people's certain disconnected, specifics, and you do not give them that stuff lines to connect the dots, then you can do this. So the question is, how do you do this? And I think one one possible angle with this is is there a way that we could take something like the Swiss Army knife and you approach this thing from multiple angles, where you may be addressing for example, you may be addressing Okay, so you may address one angle of the issue, from the aspect of emotion. And you may address another issue from the aspect of behavior or preferences or, or challenges, you know, Joe in the blank I'm not exactly where these things come in. And as a result of the fact that these are not because you're coming at these from different symptoms. You find it very difficult to understand the tree. Here's another way to put it. If you imagine a tree truck and you are trying to you are trying to hide the structure of the tree. You will point you will not there's there's two things that you have to do first of all, you cannot just simply find the the endpoint on all the branches and leaves. Because if you consistently find endpoints, even if those endpoints are random, then you end up not you don't actually mask what's going on. So you had to do more than just find the endpoints. Now if you if you find random spots in the tree, or actually let's back up. Let's start with this. On a two dimensional scale, if you just look at the tree and from a two dimensional scale, you identify certain points that you want to probe from, then you then then it's pretty obvious what the structure of the tree is. Now let's say that you take this three dimensions, and you take it at random points of the tree, but you it's actually a three dimensional image and you don't actually identify exactly where. So you there on the edges of the branches, for example, but

Matthias Miller  04:58
you're choosing various points of the tree, not just the outer edges as you're looking at it two dimensionally, which means that you can still see a general structure, but it's much more convoluted. But what happens when you start taking samples, and you don't actually not every point is at the end of the tree. So by doing this, you effectively turn it into a four into four dimensions. There's, there's the anyway and where it is in the branch is ultimately the fourth dimension and by putting it into the fourth dimension, then you actually mask help the mass the structure and so I think what Perry did with having these be orthogonal, is that having it be orthogonal really makes it makes it much easier to hide the true underlying nature of what you're trying to assess, and allows you to, to have assessments that are more transparent, because it isn't clear. You may have two things that are both true and which are and it's not clear that these are actually opposite, and that you'll gain something what you'll gain from choosing one or the other, or from one next one question to the next. It might not be clear what the difference is from one question to the next. They might appear to be completely unrelated or it might appear to be closely related. But because because of the orthogonality it masks that. So the challenge then becomes as we're building out this assessment is currently I have curly, I have appears to be a quadrant but the truth is, I actually want to represent it appropriately. I can't just have a quadrant I have to turn this into an orthogonal relationship of certain values, encounter values, which means that yeah, and they need to and putting those things on a spectrum. So for each so, in in a fun a non competing section. So for example, if speed is an issue, then then accuracy is another issue there has to be something on the opposite side of that. So if speed is one dimension, then what is the other dimensions that needs to be accounted for? Okay, so for example, here's an example. So when most people see dimension, they're thinking about fast versus slow. And if you do anything about fast versus slow, even know that steam has something to do with it. But speed actually is not about fast versus slow speed is about contrast. So what things do contrast and this is the issue with with in terms of speed, versus versus accuracy for example, because on one hand, your distance speed as a distance is the difference towards progress is the is the contrast is between where are we? Where are we yesterday, and where are we going? In fact, you can even even trace speed down into these basic elements. So, for example, some people are driven by accomplishment. So, what they're actually interested in is where am I versus where was I yesterday is that contrast and they, they want they want contrast of that. The other people who would contrast in terms of linear timeline of the project, for example, here's where I am. Here's the start of the project. I am I passed the start of the project in a so that is the use of momentum, that's a starter. Or if you have somebody that is always comparing and contrasting the contrast between is between where they're at and the finish. Line. That is that is that kind of that that kind of contrast, or there's something like you know, you're you're you're contrasting versus your goals, and we excuse me, the outcomes you want. That's what you're contrasting but then there's also this issue of where you're contrasting right versus wrong. What is the what is you're dealing with information actually.

Matthias Miller  09:25
And so in terms of the information, you're comparing it towards something else. So what is the information you're carrying? So impressively, in terms of predictability and accuracy, especially in terms of accuracy, you have information that is compared against some kind of a standard, and what is that standard? Now, there are people in rapid execution who do not do not hold information to a high standard. They're actually comparing and contrasting motion, rather than information. And that's a very different kind of metric and measurement. Now, what about strategy? Strategy is a what I would say is a measurement a compare and contrast of congruent and and I think one of the challenges I'm having right now is exactly how do you define congruent? I think there is this. There is this sense of this is where we should be and this is what it's going to look like, feel like, tastes like sound like. This is what it's like, is the Compare and contrast. Two is our state of being in alignment with with with the with the ideal in some ways, as strategy is regarding is in regard to an idealism. So you're actually comparing and contrasting as other things others aren't ideal. It's almost more like let's say like this. I think this might actually be a fair example that that strategy in some ways is compare and contrast of health versus dysfunction. And so, the question is, am I in a healthy place? And so this is the essence of measuring markets. Am I in a place? Am I in a place where I have a healthy diet as marketplace, for example? And if I don't, what kind of exercise IE, what kind of what kind of strategic action do I need to take in order to get myself into a position where the market yields favorably to my favorites so that I am in a healthy place? This applies in terms of culture. Now, you may ask the question what is ultimately health? And a lot of people will give you a lot of different answers, but is really understanding it comes down to understanding created purpose. As one now, we have this other piece, which is called Clooney. And here you're actually contrasting motion with what you're seeing things against multiple things. Like for example, you're contrasting motion against time. What does it compare and contrast of what's being done versus the time that's being elapsed? You're comparing and contrasting against resources. What are the resources that are required? And you're comparing and contrasting motion? When you're comparing and contrasting? Where are we at? Where are we going? And you're actually comparing and contrasting motion from where we are from, from where we've been everywhere we're going and we're using that to get to predict and compare and contrast. Our progress starts to go up. So if you look at this question, you know, most people think of planning as planning is something that you're either a planner or you're spontaneous. And the reality is

Matthias Miller  13:18
what is the reality? Yeah, there's another way of looking at planning what is it? Is it open it Do you have open ended planning in other words, this goes back to my whole idea of the strategy of innovation and unpredictably predictable execution and, and the strategy of closed loop execution and undetermined outcomes versus determined outcomes. And so if you need a determined outcomes, then you are going to be at the bottom end of the scale now even with determined outcomes

Matthias Miller  14:06
like there's this open open close kind of kind of a thing. Anyway, I don't know exactly. I don't know exactly what it take all of these things. But I think I think this is like the starting framework of the actual assessments.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai