Unknown Speaker  00:03
Hey, how are you?

Unknown Speaker  00:08
Good. How are you doing? Yeah. Good. You on the road? Working on Starbucks this morning. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  00:18
I wasn't sure it was a Starbucks or a hotel room. That kind of art in your house?

Unknown Speaker  00:27
Not not that progressive yet. Cool.

Speaker 1  00:34
So like everybody texted me. Yeah, I saw you I saw your doc and then I typed in my doc, do you see what I put in?

Unknown Speaker  01:27
Makes sense.

Speaker 1  01:32
So the challenge here is to take all that bulleted list of superpower and pull out a narrative that gives people something like, like it would jump out in a conversation. Or if you would hand it to him, they would actually read it. So the bulleted list is like a resume, write resumes to read. So that could be something you give them if they need a complete list of like, what can Matthias do. But I think that framework that I showed you, is a way to basically show off a case study and show off one of your superpowers and becomes a conversation piece. And, you know, it kind of sets you up as a superhero without you having to say you're the superhero, even though you are.

Unknown Speaker  02:28
That makes sense. Yeah, it does make sense.

Speaker 1  02:32
So I didn't I didn't mark it up. But let me be easier if I can do it

Unknown Speaker  02:38
this way.

Speaker 1  02:43
So the structure, this is this is something kind of fairly new that I've been working on. And so when you talked about your issue is like, Oh, my goodness, like I need to put this on the forefront. So basically, what this does is it basically sets up, it jumps into a story, it means kind of like Star Wars, you just jump them into the story. And you basically state the problem that the client had, okay, then you get to kind of jump into the story you parachute in. I don't know if this is great. This is this is just an example. I don't know if this is a great transition. But problem is stated. I under the story, then basically it kind of talks about how I approach the situation with Amy. Like what what are we got to do? And, you know, here's here's the way I do things is strategic stories, personal tales, you know, all these things, and how I applied it to this situation that I talked about kind of what I do. So here's kind of the how here's the what I did you know, acent Facebook, Ad Management, creative content, video placements. Then what happened as a result of my skills? All right, you know, this is seven figure revenue Shopify retailer, the year 29 million women saw the ad, a community of 300,000 women. You could you could if you are sending to somebody, you can obviously personalize it like I did here you see Matthias and that it really kind of says, who I work with. You have to benefit mankind. You're a mission driven company. You know, the agenda generally benefit our world. However, if you're looking for a quick fix, if you're resistant to change, if you don't really offer tangible value, I'm not likely to your solution that you like, here's who I work with, here's who I don't kind of how do I work with people and then a soft, you know, a very direct call to action. If this is if this is you, here's my number. Here's my email look like that. You know, all this is all this is a great like exercise and like, look at all this stuff that I did, right? And so you can you can have this as a supplemental document. But what I would do is I will look through this and go, okay. Like, what is what is the biggest win that I got for a client, that I could show off multiple bullets here where I use multiple pieces of this.

Unknown Speaker  05:28
That makes sense.

Unknown Speaker  05:37
And

Speaker 2  05:46
I'm thinking the angle for myself is very likely. A data plus systems kind of angle with, that's really the core of what I do. And the fact that I happen to have been in the marketing arena for quite some time, it's kind of just deepening my knowledge of how to apply that across multiple parts of the company, perhaps? I don't really know exactly, I think I have to think through a little bit how, let's let's,

Speaker 1  06:25
let's think of a metaphor in, in real life for kind of what you are. So if we were to go, let's say go to the military. Like, what? Like, if they were to parachute you in? Like, what? What role would they give you? You can think of it in terms of like a football or baseball team, like, I'm the guy that, you know, I do this system this like, I'm thinking of basketball team. So I'm not going to be necessarily the top scorer. But I'm going to I'm going to be in the top five and assist, rebounds, steals, like almost showing off like these, these are a bunch of the categories that you know, I'm not going to be the flashiest one, but I'm gonna be all over the stat sheet in all these different ways, because I've got skills that complement a team that might not be immediately recognizable, because I'm not putting up 30 points a game, but I'm gonna put up 12 points a game, eight rebounds, five assists, three steals two blocks, I'm gonna take a charge, you know, I'm gonna die for a loose ball out of bounds. Once again, just stuff like that. That's kind of the way I see you. So you can you can think of it that way. You know, kind of as a metaphor.

Unknown Speaker  08:07
Make sense?

Unknown Speaker  08:22
You're also like a Swiss army knife, aren't you?

Speaker 2  08:26
Yeah, I mean, there's a good, good bit of that. I mean, another way to frame it, for my mind, initially went on that kind of a were my mind kind of went on the metaphor was more like, I'm not. I'm not the owner of the team. I'm not even the coach of the team. Maybe in a player on the team. I'm the guy who's chatting it up with the coach and saying, Hey, Coach, like, first of all, let's take a look at where we're at this season. Take a look at these other teams. Let's take a look at what specifically we needed to do to beat those beings. Then also, let's look at player XY and Z. And, and this player how this player relates to that player and such, let's take a look at this particular play. And let's let's put all these pieces together so that we can have a winning season. That's that's a that's another metaphor for what I give it. Okay.

Speaker 1  09:20
So on an NBA team, that's typically like, they call them like a third or fourth assistant. And so those fourth assistants, actually. So if you look at NBA bench, there's like there's the head coach, and there's usually three assistants that sit next to him. And then there's a bunch of coaches behind him. They're all wearing the same thing. But those fourth and fifth assistants what they do is they deal with, they do player development. They they're in the room with the coaches going over game strategy. They're also scouting opponents that they're playing in the future. There They're doing internal scouting where they're like scouting their own team. Like, it's a really, it's a really important job that nobody ever talks about. But these guys are, they've got their hands in all pieces. So the head coach may go, hey, you know, the center is dropped step is way off, we need somebody to just work with him on the drop step. So like, you drop everything, you go and work with him on his drop step. And then it's like, Alright, I gotta run upstairs, because I got I gotta go scout the Lakers in the suns for the week. And then I got to review our game tape, and then report to that coach for the stuff that we need to work on. So that that's, that's a pretty decent analogy. And you can work that into a narrative as well. To give people like, oh, because what you're doing is you're like, Well, who is Matthias like, and sports analogy, they're not going to maybe understand how the NBA works. But if you explain what the position is, and it's like, oh, okay, I get it. Even if they don't know anything about basketball, you're going to be able to understand that there's probably somebody equivalent to that on the football staff to their, their the coaches up in the box. You know, you're never gonna see them face on TV on game day. I mean, I've even been like in the box, they're probably like, already working on next week stuff. You know what I mean? Right?

Speaker 2  11:27
Yeah. They're really interesting addition to that metaphor, is these are the guys that are there in uniform, but nobody talks about, nobody even really thinks about liberty in there. Which is exactly how I love the role I kind of if I don't think it's trash, I kind of delight in being the undercover secret operative. Nobody knows. Nobody that in the shed industry knows me. But I've built, I've been one of the masterminds of the very few end to end ERP systems within the industry. And I kind of enjoy that.

Speaker 1  12:04
That's not head trash, it's just who you are, don't, that's not head trash at all.

Unknown Speaker  12:12
That certainly one other,

Speaker 1  12:13
that's something that's something important, it's a critical role. It's a critical role. So that that is I don't see that as head trash at all.

Speaker 2  12:24
Here's one more way to twist the Rubik's cube. And that's going back to the culture index analogy that says that I've got the same MO of a navy, Navy SEAL. Which, again, most people would assume. And you know, I have deep, deep knowledge here. So maybe, maybe this isn't the best metaphor, maybe an archetype of somebody else to actually flesh it out. But they're not typically high risk, adrenaline driven people their mission, mission or struggle, TJ planning, precise execution types of people. But even with that analogy, then there's kind of like this question of where, what is the what is the overarching story, if you were to use that, and we see emerging story of how this fits into storyline, you know,

Speaker 1  13:25
navy seal doesn't resonate with me in terms of kind of understanding your role. There's a perception and there just be a perception. My perception, the Navy SEALs are the badass is that you don't know who they are. They drop in, in the most difficult situations, they execute, and then they go back home. I don't see you as a special operations person. Like you're, you're more embedded like seals are in and out. Like that, that doesn't describe you, you you kind of get involved. You know, in the military, you're more like a CB so the the rays go go and blow the fuck out of a spot. And then the Seabees come in and rebuild it. That's my brother in law was the CB. So like, he wouldn't be in the battle, they'd go blow everything up. And then they come in behind and rebuild everything. They blew up for the for the citizens that remain. And they're there for an extended period of time. And it's like, no, they know plumbing. They know construction. They know Alexa, like they have a skill. They literally could do everything from A to Z. That is more. That's you.

Speaker 2  14:41
Yeah, no, I agree. Yeah. I liked the the third or fourth coach. And well, let me let me ask you this, of these, you know, the basketball players versus the, the venture nurses in or whatever you called that. Is there. Is there one Those that you think it's best to take and run with.

Speaker 1  15:05
I mean, if you resonate, I think I think a secondary assistant on a on a pro football team or basketball team works for you, as long as you just flush it out. So if I again, if I don't know what what that is, you can just briefly explain, like, here's the, here's the 10, or 12 things that a, that a downline assistant is, is is responsible for, and show and show the breadth of like everything that they're doing. And then you just tie it back to well, this, this ties back to exactly what I do for clients, like, you know, I'm doing this marketing stuff, and then I'm doing this operational stuff, and then I'm doing this accounting stuff.

Unknown Speaker  15:53
It's, it's,

Speaker 1  15:55
it's a multiple multidisciplinary skill set, that is absolutely never going to be talked about a television will never be written about the papers. But if this person did not exist, the organization would

Unknown Speaker  16:11
not function.

Speaker 1  16:14
So that that metaphor, if you flush that out, in a letter format, that's going to be that's going to go along the way you explain that. And then if you could, if you could then come up with a story that shows Okay, with with the Amish and client, you know, so zoom in on a particular frame of time, point in time, where you were able to basically use multiple skills kind of at the same time. Or, instead of zooming in a particular point of time, zoom in on a time frame, to talk about in a three month period, you know, we executed this thing, this thing, this thing, and this is this is the result of all those things, you can maybe stack the things on top of each other, you know, whatever, whatever fits with the storyline and the storyline. Like if you were a Navy Seal, it's you parachuted you fix this problem, and you go away. So it's probably getting more of demonstrating like, I'm not, I'm not necessarily a quick fix guy. And maybe that's accurate or not, but you know, whatever you want, or whatever you want to communicate to them. And just knowing no, it's not, it feels like you want to be in and like I'm gonna be part of this organization for a while, as long as I'm needed. Yeah,

Speaker 2  17:38
that's it. Yep. Exactly. And to your point, I'm not. It's just who I am. I'm pretty steady, I think things through, I fill in the blank, but put a gun to my head, and tell me we have to fix this crisis by two days from now, maybe I'll do okay with it. Maybe I won't, but that's not the life I want to live. Right.

Speaker 1  18:05
So you could you could put that, I mean, you could put that in there. Like, I would say, give yourself very few guardrails here and just write some of this stuff out. You know, I've given you a couple tools, like run with the analogy, and see how far it takes you and see what parallels you can make, and then run with the storytelling to say, Okay, if my end goal is I want them to and think of this when you're doing this, the end goal is I want them to know that I'm in for the long haul. And then I'm also extremely multidisciplinary system orientated. Like, let's fix everything and make the whole organization better, like have that goal in mind, and then work backwards from that. However, you can demonstrate that so I think there's metaphor, and then I think there's actual stories that you call out that demonstrate it.

Speaker 2  19:02
Yeah, that makes sense. And then, but this particular plant does not enjoy being named, or does not want to be named. No problem.

Speaker 1  19:16
No, you just changed the names to protect the guilty. Yep. Yeah, but you certainly if the shed industry or the manufacturing, like, if you want to expand the breadth of like, it's like, Okay, maybe not. Maybe there's work in the shed industry and you could frame the story to be like, Look, I want another gig in the shed industry, or you could or you could pull back and say anything in terms of manufacturing. You could pull back from that and just show like, look, this is not just about my experiences in the shed industry. It's more about the supplies, any manufacturing. So you could, you could you can have a base rest Have you to work from and then if you know this is going to a specific place, you could cater it so that it appears like, Oh, this is exactly. For me as I'm reading it, like I'm being the person that would hire you. So you have kind of a generic store that you can cast out. But if you know it's going to this guy that owns like a pallet, if it was a pallet, like, how do you? How do you speak to that guy, specifically, what you know, his needs probably are, and apply what you learned in the shed industry and extrapolate that to the pallet industry. Yep. When, when Brandon, when I when I hired Brandon, for my marketing firm back in 2006. I did a job post, I actually went to Craigslist, and I posted an ad and I got like 30 some respondents. But what Brandon did was he wrote me up, he actually built a website. And it was a sales letter to me. So he sent me a Perl, right, and I go on my web, I go in my browser, and I type in my Perl. And it's basically Brandon selling himself to me. And that was really impactful. Because number one, I didn't look at any other candidates, I immediately called him set up a dinner and hired him on the spot, because like he demonstrated for me exactly what I was looking for, which is an innovative marketing person to handle a bunch of projects. So that's how Brandon and I met, but it was like a really impactful way. And that's always been kind of in the back of our heads as we as we do sales videos and stuff for people. We're always thinking about that. But this whole idea of like, I'm not going to ship off an application or a resume, I'm gonna, I'm gonna basically tell you a story of how I can help you that that lands and absolutely, like, it's an audience of one, like, you just, you're just incomparable to everybody else. You know? So, yeah, I would think about that I would, I would play with the metaphor, and see how far that can go, and then then play with the stories of how many, how many blades of the Swiss Army knife, can I put in here to demonstrate the breadth of knowledge and experience that I have in all these different functional areas, that'd be

Unknown Speaker  22:33
really powerful. You know,

Speaker 1  22:38
and then you could cater, that, who I work with, who I don't work with, that might not need to change. But if you know, it's going to, let's say that palette, I, you can be very specific in there and how you can work with him specifically, and absolutely personalize it. You know.

Speaker 2  22:57
So that's, I think it's,

Speaker 1  23:02
it's a tool, and it's a it's an asset that is worthy of who you are. You're more than just a bulleted list of skills. You know, that's right. Yeah. And I don't know if there's room for this, and if this makes sense, but the fact that you got five kids now, right? Yep. Actually, six, yeah, six. So there might be something to that, too. You know, I don't know what it is. But it might come to you that, hey, this, there's a lesson here and my wife and I can manage a household of six. You know,

Speaker 2  23:44
that might be you know, I think a, a wisdom that would be quite naive, we're likely licensed foster parents for nine years end up adopting five of those kids. And we know how to go into we know both how to manage a life with three three year olds running around the house, as well as dealing with all the intricacies and nuances of the rich internal emotional world of these kids. So I don't know if that's a that's an angle to take or not.

Speaker 1  24:23
It is an angle and I don't know where it fits, but it fits somewhere in your universe. Because as soon as you say that my wife and I committed to doing foster care that says something about who you are it just like you can't help but make a determination about the type of person you are because it takes a special type of person to commit to foster care.

Unknown Speaker  24:51
I mean, in

Speaker 1  24:53
a foster parent, this is the way you do one thing is the way you do every Being a foster parent, it is it is not a lifetime commitment. You don't go in thinking are this child that I'm going to have, you know, you're not going to adopt them. It's an option. But you go in with the expectation of, you're going to be part of our family for a while. But it's not necessarily a long term thing. That's exactly what you're doing in the consulting world. Like, I'm going to be part of your organization for a while. But there there is a plan to exit at some point. And, but also, this is not you know, there are foster parents that do like immediate child's in trouble. There's those types of families to where that where they like, we drop the kid off at two in the morning because the mom was arrested. And you're watching the kid for a few days before a relative comes. That's, that's, that's a different type of consulting. It's a different type of foster situation. You could, you could expound on that. We had a guy on last Friday or the Friday before the Perry Marshall live guy named Samuel Wyatt. He's Scottish. He told a story about him kind of getting over on the boat from Scotland, he didn't have a lot of money to his name. In fact, like the the currency he had was whiskey. He smuggled whiskey into the country and sold like 2530 year old bottles of doers and scotch, like that's how he survived. And I'm like, Holy shit, like, like you tell that story, Samuel, like, Who do you want working on your Google ads, this guy that has a list of all these qualifications, or a guy that is so resourceful that like, he knows how to like sell bottles of whiskey to like, get money for food. And for lodging, I'm like, that says everything about you. So the foster story, you're not you don't want to exploit it. But it absolutely demonstrates like the way you do one thing is the way to do everything.

Unknown Speaker  27:09
So

Speaker 1  27:10
have fun with it, play with it, put it in there. Does it fit? Who knows? But it certainly at some point, it's important to tell that story in some

Unknown Speaker  27:20
context. Yep. Yeah, yep.

Speaker 1  27:27
So yeah, I'll I'll send you the recording of this, the Fathom link of it if you want to listen back. But I will tell you a little bit and then when you've got something, I'd be happy to read it over and give you some more feedback on it. But I think the metaphor angle is is strong. And I think you got a good idea of how you relate to that. I think you're in a fun kind of plan playing

Speaker 2  27:49
that out. Yeah, I really appreciate this. So I can't I got some time this weekend. I woke up at three o'clock this morning. Could you sleep instead of working in that list? And so maybe I'll have another wake up at 3am and have a burst of inspiration. Not the letter and so a

Speaker 1  28:12
lot a lot of my best stuff is when I get up at three in the morning and go into work. No distractions totally focused. So great. Three and wake ups are a good thing. All right. Yeah, we have reached out we got an update. Love to look at it. Alright, thanks, my friend. Have a good day, man. See ya.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai