Speaker 1  00:05
Alright, so here's the thing I'm working on right now had a conversation with Ian, I think one of the interesting pieces. So here's, there are a lot of really good pieces that we have. One of the big pieces that we talked about was the idea of using a sketchpad or papers, those types of things, to do rough mock ups of the system before we go anywhere, and maybe even using a slide deck as the presentation for the, for the high level design. So that was that was idea number one, we got started talking about whether we need more manpower, I think we're actually really close to where we need to be on designs. So I would be very interested in knowing if we can create a hiring process where there's a shadowing part of it. And then there's actually literally a training that's, that's that's part of it as well. And and then, you know, what are the qualifying processes behind this. But one of the one of the ideas is imagine that wiki categories could be courses. And you would then have, I mean, you could have, well, yeah, there would be there would be courses, and then you would have a sub section of that, that would be modules. And then you'd have a sub section of that, that would be slides. And then you could assign this, in originally I was thinking this would not be in the in the whiskey, but I think it might actually be in the whiskey where or maybe it's actually both. But where we, we have a slideshow, app that essentially pulls these things from there. And, and this is the training module and then this allows us to rapidly take a look at our course content, be able to drill down, we can even have a report that shows you know all the all the content and all the slides and allows you to drill down in and say, okay, we need to put in a slide here about about XY and Z. For now what we would do is, we would just have a numbering scheme that sorts and we we remove the numbering scheme in the in the sections or something or, or we got some kind of way of numbering them for the sword order. And we just give them the name of the display process. And then we have our own LMS. We have an RG that tracks who completed it the date, the date of completion. And then the question, the big question then becomes what about quizzes? And questionnaires?

Unknown Speaker  02:52
I think you know, you don't want you don't want scores to be public.

Speaker 1  03:01
But maybe the questionnaire is you have a questionnaire template that has the expected answer. And you have a way to track whether or not the expected answer was was matched. And then for now, you could have a well, you could then have a wiki page for that called quiz with that content, if you needed to. And it would require you to complete that questionnaire to mark it as completed. And he would link on that completion date. So you have a checkbox that says, so the week he would say, when you do this, have them do this questionnaire. And they would be required to do that questionnaire and it would get tied back to their results on the wiki page. Yeah, I think it's about as simple as that. And the questionnaire would say basically say I was completed for this wiki page. And so as soon as it's completed, you could you could you could add that there and yeah, it would all work out. Then the other question would be about long term goals about Would it be possible to have Would it be possible to have this type of intern internship program where Tim actually is training people, inner city and developing talent and basically there's this coalescence between work and ministry where he's building and developing these guys, but also building community with them at the same time and You know, we have some kind of, you know, long term, there's this big strategy around, we have geo geo centers, and you maybe even run ads within that geo center. I don't know, and, and have people apply for some kind of free something or other that gets their foot in the door in order to make some of these things happen, and so these things work. One of the other things I think we need to take a look at is in terms of the terms of the local internship is how do you structure this? I think this structuring really has to be centered around around specifically what we do, I don't think we can really offered an internship at this point that's not centered around, you know, around that as possible that they may get involved in data migration, or custom, custom Python development. Don't really know, but are there ways, for example, that we could have them build out mock ups for some of our app hosting core projects that we want to do? Or can we actually have them shadow on a real project and go along on a real project with us? Especially if they're working with me, then? Yeah, then we've done that as well. It would be ideal on the wiki if we would track what version of the wiki that they actually completed. And then you can go back and you can do refreshers. And you could see, you know, which What did I miss and what has changed since I you know, since I last did this. The other thing that would be interesting, as part of this is to have a chat, or have feedback, that they could just instantly submit feedback straight from here. And it would go somewhere, and they could say, Hey, I don't understand this, anything that's unclear, not clear, you know, you could do it at the end of a section or whatever that is, and give them the opportunity to submit feedback that way. Or you have a separate feedback to I don't know, it can be really simple for now. It could just be something of like, yeah, it would, it would be nice, it would be as simple as a textbox. But it could be as simple as just submitting something and writing it, having having it write a defensive you know, feedback for wiki page link within you know, from user and and here's the feedback.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai