Matthias Miller  05:31
Morning Good Morning. How you doing?

Unknown Speaker  05:40
I'm good. How are you guys? Doing? Good. I'm trying to switch over to my computer here is taking a while to connect.

Matthias Miller  05:51
So the request to join. Yeah. Okay, sounds good. Morning, Michael. Hey, good morning, Michael.

Unknown Speaker  06:03
Good morning

Matthias Miller  06:09
Abraham here again.

Unknown Speaker  06:14
Howdy, howdy. Howdy, howdy. Hey, good morning. Morning, everyone. Good morning.

Unknown Speaker  06:28
A great day to learn.

Unknown Speaker  06:31
At school. Absolutely.

Matthias Miller  06:37
Right, I got a text from Eric saying he's going to be five to 10 minutes late. So when he shows up, I'm gonna have to run downstairs and let him in. So we can get a few minutes. Few minutes now. Until then. So

Speaker 1  07:00
we're actually going to be learning from the schoolhouse this morning. Right?

Matthias Miller  07:05
Yeah, that's right. Back to School. From the historic Oh, I know in the last three to six months, the school actually made it on the historic registry. So from the historic Florence, Colorado schoolhouse. That good.

Unknown Speaker  07:27
I don't know the background of this. What is the school house?

Matthias Miller  07:30
I have an office space in a school. And let me let me go get a let me see if I can find a picture for this for you guys. So friends of mine, here's here's how the story goes a very long time ago. I was at a fundraiser for a was it a fundraiser for for the local homeless shelter. And these guys were talking about how they they went and spent the night at the shelter and things that they learned. And I was like, Well, this is interesting. I wonder what what would it look like if we would take ownership of in this case, Kenyan city, which is a neighboring town and just say, hey, what can be done here? What can we do to to help improve this and got connected with a friend of mine called Brad Rowland. And they were just in the process of putting together that's the front of them of the building. So they were just in the process of putting together a co working space for people in tech. And and everybody was like, there's no tech, it's rural Colorado, there's no tech here. And we had 21 office spaces or so and had them filled within a year of different types of freelancers. Or, or employees working remotely, etc. Then, then, Brad went and went in with a few investors, this building came up for sale. And they bought it and he was like Hey, because you always go along with my new crazy ideas. You want some office space over here. My only responsibility here is be a good tenant don't create drama and pay rent. So it's a fairly amicable agreement. So my I have an upstairs classroom so every every day on the way to work, I pass a long hallway of yellow lockers to get to my

Unknown Speaker  09:34
Oh, that would be reminiscent of many days. Very cool. Thank you for sharing this story. I get the joke now. It's good. Hey Tori

Unknown Speaker  10:14
Yes, sir.

Speaker 2  10:16
Michael here I thought like, while we wait, I can maybe talk about that. Western you had last night on the customer fence for two minutes. Okay, perfect. Yeah. So got the pictures appreciate that. And that's very helpful to understand exactly what we're getting into the fence itself. So true, we will need a, an opening that is two feet wider than the building. So we would need 14 feet wide. And it ideally the more direct route, the better. But we can like do an alternative route wherever they would like to open the fence. And let us in as long as there is a path that's a minimum of two feet wider, including, you know, trees, branches, etc. And not too sharp acute turns if there are sharp acute terms and then obviously we need a lot more space in that to make that corner. And then just watching out for ditches, or stumps or stuff like that as just need to be in consideration if there are ditches would need to be some bridging or something to get us across. Unless it's you know, minor all of those we can navigate well, so I guess the answer your question, either way would work. Whether it be the close direct for alternative route, but that eight foot gate definitely won't quite cut it.

Speaker 3  11:52
Okay, yeah, I figured I figured that on the gate with they'd be in pretty narrow. Okay, a lot of

Speaker 2  11:57
people will do is simply pull, maybe two posts out, and they can literally leave the sections attached from post to post, just pulling a couple sections out, laying them to the side. For a day or two after we come in, set the building and get back out. Literally sliding those posts right back into their existing holes and fastening them again to either side usually works pretty good.

Speaker 3  12:23
Okay. Perfect. Thank you for the information.

Speaker 2  12:27
The other thing that we can do sometimes, okay, perfect. Yeah, the only other thing to know is if there is a gate that's 10 feet wide, we can occasionally if the building is small enough, we can push the building all the way to the front of the trailer and lift, lift the building up way high in the air, and literally drive the truck and trailer through the gate because the truck and trailers narrower than 10 feet wide. And by pushing it to the front of the trailer shoots that building way up in the air and actually can clear usually can clear a six foot fence if there's a path going straight through the fence, where we can dry the truck and trailer straight through and don't have to turn and then that that usually works but with eight feet wide, it's just not quite going to be quite enough for us.

Speaker 3  13:20
Okay, that's good information to know thank you Michael

Speaker 1  13:44
So one question I have while we wait here is this is Gabriel. What is the goal today? Like if we only were allowed one sentence and we can state the goal and as a reward, we would definitely achieve the goal of what would it be

Speaker 2  14:07
I could see what I would want out of it now it'll probably vary from person to person but how do we practically on close rates like lead to converting leads to actual sales. How do we crack that code to get that pre that number crazy good. If we could figure that out. This meeting I would be like super excited. So somebody else probably has another goal.

Speaker 1  14:48
Well before we have another one, let's let's boil that one down a little bit more. Try and try for one sentence How do you convert? Go ahead. Oh, sorry, we were certainly a little. How do I get a slideshow? Okay, so you're just up and down. Quick. You're ready to share the screen. Full Screen. One so that you Arey

Unknown Speaker  15:29
it is how are you this morning?

Speaker 1  15:31
Hey, good morning. I'm doing good doing good. You may be able to rescue us here. We're trying to figure out exactly what the goal is today. And since the master himself is on the line, why don't you just tell us in one sentence? What are you going to teach us?

Speaker 4  15:51
Awesome. Okay. So my goal with this meeting and with you guys, is just to help make you a little bit more successful at sales if I can. And online sales in particular. These are just stuff that I have learned. So I honestly that's all I want. For you guys. It's just to help you make hay help make you guys more successful. So

Unknown Speaker  16:18
awesome. We're excited to learn.

Speaker 4  16:20
Yep. You got it. Cool. Well, this is a brand new experience for me. So I am, you know, if anything, goes off the wire and goes haywire, just let me know. So good. Good to meet you guys. Marissa and Victoria. See, Gabe is on the line. And Michael as well. Good morning, Monday morning? Or do you guys want to jump into this? You want me to go over kind of who I am how I got into the industry? Or would you just want to jump into, you know, other stuff.

Matthias Miller  16:58
Let me let me jump in a little bit and kind of share my thoughts of where we're hanging on one second. All right. Kind of a big picture of what I was thinking for the day because there's two goals for this one is a live trading. But we also want to be able to capture this for the future for additional salespeople joining the team. And so my thought for the basic structure was Eric has a slide deck with that he shared at the Shedd Expo and taking the time to go through that. And as we go through that, so So for the first 61 to two hours, however long it takes takes to go through there, focus on on the on this specific training on efficient selling. And as he's going through that capture notes on the slide itself, that he's talking about, write down the questions that you've got on that specific slide, we'll go through the entire training, start to finish. And then by putting those questions on, on each slide, we can then go back post, you know, post today, and put those questions back with the original content. So and then, so we'll we'll do the full training, then we'll do slide specific questions. And then just, there's I want to leave room for the freeform. Let it happen, whatever comes like kind of the dynamic jazz experience, I guess at the at the end for q&a and discussion. That's my proposal for this. Any any comments gave her mic on or Mercer Tori on that approach?

Speaker 2  18:38
They will make your I think that's great. I would like to share just one little inspiration that ahead here we were talking about there's just a moment ago that what is the one thing that's near and dear me about? No, this this whole training what? What would I consider like a huge win if we could figure it out in this whole image? Now, obviously, there's a whole list of things that we're going to learn but what is one of the probably more difficult things that we have been facing in the last four months? And that seems to be that that actual converting a lead into a sale that percentage. How do we get that we handle these leads to where we get that conversion rate to be I think I've maybe heard you say previously Eric maybe being like, qualified leads some converting somewhere in the 60% range or something maybe. So maybe learning cracking that code helping us learn how to do that. That would be amazing. As one thing that would be one really a huge win for us throughout this day as if at the end of the day, we would have a good grasp on how to piece those close rates.

Speaker 4  20:10
Absolutely. That's great. So that's, that's going to be at around slide six or seven, where we're probably going to start delving into that you guys might want to start making notes on that. And if the if there's any time in the slideshows, that it's like, super boring, like, feel free to just say, hey, x, that Eric, we got to get to the, to the good stuff. Because ultimately, I don't want to waste your time. And I want to get you as much information as possible. So from from site, slide six to seven, is probably going to be the most meat and potatoes about that particular thing. And that's where it's going to start and conversations happen. You can ask me more specific questions in relation to things that you see on that. So that's kind of what I assumed that was going to happen. And that's where we're going to spend the majority of our time for the sales guys and you as a company as well. So

Speaker 2  21:07
that's really good. And Matthias just to confirm I understood correctly, you're thinking, as we go through through the day here for the first, what, two hours or whatever it is, as Eric just goes through his training thing, pretty much. We just take notes on questions and stuff until he is through and then we circle back. Is that did I understand that correctly?

Matthias Miller  21:31
Yes. That's what I'm thinking. And then we'll we'll address questions slide by slide. And by doing that, it gives us two things. One, sometimes there's questions that are that come up, and I'm like, well, it's going to be answered two slides later. And then the other thing that that gives us then in, in post production, when we're putting the stuff together for future training, we can we can have Eric's training, plus our questions for that we can put it together so that when you're going back through the training logically, it's all it's all tied together. So yes, you're correct.

Unknown Speaker  22:01
Okay, good.

Speaker 4  22:03
Cool. Well, you have any other questions right to begin with? Or do you want to just pop in here and and start breathing down through this and then the first couple of pages just a little bit about myself? So you know what the background is? So I'm, I'm a nobody special here. So.

Speaker 4  22:24
Yes, as you can tell I, you know, I'm not super duper techie. So that's what sage is here for. Or I'm not familiar with Zoom. That's the biggest thing. Okay, so that's just a heads up about what the article is about. This is all stuff that I have learned over the past five years of doing shed sales specifically. Now I'm in the software industry, and that is a complete different ballgame. SaaS, Software as a Service is Yeah. I wouldn't even compare it to the same thing. So just a heads up on that. So my background is in construction. You know, I grew up doing masonry flatware construction, I've been around all the construction industry, know how construction people think a little bit. But I had no experience in shed sales. And I started that in 2015. With, you know, absolute zero system, no paperwork, no, no 2d or 3d Configurator, I had to handwrite in all the quotes, and then hand it off to the shop. So I did that for about a year and a half, in 2015. And had bad job experience at that place. And it was time to move on. And so ended up quitting there. And I took a break, did that for like a year and a half and went back into the construction world. And then started selling sheds again in 2018. But we were at about 90% online sales versus about 10% from the previous company. So a massive learning curve on that. The biggest thing that I had to deal with is man, switching to online sales and not being able to see your people and not being able to read body language is super difficult. It's probably something that you guys are facing somewhat while you're talking to people on the phone and via email. So it was a big mental shift for me. The benefits for it are great because you can sell from anywhere with online sales. And you have you can generally do a reduced inventory because you don't have to have as many you're spending more time and marketing and having things available to be able to send to clients or you know, send them pictures or whatever it may be. But the mental shift that I had to make was man, I had to set some crazy goals. And I didn't even know I was realistic to begin with. So you guys might be facing that too. I don't know how you are with that. And I don't know what your experience is in online sales. But goals are super important especially A for online sales. Now the thing I had to get used to is the acclamation to the numbers and conversion rates. So I when I did walk in sales, and I had no really good way to track this, but approximately anywhere between 70 to 80% was my closing rate, what I felt was my closing right? person walked in, they're really interested, I can usually sell them on that particular building. While switching to online sales, all of a sudden, I was talking to five times more people, and my closing rate went down. And that was super frustrating. The other thing that I learned is the importance of buy in from the company and the salesperson. And what I mean by this is just support. So my company that I worked for gave me so many tools to use, and also the leeway to say, Hey, Eric, you know what, you're doing sales, people are people, and you're not going to win everybody, it's okay. And that was massive, as far as building trust for me to get started in this. And then it just grew from that, we can get into this a little bit more at a later point. And then man, it was so fun to learn. Honestly, the stuff that we're gonna go about, we're gonna go over today, I would say that I learned this in the last nine to 12 months of my of my three and a half years there is the majority of when I actually saw it start working. And when I actually discovered certain parts of it. Okay, I just happen to fall into sales, I got into it, because I was doing roofing at the time, and I sprained my ankle and sports really bad. And then two weeks after I recovered from that, I stepped on a screw in the ball of my foot that took a bunch of took a bunch of flesh out at the same time. And you know, when you're on the roof, it's not really you're using the ball of your feet all the time. So anyway, that's how I got into sales. Nothing, nothing fun or exciting, just happen to jump into it. I do get questions, what's an ideal salesperson. And, you know, frankly, they show up every single different way. You know, there's personalities that are different. And I don't know, at the basis, they've got to be humble, they've got to be hungry. And they got to have high emotional intelligence and people skills. These are all things humble, can be taught to people in life. And that is the most painful way to ever have that happen. I would prefer that not be the case. That's why I have a little star there. But you can't teach hunger and you can't teach people skills. That comes naturally. I mean, you can grow your people skills. I should say you can't teach high emotional intelligence is what I should say. You can grow your people skills, other tidbits about me. So here's something about me. I'm intuitive. I feel absolutely everything. So often when I'm talking to a customer, I go off of the feeling that I have in the background. Sometimes it's wrong. Sometimes I completely whiffed on it, and I don't understand it at all. I am not pushy, so I'm not your quintessential salesperson. I also learned that everything is about listening, especially in online sales, you got to listen. And then I also learned that you can bend and sway clients by tones and direct and questions. And I make them tell you what I want to hear. So basically, when you're on the phone with a customer, I asked the questions to get them to tell me what I want to hear. So that I can establish what they need for, for what they're really looking for. Just, hey, here's what about you, you may find it helpful. If you feel like you're behind the curve in online sales. If you're newer to sales, if you don't think you're a salesperson. That's that's a big one. I still don't class myself as a salesperson. You know, little about selling sheds online. Your closing rates aren't what we think they should be, which, you know, we talked about that already. And I think that's what we're going to spend a lot of time on today. The other thing is if you'd rather not make all the mistakes yourself. So it's really important to learn and grow from other people. And I read books and watched videos of other people just to, you know, try to refine my technique. I was really frustrated when I started doing the online sales. And so this became really important to me, especially in my slow times to really, I would sit at work sometimes it's something else that the company did for me is they said, Eric, you know what, it's not busy. You know, you're at an office right now. And we don't care if you're aren't doing anything as long as you bring a book, that's a self improvement book, you can sit here and read all day long, as long as you're available to take a phone call do an email. And what that did for me was, it built so much trust in me, I'd never been in a place before that the company said, you know, it's okay if you sit here and do nothing. So that felt really odd. And it was hard for me to do. But it became a part of that trust building process for me and the company, where they gave me the go ahead to just sit there if necessary, as long as it's a health improvement, self improvement. Okay, sorry, that was a long way off into the weeds. But here's the other thing, if you're also interested in Systemising, your sales processes and online sales more than walk in sales, it is really important that you have a system a way to qualify leads. And time management, I'm gonna say it's one of the most important things in sales in specially online sales is to have time management process that leads into you want to be efficient. And the other thing is you find yourself being defensive in every single call. This is really easy to do when you have competition, or when you constantly hear man, you guys are expensive. I don't want to pay that. Or maybe you're getting the cause of your quality sucks, which I hope that's not the case for you. That's a hard one to come back from. Because sometimes it's true. And as a salesperson, you see that. And maybe the company doesn't want to do anything about it. I'm not saying that's the case for you. But occasionally that does happen. And sometimes you go through growth spurts in the company where sales outperforms manufacturing, and they're scrambling and you might see a dip in quality. This stuff happens as a salesperson, and you have to be prepared to know how to handle that.

Speaker 4  32:01
Okay, what you'll learn a why online sales, which we went over some already, are you ready for online sales, efficient selling salesperson burnout, measurement, marketing stories, marketing stories is basically just, you know, how I would suggest doing marketing and creating a story for that. And each salesperson that can actually create a story every time they're on the phone or an email with their clients. Okay, a couple of things about online sales, these are my opinions, and also backed by some information, and some data from a couple different people that I know have switched to online sales. So there's a lower cost per sale. There's an unlimited marketplace, a massive client pool of people. So you're reaching your entire state instead of a specific area. Or it may be reaching into a couple of different states depending on where you're at. Buyer convenience. So it's super easy for the customer to find you. However, there are some downsides to that. And we'll get into that a little bit later. The buyer convenience making it as simple as possible is super important. And the other thing with that, that goes right hand in hand is know that because it's so convenient. If we as salespeople and online sales are no longer convenient, after it looks convenient on the website, they bounce they went somewhere else already. They want now. Okay, the other thing is less aging inventory and overhead. There's a different business model for this, this is just my opinion, I would rather have four to five buildings on a lot that show the details and have good marketing pictures and spend a lot of money on that, versus having a lot of inventory in stock. In online sales, now it is nice to have online inventory, to be able to deliver it quickly. So that's a really big selling point. But you don't have to have as many buildings out there that may have sat there for a year and now you know, somebody says hey, well the paints faded and what happened about this and and they in other words are asking for a discount. So you have a new building on the lot almost all the time. That's what I like about that. Really high reward. There's less time per sale. What I mean by less time per sale is you have somebody walk into your office, you're going to spend on average an hour with them 45 minutes to an hour online sales if you can figure out the process and do it correctly. My time spent with the customer was around 15 to 20 minutes from point from first contact to sale so that means, hey, I'm not getting frustrated this customer, I can kind of disengage from a conversation if he's getting on my nerves. And I can let myself cool down. And then I can bounce back and sometimes just a five minute breather, but I don't feel the pressure of having to talk to him all the time for 45 minutes straight. So in other words, this means that instead of one customer that I may have sold within an hour, I can now do approximately three sales an hour. If if it holds true that my time frame is 15 to 20 minutes per customer, I can do three an hour. Okay, you can sell more online than you ever did at a fraction of the cost. And that is because of all the above things that we just went over time as being the most, probably the biggest difference that I found. Okay, what you can expect, here's a lot of cons, you have little to no available, the can't even speak so sorry about that little to no availability of physical product, you don't have access to it. And that's really hard sometimes, because especially depending on where you're at, in the country, when you're selling in the country, people change sometimes there's areas that are really techie and are really into online sales. And there's other areas that are just touchy feely on the farm boy type, I gotta walk in there. That's really hard. And here's something you need to know, in online sales, if you're dealing in that specific area, you have to be able to provide something that's physical for them to go look at. Sometimes, you can use your competition's displays to your advantage. There's a massive risk then in that, but you can price wars and competition. So online sales, people know the price up front generally, or can find it, if it's not on your website, they're gonna find it somewhere else. So if they found pricing on somebody else's website, and it's not on yours, and they can't find it anyway, you're already on the backfoot. And defensive when that person calls in, or send you an email. Unless they are 100% sold on the story, you've sold them or your product. It's hard to convey quality and build trust and online sales. Most of this is because you cannot read body language is easily hard to get that information across to your, your clients that you're talking to. So most of your quality and conveying quality and building trust is actually done on the website. And it is a lot it falls a lot responsibility on to the company to establish the story. And to build the quality, and convey trust. All of that is done a lot on the website in the research phase. So that leads into the limited time to make an impression. It's all built in your clients research phase and online sales. But you can lose it almost immediately if they make a phone call in and they get a bad impression from salesperson. Just because there's so much information and online sales that you can find, and I don't care where you're at this is online, in anything. I can Google whatever I want. And I can find out information, whether I whether it's true or not, is kind of beside the point. But I can find out all that information. If I finally settle on a company that I like with a product that I like, that looks really cool. And I call in and I have a bad experience or I email in and have a bad experience, I'm bouncing I'm going somewhere else. So it is really important on the sales side to be able to convey and build that trust that's already been built by the company to be able to expand on that and make it really personal to the to the customer. So yeah, you have to give the correct info and you got to do it fast. Today's attention span is approximately 8.25 seconds for videos, speaking is around 20 minutes, which means me going through this presentation, you're going to check out halfway through it. Just that's where it's at. Okay. You start at a lower closing rate in online sales and you also have quicker burnout and that's just due to the amount of numbers that you're handling and lack of physical Hey conversations a lot of times or face to face. I don't know what you are like for both of you guys a sales I don't know how you do well. I don't know if you like talking to people. I'm introverted. So I would rather have a one on one conversation with people. And a very small group of people, this kind of stuff drives me crazy sometimes, because I don't really know what I'm doing. And I don't know how to do it, and it makes me go out of my comfort zone, I would rather have a one on one. So online sales, burned me out a lot. But you have to be able to find a reason for it and have to find a way to connect with those people in that. Okay, here's the pros, lower cost of a sale is nine to 10%. Now, this is more company facing. And this data is from a couple of years old. So I don't know how accurate this is. Lower cost of sale nine to 10%, online versus 12, to 14%, which is traditional lots and dealership displays. And that leads into the fact of you having, you know anywhere between 10 to 20 Different lot buildings on there lots, you have lower cost of expansion. Same reason, you can add a salesperson for how much a month versus creating 20 more buildings and putting them on a lot. Lower cost of expansion, I went over that sorry, distributed sales team. So you can be located anywhere, which you guys already kind of are. You've got access to bigger talent pool, so it's remote, you know, people can work from everywhere. You have more control of messaging and marketing. Now this is company facing. What I mean by this is, excuse me. What I mean by this is when you have a dealership model now this is kind of going into my personal opinions. But it's also what I've seen a lot. And I also have worked with a marketing company, or a marketing guy that actually used to do marketing for salespeople, that were dealers.

Speaker 4  42:04
And dealer says a general whole kind of go on a cowboy route. And it you know, they may be having shed sales that happen along with a trailer lot, you know, they're selling trailers, or they're, they're doing lumber, or whatever it is, and they just so happen to have some sheds on their lot that they're selling. They can be really successful with that. But at the same time, a lot of times, they don't put a lot of effort in there, it's not concentrated. And they also will tell the customer, whatever necessary to make the sale happen. And there's no feedback or limited feedback to when it goes wrong between the company. So there's a lot of times there's some frustration, and I see a lot of dealers going the cowboy route, saying whatever they can possible to make the sale. And all of a sudden, the company can't back it up, which leads to some terrible reviews for the company and also the dealership. More team focused, I like having my guys, my my team, whoever it may be in an office, if you got a problem going on, if you can't close a job, if you can't, whatever it may be. It's easy to ask an opinion or help from somebody else. And it's just like, hey, I ran into this situation, this customer told me this. And here's our response and what the heck is going on like I cannot close this. So it's really nice to have that whether you're an office or it's an online where you have somebody that you have access to, or even just a teammate to reach out to, I find is really helpful. And that's often done a lot easier in online sales in the dealership model, because those guys are also competitors in some senses enhanced expedited feedback and support we went over that. It's very scalable. So if you get it right, you can add another client or you can add another salesperson and just add into the team. As you grow. Less time spent with the customer equals more sales. customer spends less of your time and they do a lot of research on their own. So a lot of times what I saw happen in my specific office while I did 90% online also had a like a retail location where people walked in. The majority of the time that they came in to look at my building was just to confirm that what they saw on the website was true. Okay, so they researched already they had made up their mind about 90% of the way I just had to tip them over the rest of the way if they showed up physically. higher reward and then less time spent with each customer means more more clients helped more sales for the company and all the above Okay, this is customer or this is company facing. And these are questions that I would I would ask anybody looking to get into online sales. Is is your company really ready to pivot from the dealership model or or figure out a way you don't have to pivot directly from the dealership model to get an online sales. But it does mean that you need to change your focus a little bit. And there are certain things that you're going to have to figure out as far as what you're willing to spend money on, because it changes a little. These are the questions that I would suggest asking, are you ready to spend money on marketing instead of physical inventory? So that what I mean by that is, hey, do we got money and whatever it takes to create good pictures? You know, even develop email drip campaigns, if necessary. And I would highly recommend that we'll get into that a little bit later. You know, are you ready to invest in your salespeople? So, dealerships, from what I've seen, and I don't know if this is the case for you guys. I don't know if it's just industry standard. But it seems to be we set up a dealer, we give them very limited training and say here you go make a sale. Online sales, because of the how complicated it can be, sometimes require some more training. Okay, so you have to ask how important images to you? Are you willing to deliver a product as good as your pictures and marketing. And that goes back to my previous comment of if they call in. So if your marketing pictures are like a one over the top, and they're great, and that building, you sold it to them, and it comes out, and it's not what it looks like in the pictures on the website, you're going to get a call on. Okay? If their experience is not what it's touted to be on the website, like, Hey, we're the best, our quality is great, we have great people, and they call it and get a bad experience with the salesperson. Big Red Flag. You know, it may not mean that they call and complain about it, it just means that they're probably not going to refer you to their friends. You got to ask how much you're willing to spend to market and advertised? Are you willing to invest time and money in offering sales training, that's something else that my company did is like, Eric, hey, we are willing to pay for you to go to a sales seminar, sales training, wherever you want it to be as long as through our slow time, so we're not slammed and you're gone and out of the office. So if you can figure out something in the in the wintertime when we're slow, we're more than willing to pay for this. We want to help you succeed, and in turn, our company succeeds. Do you trust the salespeople that sell for you, and that's going to open a can of worms. But this goes both ways. Your salespeople have to trust you as a company to be able to deliver on the product they're selling. And I cannot say that enough. Same thing goes the other way. For me the company. People asked me to the reason to my success. And I can tell them that yeah, it's because I figured out a process. And that is partly true. However, the thing that I recognized about it is it aligned for me the company value, Eric's value. What the company stood behind what I stood behind their marketing plan, their messaging plan, all of that they all aligned to create success. That doesn't happen for everybody. And I know that. So these are questions, this question of do you trust the salespeople that sell for you can in turn be right turned right around on the salesperson side and say do you trust the company that you sell for? Because if you don't either need to have a discussion about it, and figure that out. Or you possibly need to move on. It is super hard to sell a product that you don't believe in, especially in online because of some of the things that I went over. And it's also really hard to sell for a company that you don't trust. And then are you setting realistic expectations for your sales team? We'll get into that a little bit more to in just the process. And then you've got to test and you got to test and you gotta test and more testing and more testing. Online sales and marketing is all about testing. What works what doesn't work Hey, this work, can we tweak it? Can we create something else to redo this and constantly having running them side by side and in the sales side? You do the exact same thing? Hey, I got this lead in. Guess what? What I did the first time didn't work. Let me tweak this. Does this work? Okay, now, whenever I get this type of lead in, I'm going to respond this way it works. better, if that works better than tweak it again, if if the new version doesn't work, you still have the old one that you're using. So it's constantly going back and forth about what works, what doesn't work. And it changes. So four months from now, what worked? When I was doing sales, a it may not be working right now. And B, even if I'm doing it 100% correctly, I'm not going to hit everybody. And then four months from now, it may not work. My clientele changed. Online Sales changes really, really quick. The good ol boy approach and the dealerships, those people are around for forever. They they're, I got to touch it, I gotta feel it. I gotta walk in all of this stuff. Online sales people are online, not salespeople, but online sales people change really quick, the trends change really quick. Here's your questions as a salesperson. Okay, why aren't people buying? Why is it so easy to sell to one customer? And the next is absolutely impossible? How do I best show my product? Are you asking the right questions? And then are you even listening? This goes back to just listening for everything. So and you got to ask the right questions to hear the things necessary to build them a quote, or to even extend that conversation? Is your messaging, right? Meaning in your emails, or you're writing it correctly. And this really goes back to asking the right questions. Your message is going to change per customer based on the questions that you asked.

Speaker 4  51:45
Okay, what's the best method to contact phone, email, text or other? Frankly, that is specific to you guys. I hated text. I'm. So I hated using text people, other people love it. I have an opinion about texting. And that is I use it for my friends and family. I do not want businesses texting me. That's how my view is. So I felt really bad when I texted somebody in the business unless it was something specific. And I didn't develop some type of a personal relationship. Maybe they said, Hey, Eric, I want to move forward with this building. But it was a rent to own and I needed I needed to collect an ID. Okay, then I would text I'd say hey, did you have two minutes to get me your ID sent over because they're already going to be text to get to a to me anyway. That's when I would use it. But there's other people that swear by tax and say they have the best thing ever on text and they have the best response rate, do it. If you have that do it. There is no guarantee on which one works the best. However, I will say that people will always still pick up the phone at some point, either out of annoyance. Either you ticked them off by calling them so often, or they're just curious. They're like, what's this number? So I used phone and email. That's what I use the most. Text was the low third and other which is more social media marketing or social media information I did not use mostly because I didn't have a lot of good success with it. And also because I was not good at social media conversations. They drove me crazy, and made me mad. And when I was mad, I couldn't talk to people. Like I should have. So just you might be really skilled at that. And that's fantastic. Use it if you can. There's a massive pool of people there that I am sure I missed just because I wasn't really good at it. Okay, how many times the contact when do eye contact? This is based off of asking the right questions. So this changes for every customer there's there's not going to be a silver bullet on how many times the contact, but a rule of thumb is and we can get into this a little bit later. I would actually like to hear from both of you guys. Or all of you. When you start feeling uncomfortable. On the amount of times you've contacted somebody general rule of thumb is go past when you feel your comfort level. We'll take a excerpt from Grant Cardone which he says, I go, which this really helped me out and I did not follow it because it was to the extreme and I just couldn't do it. But he said you have to follow up until your customer complains, and then you do 10 times the I hate that comment. And because the fact if I my customers complaining about the length or how much I'm following up, I'm on the verge of losing them if I follow up too much more, okay, if your customer gets back with you, they will let you know, when you follow up too much, trust me, will be like, shut up. Like, I'm not interested in your product, which in online sales and know is just almost as important as a yes. Your company doesn't enjoy that, hearing that philosophy. But in the case of sales, a no is just as important as the Yes. So you can move on and focus your energy on the next person. What happens? Okay, so here's the other question. Do I trust the company I sell for? You've got to ask that you got to answer it for yourself, I can't do that for you. What happens if you lose trust in your company? Another question. There's all kinds of things that will happen. This happened in my case a little bit. And basically, what it meant is there are certain products that I couldn't sell for the company more just my integrity as a person, I did not want to take comp money from this particular client. Because I didn't know if they were going to get the product that I sold them. That's a big issue, which was just a big point for me to say, hey, you know what, Eric, it is time for you to move on. Like, if you can't trust this, it was a great company, don't get me wrong, and they're still a great company, I would probably go back and work for them. At the same time, at that point in my life, I lost trust in the company, it was really hard to sell, which meant my sales were dipping. And they were still strong, but still. Okay, how do you be empathetic, especially when you can't sell and I'm behind on my quota, and you just feel like you can't close anything? That's a tough one. And all I can say is put yourself in the shoes of your client that's calling in. And that's hard to do sometimes. But maybe sometimes it has to do with asking the right question and just say, Hey, what's going on? What's up, and they'll often share with you and in sales more than anything else, I feel like I'm more of a therapist or a counselor than anything else. Sometimes you'll get people that call in email, and we'll give you their entire life problems. And you're like, I did not want to know that. I don't want to know his personal details about you. I don't want to any of that. But you have to be empathetic to their situation and respond in your empathy towards the client in a helpful way. So, hey, you know, I can't make I can't buy this building, because, you know, my aunt just died. I'm really sorry to hear that, like, what can I do to help you? I know that this isn't a good time, you know, I don't want to waste your time. But how about instead of asking them, When can I reach back out? Just say, how about I reach out in three weeks? That's a massive life change for them. And it comes across as caring when you do something like that. Just like, Hey, how about to reach out in three weeks? This is not a good time. I understand that. If anything changes, let me know. And sometimes you'll get calls back from these particular clients that all of a sudden, after their aunt is die, they died and they're buried, all sudden, their family tasked them with sorting through all their crap. Okay? Well, the first person they're going to call is the person that they have already been talking to, that all of a sudden said, hey, you know what, you have a bad time in your life, I'm not gonna bother you. It's three weeks away. You're the first on their mind, and they're gonna call you up and say, Man, my, my family. They're crazy. Okay, my aunt died, and they just tasked me with getting rid of all of her trash. I need to share. So you're in a prime position to help them out in that particular case. And it's all because you were being empathetic on that first call. And it's hard because it was a no to you. Okay, efficient selling principles. If time equals money, how can I cut my time down and still be effective? This really is kind of the meat of where everything's out here for the sales side. You have to answer and ask the right questions. You've got to ask what they are these change. So as a salespeople you need to you need to be experimenting with this. You ask the questions that you need to help the client within minutes. So my first call was around 10 to 15 minutes. In the last nine months that I was with the company, crazy stats started coming out. The more time that I spent with the client on the first phone call if I could get them on the phone The longer my sales cycle was, and the less chance of closing I had. So if I spent an hour with this customer, I may have still sold the building. But it extended it to around four to five weeks out. So I found that getting the questions that I needed to within five minutes being able to send them a quote within 10 to 15 minutes. And occasionally, you're gonna run into the client that's just like that you can't get the information you need in five minutes, it's going to be 10 to 15. At that just where it's at. I found that the quicker I was able to get the information out of them by asking the questions, and then also being able to send them a quote very easily. With not without maybe giving them all of the information that we may have discussed on the phone, we'll get into that a little bit later. Or that they asked for the phone actually cut my sales cycle down. At the last nine months, I was averaging between seven to 14 days of a lead cycle full. So lead came in seven to 14 days, I either gotta know where I got a yes. Or I might have gotten Well, I'm not ready for it. It's going to be three months, which gave me the answer that I needed to on how to follow up with him and how many times you have to set expectations and time limits for yourself and for the client immediately.

Speaker 4  1:01:42
So what I mean by this, the customer calls in and says hey, I'm needing a shed. Okay, we'll get into the questions that I asked at a later time. But the end of the conversation, my at the time, I didn't have a system that I can I'm I'm not a multitasker. So I can't carry a conversation and do things and build out stuff accurately as a quote. So it just doesn't work for me. Power to you guys if you can do it. So what I did was I would collect their information, write notes down at the end of the conversation and be like, Okay, sounds good. I've got all the information here, I would maybe recap it. And I'd say I'll have this quote over to you in five minutes. If it was really complicated, because sometimes I sold garages to. So they're complicated and really moving parts, I'd say, Well, I'm gonna have you this quote, by the end of the day. Maybe for some reason, my day was absolutely insane with the amount of leads or calls coming in, which was typical of a Monday. And I would be making all these outbound calls and emails and whatever it was a take up the majority of my time in the morning, and I would hit one or two people that would say, Yeah, give me a quote. Because I was so busy, and the phones were ringing off the hook and all of this stuff, I'd say, Okay, I was still shoot for five to 15 minutes to give them a quote. But if I didn't have time, and I knew it, because the phone was nonstop ringing, I'd, you know, I'd shut it down. And I'd have two messages. Okay, that happened some days, I would set a time frame for them to expect that quote, either by noon, or by end of day, or by three o'clock in the afternoon and just say, hey, I'll have this two by three. And then you gotta hold true to it. If you if you can't, all you got to do is reach out to them in a text and say, Hey, man, I really apologize, I told you, I'm gonna have this quote by three o'clock. I'm five minutes late. So where it'll be end of day, you're creating a communication chain, and also just an expectation on communication that says, hey, this guy, if he can't get to it, he's going to be honest and tell me where he's at. Which means in turn that I could do the exact same thing for him. Okay, abt principle, I made this up. So I don't know if this is correct or not. But always be building trust in your phone calls, your emails, everything, be building trust about you, the company and the product. Am I using the right language? really goes back to asking the right questions. And we're gonna get into that because I can really delve into the psychological side of sales. I enjoy that side of it. So we'll get into that a little bit later. Am I trying to contact via calling texting emailing often enough? Or am I doing it too frequently? So these are questions you're constantly doing and this is per customer. Like I said, I think Matt sent me or Matthias sent me a document the other day and this question was on like, what's, what's the amount At times, and there's no magic bullet there is there isn't? Do I have enough leads? And do I have too many leads, and what's my ceiling. So, on a salespersons perspective, you can never have too many leads, right? Just how I feel. However, there is such a thing as too many leads. And a lot of times, that means you're not getting to them quick enough. There's also testing done, I have a friend that owns a company that does online sales. And he has actually done testing on his salespeople that are begging for more leads. And when he has given them more leads, their closing rate has gone down. I don't have all the proof and data on that for me, I operate it a little bit differently. And I'm like, give me the leads, just give me the leads, I need more leads give me more leads. Because they're always fresh in that particular case. But you have to have a process with following up with the leads you already have. That is time, time efficient. That's the biggest thing. If you don't have that process, that having too many leads is a real big deal. Okay. Efficient selling, here's your practical tips. You have to be really skilled at reading people and tones. So what I mean by this is reading tones. You don't you can't read body language on online sales or over the phone. All you have left is the words and the tones that are used. So the questions that you're asking the client on the first call are based on what you hear. Never, ever follow a script so closely that you can't pivot immediately. So you might get into a phone call. And you're like, hey, this is my this is my mojo. This is how I'm answering this phone call. And all of a sudden, that customer throws you for a loop by question or a tone. You have to pivot and you have to speak in there speak. In that particular case. Same thing, you can do that via email and social media. You know, any kind of conversation that you have with that you can also do it that way. It's way more difficult. Phones is way easier. Okay, are they short and Curt? Okay, so if they're short, and Curt, give me a price, which, in most cases in online sales, this is probably going to be more of the majority. They have done their research, I need this now and I need it right away. Give me the information. And don't waste time telling me about your product. Don't waste time. I need this, this and this. Give it to him. You have to do it. And don't feel bad about educating the customer in that process. more along the lines. So their questions are short. And Curt Hey, give me this price. Okay, well, that sounds great. I'll get you the price. Here's what I need from you. I need X, Y, and Z. And just be very blunt. Now, another customer calls in and they're like, Man, I need to shed and, you know, my family is driving me crazy. And man, I my company made me work from home this year. And it's just, I gotta I gotta create an office and I you know, I just this is how this conversation goes. Well guess what? You're gonna get nowhere by being short and Curt to this person. You have to structure it and be like, man, yeah, that's rough. I'm sorry to hear that. It's it sucks working from home, I did it or you know, whatever it may be, you have to kind of put yourself on their level. And then you're going to say, okay, yeah, sounds like you need an office. And we can definitely help you with that. But here's what I need to know from you. What size do you need? Like how big a desk Do you have? shoot the breeze with them a little bit, joke around with them, you're gonna have more percentage chance of closing these guys. But in vice versa, if you use that approach with the people that are short and Curt, you lost the sale. Don't give all the details that make you special or different from other companies in one call. And less. This is the type of client have on the line. And I'll take this a step further and say don't give all the details that they asked for in the first email when you send them a quote. Leave a note and follow up an hour later, three hours later that day later, whatever it is with that piece of information. And how you do that is you have your notes written down wherever you have them written down. You build a quote out based on what they want. And they may have asked you a question. And instead of giving it in the quote, on the phone, because I could give them the answer on the phone, if I wanted to, I can either wait until I send them a quote and say, Oh, hey, by the way, you mentioned this on the phone, I forgot to get you an answer. Here's the answer to that question. You can also wait an hour later and do the exact same thing. Or you can wait a day later. What that does, is it gives you a sense of humanity, because it's online sales, you're reaching back out, say, Hey, I forgot to get you this information. So it's very personal, you put put yourself on their level. And it also gives you ammo, on what to put in your follow up. So some days, they would give me a whole list of questions, and I knew the answers, and I couldn't get it to them. But it would have given me a 20 minute phone conversation. Well, instead, I got off the phone and five minutes time, 10 minutes time, 15 minutes, whatever it was. And I put the quote together, and I attached it in an email and I sent him the answers to their questions. Or sometimes I'd withhold the answers to their questions until the next day, because it keeps them on the hook. And the very next day, I would give them the answer to the question. Oh, hey, you know, I really am sorry, I didn't add this on the last conversation and the phone call that I did. Here's the information that you wanted. And a lot of times, you're going to start getting responses back from that client, because you do it that way. They'll be like, well, I thought of another question. Oh, great. And then you're immediately on that question.

Speaker 4  1:11:34
Hey, do you got any more questions? Hey, you know what? That question is too complicated to explain in an email, let me give you a phone call. And when you're on the phone call, you're like, hey, I answered that question. Do you want to move forward on this build? Or like, do you want to provide a building? We'll get you going right now? I need I need two minutes. That's all I need. We got to process your payment and get an E signature, if that's what you do. Okay, now, I'm not quite ready, I got to talk to my husband, I gotta talk to my wife. And they're not going to be home until Friday. Okay, well, let me follow up with you on Friday afternoon. Or if that's too early, tell you what I'm just going to put you on my follow up list for Monday morning at eight o'clock. First thing in the morning, I get in the office, I'm giving you a call. So you're setting timelines based on what you're telling them. And also your responses. Okay, that really factors into only giving details and upsell basing on their needs.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:32
I don't know how you guys are set up at true point. That's the name of your company right game. So here's where I, like there's all kinds of upsells that you can do for a customer. And

Speaker 4  1:12:51
I generally would ask a question to to try to understand their usage of the building, and then only sell them an upsell on what applied. Otherwise, they often get overwhelmed with the amount of options. And I found that it was easier for me to dumb it down and give them limited options. That was an upsell. And sometimes what that looked like was they would call in and say they're wanting to store a four wheeler in this building. And because I know that a four wheeler is a lot of fun. And I wrote it all day long. I don't want to jump off all the time to swing open some doors and you know, stuff like that maybe I would try to sell them on a building with a garage door in it because it's easier. And I wouldn't really delve into anything else. Or maybe it'd be an upgraded floor or waterproof floor or something like that. Because I know it's important. Like you're out in the snowstorm, you're pushing snow and why do I want to floor that there's going to absorb water? Well, I don't want that. So that's what I would upsell them. And sometimes that meant that I I would structure it to selling them a different product completely, or an upgrade. So it's kind of how that operate. Never ever badmouth your competition, even if you hate them. And this was really true to me because I actually the first job situation that I worked at the ended kind of badly was right across the street. And that was difficult for me because he always got questions of what makes you different. And those guys are great. And I'm like, Well, my personal experience wasn't great. But I don't really want to share that with the client. However, you can instill a question and your potential clients mind about the other people. And by that, I mean, you just ask them questions. Hey, yeah, it looks like they're great. They have a decent product. But what about this? And this is where you get into what sets you apart as a company. And sometimes this comes down to the small things like you know, what are metal buildings, all the screws the the rubber washer is set correctly, so you're not going to get any leaks. Hey, on a woodshed, you know, all of our nail holes are cocked. And that means water is not going to get in there and your product is going to last longer. Okay. And that's something that your client does not generally see unless you pointed out or they might see it, but they don't think about it. So now when they go to your competition, that exact thing is going to be what they're looking for, in your client. And if they see it missing, already, your value at higher. I use this a lot. This is more of the psychological side. But I used it a lot. And I knew my competition across the street, what they did and what they didn't do. And the majority of times these guys walk across the street, and I lost some people. Because of doing that they the guys across the street were 900 to $1,000, cheaper than me for almost the identical building. And I had to figure out something to point out to them to say, look, this is what you got to look for. And these guys would often come back to me and say, you know, I don't know what it is about your building, it looks about the same. But for some reason, yours just feels nicer. I like it. I can't explain it, but it looks better. That's what you want, because people are buying off of emotion. And you have pointed out something on the competition that they do not have that yours does. And now they're looking for it if they go over there. And they remember in their mind, hey, you know what, Eric, I liked talking to him. And he gave me this information, I went across the street, and they don't have it. And it's important to me. Sometimes the details that you point out are not important, and you may lose the sale. So just FYI, keep that in your mind. It's a problem sometimes. Okay. Keep in mind that people in qualified leads are on their own timeframe. You can direct it, but the only thing you control is you your follow through and mindset. And this is why it's so important to ask the right questions. Because asking the right questions and hearing the answers will let you know what timeframe This customer is actually on. And you can address them on their timeframe. Okay, communication, elements of communication. Now, this is from Verbal Judo. And I would recommend reading this book if you have not. It's from the receivers point of view, there are only three elements of communication. In person. There's a truth content. So basically, what you're selling, you're marketing your pictures, the pricing is seven to 10% of your communication, your voice is 33 to 40, and other nonverbal, which is your body language is 50 to 60% of your impact. So when you're talking to somebody, what you're saying is about seven to 10%, important, your voice is 33 to 40. And your body language is 50 to 60. On the phone, your truth and content remains the same seven to 10%. And everything else is in your voice 99 or 93%. So, summary to that is you got to know the what versus the how you got to know how to speak to these people, you absolutely have to get it right. So if here's the problem, even though truth is seven to 10%, if you're off and that seven to 10%, you lost your customer crazy, because you would think that 90 93% If I'm really smooth talker should be able to sell this and you can, but if it doesn't line up with the truth and the content, done deal, it's a bad review for you and your company. And everything on the phone is tone, lead qualification. Some of the most important things to use for that. What I found helpful was CRM that really improved my close rate. When I first started with the online sales, we didn't have a CRM, about nine months to 12 months in we got to CRM and I hated it because it was a new system and a change. But I saw my closing rate jump and the amount of follow ups that I did by about 40 to 60%. So that was in direct correlation with how much I was able to sell after the first year. Online quoting and the process to do that, how quick that should be. So that really factors into the next point how much time I should spend with a client. What's your closing rate? You're going to know this as a salesperson and your sales manager is going to know your company is going to know All of them are going to know it. Like, the only person that may not know is your client. Maybe you don't know what it is, and your sales manager can definitely help you with that. The average closing rate and online sales in our industry is around 10 to 20%. From what I've been able to pick up now, there are certain leads that are lower than that there are certain that are higher, but the average is anywhere between 10 to 20. And most people range between, I believe it's 10 to 12. Your top in the industry, your top performers are generally around 20%.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:40
That's from all leads coming in. Okay, how quickly you should respond. This one is I tried to respond within one minute.

Speaker 4  1:20:54
I think that the average is like two minutes, a phone call, it was almost immediate. So I had a I had an assistant for the last year that I was there actually a year and a half. And it was an ongoing competition between her and I to see who answered the phone quickest. And I got frustrated because there was a delay in the phone system. And her phone would ring first. So she better be busy or a little bit slack and for me to get it. But how quickly you should respond within two minutes. But I shot for one because I was like it's gotta be better. And sometimes this is not possible. Sometimes you're buried in leads, and you're just not going to respond. Or maybe it's over the weekend and collected and on Monday you have 20 leads? Well, you're not going to respond in a minute. But new phone calls coming in and still going to be take the precedents in that particular case. What questions I should be asking, you're going to constantly ask these and I'm going to give you what I've used, what I found really helpful methods of communication with the client. So experiment with us via phone, text, email, you know, if it's a social media message, whatever it is, you can experiment with that. And then the last one was industry average is 10 to 20% on the conversion rate. Okay, here are the most important things. And this took me two and a half years to actually figure out the questions to ask. So somebody calls in, and they're like, Hey, I'm looking for a shot or your your call and you answer the phone and you'd give your name and the company you work for how I don't know what you what you gotta say. That was me, hey, this is Eric with X, Y, and Z. What can I help you with? And that's set in a very caring tone, like, hey, what can I help you with? And they're often like, well, I'm looking for a shed, or I'm looking for a storage shed, they don't give you any details up front. Okay. And then my next question is, all right, what are you using this building for? So kind of an authoritative tone. And they would go into the speed of light? Well, I'm just needing it for some storage, or I'm using it for potting shed. Oh, great. We can definitely help you with that. How important are looks to you versus usability? Oh, well, I want the building to look nice, but I don't want to pay a lot. Well, okay. And ultimately told me the answer to this question of how important price is to you. They don't want to pay a lot. Now you have to determine what a lot is. But we'll go back to how important looks are versus usability that's very inquisitive, like you really want to know. They give you the answer that you're like, Alright, sounds good. How quick do you need this? Coke authoritative question again, how quick do you need this? And they're like, well, I need it at the end of next week. Okay, well, can you as like as a salesperson Do you know if your company can actually build a new building in and deliver it in a week? If they can't, and they have a building in stock that may work for them, then your focus needs to be on selling them that building that's in stock that you can get out there in their timeframe. If you can't get it in their timeframe, you have to give them the timeframe, you can do it. Well, you know, I'd love to be able to do that. Here's what we have in stock. It may not be identical to what you want. But let me send you a picture on what it looks like you can make the decision or I can build you a full quote with everything that you want. But we're going to be looking at about four weeks. Okay, so you set a timeline for each of those. Basically, on their timeline, they want it next week, which means they have to buy a building that's in stock or something that you're running a special on that, you know, you can get out there. If they don't want that, well, then they're four weeks out and your follow up is set on that. Okay, you know, they wanted as soon as possible. So that means that your follow ups have to be like, well, we got to get this order in on some let like your follow ups need to be a little bit more pointed. If they say, Well, I'm just looking right now. And you know, I'm looking for some time this spring? Well, when you say the spring, is that, like, is that February? Or is that may? Okay? Well, if it's May, here's what I'm going to tell you about our company, we usually get slammed in March. And our lead times right now are four weeks out. And in March, it's not uncommon for them to jump to six and eight weeks. Okay, so you relay that information over the client, now it's on them to make a decision, hey, I want this building in May, maybe I should take it earlier. Okay, well, now you have a sale. If they say no, it still doesn't work, then you can give them a timeline, say, Well, you need to have this order in. And I can't guarantee this because it's sales, this could change at the drop of a hat. But you need to have this order in. Let's say what's today, January the ninth, you need to have it in by January 31, just to just to make sure that you're safe, that you can get it in that timeframe. And then you can follow up with the customer that way. As it gets closer to January 31, you're getting more and more pointed, hey, based on our conversation you want in this building, and this timeframe. We need to get this on order, we may be able to stretch it a little further. And just be really caring in that part of it. But based on the answer that you asked on how quickly they need it that tells you what you need to do on follow ups. And then how important is priced to you? And you can just kind of throw a little inflection or a joke in there? Or how are you wanting to do that? It takes the pressure off of them buying this building. You know, price is important to everybody. At some point, like there's a price point that's going to break. And if they say, Well, you know, I really want the building to look nice, but I don't want to spend more than $5,000. Well, okay, here's what I can do for you. And I may put a quote together that's 56 or 5800 bucks with a lot of options and make it look cool. And then tell them that say, Hey, you know, I added a lot of options that are really popular that I think make the building look great. You might not like them, it's $5,800. And I know you said that your price points $5,000. So we can subtract this off, it's gonna get you really close to your $5,000 point, well, all of a sudden, they get this visual picture in this mind of this really cool building, okay. And they're willing to pay 5800 bucks. So you upsold them based on that. But you can just you can take the pressure off and say, Well, I know you said price is important. This is a really popular selling building, or this is what looks really nice. And I don't stretch it much over their budget, you know, 5600, but 600 bucks to $800 Depending on the field I get from the customer, sometimes it's only $5,200. And if they come back and just say no, that's too expensive. Well, okay, you know, what you need to do, and you know, the options that are available. And you can say, Okay, well, I can take the flower boxes off of this building and the shutters off, and you're going to be at $5,000. Are you ready? Are you ready to buy this? Like? Do you want to get it on schedule? Okay, your next two questions? Are you wanting to purchase outright? Or do you want to finance this is all caring and authoritative. So you're you're approaching it from at this point, you're the expert in the industry. You're going to give them an option on how to pay for this building. But it still needs to come across as very caring, like, hey, I'm interested in you about you as a person and what you can and can't do moneywise. But here's our options like X, Y and Z are options. So this is kind of a split, like you have to ask it in a caring, but then you kind of give them an option to help them solve their issue and very authoritative just, well, this is what we have for that. This will get you at your RTO numbers are $200 a month versus your $5,000 up front. And then you always answer this with a solution and that's authority. So, okay, so if you just burned down through these questions that give you an answer, and you can be like Okay, sounds great. Here's what I have in stock for you. We can have this out to you in seven to 14 days. I do need to get the answer if you need it in that timeframe or you want to building that early. I need to have Have the order in by the end of today. Or tomorrow, or maybe it's maybe it's Thursday, and I say, I need to have this order in by the end of by the end of the week, Friday night at five. Well, I know that my company doesn't process these orders until Monday, any order coming in on Friday late, it's not gonna be processed till Monday. So here's what's going to happen in this particular case. If the customer is really interested, and they miss it, they're often reaching out to me because they feel bad.

Speaker 4  1:30:34
And they say, Man, I'm running late at work. And you know, it's been a day, can I give you a call at 515? Well, as a salesperson, I'm willing to take a call at 515. If I know it's a payment, I'm not willing to waste an hour of my time after my working hours close to just shoot the breeze with you. So it establishes a timeline. For me, and I. Often when I set that up for people, they would call me at 515 530. And be like, I'm so sorry, I'm running behind time. And they may even say, you know, I'm still running late. And at which point, I would say, Look, no big deal. I'll reach out with you at eight o'clock on Monday morning. And we'll finalize the deal. I'll give you the weekend. Chill out, you had a stressful week. Because I know that that still meets their timeline because the company doesn't process anything until Monday. But I'm not telling the customer that I'm just I'm making it sound like processing it on Monday is actually a special thing that I'm doing it for them to still get their timeline. So that was really helpful on my side to start doing. All right. My results when applied. My time spent per client went from five to 10 minutes on the first call, or two five to 10 minutes on the first call. My average of total time spent to close first call to close was 15 to 20 minutes. My close rate. And this comes into lead clarification on the type of leads you're coming in. So I I split them. So I did a lot of testing and our company did a lot of testing on the type of leads coming in and figured out which ones were one percenters, which ones were higher percentage, like as far as the closing rate. My one percenters, my first contact with them always remained the same. But immediately changed after that, if I did not get an answer, so I wasn't wasting a lot of time on them. So I was only spending time on people what I call it a cliff. Like a clarified lead, was somebody that either picked up the phone, responded to my email, and asked me for a quote. So these were people that I quoted in my CRM pipeline, I had around 3532 to 3500 people in my pipeline, and I was only responding to around 300 to 360 of them. That sales cycle in that process was anywhere between seven to 14 days for that lead for that closing cycle. So that meant those 300 people were cycling. And sometimes you would lose contact with them. And in that case, I would put them onto our email campaign or drip campaign just so that I wasn't wasting time, the quote was still out there. And whenever they reach back out to me, I would take them off of that drip campaign start responding to them again, a lot of times, this was four months after the fact and they needed another quote, I was updated one anyway, so it was almost treated as a new lead in that particular case. And my closing rates are a direct correlation to how much time I spent on the phone. So anytime I went past about 20 minutes on the phone, I had less of a chance of closing them, especially in that 14 DAY TIME cycle. I may still close them, but they were out approximately two to three months. All right. Personal results before the lessons learned. So the first year in person sales was 1.1 million. And I did around six sales per week now I was selling large projects with this to like pull buildings and things. So in that 1.1 million I was selling pool buildings. And a few garages not not a lot but a lot more pool buildings. Online Sales my first year was a million dollars and it dipped which I wasn't happy with. But I wasn't selling garages and I was not selling whole buildings. It was only selling sheds. So five to seven sales a week and it was about a million dollars in the first 12 months. Year to 2.4 cuz I was nine to 11 sales a week. And then year three, January 1 through September 27 was 3.4 million. That's personally and then three to four sales a day. So anywhere between 15 to 20 buildings a week was that I was selling. And in that process, I was not. So year one. I came into the company with me as a full time salesperson, a part time salesperson, and two of the owners were doing sales. Within the first six months, the one owner dropped out eight months, the part time guy was no longer there. So within nine months, I was doing about 90% of the sales at the company coming in. So we were pretty small company when we started. And then one of the other owners was doing sales. Year two, I was solely on my own. And I on the first year that the owner that still remained doing sales was very sporadic, like he would maybe so one to two buildings a month. So not very many, it was just kind of an overflow. Year two, I was on my own no additional salesperson. Although at the end of that I did have an assistant come in and help me handle phone calls. And then year three, January through September, or through August, my assistant actually switched to the sales role and was doing sales alongside me. So she had no experience in that. And her first year she was on track to do a million dollars in sales. As well besides these numbers here. Okay, burnout, we're just gonna address that because it happens. The reasons, these are a list of reasons. And it's sometimes it's selling for the wrong company, your values don't line up. You don't have belief in the product and the company, the you know, the absolute sheer amount of conversations that you're having. Because it's a lot, and you're not seeing these people face to face, and emails, low face to face interactions that leads into the conversations, frequent misunderstandings, complaints, and reworking of quotes. So, even with asking the right questions, you're still gonna have misunderstandings, you're still gonna have complaints. And you constantly have to rework quotes based on what they're asking for. And because you don't see these people a lot, sometimes it gets dragging, and it's just your job is never any frequent, and quantity of follow up. The other thing is, you're constantly reading tone, so you have to listen, like the entire day, all you're doing is listening. And for me, I enjoyed it. But at the same time, when I went home, I completely checked out, I'm so sick of people, I'm done. I don't want to have a conversation, I want to talk, I don't want to do any of this. Because I was constantly reading that and having to like listen so hard for the tones of the customer was using second responder correctly. Okay. Salespeople often feel like they're in this alone, like, they're just on an island, they're out there doing it. Okay. They often sometimes feel for me, I felt responsibility for my company. If I wasn't making a sale, it affected me personally. But I also felt really responsible because, you know, I'm not making a sale for the company, can they actually make it, I'm not doing my job. That's how I viewed it. Sometimes they lack clarity. And by that, I mean, sometimes there's lack of clarity, from the company on the expectations required. Sometimes there's a lack of clarity as far as the product that you're offering. So this all leads into some of this. They're overwhelmed with the amount of people the conversations they're having, they lose pace, which means that they just completely get bogged down and just spaced out. There's a whole article on this actually. So this the last five points, six points actually come from an excerpt of an article that I read, so okay, they don't get the right amount of frequency or feedback. This was really important to me. I, I like constant frequency and feedback. So I want to know what I'm doing wrong. For me. psychologic psychological side, I'm going to therapy so I'm learning all this stuff. So this points to something else but I want to hear the negative of what I'm doing wrong so that I can fix it, rather than hearing the positive and this leads back into I'm not going to get on the psychological side of that. But all that being said, I wanted constant frequency and feedback. You know what I'm doing right? What can I do better? Hey, how are we holding up on say feels like all of that. That was that was me. But I think a lot of salespeople want frequent they want feedback on on their job and what they're doing and how they're doing and hey, can I improve? Or am I a rockstar, I'm knocking it out of the park, like, you want that. And then you aren't developing. So a lot of times, sometimes it just feels like you're sitting there spinning your wheels. And that's, that's a real reason for burnout.

Speaker 4  1:40:26
what to watch for, okay, you get grumpy with customers really easily you struggle to motivate yourself, you lose interest in challenging yourself, you lose your attention to detail, you're cynical, negative, unwilling to change. I don't know if I need to read over all of this stuff. I'm actually going to skip some of it. So if you have a note on one of these particularly, let me know, we can delve into it into the like one on one questions. How's that sound? Okay, when you do have burnout, I'm going to suggest getting mentorship that was really important to me. And mentorship doesn't mean it has to be a sales coach. It just means maybe you have a friend that really challenges you pushes you and says, Man, you can do this. And lean into you have to have sports hunting hobbies, arts, music, if you're a builder, just pick up your hammer and go build a shed again, like sometimes that's what it's necessary. Go Go take your anger out, go take your frustration out on beating something up. So maybe it's kickboxing for power to do that. It's absolutely worth it. And companies really need to be prepared for this to happen to their salespeople. And they need to be willing to back them up. So if it is happening, sometimes you don't know it as a salesperson, the company may see it. Maybe it's just something that we say, hey, you know what, we're going to pay for you to go on a break, or we're going to send you on a weekend away, or we're going to, you know, we're going to send you to an escape room or a rage room. Whatever it's going to be. And then the question that company needs to ask is, are you willing to pay for a recharge for your salespeople. So just something to think about. But I mean, as as a salesperson, you need to be thinking about this too, hey, I might need to put my company might not do this. But because it's your job, your career, you may need to be thinking about Look, I know, these are some of the tendencies of my job to get burned out in the sales, I should probably budget something for like just going out and just refreshing myself. I'm going to recommend that for your salespeople to measurement. You know, anything that can be measured can be improved. So always be leaving some type of a note, sometimes I don't whatever it is, maybe it's a mental note on what's happening in a specific situation that you're running into, and leave a note on it. And then you can ask people, you can ask your sales manager or the company and say what's going on with this, you can ask a friend, your mentor, whoever it is. And the things that I found really important for that we're a CRM software platform that allows you to keep up follow ups, keep them organized, timely. You can sync it to your ads and and your advertising forms. you track your conversion rates, you track your time spent. You can track your responses rates to messages, I didn't have that. The CRM I'm using now and my company does, which is handy. Sometimes it's a little frustrating too, because I'm like, Well, you opened it like what what's going on with this like, but can tell you if you need to fix content in your emails to helps you caught up, cultivate low quality leads with time management. And then the most important part is time management. And then recommended resources, HubSpot, Salesforce, or there's other multitude of others as well. Always keep your eye on the prize, your end goal as a salesperson, and as a company, what everybody's looking for is more sales. So don't get stuck in a specific thing that you're doing. And constantly pivot, like, just test and experiment and figure out something and this, salespeople do this on their own, and they just kind of, you know, hey, it didn't work with this customer. Let me do it. We often struggle with keeping track of what we're doing though, because we just do it on the fly testing. You know, as far as advertising, higher click rates in different forms and maybe something that grabs different attention. That's something on the ad spend and company side. The other thing is you have to have a good story for your car. I'm pretty good messaging, people's buy, I always say this people buy people, they don't buy a product. So ultimately they're buying a product, but they'll buy off of the person that they like. And because of when I say person, it also ties into your emotion. So they're really buying on emotion. Developing what sets you apart, takes a lot of time. Just be prepared for that. Be ready to invest. And then, you know, here's just a couple things that I would recommend books to read story brand by Don Miller, Donald Miller actually Verbal Judo that has more to do with tones and reading your customer knowing how to how to have hard conversations, never split, the difference was probably the most important for me by Chris Voss. It's the art of negotiation. And basically where he's telling you to go for a no, not a yes, out of the client, kind of a reverse psychology, which still gets you the answer that you need. And then the other thing is all marketers are liars. So I picked up this book from Goodwill, just happened to find it. And found it really helpful for the way that I actually sell. It's a marketing book, but it's helpful for the way I sell. And he just mentioned in there that your clients view life through a lens or a frame. And it's your job as a salesperson, as a marketing person to find that frame and address them in that specific frame. So what he said, as the title of the book is all marketers are liars. And in the second chapter, he said, Well, actually, that's not true. We all lie to ourselves every single day. So really, the title should have been, we all lie to ourselves, or we're all liars. But he's like all marketers are liars made you pick up the book, because it's the lens that you're looking through. And so that was really helpful for me. And then invest in good marketing that tells your story and don't settle until your goals align with your story. And then, always shoot for learning stuff and constant improvement. You can't control your clients and you can only control you and your responses. So that's the end of that, Matt. Yeah, whatever your schedule looks like or what you want to do, let me know.

Matthias Miller  1:47:43
Alright, right. Good. You guys want to take a five minute break or so and then we can circle back in and start diving into questions. Sounds good. Cool. Sounds good. You guys.

Unknown Speaker  1:48:06
You pause this meeting or just keep it on? Let me meet this

Matthias Miller  1:57:44
All right gave Mike Calvin well you guys are are they're just given Eric some time to grab some water and circle back around

Matthias Miller  1:58:01
while we're waiting on him any feedback from you guys suffer from respiratory

Speaker 5  1:58:13
I took some notes on the slides. sighs I have enough numbered bull or just questions. So depending on the format, if we'll go into our pre written questions, or if we want to kind of skim back through the slides, I do have some like Google Classroom hand race moments that we could discuss a little further.

Matthias Miller  1:58:31
Yeah, absolutely. That's we're gonna go Good. Welcome back.

Speaker 4  1:58:40
Yep, well fire away with however, I don't know what Matt was just talking to you about. So I'm, I'm here you can fire with questions or however he has said.

Speaker 5  1:58:50
Yeah, I had a question. So however, we want to roll with it.

Matthias Miller  1:58:56
If it'd be helpful for the sake of again, for the sake of future trainings to be helpful if we could just go through the slides one by one and just address so are there any questions anybody has about before we get to

Matthias Miller  1:59:14
let's see. Any questions on the About Me sections? Do you have over that time? I don't really expect a lot but alright, the About Us slide or the what you will learn any of anything like either those are the why online sales. Any questions on that? Seven, seven.

Unknown Speaker  1:59:48
Yeah, let me catch up here real quick.

Matthias Miller  1:59:53
I had a question on this one. No, go ahead. So we'll started

Speaker 5  1:59:57
my question was, you know, online sales. The bullet here is unlimited marketplace. And my question is, you know, with an unlimited marketplace comes the challenge of qualifying those inquiries. And so I was just wondering about like, you know, if you could talk a little bit more about qualifying leads, I think one of our questions that we had pre post was cashable shoppers in the world of unlimited fishing pole. Like, what is that? Sure, if you could share more about that I'd be really interested in. Yeah, I'm just kind of learning that.

Speaker 4  2:00:35
So I'm gonna ask you a question in return. Yeah, for sure. What do you classed as a qualified or as a casual shopper? Like, what I mean by that is, is are you? Do you have a problem? Let's let's take a step back. Do you have a problem contacting these customers? Like getting them on a phone call? Or an email? They don't have any response? Or can you get them on to a phone call or an email or text or whatever, it started a conversation? And then they just like, well, I'm shopping around?

Speaker 5  2:01:11
Yeah, it's a bit of both, I would say, Eric, there's a struggle to get people to connect and engage, once they fill out, we have a form that they complete. Some people actually put in their form, you know, why are you looking today? Just browsing is their answer. So there is a pretty clear observation that there are are casual shoppers. And we've kind of thrown the idea out of you know, how much energy and effort do you put into trying to beat that casual shopper as opposed to just okay, let them look. On a number, you know, make them happy with a quote that symbol, you know, something like that. So that was me?

Speaker 4  2:01:50
That's a good question. So yeah, you're right. It's an unlimited pool. Yeah. But there is a lot of casual shoppers, too. I told you that. That online is like I want it and I want it now. Okay. That is true. However, there's casual shoppers to that are just browsing. Here's my question currently to you all. If, for sake of example, if they say I'm just browsing, how do you respond to that customer right now? There's no right or wrong. I'm just saying, I'm just asking.

Speaker 5  2:02:23
Currently, we throw them a simple quote, based on what they filled out in their form. So if they said they want a 10 by 16, shed, we just keep it real straight and simple. And we send them you know, an image a quote, in a quick, you know, if you have any questions, give me a call. So we don't ignore them.

Unknown Speaker  2:02:39
But it's simple. Are you calling them at all?

Speaker 5  2:02:42
We will in follow up, but we'll at least I have been D prioritizing those and maybe giving it some extra days, you know, when I have time, everything else is ones are taken care of?

Speaker 3  2:02:54
Yes, same, I will call them but I find myself reaching out less to them than other folks.

Speaker 4  2:03:00
So I would, I would challenge you on that, to actually possibly do a call first. And then do their email. The reason like I found success in that, and you can test it doesn't mean that you have to do it that way. I found a lot of success in it. Because, okay, the call came in, or the email came in the form came in whatever it was, my process remained the same whether it was a really hot one, or really cold one to me. And I knew it because of the type of lead form that came in. So at the time, we were doing a pricing guide download, which the customer had to put in their name, their phone number, email. And that's it. Oh, actually, I think they've had the zip code of where they were located. Well, my, my phone call to that guy, the first thing that I did with any of people, whether they build a quote, asked for a quote, or they just did the PDF was, hey, it's Eric with, you know, XYZ. I'm just giving you a call. I saw that you downloaded the price guide. Let me know if you have any questions on that. XYZ and then what I would do is I'd follow up with an email you're muted.

Unknown Speaker  2:04:26
Okay, I'm sorry. You're good. Okay.

Speaker 4  2:04:31
So that was my process across the board now. With the email and the phone call if they didn't get back to me because it was a price guide. They were typically my 1% type of leads like they were casual shopping. They wanted to full list a price they weren't ready to make a decision. If they didn't never responded to my phone call or my email, I may give them a call the next day, but then they got put on to a email drip Campaign for us, which was just about product information building value. It was what set us apart from our competition, it was pictures it was, you know, things like that. So they were automatically getting reached without spending my time. Okay. But whenever that customer called back in and actually asked me for a specific quote, they got removed from that. And I immediately responded to them like a very hot lead, like, oh, yeah, I got you that lead, I saw that you entered our system before. But it kind of helped me sort all of that out. So that's where I would just challenge you possibly think about giving them a phone call first, and then following up with an email, because it gives you a personal touch, it's it and they may not like that, and that's okay, you're gonna know that because they're either gonna give you a call or a text back, which is a little more personal than an email. Email just goes in mind if I apply for to accompany and I don't want to hear from spam, spam spam. And, you know, it happens. But But that's, that's my thought process. People do it via text as well. So if you can get them on the phone? Or if they answer, after you've kind of determined they're an online casual shopper, if you ask them the correct questions, you can often get them to give you more information that tells you that they're not actually just browsing, they are looking, they don't want to make a commitment. So it's the biggest thing is they don't want to make a commitment. And if you're caring and understand it and respond to them in a caring way, a lot of times those casual shoppers will convert to actually a serious one doesn't mean that you're gonna get the sale right away. But a lot of times that happens does answer your question.

Speaker 5  2:06:51
Does and something you mentioned was about when they filled out their inquiry form, they were receiving a pricing guide in return. So there was a bit of a they put in they get out? Yep. Did you find that to be something that was? Was that just something that company structured as a part of how they handled leads? I see that a lot when you fill out like, what's your email address, we'll send you this great, you know, budgeting tool, or, you know, guide for meal planning. And it's an instant delivery, like there's a result on the end, as opposed to just here's my info. And I'm waiting for an answer. Yeah. How beneficial was that? Did people comment on that? That it helps their conversations?

Speaker 4  2:07:29
Yeah. So it online sales. I'm gonna say that everything is well, okay. Our world today is instant gratification. I want it now. I mean, that's just me. I want I want what I want, and I want it on my timeframe. So if it's today or next week, it's not I don't care. Okay. If I'm going to go onto a website for a product that I'm looking for, and I asked for information, I better sure as hell and get that information, or my credibility in that company is lost. I don't care if somebody reaches out to me and says, Hey, got your inquiry? Well, you still didn't give me what I wanted. Like, why would I do business with you, because that tells me up front that I don't want to do business with you. The price guide was a was a way to collect leads for us. That was set by the company. It being the right way or not is kind of a moot issue. It was a grab where, you know, customers would come on, they could view that we didn't have prices listed and inventory listed for sale on our website. So they could come on and view the products. And they could either go on and design a quote and ask for a quote that way. Or they could download the entire price guide. So that's what was happening a lot of times they download the entire price guide for all the different styles instead of going in and actually creating a quote, which in turn put it right back on me as a salesperson to actually reach them.

Unknown Speaker  2:09:03
Yep, that makes sense. Yep.

Matthias Miller  2:09:06
I've got a question on that point. So was there differences in effectiveness of a, here's a price guide. And here's all the that versus somebody specifically configuring a building and getting a specific, and then a difference between them configuring a building versus just getting a single price for something that they saw on the website?

Speaker 4  2:09:27
Yeah. Yes. And this goes to your testing. So a couple different things you can do. And I don't know a lot about advertising. I just I can tell you from the sales perspective. So we had the price guide. We had a couple of landing pages. What else did we have? We could they could design the quotes, which were generally the hottest lead if it was coming in via email, but a lot of times I would get a quote request. They're requesting a quote on a specific building. So That could be a landing page to it's kind of similar what you guys have set up, they're actually requesting a quote on that specific thing. And those were my, I would say, those were my hotter leads, I had a chance of getting them on the phone, or responding to an email or text, whatever it was, were higher than the PDF price guide downloads, those were the PDF price guide downloads were like a 1% lead. They they were they filled up the bottom end of the pipeline, in a campaign like an email campaign to just slowly be established as an ideal customer, really, the easiest way to explain that, so my 1% leads went into the bottom or that big, top part of the funnel to just feed down into the small ones where they're making a sale, actually. And we just viewed it that way. We didn't waste time as a sales team. We didn't waste time on those people and less, you know, after they got what they wanted, and we called them and our our conversation was very much the same as a hot lead versus the one percenters. If they never responded to that, it kind of told us where exactly they were at. So they went into the top of the funnel. Now, they may contact me a week later, or fill out another form for some reason. And I call him again. And now if if they did that, if they filled out 10 different forms in two weeks, no, I'm not contacting him every time if it's the same form. But if it was, they filled it out one week, and the next week, they did the same one. And I called him again. And I did the exact same thing and said, Hey, by the way, I saw you downloaded another price guide. What can I help you with and left him a voicemail to or a text if you if you guys want to do that. All of a sudden their credibility goes higher, because for some reason, they came back and visited my website again. Why? So it doesn't tell me they're just casually shopping anymore. They're actually kind of serious about this. So I need to spend a little bit more time if they're reaching out again. I don't know if this answered your question, Matt. Yeah, okay. I'll expound on that a little bit more. So landing forms. We had landing forms for, for specific buildings in specific areas. So we were targeting, like, let's say, a farming community with more animal shelters. And that was always done with testing. So we did an animal shelter form and a different type of wording on it. And then we would do one run, run one right beside it. Almost always, we're running two side by side. So that we can see, does one perform better than the other? And if so, okay, we're going to remove the old one, or row tested in a different area. And we're going to create a new ad or different type of form for this specific area to see if we can hit a different market.

Matthias Miller  2:12:58
So just as a example, scenario, I mean, we've got specific buildings on the website, here's this model. And here's, here's a, somebody requests a quote on that. You would, would you would the, would you still wait for a salesperson to get back to them on the price or as soon as they filled out that landing page, to him interested, it would shoot over the price to them at that point, and they would, they would go from?

Speaker 4  2:13:25
Yeah, I would recommend shooting the price where you can do this differently as a company. So this is this is a it's really going to come down to company policy on how you do this. And you may want to test this to see if you have a better result if it gets if they get a quote immediately. Either way, the sales needs to remain the same. Whether they get the quote, or they don't get the quote, the sales, people's responsibility is to still reach out. In my particular case, they would ask for a quote, and they got one automatically. I got a notification, I saved it on my end. And I called him and said, Hey, I saw that you got a quote, or you build a quote out, what do you think? Did you have any questions? Oh, well, I didn't get it. Well, you know what you should have? Let me send it over. That way you have a paper copy, you can print this one out. It's not a link. It's not, you know, whatever it is. But your process on the sales end should be the same whether they get it or they don't get it.

Matthias Miller  2:14:27
Yep. Any other questions on the way online sales or any follow up questions to anything? In any of those portions? We discovered?

Speaker 2  2:14:39
Do have one? This around the mentioning earlier throughout this conversation. This last conversation about the drip campaign. The you know, the welfare leads or the tire kickers, whatever. Yeah. Casual shoppers, I think as they were mentioned, putting those on this drip campaign Thinking about that a little bit? Should? Is there a specific process that should be considered and utilize for utilizing the drip campaign for the people? So should everybody be immediately eligible for drip campaign? Or should it be some kind of process of determining of only agile shoppers getting that? Or the monitored and turn on and off at some, you know, with some indicators? Or maybe just talk about that just a little bit?

Speaker 4  2:15:35
Yeah, no, that's, that's a great question. And, okay, so when I say drip campaign, I would say it needs to be available to everybody, whether they are a really casual shopper or not, but you need to have the ability to, to turn it on to them. So and remove them at any point. So if you have a CRM, usually that allow you to do that. And my, when I was doing sales, what I called the hot leads anybody asking for a quote, or designing a quote or call, and I actually quoted them a product, they would never go on that drip campaign. Unless I, I lost contact with them. And I could not get them back on, I still respond to them. Normally, I still, I still reach out to them via email, text. And depending on your CRM, you can actually set that up for me it was automated. So our drip campaign was automated, in this particular case, where on my 1% leads, because I knew the type of form that came in. And, you know, I was assuming some as well, and the company assumes some, but these leads that came in what happened is I would give them a call, and I'd send them my regular email. And I would turn them on to the drip campaign immediately. Because I knew they had a low percentage chance of actually getting back to me. What I discovered we sent out, we set it up. So that was an automated email that went out one every one a day for the first seven days. And then it was I'm sorry, it wasn't seven days, it was five days, I kind of forget the term. But they got hit every day for the first week, basically. And then from there, it went to about three days out. So every other every three days. And then I went to one a week, to one every two weeks. And we basically kept it at one every two weeks. And these are all like value related to your shed. Hey, you know, I mean, you can set this up how you want to, but this is, this is really in the technique of the story you're creating for your company, like what you want your company to be known for. And what you offer, these are, this is the content that's in this email. And it's like, you know, hey, we give this type of delivery. And we are we give a warranty. And we give this and we give this and oh, by the way, our buildings come with a roof included, because guess what, you know, Lowe's and Home Depot have their basic models that they list all over for $4,000, but doesn't actually include shingles, you have to buy those separately. You know, things like that, that actually build value is what you're going to be wanting to do. So if you create these correctly. If it's a product value information, your salespeople can actually go in and click one individual email. If they're even on a phone call, or they're in an email, and this customer asked for specific information, you already have developed an email drip campaign, all you have to do is take that one email and send it to the customer. That applies to their question. But it doesn't mean you have to turn them on to the to the campaign itself. So it's it's really easy to do that. Really handy as a salesperson just to streamline that process. And then you can always like expound on the email too, because you can edit it and you can just say, hey, here's the information in the picture that we that you asked for. In specific answer to your question, here's what you can type out whatever you want. Does that answer your question? Good.

Speaker 2  2:19:32
Does so one more question on that? If we have a hypothetical so we have a for that. We considered a casual shopper. He was listening. He was a casual shopper and we turn the auto responder on and he was on there for four weeks and then he becomes interested in active and salesperson starts interacting with and having like active conversations, exchanges of email texts or whatever phone conversations, and this is going on for two days, and it's becoming very active like this guys is becoming a customer that's going to buy soon. Should the auto responder continue? Or should that being thing be silenced? And it become more of a personal interaction? That question one? And Question two is, there's a lead for form comes in, and we determined this is the same type of person that's very actively engaged. And we can see he's probably going to close in, you know, seven days or some, is that a customer that should also see drip campaign or he should never know, be turned off?

Speaker 4  2:20:51
Yeah. That's a good question. Both of those. So question one. If that customer after four weeks, like, let's say, he's your casual shopper, he actually converts to saying, yeah, he wants a quote, and he becomes pretty serious. I made a practice to remove them from that campaign, and respond very personally with him. Because at that point, that campaign is pretty much done its job. And now it's on me as a salesperson to actually take it to the next step and close it. The same thing goes for question number two, is if, if that casual shopper the type of form that comes in, we would just looking at the form, we were classified as a casual shopper, but we called them in our process, our initial process was the same and they contacted us back right away and asked for a quote or ask for something else, then they don't go on that campaign, they are a hot lead at that point. So you're responding to them on a very personal level. Now, after the case, after that happens, maybe this person, maybe he was really hot for the first two days, for sake of example, first week, and then he drops completely off? Well, I'm gonna follow up with him personally for a little while. Maybe the next week, or you know, two or three times and then if I have no response, no communication whatsoever. He goes on to the to the campaign again. So that he's still adding value. Yeah. So he's still he's still getting value about what you as a company are offering. He's still getting value on The Shed itself in your case. But it's not taking a lot of your salespeople time. So it allows them to really focus in hard on those people that are actually having a conversation with them. Good, yeah, I appreciate that.

Speaker 4  2:22:39
Yep. And here's the other thing, you're not going to get that right every time and you got to be okay with it. Sometimes you're in and this happens on a phone call. It happens on emails, it happens on lead forms, you're gonna just misread it completely. You may lose it, hopefully you can, you can win it back. I have a I have experiences of people. And I can tell you day in and day out, I know exactly when I lost that project. And it's because I didn't respond correctly or because I did not listen enough. And I didn't respond on their timeframe. I didn't respond on how they wanted to be responded to. And I lost them because of that. For at the Shedd Expo, for sake of example, and I said this at the expo, but you know, we had, we're at the booth at the silent got to do software now. And we're at the booth and this group of guys walks up to me, and I was talking to some of my teammates, and Associates. And they walk over to me, and they say, Hey, Eric, come over here and talk to these guys. These guys want to know the price. And so I immediately sum them up by watching them or talk to the others. And I didn't even know their conversation, but I walked over and the first words of his out of his mouth is how much does this cost? I'm like, well, it costs this, this and this and this and just snap the numbers off. So the software that I sell, is really comprehensive. And it usually takes me if I do a demo on it usually takes me about on a short timeframe, 45 minutes to an hour and 15 minutes. And after I explained the price, the internet at the expo was bad and ours is a cloud based system. So it was kind of an issue and you know, took slow, and I knew this and these guys were like, Alright, tell us why we need to buy your product. Give me a demo and a rundown of your product within five minutes that will sell us on this. And I wasn't able to do it. But they asked me and they were okay with that but kind of put them on the edge just a little. You could tell it partly probably because of me and my boss Any language what I was feeling, I was frustrated that the internet wasn't working. And you know all that. Okay. But they asked me a question at the end. And I gave him a no answer because it couldn't lie. And he said, You know what you did great on your presentation. And you did great on the pricing. And you did great on this. But your answer was a no. To this specific thing, and if you would have worded this differently, we would have bought from you guys. So you can often point back in sales anytime you can point back to a specific thing that you did something incorrect. And it may be after the fact. And it's not, it's not wrong as a salesperson to reach out, after they give, you know, within an hour and just say, you know, I apologize, I didn't respond to that correctly. Are you still interested if I if I do this, and this? And it's hard to do, like, sometimes that customer has been really difficult, and all you want to do is go flat? Like, see, I don't want to do business with you. And sometimes that is actually the case. Sometimes they're not good clients. But sometimes it is okay to call them back and say, You know what, I realized that I completely screwed that up. Can I do anything to make it right? Good.

Speaker 5  2:26:28
I was gonna say I had a question on the next slide about physical products. It's a challenge. Where they can't touch the doorknob. They can't open the windows. They're trusting us for everything. Yeah. So my question is, you know, we have invested the, well, Michael will send out a packet of materials if requested, they want to see the metal siding samples. Do you want to see the vinyl siding samples? We'll get it in their hands. Is there anything that's worked for you as far as getting something physical, we've talked about mailers, we've talked about, you know, how, how marketing pretty doesn't need to be for them to actually type something and actually consider buying it. So I'm curious, like, How far have you walked down that lane and what's worked for you?

Speaker 4  2:27:14
Okay. That's a that's a, that opens a whole can of worms. So. Okay, so here's my question to you, do you do you have any access to any type of inventory, remotely close to you?

Speaker 5  2:27:31
The clients do. So they, they we have, if they're in North Carolina, they're going to go visit the builder lot that is, you know, kind of ingrained with, we understand this as an online customer. They can drive up, they can see it, they can touch it. But that's for a limited circumference. That's for driving distance. So there are folks further out, you know, there are folks in South Carolina that folks all the way out in Virginia, and they maybe don't want to take a four hour drive. Yes. So it depends on where they live.

Speaker 4  2:28:05
Well, yeah, I live in Colorado. And you know, everybody's used to driving, like at least two hours for something here. But so, in answer to your question, there's a couple different ways that you can do this. So you're going to have really cool marketing pictures. And I'm just going to push back just a little bit on really nice marketing pictures all the time. If that's all you said. I liked I'm always pushing for nice pictures, nice marketing pictures, nice everything, okay. What I mean by that is really good lighting. So that they can see details. And this is where I so the company that I sold for had satellite lots, which basically meant that we had one or two buildings located on them, they were not they were unmanned, and have a salesperson in specific areas where the customer where I ran into the ones that just couldn't see the product, they wouldn't buy the product unless it was a touch and feel I would send them to that location. Now I'm gonna say something really risky and Matthias and Gabe can shut this down and completely. So sometimes, I sent them to the competition. And by that you got to be really careful with this. So if I had really good pictures of my product, as far as the interior what it looks like, and I had a conversation like they were they were, they were just there. They just they couldn't say yes without walking into it. Okay. Sometimes I would send them to a competition that I knew was not manned or managed very well. So there wasn't a person there a salesperson that they would run into. And I would go over the details of our building and say look And I would make sure that this was really similar type of building product as well. So I wouldn't just send them to any Joe Schmo company out there. So there was details that I had to keep in mind. But sometimes I'd be like, Hey, why don't we've been talking about the quote, I've sent you pictures, I've told you everything about our product, the quality, what we stand behind, I know your touch and feel. If you are not willing to drive for two hours to come check this out or four hours. We have a lot here. If you're not willing to do that, then how about you go down to tuff shed that Home Depot, you know what I've told you, and just look at their building. And it, it doesn't help because they're like, I mean, sometimes there's a touch and feel situation. And they're like, oh, it's tough shed, you know, but based off of what I've told them, and my experiences and feedback from customers, and especially if you have reviews on your website, where they can go in and read this as well. But they'll walk into tuff shed, and all of a sudden they feel the floor bounce, and they're like, nope, see you later. Okay, automatically, they're buying from you. Because you have built trust. And even though they haven't felt your product, you've told them that and they walked into your competitor, that's not as good. So you've got to be really careful about how you pick that out. I would rather in your case, recommend for gave in this particular case, if you're selling in different locations where you don't have any physical inventory. See if you could possibly establish a network of previous clients that are okay with with somebody stopping out to their place.

Unknown Speaker  2:31:49
Wow, that's a sweet idea.

Speaker 4  2:31:51
So I would recommend that because then you're going to get customer experience real life. And I don't know how you're going to do that, you may have to pay these guys a little bit of something or give them a gift card or I don't know what you do your referral program, but allow them to be able to come out to your property and the location, one that you've sold, that they've had a good experience, or they maybe had a bad experience and the company has stood behind it and fixed it. Now. Now it's a good experience. And they're happy with their product and just have the people come out and visit. If they're okay with that, that's going to be way safer than sending them to competition. But I have done it in the past. But you just you got to really point out your strong points as a company, really get them sold on that. And then they have to mention, well, you know, I'm just not not okay with buying before I touch and feel well, unless you're willing to drive. That's kind of the downside of buying from us. As of right now, because we don't have a physical location. But you can go check out the competition and see how it does not feel how it does not look how the quality is not great. And just make sure that you know your competition well enough to point out all the flaws in that not as a company, but so interesting.

Speaker 2  2:33:10
It's a very interesting point that you you bring out there, what percentage of people did you find not comfortable purchasing, sight unseen.

Unknown Speaker  2:33:25
Of all the people that I talked to, in about three and a half years. The ones that mentioned it, I had probably between 15 to 20. That's it.

Speaker 4  2:33:41
And I think that really goes back to that really goes back to my company really spending a lot of investment on building trust on the website and the front end and customer reviews, where they really focused a lot of time and energy to build that. So the customer, when they popped on your website, they're already thinking, man, these guys are expensive, they have a good product, they got good customer reviews, well, that takes price shoppers out somewhat so you're going to lose some clientele but your clients that do call in are going to be a lot more serious because they already know what you're offering.

Speaker 2  2:34:14
That percentage that you mentioned 15 to 20% Does it hold true for the people you said all the people that you talk to? Does that percentage hold true to the people that closed then?

Speaker 4  2:34:30
Oh, that's okay. So you're saying out of the people that had a objection to not seeing it physically? Is it hold true to the closing rate?

Speaker 2  2:34:42
Sure, so So 15 or 20% that you mentioned like if we only spoke about the people that bought from you, you spoke and bought from you. Does that percentage like how much impact did that have on him?

Speaker 4  2:35:00
Here's what I discovered. So it's not 15 to 20%. It's about 15 to 20 people in three and a half years that I talked to, like, out of all the people that I talked to 15 to 20, people really complained about not having a physical access to the product. So it was actually pretty low for us. Oh, wow. But we also, like I said, we had some inventory, like one or two buildings located, you know, they were 6080 miles away from us. So it kind of gave us a little bit of an edge, we're not dealing with 100%, what you're talking about. But at the same time, I had people call me that said, I'm not willing to drive that far. And it was, if they said, they're not willing to drive that far to go look at our building, then it was generally a lost sale. So I had to figure out a way to meet or make them go to the competition. And by I don't have good data on on the closing rate on that if they did, but at that point, if they're so far away, and they're not for us, they weren't willing to drive two hours or three hours to come look at a physical building, or even some of them were super picky. And they were like, I'm not driving an hour. If I couldn't close them on the value. It was it was one of those things that I knew I kind of assumed that it was going to be a lost sale. And it was frustrating, because I'm like, man, if we only had something closer to show them. And so that's what really started me down the line of like, can I build enough trust in this customer build enough rapport, that they trust me, but it's just that one little thing that's going to tip them over the edge, then I'm going to send them to my competition that has a really crappy product? And, and let them go walk in and experience that feeling? And then they can understand why we're charging extra? And look at our reviews? I don't think that really answers your question. But I don't think I have enough data to tell you whether that directly affects closing rate.

Speaker 2  2:37:06
One of the reasons I was asking that was we are at the beginning of 2023, looking into some planning for 2023, I was considering of further expanding, you know, our, our presence, physical presence capabilities for across our region, customers actually being able to easily go to a location and physicals here product, if they want to and how much value that's going to actually drive to closing sales. And sort of surrounds that so

Speaker 4  2:37:41
well. I know there's a couple of companies that don't have any physical location in their rocket. But it really comes down to the story that they've created. And it comes down to somewhat the type of people they're selling to so that depending on the area that you're selling to that that does factor in they're here in Colorado, where I'm at, is in where I mostly sold was along the I 25 corridor, which is north and south. So the whole way from Cheyenne, Wyoming down into Trinidad, and New Mexico. And Colorado Springs and North is known to be fairly techie. So, you know, we had that market, as far as online sales go, sometimes if you're selling into rural areas, you're gonna be dealing a lot more with these clients that have to touch and feel. In which case, it may be really, it's up to you guys. But maybe you you find somebody that's willing to say, hey, you know what, pay me $200 a month and you can put two buildings on my property unmanned needs to be a good location, you guys got to do some research on that. But maybe you put one or two buildings in there and test it out and just say, hey, is this helpful? And did we get more sales. Ultimately, if you have two buildings on the lot, and your major, one or two more sales, it kind of paid for itself based off of that, but, you know, obviously, you have to take into consideration your profit margins on that to gain but you know, you could test it and just see if it improves it for you guys, if you're running, especially if you're running if you're selling into a lot of rural areas, and you're running into a lot of complaints about hey, I got to touch and feel this. It that also tells you a lot about your demographic of people that you're hitting on your ads and the air you're selling into.

Speaker 2  2:39:33
Good. The one little interesting point that you pointed out earlier was was for you know the interesting subject of referring people to the competition selectively very strategically. And you mentioned Home Depot, so they've never given it much thought that you know, Home Depot, your I buy the sheds and they're practically 100% on man, we're Yeah, Billy, you know, so it's, it'd be interesting to, to metal with that just a little bit on the quality side.

Speaker 4  2:40:09
Yeah, they're usually unmanned, and they are usually not in the best shape. So they've sat there for a while they're faded, they're whether they're missing a door or you know, something. So, you know, be a little picky and choosy if you decide to go down that route, because it is taste taking a risk, you may take the risk of that their sales guys walking around out there. And all of a sudden, you may lose a sale. So if you can pick and choose that, but yeah, I generally tried to pick a lot that was unmanned. If I sent somebody to it, I didn't send them to my direct competition unless they were already comparing prices. And then I specifically pointed out the differences between us and that, that particular supplier of the product. Tuff shed is massive, okay. And so a lot of people will compare your prices to tuff shed, because it's easy to get to. And they're everywhere, they're Home Depot, and they have their own lots and all this stuff. But there are certain ways that you guys build your buildings. I think Matthias has went over this a little bit with me, as far as how you build your buildings that are gonna set you apart from tough shit. And if you actually, they're not seen by the customer, if you actually explain them and what they do. A lot of times, you're gonna build value and trust as a company and as a salesperson as well. When you point that out and explain what that actually does, like, oh, well, you make your floors out of wood, and they have a rim joist around the outside, which allows you to not only nail your walls down through the floor, but allows you to, you know, fasten your siding to the exterior more often than 24 inches, which is all you can do on tuff shed. So don't you have a stronger wall system? I mean, these are things you need to know about your product versus your competition. Yep. Any other questions on any of that?

Matthias Miller  2:42:30
Not any questions on being ready for online sales, either from a company or salesperson perspective?

Matthias Miller  2:42:44
And no, then we're into efficient selling principles. What questions do you guys have about? This one, I actually did have a question that I submitted it was question number three in the document. The number of of leads that one person can manage on average, and you're saying 10 to 15 a day. And you're saying that includes new leads as well as the active pipeline? The number of follow ups that you've that's your?

Speaker 4  2:43:17
Yeah, yeah. Okay, that's a good question. This varies by, by salesperson. I'll just tell you where I like to be. When I was doing the short sales I wanted between 15 between 10 to 15. New leads a day. And I could reasonably handle so when I say new leads, that's meaning I'm making phone calls I'm making, I'm sending out emails, initial emails, and I was doing around 20 follow ups a day. That's what I could support. Now, I would have rather had it be around 15 follow ups. Okay, because sometimes these follow ups are really, actually you spend more time in a follow up than the initial phone call. Sometimes. And it's not that you're spending more time on an actual call, sometimes you're actually spending more time redesigning a quote or, you know, something like that. And so, you know, anytime that I went over 20 follow ups a day with 10 to 15 new calls. I was pulling my hair out. That's just me. Now, if you have one to two calls, or one to two new leads, then you can have no more follow ups. But my question in this as unless you're closing those follow ups and they're actually serious, it'll burn you out really quick if you do not have a new fresh lead coming in. So for me, the ideal I would have, I think, ideally, I would have liked to had 15 to 20 a day, but there's a Mac so there was one one Monday that I walked in and I had 60 new leads and I had 30 follow ups to do well that completely After my entire week up because it was it, I couldn't get through the new leads until Tuesday, which meant that I had to skip all of my follow ups that rolled into Tuesday's follow ups, which was 20. So now I've got 50 follow ups to do plus 10 to 20. Yeah, so you got to kind of run that equation out a little bit. But for me, I liked very, very easy to handle was 10 to 15. And I would not have said that was the case until the last year and a half, two years where I got really comfortable in a system figured out, Hey, this is the amount of time that I could spend and get the information necessary. So when you're starting out, sometimes it's going to look a little skewed. But as you get into the process, you're going to be able to handle more and more. Some people if you have a really good process, I know that I could have handled more if I would have had a system that my quote system would tie into the CRM, and that I would have had a seamless way to create orders after the quote, and take payment I did not. So I spent a majority of my time processing an order after it was sold. So 15 to 20 minutes for me to process an order after it was actually sold. Now, if I would take that out and say that was seamless, well, how many more people could have a handle. So it's it's very open for interpretation and open to your systems as well. There's no cut and dried, but I just like what I liked was yeah, like I said, anywhere between 10 to 15, new leads a day. And 20 follow ups

Matthias Miller  2:46:32
told me other questions on efficient selling principles.

Speaker 5  2:46:40
One for the trust building relationships. So this was brought to my attention on slide 12, where, you know, we're talking about, you know, always build trust, always build trust. Yep. Very tactically. My question is, how do you approach doing that? I think everyone has a little bit of a niche and how they go about tackling that. But when it's only your voice, and it's only that phone conversation, like how has that been efficient for you to do that?

Speaker 4  2:47:09
Okay. Sometimes I don't know how to answer these questions, besides asking a question in return. That's fine. How do you build friendships? Personally, I don't even know. But how do you build friendships? This is a business friendship that you're building a business relationship is going to be down the same line. And this and this really comes down to the questions that I asked. So those, I never really realized the importance of those initial questions and the first phone call. Yep. Until the last year. And that's when I saw probably the most success for me. Everything that I did in my sales process was based off of those questions. So if the customer responds back very curtain abrupt. I'm not, I'm not going to waste my time trying to sell them on. on everything that we offer. Yeah, if I do that, I'm actually losing trust from them. If I can respond a little bit, okay, I can't step completely out about who I am as a person they use, you can't do that long term. But in a phone call, sometimes you can. Sometimes you can say, Well, look, and you can still be yourself. But if they're really blunt, and you respond back, you also know that this customer may not be interested in all the details you have to offer. If you offer that. And that's just my perspective. And this is how I worked everything. If I couldn't mirror somewhat, what they are projecting this getting into the psychological side of it, but like, if I can't mirror what they're projecting over to me, I'm losing trust with them. Because there's not a connection, if I can connect on their level on some way. I have to find it. And sometimes, I may get a feel for it and the first phone call. And I may have whiffed, the second phone call will tell me that or an email will tell me that I that. I wish that was also part of the reason that I did a phone call and email so that I could like kind of compare the two of them side by side. Like here's what I heard on the phone. But these guys respond completely different via email, like who are they actually.

Speaker 5  2:49:33
But on that, go ahead emails versus phone calls. So Tori and I have found that we were initially we were really struggling to get people on the phone when we call first really struggling. And then we flip the script and we started emailing first with the numbers, giving them some numbers, and then we would get them on phone. And I'm wondering, you know, was there maybe a method we were missing? In calling first we'll Ways to leave voicemails tones in the voicemails or that promising leading question to get them to call you back? How do you do that?

Speaker 4  2:50:09
You know? Okay. So what you saw may actually be the answer to the question that you'd asked me before. So sending out something automatically to the customer, I don't know, if you guys were doing that. If you were not, that would directly correlate with you having more success with sending an email with numbers and then a phone call. For me, we all we automatically sent them something. So the phone call was immediate. Okay, so there's a difference if that might factor in there. As far as your first phone call, mine was cut and dried, like, honestly is like, hey, it's Eric over here, whatever, I saw that you downloaded our price guide. I just wanted to reach out to see if there's anything I can help you with. Call me if you have any questions. Here's my number. Click Yep. And then I would follow it up with my email, which already had my contact information on it. So hey, just left you a voicemail. Let me know if you've got any questions. Here's your, here's your price guide. Again. If I wanted to add, attach more pictures, but ultimately, your customers want something out of you. That's why they're calling you. It's why they're contacting you, if they're not getting anything would probably directly relay into your like how you're not getting any responses. Tones wise, if it's the first phone call, and you're just leaving a message, it's just like, hey, I'm here to be helpful, is really what it is. I probably found just thinking back on some of my experiences I probably found after I started asking the question of how soon do you want this building really helped me understand how to build trust with the customer? Because when I asked that question, it gave me a timeline. And it set an expectation for the relationship. So I didn't ask that for a long time. And then at the end of that phone call, I would actually ask them to the initial phone call, I would actually ask them if they told me that they want it quick. I would give them an option and say okay, do you want to you do want to buy this today? Okay, do you want? Do you want to move forward with us today? You want to experiment with that? There's all kinds of things people say that you should you should ask people like do you want to buy today? Do you want to get started today. So like, figure out what works for your clientele is well, then what works for you. But establishing where you're at, like the grounds will build the trust across the board. So if if it's if they mentioned they're not ready for a couple of weeks, I'm not going to ramrod information down your throat. Like it just it's a it's not true to who I am. It's not the type of person that I am. But be I also don't want to overwhelm you and force you into something because at the end, if I'm forcing you into something, how happy are you actually going to be with it? And sometimes I would actually share that with the customer. I just be like, hey, you know what, I can ramrod this information down your throat if you want to. But, you know, I don't want to be that I'm not that type of person. I'm not a pushy salesperson, this is who I am. I'm here to help you. Give me a call if you have any questions, yada, yada. And then that's how I would respond to everything like, Hey, do you got any questions on this quote? You know, based on the timeline that you gave me, are you are you ready to move forward with this? And then I would just reaffirm the timeline that we gave, and it just that caused that communication and being being the same across the board with this customer. Just builds the trust. I don't know how else to explain it. That's a long winded answer. So

Speaker 5  2:54:05
no, it was a great one. And you had asked us the question, you said you know how many times you're reaching out to someone in a follow up method and I think we all kind of have our own number. I know for me, I reached out six times and then seven starts to feel awkward. It's like okay, but if I push to seven based on the principles you're sharing, that's better. You know, what was your number? As far as how far was it for you before you got uncomfortable but you have to cross that line?

Speaker 4  2:54:32
That's great. Okay. When I first started with the company I did three to four follow ups that's it

Unknown Speaker  2:54:39
for interesting, okay.

Speaker 4  2:54:41
Yeah. And I and then my sales manager or the actually owner was like he was all into the Grant Cardone CARDONE University for a while and he's like, I gotta listen to this. Well, what he did was put the company information in so anytime that Grant Cardone and his associates called I got the call. So I was already kind of pissed off about it. And so he was like, Yeah, this TEDx thing, you got to do it, Eric could just got to do it. And so I started experimenting, and I went to five and I went to six, and I went to seven. I went to eight, at some point, okay, I didn't feel comfortable after four. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  2:55:25
so you were already beyond, I was

Speaker 4  2:55:26
beyond comfort. However, I never started hearing a complaint until around 810. Interesting. If your customer tells you that you're following up too often respect it. That's what I'm gonna say. If they tell you to shut up and stop, then you for sure better shut up and stop, you're not going to win anything by going on. Now. If you want to reach out, you know, six months from now, or four months from now, it's, it's a little forgivable. But don't push that envelope.

Speaker 5  2:56:05
When you say follow up, just to clarify, when you would do three to four, or those phone calls, or the voicemails, or the emails, were they all of the above,

Speaker 4  2:56:13
they were all the above. Most of the time, how I followed up was a phone call and an email. So simultaneously, so they got both. If you alternate it, it's up to you. And it wasn't until I started figuring out how to listen to the customer. As far as and what I found success in was then I started leaning more heavily towards one or the other. So either this customer responded better via email. So I'm going to respond to email to him, just one responded via phone call. And some of them, you know, I would call and they would waste my time. And they would just sit there every single phone call was like 25 minutes long. And I'm like, No, I don't have the time for this. So I would actually reach out to an email and have them call me. So I'm not wasting time, but they still got a touch for me. And if they were interested, they would call me and then and then we could pursue moving forward. But I never started hearing a lot of complaints as far as you're following up too far too often just shut up until after about 10 follow ups. And the amount of people that actually reached back out to me and said, Eric, you're the only person that's followed up with me was pretty astronomical. So it's pretty common for for clients to follow up two to four times. And then they drop it. And this is also where that drip campaign really comes in handy. Because if you can turn it on where they're getting an email every two weeks to a month, up, up, if you have the content, that's not wasting a lot of your time. And you you're not having a legit conversation with them. That's helpful too. And it still builds trust in that. Because you're adding value to your price and your product. If you're sending them valuable information, like you know, our buildings come with a 40 year warranty or they're deciding is a 40 year warranty. And here's our standard warranty or workmanship warranty. This is what we'll fix like, stuff like that is really important to the client to know that hey, my building is going to be taken care of for as long as I live. So

Speaker 3  2:58:23
I have a question regarding not given a customer all the information after after a phone call. I thought that was really interesting. Is that always your approach? And does that depend on the urgency of the customer?

Speaker 4  2:58:35
And? Yeah, that's good question. So it depends on the urgency. So based on how quick you need the building, if they are looking to make a decision. So if they're like I need they call you up and they're like, I need a shed. And you can just tell in their voice. It's like ah, these guys need it quick. Okay. My, my conversation was a shortened structure. Okay, I can help you with that. What size do you need? Okay, well, I need a 10 by 12. Okay, well, great. I've got 210 by twelves in stock. I have a red and a white one and I got a blue and gray. Which would that work for you? Do you want the door on the and you went on the side? I got one or both? Bam, bam, bam. Okay, so everything is structured that way. How soon can you get delivery out to me? Well, you know what, if you place the order right now, today, by end of day or if you're ready to do it right now, I can have this out to you. Let's say end of next week. If you know that's what your lead time is, okay? Don't promise something that you can't do. So in that particular case, then yes, I give all the information. Right now if they say hey, what about this and this and this? I really want to make the decision on The Shed but I got to actually take it home and I do you have a picture of this building? Can you show it to my wife? Okay, here's what I'm gonna do. Okay, yeah, I'll shoot you a message. Um, let me get you a picture of that. What's your phone number? What's your email? I get all that information, what zip code? Is this going to? Oh, by the way, what address is this going to? Just so that I can, if you keep this in the back of your mind, and you, I would recommend writing down the address because you have it, because then all of a sudden, you're like, Oh, well, maybe there's something else going on in this area. And this is really handy. I don't know how you have it set up. But sometimes for me, I had access to my delivery manager. So I'm getting into bunny trail now. But you know, I would call my delivery guy and say, Hey, can we do it, and maybe we had something else going in that specific area two days from now. And I can now call the customer back and say, Hey, by the way, if you order right now, I can get this building to you on on Tuesday, next week, because we have another one go into the area. Okay? If that customer is like, Man, I'm interested. I really want to do it. But I got to take this home. And how about this question. In just wings, one, what I do is, instead of giving it to them on the phone, I might follow up with them with an email or text and then give them the information. If they're more like, well, let's design a shed. And and I want to purchase this in the next four weeks, then what I would do is I would get their questions from them and kind of feed it out over the first one to two follow ups. My process now just give you this so that you know kind of how that worked for me, the amount of times that I followed up and how I followed up. So if a customer asked for a quote, or they gave me a phone call, and I build them a quote, I get their information, I might give them a quote over the phone, just in verbal speak, just say well, that's $5,600 Based on our options, let me send you the quote. And I would try to send them the quote within two to five minutes right after the phone call. Sometimes that's not possible, depending on your workflow, to which if you set a timeline, then get it over to them by that timeline. And then the very next day, I would follow up with a phone call or an email to make sure that they got the quote to see if they had any questions. Sometimes it was later on that day, if I got a sense of urgency out of them, that they were really, really interested and looking to move ahead, I'd follow up later that day, but usually the next day, okay, and then I skipped two days, follow up email and phone call again. Skipped three days, followed up via email, skipped another three days and followed up your phone call an email, or just phone call left a message. At about at about the seven follow up if I didn't get any feedback from them, I put them on on my on my email campaign. So they got reached one way or another. And I may mark it for an additional follow up two weeks from now to do another phone call. Okay. So that was kind of my process on that. But I generally if a customer asked information upfront, on the initial phone call or email, I tried to give it as much as possible to answer all those questions except for one, and then I would follow up with the next one. And you want to make that pretty quick. It might be two hours later, depending on the type of question it is. And just be like, Hey, I forgot to add this into my email, or my phone call. Here's the answer to the other question that you had. And it may be the next day. And then if you're doing a follow up and they bring up a question, and you have to redo the quote, sometimes I would just send out the new quote, and then follow up with them the next day and say, Oh, by the way, here's the answer the other question that you asked

Speaker 3  3:03:39
like that, because you're actually providing them some value every time you follow up with

Speaker 4  3:03:43
you actually, you're not just you know what's going on? You're not just reaching out to say, Hey, are you ready to buy, right? Hey, can I help you? It's you're actually adding value and trust because you're giving them something that's just, oh, well, yeah. And, you know, you could have given that information up front, but you're still adding value when you reach out. And then all of a sudden inside that customer's mind. They're like, You know what, they gave me the answer. And they missed that on the other one. And it really helps to establish engagement coming from them too. So they feel free to ask you more questions. Or, or just call you and say, Yeah, you gave me all the answers that I necessary. Let's just buy this.

Speaker 3  3:04:22
That's cool. That's really cool. Thank you for explaining that and going into detail.

Matthias Miller  3:04:29
I've got an observation about that. It's interesting that you were talking earlier about pacing the customer with the customer on tone, the directness in that, and that's pacing it on a micro scale within the conversation, but the thing you're talking about here is actually pacing it on a macro scale. So if they're wanting it now, we condense the entire sales process down into today if we can, because that's what they're looking for. If they're pacing over an extended period of time, slow down the sales conversation and leaving these open loops lets you To effectively paste it to match to match the pacing over,

Speaker 5  3:05:03
yep. In other questions, we're talking about qualifying leads. This might move us ahead a little indecisive. What if? So, let me ask a people question. And then a number of questions are people question is, what if the spouse is the true decision maker, and they're never the one on the phone with you. I am running into this a lot. Where they have one spouse is doing all of the contact, they're filling in the blank with all the questions, but they actually aren't the one that's actually deciding on the building. And maybe that's just how they manage the finances in their home, or, or whatever. Okay, let's have people question.

Speaker 4  3:05:55
And then to answer that first, before we get into the numbers, are they run together?

Speaker 5  3:05:59
Well, the numbers question was going back to slide, I think it was 15. Talking about the percentage of closing rates, and just wanted to clarify if it was, of qualified leads are of all so we could talk about

Speaker 4  3:06:15
this one first. Actually, let's hit the numbers one first, because that's gonna be quitter. Sure. So if I was to take all leads that I had, I didn't run any hard numbers on this. But if I was to take all leads that I had, I would say that I was probably around the 10 to 20%.

Speaker 5  3:06:32
Okay, you were selling 10 to 20%. Of follow leads of all leads coming in, in a calendar year? Yes.

Speaker 4  3:06:41
But when I qualified them, which means that, you know, the top end of the heavy end of that pipeline of the one percenters, okay, those are not classed into my what I call my closing rate. They are. But so that's the, that's the all leads part. That's the 10 to 20%. Like every lead coming in, I would probably say I was around 10 to 20%. But I was able to qualify the leads inside of those two only correspond and out of those was a 40 to 60% closing rate. So when you qualify that lead, I had a 40 to 60% closing rate of every active quote that I had out there. It's basically what I'm saying. So what I called a qualified lead was an active quote that I built and sent out. Everything else was a was just a pipeline filler. It's kind of how we classified it as a company. But here's my here's my reasoning behind this. It's a little confusing, but this is the psychology of the salesperson.

Speaker 4  3:07:55
Any person that I was able to get a hold of is what I should say anybody that I can actually have a contact with built a quote for, I had that 40 to 64% closing rate. You can take my entire leads and sales 10 to 20%. So now I'm an average salesperson. Okay? If you're lower than that, you might be like, Oh, what am I doing wrong? Like, what what's going on with this? Okay, so you're questioning as a salesperson, you're questioning, like, I'm doing something wrong, and my closing rates are terrible. This sucks. I hate this. You know, all this? Well, when you qualify them and say, the people that actually answer the phone, and the people that actually respond to an email, I have a 40 to 60% closing rate. What's that do to your confidence? Because now you're at the top of the market. There is no other salesperson out there that's closing in a 40 to 60%. Lead rate, right. So it may not be the accurate as far as the entire leads go. Even 20% is is top of the industry standard. Okay, yeah. But if you can split it out and say anybody that answers the phone. So out of all the leads that come in, if they answer the phone, if I build them a quote, if they respond to my email, I can close those people at 40 to 60%.

Speaker 5  3:09:19
I'll be real transparent. Eric, that's where I my very first question to you about the largest large pool of customers. The struggle that I'm finding is there are so many people answering the phone that are still in the casual bucket. And that's where I'm not sure if it's a asking better questions or really, you know, educating them on the process. Or if it's truly, they're bored, they're on their phone, they filled out a form, they'll pick up the phone, but they weren't serious to begin with. So I'm trying to vet that as we go through the process of qualifying leads. Okay,

Speaker 4  3:09:51
so here's what I'm going to say. Out of the people that you answer to that pick up the phone, they say that they're just shopping right now. Yeah. Okay. So I would say asking better questions, and also providing more value is going to be more helpful for you. In this particular case, if they're picking up the phone, I had the exact opposite problem. Nobody picked up the phone. So my PDF pricing guides, nobody responded to an email, and nobody picked up the phone. Okay. So when they picked up the phone, it was a win for me when they responded to an email was a win. So if they're picking up the phone, I would say that points more to asking better questions, getting a little bit more feedback, and then also being able to provide more value if they're actually answering the phone. Because if I'm bored, and I'm scrolling through, and I put my phone number in bet your boots, I'm not answering a phone call.

Unknown Speaker  3:10:44
Sure, sure.

Speaker 4  3:10:47
We'll get back to the people person. Unless you have something else you want to expound on.

Unknown Speaker  3:10:51
On that note. That's perfect. Thank you. Spouse. Yep. Lovely thing.

Speaker 4  3:11:01
So if I'm the customer right now, and I asked you for a quote, yep. And you call me and I say, your name is Marissa. Right. Okay. And I say, you know, I'm Marissa. It's great. But, you know, my wife made me apply for this. And I can't actually make the decision. I got to talk to her. What do you tell me?

Speaker 5  3:11:29
I've been asking them all. That's great. You know, What's your wife's name? Oh, Margaret, that's awesome. is Margaret, would she like a quote, center her email directly as well. Or maybe I can add her CC her into the conversation. So it could be the three of us. If that helps you in or if she has more questions. Feel free to shoot me indirectly. So she and I can dialogue. I try to bring that spouse into the conversation instead of having the other spouse be the middleman.

Unknown Speaker  3:11:56
For how successful has that been?

Speaker 5  3:12:00
It's hit or miss man, it's hit or miss. There are some folks that it's like, oh, cool, you'll talk to all both of us. And they'll throw the spouses email into the thread, and we're good to go. And then there are others that they're like, they're just so hands off that that's not part of the process at all.

Speaker 4  3:12:16
Okay, you might hate me for this, because, you know, I'm talking to women here.

Unknown Speaker  3:12:22
You're, it's fair, man.

Speaker 4  3:12:23
So, but you can do this for you guys to you know, you know, the other species, right? On some level. Okay. Talk to him that way. Yep. So here was my, my schpeel when this happened, and it works, and sometimes it doesn't. Yes. But I often got this whole thing of a, you know, I can't make this decision. Well, great. I actually kind of liked to hear that. Okay. But, you know, like, Me, personally, I like to hear that in some ways, because I'm like, well, at least you're talking to your other half about a big purchase. Like, it's five grand, like if you just drop in five and whoop dee doo. So I would sometimes make a joke about that, too. So often, I was talking to guys, I don't know, if you're talking to women, or guys, whatever it is. And I would just be like, they'd be like, you know, I got to talk to my wife. And I would just tell him, hey, you know what, I'm happy to link her and I'm happy to have a phone conversation with her, if you want to bring her in, or you want to show her the buildings? How about we do that? And and he'd be like, Oh, no, I don't want to do that. I'm like, Well, who actually wears the pants in your house? Right? And then make a joke about it. Because it's actually kind of a joke for guys. And it's like, oh, you know, whatever. And either forces them, and if they're like, legitimately serious, they're like, you know, I, they'll tell you right up front, if it doesn't come off well, and it but it's the personal level that you're adding. And, and it's like so so in that case, it's like, hey, you know what, I get it, but and then I actually dove into the whole thing of what's your wife? Like? Does she like looks? I mean, is she really concerned about the price because at the end of the day, you kind of you told me she doesn't wear the pants, so you kind of make the decision. So you already have the money side figured out? The real issue here is that you don't think she's going to like the building. So let's come to a happy medium. So you're the mediator. In this case, you're like, Well, you know what she like? What's he like? Is he only concerned about storage and price? Well, okay, well, then here's what we can do. And here's what I would suggest. How about you go have this argument at home about looks versus price, but here's what I can do for you. But bring them into the conversation then that way and get just kind of get a feel for what their significant other is and what's important to them. And if you can hit on what's important, that means they have to argue at home and the amount of times that I did that they would go home and argue and he would call me back and he's like, Well, you know, all I wanted was a toilet All by 48 shared, but my wife hates that and it looks like an ugly blob in the back. And so now we're going to do a 12 by 24. And it's going to look better. And he would give me the full list of things that they want.

Unknown Speaker  3:15:10
Interesting, interesting.

Speaker 4  3:15:13
So if I can give them an option, sometimes it meant I had to create a different quote, and send them a different picture of a different building, to give them a visual, but it's like, Hey, can I feel this out, and then send you an option to you can go argue, and then you can come back to me with a happy medium, I can't make that decision. And I would tell him, I can't make the decision for you. I'm gonna give you an option. You argue about it, and then you come back to me with your decision. And then I would reach out in the follow up and just say, Hey, are you guys done figuring this out? Like, have you gotten into a bigger argument? Did your wife kick you out? Now you need it for dog house? Like, you know what's going on? Like, that's kind of my process how I did that.

Speaker 5  3:15:51
Gotcha. Okay. That's great. big takeaway there. For me, it's what's important to them. Yeah. And then focusing on it. Again,

Speaker 2  3:16:04
one quick question ahead. And that was, these pictures you're sending out talking about? Have you found a big difference being in a configurator generated picture that matches what they're talking about, but it's, you know, generated by configurator, versus an actual, you know, picture of an actual shed that's, you know, more specific or, you know, authentic. In any difference in effectiveness?

Speaker 4  3:16:32
Yes, tremendous. Unless you have a really good configurator, that shows really good details. It's great for concept, and great for an idea, but it's not great for selling point. So if it's attached to your quote, or you're wanting to just like throw something out there really quick, I would recommend using that. But I would always recommend attaching actual pictures if you have them, or referring them over to your website and drawing a correct correlation saying, hey, this style and quote that I built was in this configuration. And if you're on our website, it's building number b, this is what it looks like in real life. That's what I would recommend, because you're gonna get more people based on real actual pictures or pictures with good lighting, that show detail you're going to that's that's the true accurate representation of your product, not 3d. Or 2d, whatever you using. Good. Yep. And that goes for interior picture. So I'm gonna go back to you guys, I don't know, if you're sending any interior pictures. Really, if you're not selling a physical touch, and field product, those those interior pictures become really important, probably almost more important in creating a story on how good they actually are, so maybe you're, maybe you're driving a vehicle over your floors. Okay, that implies that this floor is really strong. And so having something like that to be able to send to a client for something that you don't have as a touch and feel product is pretty important. And then longevity, really focusing on that and in picking into details. And just, you know, here's a picture of me, here's our trusses, and we use truss plates, and they're engineered at this snow load and this wind rating. And I don't know if that's the case for you guys. But sometimes that's really helpful for the client to be able to go into a walk and feel. And the other thing you can consider is creating some videos of just a walk in of an actual building. So you walk into it and show him in real life, what it looks like and you walk around it is really helpful. So I don't know if you're doing that or not. But that can be really helpful as well.

Speaker 3  3:18:53
It'd be really cool to be able to send videos, I think, of just a little tour, maybe at the different flooring options and the tech show. All that.

Speaker 4  3:19:04
Yeah. And I found a lot of success in in that as far as just walking around the building. And the hard part is finding a format to send them that's actually easy for the customer to view. So as a salesperson is sometimes kind of difficult to do that unless you're doing it via text, and you have access to buildings. But if you could kind of find a format to send an email or a link that makes it really easy that that is really helpful so that you can view around the entire thing and I've actually in the past I've actually taken a video of my entire inventory lot at my main location and just walked around and said, Hey, this is what I have in stock, this is the size this is the price and then send it to a customer so it kind of gives them more of a real life feel and they can still go onto our website and look at the actual pictures of it. But this is real life. I just stepped out of my lot. And I walked around took a video

Speaker 5  3:20:10
There was a question that came up to my mind about confirming the details of a quote Toria and I are both completely virtual. So we're never actually sitting with a customer next to their actual building. We're not flipping through brochures of the products and features. We're doing it all digitally. And just making sure that we're communicating with them, clearly. We have them sign off on a sketch a diagram and their invoice to make sure that we got it right. Yeah. Is there any tips you have on just making sure that that gets done quickly and efficiently fed a couple folks where it's just it's a ping pong match man back and forth with like, they said, what I said what they said, and I'm like, That is literally not what you said. So I don't know if they're changing their mind. Or what

Speaker 4  3:20:57
but yeah, so you're always going to run into that for sure. Okay. All right. I

Unknown Speaker  3:21:01
feel normal. But

Speaker 4  3:21:03
but there is a way to help streamline that process. Okay, so, and generally, if I had a conversation, and then I build a quote, I followed up either later that night, or depending on the urgency right after I sent it, or generally the next day, if I'm building a quote, pretty much, it was always the next day. And I would follow up, and I would actually go over that quote, now. Hey, you know, we had a conversation yesterday, this is what you told me that you were looking for. This is what I put together for you. It has a window window. Here, here. It has this door, this option, this option. Here's the price. That I get it right. Okay, yes, I got it. Right. Fantastic. Well, I didn't get it. Right. Well, let me send you another one. I'll make that change. We'll update it done. So the same thing goes for and I spent even more time when they called and wanted to close. They said yes, let's do it. Okay. Well, I got your quote here. Let's just go over the details. I have a 10 by 12. It's in this color, this color. Everything looks good. Okay, the windows, the doors, everything. You want to add anything you want to add a ramp? Oh, no. Okay. I'm going to send you this for E signature. And all I need is your payment. I'm ready for it right now. Let's just type that in. And here you go. And then anything after that is is changed, like change order. Same thing goes for your quote, like if you call them and go over everything. And they're like, yeah, it looks good. Well, that's a change. It's it's no more he said, she said, it's like, yeah, we had a conversation in the follow up. And you said it's good. Like, it kind of takes that away. It doesn't take it away completely, but it will definitely take it down.

Unknown Speaker  3:22:47
Interesting. Okay. Thanks. Yeah,

Speaker 4  3:22:50
it's a for me, I found it was more necessary. I had other the one owner of the company, he, he liked to have the conversation, he was good sales to us a little bit more pushy, but he liked to design the quote and send it while he was on the phone. And he would actually ask for the sale at this very same time. I couldn't mentally handle that. And I started making way more mistakes. And it frustrated me because I spent an hour and a half on the phone with this person. Now, when I could have just grabbed the details and then spent five minutes put record together and send it and then give you a follow up. For me it was more accurate. That way. You if you can do it, while it's on the phone, there's a massive selling process to that. And it's it's higher. I wasn't good at it. And I just personally I started making weight weight committee mistakes when I did it. So but he was a little bit more pushy on in that regards. And but at that time, you know, the quote, better be right. Like, if they're buying the building, and you designed it, it's a lot of pressure for me, as a consumer as a buyer. That's a lot of pressure if I'm calling somebody, and I'm having to build me a quote. And I told him up front that I'm you know, I'm just I want to quote on this building. And he's asking me for to make a sale on the first phone call. I'm not doing that. That's just that's me personally. So that feels like a lot of pressure. And that's also partly why I didn't do it that way.

Speaker 4  3:24:25
But yeah, consistently following up with the customer after you send them a quote or a purchase order, just to make sure that you have the details, right builds a lot of trust and value. Because they're like, this guy's going above and beyond to make sure that he got things right. And if he didn't, you know, mistakes happen, but there's a lot of forgiveness when it happens if you've done those steps thanks

Matthias Miller  3:25:07
All right, well, it's getting close to one o'clock for you guys. This is a good stopping point to break for lunch and pick it back up. Questions.

Unknown Speaker  3:25:22
Do you guys have any other questions? Before we do that? If we do that

Speaker 5  3:25:30
I have one more question. And I know we have a list that we had prepared that was a little bit more metrics focused. So we can pause if we need to revise and revisit.

Unknown Speaker  3:25:40
Yep, ask away. That's what I'm here for.

Speaker 5  3:25:45
Well, I'll ask one more question just to get it out. And then if we when we come back later, tackle some of that list. I think we had pre prepared if that's okay, Matthias,

Matthias Miller  3:25:55
I have no problem. I'm, I'm, I'm happy to go in as long as we as we want to go here. And yes, want to be mindful of you gotta get over there.

Speaker 5  3:26:02
Like squeeze it in. But for one, my question is your support structure for yourself in sales tools. You mentioned an assistant. I have a huge fan of delegation, but not always to people sometimes to just technology, and was wondering what your thoughts were things that were just like your you couldn't do your job without these things? Because it just made us more efficient for you.

Speaker 4  3:26:33
Okay. So I mentioned that I'm selling software now. Yes, that was the biggest thing that my the piece, I had parts of it in my, like, when I was doing sales, that I wish that I would have the software system that I had no, but it just because of the extent of it. And I know you guys are using one. So that was probably the most important thing, because for me, it became about the speed that I could process an order and the amount of time spent, that's where everything was at with me with time management. And out of that I developed my questions. So the assistant that I had, was an experiment, and also was highly necessary. So the reason that we hired her to begin with was when 2020 hit, I was the only salesperson. And I would spend the majority 2020 I was doing an average of um, I mean, when there's certain months that made it made a factor in this, but I was selling approximately four to five buildings a day. At a time, there was a part of our company that was like, we manufactured some other buildings, and we sold them as a wholesale. And I didn't really have much to do with them. But in 2020, it had to do with like, home gardening and home like farm, okay. In 2020 went completely off the hook. And the shipping was backed up, we couldn't keep up with everything. And so my phone calls, it was nonstop from America, I'm in Colorado, so any eastern time zone. So from six o'clock in the morning, five o'clock in the morning, which I had my phone's turned off. Anytime I showed up at work, the phone rang nonstop off the hook, either via their asking for quotes, or the buildings that I actually handled, or they had a delivery problem or customer service or something on the other end. It rang off the hook. And it was not uncommon for me to be on a five minute phone call and get off and have to listen to voicemails. Yep. That's why we brought the assistant. And then also because I didn't have software and tech, or a system. I was experimenting with having an assistant answer the phone. Have them build a quote out and send it. That's it just to cut time down and then also process my orders after I sold the building. It didn't work out that well because I found out that it's easier to process the whole way through in that particular case. And most of it came back to the software and and tech side again. Because they didn't have a good way to relay communication over. I know that could have been fixed. So that's why the assistant came on. The most important thing for me was finding mentors that believed in me. And I had a just an experience for me I had, I didn't really have any mentors, and I just fell into sales. So I figured out that I had a skill set but I didn't know why. And there were certain things that I wasn't very good at. So in my slow time I started listening to Chris boss which was really helpful to me, but he's not really a mentor, okay? I've had people come alongside me that have encouraged me, the guy that first trained me and sales actually does sales management for a different company. And we talk on a monthly, sometimes more than that, sometimes less than that. And he's always been like, Eric, he's like, you know, you're really good. He's like, you know, you. He's like, I'd hire you. And I was like, did you expect this from me when when I first came on, he's like, Well, he's like, I know you had capabilities, but I didn't expect that much. And so all that being said, that happened, and I had that guy beside me, when I ran into a problem or a customer issue. And I'm like, Man, all I want to do is take this customer and wrap their neck around something like that, just That's it. Sometimes you reach that level, and I'm just sick of it. And he always challenged me and pulled me out of that, or gave me a really helpful tips and techniques. So I had that guy. We hired a CFO at the company. Nothing to do with me, and I had my run ins where I liked him. And I hated him, because he was always picking up my paperwork. And the taxes weren't right and XYZ. So constantly doing more paperwork. But he's like, he's like, you know, Eric, he's like I, I was a manager of a steel company. And he's like, I had regional sales reps. He's like, you can hang with the top of my regional sales reps in these million dollar companies that I've had like, multi million dollar companies. The first time that I ever even thought about that, like, I was like, No, I'm not that good. And I don't think I'm that great. And I don't have a process figured out and I'm losing people, and why am I losing people and I lost the sale, that stuff hits hard for me. And so he's telling me this, and I just kind of waved it off. And it was like knollys near just, you know, shoot me full of smoke. I had a I had a mentor of mine. No, not really even a mentor. But he did the rent he offered the rent to own for our company. And he showed up to just go over how the rent owed works and sits down with me. And he's like, Eric, what did you do last last year? And what do you do this month? And, and what's your goals? And I told him, I was like, Well, I have a goal that I want to do $400,000 In a month. And he's like, okay, he's like we will you promise to tell me when you hit it? And I was like, Sure. I mean, like, Why do you care? Because I mean, it's not, you're not getting all of this, and you're not associated with our company. It's 50% rent to own at max. He's like, just tell me, he's like, I'm gonna send you something. And eight months, nine months later, I actually hit it. So I was at 400,000. I sent him a message. And I was like, Hey, I hit my goal. 400 grand, he's like, alright, and he sent me a $500 gift card. Completely unrelated to me. And I'm like, that blew me away, because I'm like, it just helped me recognize the value of goals and reaching for him. So as a mentor, he's meant a lot like we have a good personal relationship now. And then, right after all this happened. We hired another guy on at the company as well. And he used to own and part own and manage a really small company in the San Francisco Bay area, like a lumberyard, or he was part of it. And he actually took it from a small family on to the largest Lumberyard in the Bay Area. And in that process, he's like, Eric, he's like, you know, you you can hang with the top salespeople out there. He's like you just so that like that was kind of confirmation of the CFO, for sake of example. And whether I still believe it about myself. It's kind of up for grabs. I have my days. And especially since I'm in SAS sales now I'm like, Yeah, I don't know about that one. But it's, it's having people walk beside you that believe in what you do is really important. I would say it's the most important part for me, the long winded answer and then the other thing is, is just invest in fine tech that can help you manage your time well. Yep. That's long winded. So sorry. Hopefully that answered your question and if you have another question on that, let me know. That's great. Cool, cool. Currently with us Alright,

Matthias Miller  3:35:02
thanks. We probably keep going for a while here and probably be helpful to take another break. You guys. Eric, I don't know if you wanted to grab lunch before we hit into part two or not? How much time you guys are completely open to how much time you guys want to

Speaker 4  3:35:17
this. Yeah, this is open to you guys. I'm here to help you. I don't have anything going today. So yeah, I scheduled this out and have it set aside for you also. I'm hungry but you know, you don't want me to get hangry so but you guys what time zones are you on? Are you on the eastern?

Unknown Speaker  3:35:40
I'm on Central. Oh, you're on Central. Where

Unknown Speaker  3:35:42
are you? Where are you located? Victoria?

Unknown Speaker  3:35:44
In Tulsa, Oklahoma. Well Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, but

Unknown Speaker  3:35:47
yeah, awesome. And you, Marissa, you're in North Carolina, right?

Unknown Speaker  3:35:53
I'm in Cleveland, Ohio, Cleveland. Oh,

Speaker 4  3:35:55
well, that's close to mine. Yeah, that's close to my hometown.

Unknown Speaker  3:35:59
Where are you from?

Speaker 4  3:36:01
I am from well, actually, I'm south of Cleveland. I grew up south of Cleveland. Carrollton, Ohio. Ever heard of it?

Speaker 5  3:36:08
At Sheridan. Anyway, that is. That's my girlfriend that lives there.

Speaker 4  3:36:12
That's my hometown. Awesome. Yep. Yep. And now I live here in Canyon City, Colorado. We're Matt lives as well. So

Speaker 5  3:36:21
very cool. Yep. Do you want to set a time to resume and Matthias if we're going to step away from our computers and phones for a minute?

Matthias Miller  3:36:30
Yeah, it's 45 minutes. Good enough. Good enough time for folks that good.

Speaker 4  3:36:37
Feel free to collect any other questions that you have and thoughts I'm, I'm an open book when it comes to that. so fire away when we come back and I'm happy to do my best to answer them for you. So

Matthias Miller  3:36:49
cool. Sounds good. We'll meet up at Sure. Do my conversions right. 145 though. Sorry. Yeah. 145 Eastern, right. 45 minutes from now. Sounds good. Okay, sounds good. You guys.

Unknown Speaker  4:28:29
Dude, yes man

Unknown Speaker  4:28:29
harsh in a vague sense.

Matthias Miller  4:28:33
Concrete. Oh, sorry. We're running a few minutes Lake Erie Oregon Hello. Hello What was for lunch? Well, I had a big kid grilled cheese. So I'm all grown up now all right

Speaker 5  4:29:05
that sounds tasty. I had some brisket and green beans leftover it was so amazing

Unknown Speaker  4:29:17
I have some nuggets. Not compared to that brisket girl.

Speaker 5  4:29:24
I'm practicing that Maya recipe. Oh, let me

Matthias Miller  4:29:37
all right all right. Well, I think we're all here. We'll jump back in. We can keep going with either those slides and I expect any point you can. Or too long. We'll probably start on this So during off of this anyway, but so any questions kind of takes us into more of the efficient selling around the communication verbal jutti Verbal Judo, importance of voice, voice pacing. Any any questions that you guys have on on that part of the process

Speaker 5  4:30:30
I only read that one book out of the four, so I feel like yes, those studying ahead of me, which one I read? Well, Matthias actually sent me the Verbal Judo book when I started in October. It's great. But I will need to read it again. It's like there's so much. It's like absorbing a lifetime of training in one book. It's insane.

Speaker 4  4:30:54
Well, if you want to hear if you want to hear a funny story I was at we okay, I was at Goodwill the other day. And I picked up another book by Seth Godin called when to call it quits. And I've never seen that one before. It was just tiny. And I just started reading it. So we'll see how that one goes. Sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  4:31:18
Is it good? So far?

Speaker 4  4:31:19
It is I'm like, I've only been like picked it up and read it for like 25 minutes, a chapter and a half. And so, so far, yeah, it's good. And it's only like, 75 pages long. So that's even better.

Speaker 5  4:31:33
Oh. No, I think voice just just to be sure to comment on this publicly external mic was on the call, too. And we are working to get our call recordings, I think back up on sales message. But you know, Michael, if there's ever a critique or comment, it's, we don't work in a shared office. So there's not like you hear someone over the wall. Or y'all that was interesting that you can almost learn and bounce ideas off each other. The only way we have to do that is through going back and listening. Or, you know, having a frank conversation like that was really good do that again, or that was not how that should be handled least or whatever. I feel like as a team, virtually, we have to kind of go to great lengths to make sure we're critiquing ourselves in that area. It's necessary though.

Speaker 4  4:32:32
Yeah, one other thing to mention on that, like, there's just kind of a sidebar, but like, you can experiment on this outside of the sales realm and your career. You can do it with your friends. And you know, Matt's been experiment for me. We were friends, I think there's other people that I have, I've read a technique or learned a technique, and I just use it on somebody just and I don't tell them, like, does this work? Because if if what they say is true, is it going to work? It should work on anybody, right? So I try it on somebody else. I try it on a friend or in a particular situation. And if it works, I'm like, great. Well, let's just spin in a sales technique to this and we'll add it so.

Matthias Miller  4:33:26
Good lead qualification, any? No, we touched on this a bit earlier as well. Anything, any questions in this part of it?

Speaker 4  4:33:36
I'm gonna jump in here and say something. If you are doing testing on the marketing and the lead sources like qualification, it is really nice for the salespeople to be able to notate what type of lead comes in. So that in their CRM, they can just keep a note of hay. And this is necessary when you're first starting out and trying to develop this, of saying the type of lead that it was, that's the landing page or whatever. And being able to track what it does and maybe when when a customer response. So it requires a little bit more work on the salespeople, but as a company basis to know where to do the ad spend and to actually improve your lead quality of things coming across to the salespeople. It is important for the salespeople to keep track a little bit of that. So a certain type of form that comes in if there's a certain way that they can see at a glance what type it is and just mark Hey, this customer didn't respond back. And then maybe this one has more of a higher tendency to respond back in three days or a week. It's really positive feedback for your advertising team and also for the company but then also in the long it this is actually a long haul for you guys so your leads get better and you're not spending as much time on unqualified leads, shall we say? I shouldn't say on qualified leads. The lead is LEED but your, your low hanging fruit, I guess. So what I'm gonna say

Speaker 2  4:35:11
the one question I did have was on response time, I know you had said, ideally, responding to leads coming in in a minute. And for sure in to. Yep. But maybe talk to us a little bit on that. What happens if you get busy? You have a whole bunch of leads coming in, and you just can't get around to it one? And what about like, late at night? And they come in overnight? Or maybe at times when? weekends when there's nobody around? Or just how should those be handled? The still not, you know, have a negative?

Speaker 4  4:36:00
Yeah. hibbity? From? No, that's a good question. So my goal to respond, it was through working hours. So that was my timeframe, through working hours, if it came in after the fact. It was just first thing the next morning, you can set it up differently. And there's studies done that will show Okay, well, you should answer him after hours anyway. I disagree with that just from the salespersons perspective as me because I don't want to be working 24/7 I need some time personally to that's just that's me. Here's what my method was for anything that came in overnight, or over the weekend, the shortest method that I could use to contact the customer was what I used first. So I would sometimes like I'd come in on a Monday morning, we didn't work on the weekends, I would have 40 to 60 leads on a Monday. And I could split it up with my other salesperson if I wanted to. Because I was kind of in the manager role at that time. Or however I wanted to handle it. But what I would do is I would open each one of those up and give him a call. And whoever answered the call took precedence. And I would respond with a quote or answer their questions. And then, and then anybody after that would take less precedent. So maybe they might be end of day, and the lead may have come out on on Sunday. For sake of example, it might be end of day on Monday till I give them a quote or even reach out to them again. But I generally tried for me phone call was the quickest. So I just pick up the phone and make the calls. And I actually was able to see the lead sources that came in and I was able to see well I have 40 leads, but 20 of these are my one percenters. So those, I had two different ways of doing this, if I didn't have a really high percentage of people asking for quotes, I would just burn through those first 20 The one percenter people and just give them a call, leave them a message and it was just bam, bam, bam, after, okay. And what I had to do is I had to enter those manually into my CRM, it didn't copy in. So that was a lot of work for me. So I had that way of doing it. Or if there was a higher percentage of the ones asking for a quote, or a voicemail. Anybody that left voicemail always took the top of my list. And then emails asking for a quote was secondary. So it kind of varies. I played around with that, like, Hey, is it easier for me to leave a call and leave a phone message for all these 20 people that are one percenters? Or should I spend time with the actual people asking for quotes? And so I played around with that I didn't find a real solid way of doing that. But still the people asking for quotes, and the people asking or leaving a voicemail or anything like that, I generally took the top of my list. And then in the middle of there, maybe when I'm designing a quote, I got off of a phone call, and they asked me for a bunch of details and it was Monday and I was rattled. Well then I just called two people on the one percenter and left him a voicemail and then went right back into the quote. So there's not really any easy way to explain that this is the you know, you need to follow a b and c to make this happen. But I still hold true to the fact that if you know which leads are higher quality, those go to the top of your list, reach out to first. So yeah, there's times that lead your response times are 15 minutes As you're on the phone call with somebody else, or there's times it's an hour, there's somebody walks in, if you're only doing this by yourself, and over the weekends or throughout the evening, it might be a couple hour period.

Matthias Miller  4:40:16
So one question with that. Eric, did you have a specific way of tagging leads? Such as, you know, ranking them in the CRM as level of quality? And if so, what kind of structure did you use for that? Or when do you recommend? Yeah,

Speaker 4  4:40:31
it was it was just, I tagged it as a type of lead source. And I just internally knew. So we had landing page as a lead source we had online, we had a quote, we had the PDF, price guide. And whenever those leads came in, I was able to recognize them when they came in on email for him, and then I just tagged him. So because that's what I had to do is, our email didn't link directly with our CRM, so I had to manually enter every single lead that came in.

Speaker 4  4:41:18
I do have a question. Are you guys marketing anything on Facebook? And do you do anything with Facebook like messenger?

Matthias Miller  4:41:27
We're not even advertising on Facebook Messenger via

Speaker 4  4:41:32
Facebook ads, and then people respond via Facebook Messenger.

Matthias Miller  4:41:35
We're not driving Facebook ads to messenger at this point. Okay. Okay. Do you have any feedback on that?

Speaker 4  4:41:42
Well, what I was just going to say, in regards to responses, response times, here's what I've seen a lot. If you do mark it on Facebook and social media, you're gonna get a lot of after hours, requests and comments. So if you want to work all night long, and that includes into three o'clock in the morning, you'll have that. So you're always going to have some type of delay in that in a response time unless you're willing to actually, you know, answer their questions at whatever time they send them in.

Matthias Miller  4:42:16
Or unless we're willing to hire somebody from Hawaii to come Yes.

Unknown Speaker  4:42:20
Yeah, on a different timezone.

Matthias Miller  4:42:25
Makes sense. Many more questions on the qualification? Not

Speaker 2  4:42:33
one question here. One question all the way the bottom where it talks about back to the conversion rate thing. We spoke about this, some already, with the average conversion rate being 10 to 20%, and all leads for 86% percent on the qualified ones. If we were no, we spoken about a whole lot of different things that and be done and shouldn't be done to help with all of this with the close rates, and it's very helpful. If you were to have one minute, you'd have only 60 seconds to talk about. Like the most important thing, if I can only have one minute to tell you what, you know, you can do to help get that close rate up to that 46% of qualified leads. Why would you tell me that I should be doing?

Speaker 4  4:43:40
Can I have a couple minutes to think about that? Sure. Okay. Let me think about that. If anybody else has a question in the middle there, let me know. And I'll let you know when I'm ready to answer that one. Good.

Speaker 4  4:44:03
So I let me ask you this. The one minute is it in getting your close rate up or being able to qualify the lead?

Speaker 2  4:44:18
Potentially what I'd be looking for is what it could be. I mean, I guess, maybe, you know, qualifying the lead is the answer, but ultimately, taking us from where we are now. To there. Okay, what could we do to crack the code further from where we're at to get it to those numbers? Got it. Okay. Actions, action steps,

Speaker 4  4:44:45
action steps. Okay, one, I'm going to say, spend time developing a story that you want to tell to your clients that you as a company do. That's what One and that can include content with for email campaign or auto responder, or whatever that is, okay. That's one, two is run a test of the type of ads or the type of advertising you're doing and run to side by side, if you're not already, just to see which one works the best. And just experiment with that. And then three is asking the correct questions. If your customers are actually picking up the phone, three would be asking the correct questions and all. If you want to get better leads, you have to notate information from the sales perspective, and take feedback from your salespeople to get a better lead. So that it has to be a constant loop of, okay, we have ad spend, let's talk to our ad people, we need a way to market then when my when my salespeople are calling these people, they're not receiving responses or where they are. It is a little bit of work, but your salespeople need to notate that. And then that gets relayed back to you as an owner or AD AD marketing agency, which allows you to just keep in constant improvement. Get your lead quality up so that instead of every 20, that every 20 leads that come in and you pick up the phone, only one person answers, you want that to be it, you know, 20 people call in or 20 people send a lead in and you pick up the phone and 10 people answer. But it does require communication from the sales team. Linking it back to the ads to the owner. However, you guys do that on the back end. But I would say that's probably the biggest recipe for success is being able to communicate that as an ad marketing person just reaching out to your salespeople and say, Hey, by the way, we're testing a form right now. This is what it looks like coming across to you. Can you please keep track of this for the first 14 days? Like what's your response rate? Do people answer the phone? Do you know? Do they want a quote out of this? Sometimes it can just be really simple to even answer the phone. Now if that's the case, then great. That's an improvement. So that constant communication of relaying that information when you do release something as an ad and letting your salespeople know, really important, that's over a minute, but sorry.

Unknown Speaker  4:47:28
That's really good. Appreciate that.

Matthias Miller  4:47:31
So if I can jump in here a little bit, I think our media buyer does does a fantastic job of split testing, especially ad messaging. And we've there been as part of this feedback, we've hit some ads that have actually performed quite well, because salespeople have said, you know, Mercer Tory said, hey, people are talking about x. And so we say we go back to the media buyer and say these guys are talking about it. And then that. So we've seen proven that there's room for improvement on landing page split testing. And we've had some some talks about that I'd devote resources to it at this point. But I think from where I stand, I would be interested in hearing Merson, to hear your perspective on this. Seems to me that reach ability of folks is AI is at or above what? Eric set as kind of an expectation for standard. But do you guys agree with that? Are you guys still feeling pain with actually being able to reach reach people? My numbers may be skewed.

Unknown Speaker  4:48:39
What was the number that Eric said the percentage?

Speaker 4  4:48:45
I don't know. Like I was trying to figure out what Matthias was talking about here. So he'll explain. Okay, so

Matthias Miller  4:48:50
if Yeah, if so, Eric said that he's closing 40 to 60% of qualified leads. And he's closing 10% of 10 to 20% of the big pool. So if we have 100 people, you're closing 10. That means you're having conversations, if you're if you're closing it 40 to 60%, you're having conversations with maybe 20 people. And so out of all the leads, we should be able to get in contact with 20 to about 20% of the people who respond. And Eric in just a moment you can speak into whether that's about whether that's reasonable. What I'm seeing is That's true over an extended time period. So November, November, we were at 26% Sorry, December 26, November 35, October 51. And I'm not quite sure if those numbers are completely accurate in whether we we hit them because I think there's some some that got flagged because we generated quotes even before we didn't actually speak with them. But based off of that, it gives me the impression that if a if those numbers are right, and and be based on what I'm seeing it looks like our ability to actually get in touch with leads is at least in the ballpark of what we might expect.

Speaker 5  4:50:05
Yeah. Since we introduced texting Matthias, we've gotten closer to 20%. That was key, because we still have a pain point of getting people on the phone. Tori, if that's my, that's my experience. Maybe it's different with with Tory on maybe Saturdays are different. But um, the phone, actually getting a voice on the other line is still a little bit of a pain point, I think we've been able to scale up our ability to take the giant pool to a quote, because of the texting. And because of efficient use of asking the right questions via email, because we're sending them a mock up. I guess that's not a formal quote. And then they we are trying to ask them questions to generate feedback to get them a little further down the line towards a formal vote. So it's still there to answer your question, but I do think that our percentage has grown from nothing to more responses, because we're using more channels to have those dialogues with people.

Speaker 3  4:51:19
Yeah, I would agree with that. I do think it's around 20%. I've had I have seen the increase as well, when we introduced texting, I think you're having a little more success with that. Marissa, as far as you know, being able to close people with the texting and all that. I'm seeing more people respond through email, I am able to get people on the phone probably. Probably like 10% of the time. Yeah.

Speaker 4  4:51:49
That's not bad. And like he better said, I don't know how many leads that you have coming in? I think Matthias sent me some graphs. And I don't have them in front of me. But yeah, I mean, I think the biggest thing inside of your mind as, as a salesperson salespeople look at this different than a marketing company. And they look at it differently than the company owner. It's just the fact of the matter. I had arguments with my, my owner and my sales manager. Because of that, and I'm like, no, no, these are bad leads, these are terrible. And he came around to that to some extent. But at the same time, he was also able to push back on it when he needed to with me as well. But marketing agencies on on a general hole. And this is not true for every one of them. But it seems like they will say that anybody that comes onto your website is a lead. And as a click. And for me as a salesperson that doesn't mean anything unless they actually give me something to work with. So there's always a little bit of discrepancy on what we look for salespeople look for something a little bit different. The owner and the sales manager always want the salespeople to close at a higher rate. And you probably want that for yourself too. But that's that's the goal. And ultimately, your company is the one paying for the leads. So that's a big deal, too. But that's where it was, I found it really important for me to just constantly relay communicate of, hey, this lead seems to be working, you know, I have a higher response rate of phone call and email. And whether it changed anything on the company policy or not really didn't, you know, it did in the long run. But at the same time, it was compiling information for me that even if the company chose to keep a certain type of lead form, because they thought it was important, it forced me as a salesperson to figure out a new process for that particular type of lead coming in to see if I could maximize it. So you know certain lead coming in responding differently to them. You're muted.

Speaker 5  4:54:04
I want to stay on that with the numbers really quick because, you know, one of the numbers to me, that's a little startling is the closing 40 to 60% of a qualified lead. I come from a little bit of sales background. And to me this seems really high kudos to you. That That seems disproportionate in what is like not even this industry, but just standard sales in general. Once you close into full, full funnel qualified lead sales pipeline, I've usually see a different ratio. So can you help us with that? Because I want to shoot we want to shoot for appropriate metric, right? Like you may have a certain experience because of your background. You know, you're training. Everybody's a little bit different but we're shooting for a metric I feel like we should be shooting for an attainable metric based on industry averages as opposed to like the best of the best. So it's like, why would I play? Like I'm a, you know, a 500 average baseball player if they're they mostly don't hit 500, right? They're hitting 250? Or they're hitting maybe 315. If they're, you know, third or fourth player,

Speaker 4  4:55:14
so yeah, well, that's I don't know, that's a good question. So that threw me for a loop when I ran those numbers. So this is this is off of my CRM. And where these numbers are coming from, is inside of me, my CRM because of the type of leads that we collected, where the PDF price guide is, was the bulk of our leads coming in. They were the slow lead, and they were one percenters what I call one percenters probably a little bit higher, because they have a way to convert at some point because of our campaign. Okay. But what was what was what I found is in our CRM, it actually sorted it out and split the difference. So when I went to run a conversion rate for myself, on a monthly basis, it was only based on the numbers of active leads that I was pursuing. So like, when I say pursuing, I mean, sending out a quote, they answered the phone, they talked to me, they were not on the email campaigns. So that's where the 40 to 64% comes from. That's where that lead flow and that pipeline that I had stayed steady at around 300 people that I was constantly talking to. So I had about 300 people in there. And that's where that 40 to 64% comes from, which means that maybe they may have come in as a PDF, download. But they answered the phone, or I sent them an email or whatever it may be, I had some type of conversation. So I'm now tracking that if I can't get if I can't reach them, period, and I can't, they haven't answered the phone, haven't answered the email. I can't control that, at that point as a salesperson. So that's where those metrics are coming from. And most of the times when I talk to people about 10, to 20%, for industry standard, is because they actually don't split them out, and they do not qualify their leads in that particular way. That's something that we as a company did something different.

Speaker 5  4:57:12
That makes sense to me. And I just wanted to stop you because I have no views on these numbers. You said cumulatively annually, you might have 3500 to 3200, in the big pool, and then that scaled down to your qualified leads, which was that around 300. You said, right around 300? Yes. Okay. And then that is where the 40 to 60 were drawn up at.

Speaker 4  4:57:32
That's exactly. So what I, when I talked to a couple different shed companies in the past, and I actually worked for a different one. He's like, Eric, when I was new to it, he's like, your closing rate, like way lower than that? And I'm like, Yeah, because we're not qualifying any leads and what I'm doing on the sales perspective, I am spending so much time on a 1% lead right now that I'm not focusing time and and at that point, that company wasn't willing to actually do the testing, to say, Well, can we can we try something else to see if we get a more qualified lead? And when I say qualified, you're picking up the phone, or you're answering an email or text. Right, right. So they were taking the lump sum, and that's where this 10 to 20% is coming from. That's why they say industry standard is 10 to 12%, top performers, 20%. If you're taking the full thing, if you can qualify your leads down to, hey, I talked to them, I had an email come back, I had a text come back and you're actually communicating with them, you're going to see those percentage rates go through the roof. Yep. Interesting. And then also back to that part of the reason that I chose to split it out that way is for myself. Sure, if you're looking at this as a company, your closing rate still is 10 to 20% of all mass leads. But qualified means that my salesperson is focusing on the specific leads that get my company money, the quickest. And because of that, it's also allowing we're tracking that we're saying, well, Victoria and Marissa, they're at 35. They're 60% there, you know, this month, they may have close to 80%, you know, for some reason, and that tells me Hey, you know what, they figured out a system or we have a system in place that qualified these leads, and our leads are actually really good right now. So let's just keep doing what we're doing. So, and then also as a sales perspective, it just for me. You know, this personal so for me, if somebody tells me I'm 10% versus 40%, my mind is already going down that little spiral of like, I don't know why I'm doing sales. So for me, personally, the 40% was kind of a big number, because I'm like, oh, no, and now I'm speaking out of a place of authority, I'm speaking out of a place of, you know, being able to actually help my customer. And that's, that's the psychological side for me. The actual stats, you know, like I said, if you're taking the full client, the full lead pool still remains at around 10 to 20. But knowing that your salespeople are not wasting time, on a on a lead, when they could actually close something that's maybe even higher qualified. means that as a company, we're winning in the long run. I don't know if that answers your question.

Speaker 5  5:00:34
It does. Because my, my concern has been setting appropriate benchmarks for ourselves personally, and being able to make sure that we're because it's a new, it's a new venture, that we're really like, it's not just vetting how many times you call someone or how many good questions you ask. It's kind of the whole process. It's the marketing, it's the what's delivered to them in the lead form. So there's so many different testing components I've just been trying to understand. Based upon what you've done that worked for you, these are the results of the metrics you got, well, maybe we do it slightly different. What will the metrics show?

Speaker 4  5:01:10
And that's, I can't predict that for you. I will say this. So when I went to the other company, and they did the massive pool, and they didn't clarify any leads, they told me to go ahead and shoot for 12 to 15%. That's what you did what you should be looking at for your closing rate.

Speaker 5  5:01:29
Yep, that's it. That's the number I've had fine. Past experience was 15 to 20. On the closing rate.

Speaker 4  5:01:35
Yep. Yeah, yeah. So and that 20% in the shed industry as a whole, from what that company was telling me is, is probably one of your top performers is 20%. Sure. So if you're taking the full pool, that's probably going to be more accurate. But if you can qualify the leads, and obviously you're gonna see it start going up? And if you keep track of that, separately,

Matthias Miller  5:02:01
yep. Okay, interesting. So one question on process, current process, Murrison? And Tori, are you guys? Are you guys creating quotes in the system to generate that first ballpark price that goes out to people before you actually have a conversation with them? Or are you only creating quotes for people after you have that conversation with them?

Speaker 3  5:02:29
So I am so me and Marissa, we put our heads together to form a template. So once that lead comes in, what I'm doing is immediately sending them over, you know, within a tight form, so like 10, by 12, you know, whatever the dimensions are for the sheer type of shit. So shoot that email over to them. And then later on that day, or the next day, give them a call. Ask them if they received it, if everything was accurate as to what they were looking for, and then kind of just go from there. And then from there, build out the official quote and a configurator. Where it shows

Matthias Miller  5:03:06
Yep. And so that will happen until until you've actually had a conversation with them. And you actually, when did you guys, what was the timeframe when you guys started implementing that process?

Speaker 5  5:03:16
Think of a second week of November, 2 week, remember, may have been first week of November, but October's numbers are skewed because we were generating quotes. We were even, like, we were generating too many quotes that weren't actual conversations. Right? I think Tori when I had that chat, it was first week in November. Because we were doing it very differently where court jury was sending the the way we're doing it now was the way Tori was originally approaching it, where she was sending a quick and easy access points, quick numbers to look at. Whereas I was sending a like custom model built out with all the bells and whistles and it was like scaring people off was the feedback we were starting to sense. So we pivoted to the faster, kind of like cliffnotes version pricing and it seemed to help people ask more questions and answer the

Speaker 4  5:04:12
other question on that for you. And your lead forms as they come in? How do you get that information? Does it give you I Matthias kind of walk me through what that looks like the lead forms where they enter kind of a size and a style. Is that correct? And then that transfers over to you guys? Yes.

Speaker 3  5:04:31
Okay. So our email in in the CRM, we can see it under opportunities, okay.

Speaker 5  5:04:36
Cannot tell from where they select it, though, on the website. So if they're on the main website, landing page, they're just on the homepage and they hit Get a Quote, we can't tell the difference between if they are on that, versus if they've drilled down into a specific shed. And then they've said, Oh, I love the shed. Then they hit a quote. So we don't know precisely what they were Looking at, we know how they got to the website, but you don't know. What prompted them to hit that button. Okay.

Speaker 4  5:05:07
Yep. Yeah, that might that Matthias is part that might actually be handy to know if there's any way that you can notate it if it's just a code or something inside of that. So do you know what, at what stage so you could say, well, we need to really work hard on our website, getting people actually to that stage, because anytime that they go to the actual building design, and then click that, then all of a sudden, I'm getting more engagement. So that's good to know as well. The other thing to keep in mind on this, and just a suggestion, it's up to you guys how you wanted to handle this there are things that you can do is like if you take pictures, you can actually save them, and then apply different colors to the siding, and trim, and roofing. And just keep them saved. So if you saw that lead come across, you may be able to send them a quick email of what they have chosen with the colors that they have chosen just a picture screenshot without sending a quote and give them a snapshot of the price.

Unknown Speaker  5:06:20
Before putting a quote together. Just a thought that came to me while you were talking about it so

Speaker 5  5:06:28
good. I think we're close to that based upon what Cory and I send because we'll send them a a sketch from the configurator of a building that looks similar, but to your point about knowing where they came from, for example, if they're on one of the buildings that are oriented with doors on the sidewall versus doors on the end wall, we're trying to be as close as we can to that personalization. When it gets when sketch gets to them. As the price is the same. Typically, the door on whatever wall doesn't matter. But we want them to know that, like we saw what they were interested in. So I think that will help us knowing, yep, which building they were studying when they selected

Speaker 4  5:07:09
quotas, that is really helpful for you as a sales team. And also as an ad to be able to track at any point. And when I say as a sales team is just because it, it allows your customer to feel a little heard and seen. Because it's like, oh, you know that I wanted the building with the door on the side. So it just kind of gives you allows you to speak from a little bit more authority of like, Hey, I see that you're interested in this building, and you wanted the doors on the side? Is that really what you want? Or do you want them on the end? Or do you want an extra set of doors? And it allows you to just kind of speak from that side of it? Yeah.

Speaker 5  5:07:50
One of the things I wanted to ask you was what type of you mentioned forms that gave them pricing or like a pricing download and enter that for some folks can be a little overwhelming. But there are some common areas, we get a bazillion questions on pricing on for doors, just all the different variations of doors and what do I want to pick? And how much is it? I mean that that one stands out to me, it was like most time consuming of this. They're sifting through the style. And the price. Yeah. Did you have something for people to just hand down? Was there a webpage you directed them to like when it comes down to those just refining the final choices?

Speaker 4  5:08:30
Yeah, no, that's good. That's good question. So the price guide that we sent out had our sizes and styles, and then the options listed separately. So there was doors and windows in there, we did not have all of our doors and windows in there. I had to I had some inside of our system elsewhere, and some of it I stored mentally in my head. So we had to custom order. So those were those were things that kept you know, options are always you keep adding them to the list a lot of times. But yeah, I we had, we had a form that we could send people and I could technically just send them the options page, if that's all they were interested in. So that was handy. We could also like a lot of times I had this conversation. So it was like, hey, I want an extra door on the other side. What's this going to cost? Well, I knew in my head what's $126 For a single door, you want to double doors to one and five bucks. So I just tell them that off the top of my head. But that all came from a list that I had and I could send it if necessary. What I found in the sales side, and this might be crazy, you may say that doesn't hold true. Or you may completely resonate with it. What I found on my site is the more options I gave the customer the harder it was for them to make a decision. So I dumbed it. I dumbed it way down. So and that's why when I ask specific questions I would, when I up sold, I would sell, I would try to upsell them on a specific product related to the answers to the questions that I asked before. It's kind of a long way around it. But I figured out that I said, Well, we have all these different options, why don't you just take a look at it, they completely would just lose it and get confused and extended the cycle. And so I was like, well, here's what I have. And here's what I'm going to give you. And if you don't like it, I have other options, we'll discuss that. But here's what I'm going to put in here. It's the most standard, most popular, whatever, however you want to word that. But I did find that to be the most helpful. And towards the end, it was for good and bad. I found myself selling a particular style and type of building as the most popular one across the board and the same size. So it was just really easy to get into that rut. So sometimes it is easy to actually sell customers on something that, you know, ultimately they may have been, they may have wanted a bigger building or something a little bit different. I found that when I dumbed it down and took some of the options out was actually easier for them to make a decision.

Matthias Miller  5:11:24
I mean, this is an actual tie in into the qualifying questions. I'm curious to hear from you. I know, Eric, your conversation that that we that we had with Dwayne earlier last year. Versus Victoria had a chance to listen to that, and just know that they were able to put to use. I would I don't know what questions you guys have about that. I think that's a that'd be a fairly valuable thing to dive deeper into. And if there are questions do you have about about those qualifying questions?

Speaker 5  5:12:01
Are you referring to the list of like the seven prompts of being you know, caring, authoritative, etc? Yeah, that one?

Speaker 4  5:12:09
Yeah. One thing, one thing that is not on that list, is to ask for the sale at the end of the first call. Yeah, I did not put that on that list. It's not a qualifying question. But I mean, it can be used that way. Sure.

Speaker 2  5:12:32
So I've heard right, at the end of the very first call,

Speaker 5  5:12:35
is that right? Yes. You want to buy today?

Unknown Speaker  5:12:39
But it'd be sort of?

Speaker 2  5:12:42
Would it be sort of termed as like a soft question or more of a hard question.

Speaker 4  5:12:52
Depends on how the rest of your phone conversation went. So if they tell you immediately that they're that they're like, with a sense of urgency, Dan, it's more of a hard question. If it's a quote, that's more of a soft question. You know, if they're on a time delay, and it's not time of as of a little less importance, it's going to be more of a soft question. And I would try to give them as much information as possible, to let them make a decision on whether it's of their best interest to make the decision today, like, hey, you know, what our lead times are this. And I know in the shed industry anytime through, well, March through June is pretty insane. So that's where your lead time start happening the most. And so I would use that, and I would just say, hey, you know, we're two weeks out today, this might be February or January, or we have a two to three week lead time right now, I would suggest getting in before the spring rush. Do you want to go ahead and purchase this today? If the numbers look good to you? Or, you know, I'll send you this quote, and then I'd follow up and say, hey, you know, I sent you the quote, everything looked good on it. Okay. Do you want to buy this? I mean, do you want to purchase Do you want to get in the system? Do you wanna beat the rush? Do you want to, you can use what terminology you want to use. But now about the only time that I would be hard question was, hey, I need a shed and I need it next week. Alright, here's what I got in stock, here's what we can do. Let's, let's go ahead and do this today. Or, you know, I need to get this order in to get you on the delivery schedule. And I would often refer back to what the customer asked the timeline they gave me I would set a timeline that they had to complete a task so that we could fulfill their timeline. Right,

Speaker 5  5:14:38
right. I definitely. I love these questions. They have been a great help in establishing the cadence and flow to calls the only one I don't utilize is how important are looks versus utility that seems to be covered fairly well in is price important to you? Because if they like the look so Let's go question mark. Kind of go together? Yes. But it has been excellent in establishing, particularly just being upfront and saying like, what is your timeframe? It's been really helpful.

Speaker 4  5:15:14
I, I didn't use the, the whole thing of how quickly are you looking to have the shed until the last nine months? That came from my CFO, he's like, Eric, you got to ask this question. Come on. Like, why are you slacking? I never. I never asked it until that timeframe. And then if, based on that question, it allowed me to feel a lot more comfortable with asking for the sale at the end of that first call. Yeah. Those, those questions are what I used. So if you have others that you want to add to them, that you find really helpful for you to qualify the call use them. These are not a guide by any stretch of the imagination to say, well, these are the seven questions that are going to get me to a higher closing rate. That's not what I'm saying. They just allowed me to streamline my or to make my time more efficient, and get the answers necessary and spend less time per customer which in turn led me to more sales. So

Speaker 3  5:16:20
I think one thing that I don't ask now, often on calls is if they're wanting to purchase outright, or finance, I don't usually discuss money until like, the second or third conversation. So that's something I can implement more.

Speaker 4  5:16:33
Yeah. Part of the reason that I did that I could delve into more details about the rent to own. So I found that, you know, with giving customers information so that they can make an informed decision was really important. So if I asked the question if they're purchasing it outright, or, or that they're looking to do rent to own that led me to structure some of my, my follow ups as well, and just saying, hey, you know, we have a $200 month, we've got $400 A month, we got 500. And oh, by the way, if you add this option, it actually just bumped you your monthly payment up to $220 a month. So you speak in those terms, instead of just saying, well, it's $56.50 $600 or $5,700, you're talking in there speak. So that's the only reason that's in there. That makes sense. And you know, honestly, I didn't use all of these in every single phone conversation. Sometimes, sometimes the customer gave me an answer that I didn't even need to ask the question. And so I didn't do that. But sometimes I used all seven, sometimes I'll use only four. And I got the information necessary. But there's just a guide to be able to, you know, kind of give you feedback and let you see. Maybe the bend that your question is need to go towards. So

Speaker 5  5:18:03
I wanted to ask this question, as we were discussing qualifying leads, but there are shed buyers, and then there are tiny house buyers. And there's a full other lane of questions for those that are using these sheds for either entertainment space, where it's an office, it's more finished. What was your experience in at? Well, I'm curious if the metrics are the same? Did those tiny houses or tiny offices do those close just as fast as storage buildings? And if so, how in the world? Did you do that? Because there's so many. And also like, just the trend of that changing in general, because HDTV and YouTube and all those things people are watching.

Speaker 4  5:18:48
That's funny. So the last year what I don't have on this is that the amount of projects that I was doing, were highly custom. So home offices, like some type of finish, or they may have been a bigger project as well. Like a bigger building that they were planning to finish out. So I was doing a lot of those. My associate and team member was doing some of the more simple buildings, that's basically she didn't have enough knowledge on the building industry to be able to handle some of the sales that were coming through because we were getting more and more customized. So closing rates, you're selling a higher ticket item, but you also need to realize that your clients that you're talking to are willing to pay more. And sometimes when you're selling sheds, that's difficult to wrap your mind around as a salesperson because you're used to selling sheds, and now we're talking like $7,000 for your average cost. And all of a sudden somebody calls and says they want a home office and you're talking anywhere between 14 to At 20 $22,000, depending on the options that choose. So there's a lot involved in it. And if you can streamline the options that you're offering, and really give them critical, I don't know if critical is the correct term to use critical feedback or helpful information about what's most popular and what people offer or, Hey, you know what I was browsing through Pinterest last night, and I saw this really cool idea. And we actually offer it. And I can see what it'd be really helpful for you like you're using this as a home office like, we offer some sound deadening. I only say that because I'm sitting in a room. Okay. So maybe you offer that Well, great. That's, that's a sell for you. But it's just relaying that information over it does change your technique a little bit, because it is a high ticket item. And it's really, there's a lot of moving parts to it. I didn't really find it. After I did the first four or five. It wasn't as difficult to sell them anymore. But my issue was relaying all the things that I sold to the customer over to the shop to build it correctly. That was the hard part. For me, mostly because of our systems. But

Unknown Speaker  5:21:17
Justin tried to use that vaguely in that interest in the tool room.

Unknown Speaker  5:21:33
Probably thinks he's muted.

Unknown Speaker  5:21:35
Yeah, there you go. Does that answer your question? Marissa?

Speaker 5  5:21:41
Yeah, definitely, I think they just seemed like a longer lead. You know, they're, they're never in a rush if they're that complex of an item. So it's yeah, my juggle has been okay, well, they're in the pipeline now. And they don't want me to call them for like another month, because they're not ready. They have all these other things they're trying to put together because they're literally moving out of their house into something else. So it just is a whole other flavor of client conversation, then someone that's throwing a shed in the backyard for the long Are

Speaker 4  5:22:11
ya get used to a longer sales cycle on those for sure. Okay. Yeah, yeah, it takes longer, there's a lot of moving parts. And these guys, I don't know what you offer it, we didn't particularly offer interior finishes for most of ours. But when you get into interior finishes, if you do offer them, Oh, my goodness, you want to talk about difficult because everybody's got a different style. And they have no idea about the cost. And a lot of times your custom pricing something it takes longer for you to actually create a quote too. But it is one of those things like just the sales cycle is longer. But when you actually talk about them and walk them through the steps and give them information, the closing is not any harder. It just it takes longer, just because of all the moving parts that have to go into it. And then also, you may spend a little bit more time explaining them to the customer or educating them on a good product for them to use for their specific use.

Speaker 4  5:23:15
I do have a question for for both of you. Marissa, we'll start with you. Do you sell mostly into urban areas or rural areas that you know of? Like when you're talking to people do you know?

Speaker 5  5:23:30
Well, being that I live in Cleveland, Ohio, and that are told me I have no idea.

Speaker 4  5:23:37
Okay. So small towns is basically or borrows probably,

Speaker 5  5:23:42
I don't even know. I mean, we I would have to go back and look at I've been only working with two truepoint. Since October, from what has been sold, I would have to go look at the cities and see where they live. And that's okay. I think the majority of them are more rural. But I wouldn't say rural in the sense of you know, we're trying to establish a baseline for the client being high income versus low income, even if they're rural. It's been a mixed bag, but probably rural locations. Some of them are more high income earners. And some of them aren't. Well, it covers both rural,

Speaker 4  5:24:22
I met more of not not income earners, I met more of just specific areas.

Speaker 5  5:24:28
Then I would lean towards rural just based upon what I've seen in searching your addresses or hearing feedback from the site chair. There's my you have been hen percent so far that have been in a suburban neighborhood, very tight location.

Unknown Speaker  5:24:45
How about you, Victoria?

Speaker 3  5:24:47
I honestly do not know. Is that information that's important to know.

Speaker 4  5:24:50
No, it's fine. I I'm just interested in hearing only because you're you'll discover that your clientele actually changes In no specific areas, somewhat what they're looking for somewhat what you as a salesperson can push towards them for sales. But also, the other thing to keep in mind is the urban areas, a lot of people are working with really tight spaces. And so it is one of those things like when I say rural Ohio is a little different, because you know, you can have a mini farm on five acres. Well, it's not really rural in comparison to what Colorado has. Okay. But it varies on different parts of the country, Oklahoma is probably a little different as well. But yeah, that's the only reason I was interested in hearing that just to see, I sold a lot into more of an urban area. But then we also had little outliers right outside of it, they'd have 3040 acres. And so you know, it was kind of a mixed bag. So it's pretty common to have that. I just wondered if one if it leans one way or the other toward for you guys.

Unknown Speaker  5:25:58
I'm definitely going to start paying more attention

Speaker 5  5:26:00
to and I feel like that will affect marketing as well, because we're targeting different zip codes. That's quite an interesting question.

Speaker 4  5:26:09
So the thing about that is, is we had so a lot of my stuff I sold into Colorado Springs, here in Colorado, and Denver, while Denver was a pain because of all of their restrictions are probably one of the worst places to build in the entire US they just stringent codes. Okay, Colorado Springs was actually easy to deal with. But right outside of Colorado Springs, there was a county that didn't require permits and didn't require anything. So, you know, they'd be on a 30 acre lot. Well, what I would try to get out of the customers where they're from, which would kind of tell me what type of building they would be looking for. So I could, you know, hey, you're in a rural area and you're calling me about a shed and you can't give me any details. Maybe the first email that I send you is going to have an animal shelter on it, or something that's farm related or hobby farm related. Was just helpful for me and it's not super important for you it just, you know, might be something to keep in the back of your head dear to us.

Unknown Speaker  5:27:12
Yep,


Transcribed by https://otter.ai