Matthias Miller  00:01
gave Mike and Calvin, you guys have been pretty quiet after lunch. You guys have any any questions? So far?

Unknown Speaker  00:22
Probably off building sheds? Through

Matthias Miller  00:30
Do you guys have any questions around burnout? I kind of feel like this is maybe one of those things, it's easy to ignore until it actually becomes a problem. But

Speaker 1  00:40
yeah. I don't have questions. But I think it's definitely important to be a salesperson and owner and a marketing or, like you said, are all thinking very differently. And, you know, if we kind of have a way of expressing it to the team, when it comes, you know, I'm certainly not in place right now, because we're just getting started. But it I have been in that place like you have Eric, where you are getting a phone call every three minutes, and you have two voicemails waiting for you, when you get off the line, I have lived that and worked that for years. So that type of speed and intensity I know will come it will come with growth. So having just the open acknowledgement that that is there, and Matthias And Michael, like as we're planning as a team for longevity in this field, it will have to be something that we put some observations into and just make sure that keeping a pulse, especially on a remote team and can be very difficult. But having the transparency to acknowledge like this does happen in please raise your hand when it does, it doesn't reflect on you poorly as a worker or as a salesperson, it is truly a part of the job. Just like when you build a shed all day you go home tired, physically tired, maybe mentally tired as well. But like, there is an exhaustion component to it from talking so much. People say so I just put that in there.

Speaker 2  02:10
Yeah, absolutely. So here's the thing. Yeah, it doesn't reflect poorly on you as a person like it, it happens. It's a part of the job. And I don't think I was not prepared for this when I got into sales, but I was not prepared for the amount of emotional toll that it takes on you. I don't know if emotional is the correct term to use. But just the mental stimulation of talking to so many people and Okay, I just told you, I'm introverted. And I like one on one conversations, but at the end of the day, you know, 40 conversations that took me 20 minutes whether it's my teammates or somebody on the phone, or you know, I'm spending time putting a quote together and I gotta think this through like, there's a lot that goes into it and I'm not physically out there just you know, swinging a hammer and building it and there was days that all I wanted to do was just go do that because I didn't have to think and I didn't have to deal with people for crying out loud, like get me out of here. Because it seems to go in waves with people if you have any experience in customer service or you know, sales in general. It just seems like there's a specific day that hits that everybody that calls in is decided to just be a complete jerk so and then you have the other day is that everybody's super nice. And that probably is probably a reflection on how you feel as a person you're a salesperson too. But

Speaker 1  03:43
I definitely will say I do things in Sprint's very well, I do not do well with a marathon style for calling people all day and something beneficial Torian and we're noticing was people were answering more any afternoon. So it plays in very well to my pace in working because morning is great for emails and thoughtful work in organization. And then you have then a bulk of hours, maybe two to three Max, where you are dialing nonstop, like leaving voicemails dialing, hey, you catch someone on the phone. It's like great conversation time. So I tend to do that in Sprint's throughout the day as opposed to just like one call and then all this follow up on the one call. It's like Nope, just knock it out, get a game face on and just do it in batches. Plus, I think it's more efficient to do it in batches as well. But whether it's early morning or afternoon, like whenever people are picking up their phones.

Speaker 2  04:38
Yes, absolutely. And that might change for you guys too. And like here's the other thing, you know how you work best. But obviously doing what you're doing is probably the secret to longevity and sales. And it also allows you to speak from your authenticity as who you are as a person. So it's really good to do that. And, and I've found, I don't have any proof of this. So here Hear me out, this is just my experience, I have found that you seem to attract people that are most similar to you in sales, right. And so what ends up happening, most of the time as as your pipeline grows, you'll end up having a workflow that fits really well with you. That can be a positive and it can be a really distinctive, but in three and a half years solid at the same place, I found myself doing kind of what you're doing bulk batching certain things and certain tasks, which is good for time efficiency. Matthias can speak on that he's taken multiple classes on it probably. And coaching, I have not. But you know, I found it really interesting. I'm not a morning person. And I hate having phone conversations in the morning. So everything for me started happening after about 1030. And 1030 to 230 was my max timeframe for calls, I'd work straight through lunch. And that was, that was my time. But I would send out quotes late evening, I would close deals. late evening, my CFO had this joke running, he's like, Eric, you don't sell anything all day long. And on my drive home at five o'clock, it's ping, ding, ding like they're all coming through. But it made sense for me. And that's how it worked good. And I would, you know, I'd be happy to do a sale in the middle of the day. But what I found is it interrupted my flow. And a lot of times I started making mistakes on those orders. So I spent way more time and I'm like, Nope, I can't do this, I'll click the payment, I'll do what I have to do. And I'll process the order at five o'clock at night. As long as it's taken care of on the customer side, I'm good.

Speaker 3  06:50
I have noticed sales taking a long time, like two hours. When you make a sale during the day, it's like it takes so much energy to just finalize things and all that. So

Speaker 2  07:02
if you have a way to keep track of it, and you've taken the money and gotten the processes from the from the customer side done, and you just need to process it for me, I found it really easy to just breeze through five or six of them at the end of the day. Then it only took me five minutes. But during the middle of the day, man it was two hours I got interrupted and then I forgot something and I did something wrong. And it just drives me crazy. Yeah.

Speaker 4  07:36
Erica did have a question. Already backing up about two steps on the efficient selling annual results. I comment you had made when you went through that the first time?

Unknown Speaker  07:53
Where

Speaker 4  07:55
talks about the sales you did in the first year? Yes. So 1.1 million. And then you made a comment and said, Oh, some of those sales were sheds. And a few grand just just a few, but actually maybe a decent amount of Porsches and had a couple of questions around during that there was an interesting comment. Yep. So I got a handful of questions in that sort of a little pivot there that I didn't expect to hear. So let's see.

Speaker 2  08:38
That first year was Yeah, so that first year was the first year at the walk in place with the pole buildings.

Speaker 4  08:47
Okay, so how did you handle some of that like? So it seems to be like with pushes maybe not quite as cookie cutter as a shed is with you know, all the different possibilities and everything. Did you have like some good system to sell bushes as well?

Speaker 2  09:12
Okay, we were capable as a company of building them at that particular company. And we had actually done quite a few of them. I when I originally came on, I was only going to sell sheds. Well, that was hard because you're taking phone calls. And they're like, Well, I actually don't want to shed I want to 20 by 30. Okay, well, and we were building them. As far as a good process. No, I had to do I had to create a full list of materials, costs, add labor, I had to figure all that and create an estimate and send it to them. So good system No. And I may be sold one every two months. I don't know. I don't I don't have any way to keep track of what I did in the first year there. And then On occasional garage, you know that we would build on top of either an existing foundation that the customer already had, or we might do the foundation as well, we subbed out the work for the concrete. So, you know, that was that was the first year there, good process, we did not have any. And I, when we put a drawing together, I actually had to take a piece of graph paper, you know, put all like draw everything in for the building, the doors, the windows, the overhangs, like all of that stuff. And then just create a quote sheet with all the options that they wanted and create a price.

Speaker 4  10:37
Wow, how successful was that? Like, utilizing online platform for? Full shins?

Speaker 2  10:46
Yeah, so Well, okay. So the first year, the company that I was with, when I sold the poll buildings did not have an online presence. So that's that's that was in person sales. The first year at the online place, I didn't sell any poll buildings whatsoever, we didn't offer them. It wasn't until the last six months of the online sales company that I sold pool buildings. And it's really nice as a salesperson to be able to have that in your back pocket. That is if your company is able to handle it or sub it out and actually manage the job properly. Because you're basically taking the bulk of the responsibility as an owner, that's how we were set up. So my my name was attached to it if something went wrong, and my company's name, or our company's name was attached to it, when am I wrong, even if we did sell it out. But we did not have cool buildings designed on the online side. And we didn't even mark it that we just, we would sell them if we got a call on it. So we didn't market them. It wasn't what we were offering. We did offer garages, like build on site garages that we offered. And we marketed that, but not not the pool buildings. When one came through, there was a guy that was selling building packages, and I would actually just get him to do it is a design for me on him because he had a, like a 3d designer for pool buildings. And I would get him to put the design together. And then I would just use my regular quote sheets that I had, and build out a quote and send them the 3d drawings from the other guy, because we work hand in hand, and he provided the building package. And then I would just send them a quote separately.

Speaker 4  12:35
For the reason I'm sort of struck my interest is, you know, we do have some of the same capabilities and actually do some of this stuff, as well. And so it was sort of a interesting little comment there. Apologize for all the questions and you know,

Speaker 2  12:51
you, you can ask as many questions as you want. So here's here's

Speaker 4  12:58
a couple more here that yeah, go ahead. Yeah, what

Speaker 2  13:01
I was just gonna say as it is different to sell those bigger projects than a shed or even a finished out shed, like Marissa was talking about, like, a home office isn't thing so it's, it's a different process to sell those. But you will find it if you've been in business for a while. And you mark at any type of garages, you're going to start getting questions about garages, and then you're gonna get started, you're gonna get started getting questions about pole buildings, and hey, do you build an equipment shop? And do you build this? And how about a horse barn and that, like, those are constantly things and so as a company, if you're willing to pivot towards the end, you have the capability, you know, great. If you don't, then then it needs to be relayed over to your salespeople pretty quickly. That's not something we're offering right now.

Speaker 4  13:50
So, in your perspective, how successful do you think this would be if we were to create

Unknown Speaker  13:57
a

Speaker 4  14:01
lead form several lead form that is tailored towards pole sheds? And so the themes we do and drive people that landing page and have those leads come in? How successful do you as you see that the one and two

Unknown Speaker  14:23
How

Speaker 4  14:26
are open with that type of customer be for that huge ticket item with all the customization to purchase from us like without physically you know seeing a product or no arriving at a brick and mortar type store to make the final purchase decisions. How successful would you see that be?

Speaker 2  14:49
Almost more successful than the sheds? And the reason that I say that is what pole building company or garage comm Ernie has it has an example on their lot, or multiple examples that that ticket item, even though it's more expensive people are used to seeing it buying it sight unseen, they buy it based on the fact that their neighbor has won it, it looks cool, and it's a good building. And they need it. It's not, I mean, a shed is needed to but you know, sheds, there's lots everywhere and people can go look at them. You can't put up lots for a 40 by 60 building all over the place. And so people were used to paying for that. And that really comes down to your credibility as a company, your reviews, and your referrals. If you've if you've done some in the past. See if you can get those people to be a referral and and you know, your your potential clients can call them and say, Hey, how was your experience your building holding up 15 years after you had a built, that's what sells those. I, I see a massive potential. If you have the company infrastructure to handle it, I see a massive potential to increase a revenue stream, if you can put a shed industry and it pull barred industry side by side and your salespeople can sell both. That's a massive sales tool. Because the other thing is, if you're reaching a rural market, you're gonna get big buildings. Generally, if there's farm buildings, it's animal buildings, it's whatever it is garages. It just expands your market even more than the sheds itself. That's just that's how I view it.

Unknown Speaker  16:37
Really interesting aspect of it. Wow. What?

Speaker 2  16:44
Yeah, well, let me add one more thing. The one thing to keep in mind, if you do choose to do that, depending on where you're selling, there's going to be different codes and permit requirements. And that's something to keep, keep an eye out for and look into, because it adds a massive wrinkle. Because sheds are really easy. A lot of them don't require permits, or anything like that for building codes. So it's easier to sell them in that case. But just know that if you go into the bigger projects, depending on where you're selling, you are going to run into a permitting issue engineering and drawings issue that you'll have to keep them on file and be able to streamline that process for your customer as well. So yeah, massive selling tool. But also keep in mind on the company side, there's there's some things that need to be figured out too.

Unknown Speaker  17:35
But yeah, we do have drawing capabilities and stuff in place for that.

Speaker 2  17:42
Let me ask you this. Yeah, let me ask you this. Do you sub sub that out? Or do you have your own voters building that? Okay, yeah. So yeah, there's a lot of capabilities that you could do. And I would, I would see it as really being able to expand your market, if you chose to do that. We experimented, you know, the last year that I was with the online sales company, we experimented with it a little bit more. And, you know, I saw massive help in selling, because I got asked about it all the time. But at the same time, our infrastructure as a company wasn't really set up to handle the pool buildings. So a lot of times I would sell them and they'd end up canceling, because our infrastructure didn't support it as a company. And that's really frustrating as a salesperson, but even more so frustrating on the on the customer side. So if you got the infrastructure, go do it. It's great.

Speaker 4  18:41
These jobs you were selling, like, a lot of jobs were the you were selling huge job like 50k 100k, or some

Speaker 2  18:50
50,000 $60,000 is probably average on a pole building. 75 was probably the max that I quoted out, I never sold that one. But I had a couple like the last year that I was there, I had a couple $100,000 cancellations in there that doesn't show and those numbers that I have listed on there. So just I had around two to $300,000 of canceled orders, and most of them were larger jobs. So that was frustrating for me. Because the amount of work that goes into those and then and then having it fall through and it wasn't only the company, sometimes it was the customers and here in Colorado, we're dealing with some crazy rock issues. And sometimes all of a sudden that factors into an extra 20 $30,000 with the cost of something they thought was only going to be $30,000. And that's a big price jump to chew off. So we had cancellations because of that too. So

Speaker 4  19:54
what were you know, the close rates and everything you were mentioning earlier on sheds. Today pretty much pulled out, like same proportions, or did it differ there,

Speaker 2  20:05
I don't have enough data on that we didn't get enough leads in to be able to say that that's the case or not. Because it wasn't something we marketed for, we just kind of took them as they came in like a call. I would say that just a tie, it's hard to give you a percentage on this. But I would say it was still probably around 40%. As far as when a lead came in, and if I was able to put a quote together in a timely manner for them, there was about a 40% chance of at closing, I would say I had I'm just trying to recall the amount of leads I had come in that I that I actually created a quote for and took, because I was pretty picky and choosey about them. Just because I knew where our company was at. I think what I left, I had approximately nine pole barn leads, which wasn't very many, I had about nine pole barn leads. And out of those I'd sold three of them. So a little bit less than 40%. But I also was not pursuing the others heavily just because of where we were at as a company as well. So I kind of slacked off on some of like my follow ups with them just because of where we were at. So that's hard to give you data on that. But yeah, I would I would, if you wanted to ask that question, I probably asked him about like a pole barn company, I would recommend asking them just see where they're at with that. Here in Colorado, the pole buildings would seem to be a very, actually pretty easy sell across the board with any experience that I've had, and I have some friends that sell pull buildings. And they seem to sell pretty easily actually.

Speaker 4  22:02
The one last one I had if you did sell these bushes. Did you build them like about having somebody actually go to physically go to the site and inspect the site and everything? Or was that just part of the process?

Speaker 2  22:18
Yeah, good question. So because of the state of Colorado's permitting requirements for a lot of buildings, even though we were online sales, we did on site builds for buildings as well, because we were selling in urban areas. And the same thing applied for garages. Those have to be built on site like the big ones, two car garages, and then also pole building. So what ended up happening a lot of times is I would I would take a lead. And they'd say, hey, I need a quote on a on a 40 by 20 garage, I'd be like, Okay, what's your address with this, you know, I get them, you know, get all their details, and I would pull up their address on on Google and just take a look at it, see what looks like ask them where they want the building placed. And then what I did is I would build them a quote, based off the information that I had, and just say, this cost is dependent on your site being within plus minus six inches of level. If it was more than that, and I told them that requires a site visit. So if they were actually interested in this moving forward, my process was okay. I need to know if this price is good for you. And if it is, and you want to confirm this, I'm going to send somebody out to do a site visit. And we'll confirm the price and the details and we'll close it. So we always sent somebody out to do a site visit when you're dealing with foundations and big buildings, or even something that requires a permit. We had to send somebody out. So sometimes that was our on site guys, that they were in the area, they'd swing by and take a look at it. Sometimes it was one of the owners that was on a like a material run or you know, just out doing some other stuff. Sometimes we had a warranty call for a building and that guy was the guy that went out and did the site visit. And sometimes if it was local, I would go out and do it as well.

Unknown Speaker  24:21
Yeah, that makes a whole lot of sense.

Speaker 2  24:25
Yep, good. But ya know, when I did find this though, I'm gonna say this on on the last step. The big projects are sold better in person than online. So I'm just from my perspective, as a consumer, if I'm going to drop 50 $60,000 on a building, I want to meet that person. And if I get an off feeling on him, that's just not going to work. So you know, large ticket items like that are going to be easier to sell if you have some Buddy, you know boots on the ground, that's gonna go out and meet the customer build trust. And then you can have a guy in the office or a person in the office lady, and I don't care who it is, that does most of the back end work. But that person that goes out and meets them better build a lot of trust. And so that's why I always tried to have actually one of the owners of the company go out and do the site visits on my large ticket items, if it was not me. So it wasn't always possible. But, you know, those guys were really good at it. And they built a lot of trust, they stood behind the product, that's the one thing that I had a lot of things going for them is part of the reason I wanted them to go out is because they would not mention that they are the owners of the business on the site visit, they would play it off as a employee. And then I would close the sale, make the sale. And all of a sudden, the owner was back out there on the job. And if we had an issue, they're like, I want to talk to an owner and they're like, Well, I am the owner, and all of a sudden, they were at ease the owners on the job site, you know, great, he came out and visited me, it just built a lot of trust and helped out the online side of it. I could do that for myself if I was doing a site visit too. But a lot of times, you know, some of the guys going out and doing the warranty work we're not as I shouldn't say not as qualified but didn't have the experience. So

Speaker 4  26:32
that makes a lot of sense. Get somebody, you know, getting ready to pay 50 or 100 kV, probably want to make sure it's though.

Speaker 2  26:41
Absolutely. And I mean, they not only want to make sure they're getting a good product, but they want to make sure that the people that they're talking to are legit, and that they're, you know, they're gonna hold to their word. So you know that that's what I found as being very successful on that. And if it was local, I always tried to go out and do the site visit myself. That way, you know, the person you're talking to on the phone and seeing in the office is the same one that's out there. You I actually had to jump in, go ahead. I was just gonna say I had that, because one of the owners was living in Denver at the time. So that's kind of where that whole thing came up with the owners doing the site visits because he was driving back and forth to work almost every day, which was a two hour drive right along the corridor. So it made a lot more sense monetarily to have him just swing by. That's the last thing I'll say on that.

Speaker 5  27:38
Evening. So I'm gonna jump in here for the first time all day the understand what you're saying about the importance of a site visit, and that would not be a problem. I mean, we could fairly easily have one of the owners go out in you know, shake people's hands, take loose sight, build a trust, all of that. How would you picture the if we did some marketing, trying to scare up a bunch of pole barn leads? What would be your ideal setup of where the the online sales people would interact with a customer? And then the site visit and then closing the sale? Could you explain exactly how you would see that working? I mean,

Speaker 2  28:36
really? Yeah, that's a good question. Go ahead. If you had another part of that.

Speaker 5  28:43
I was just gonna fill you in on all the further explain this, which you already understand. So nevermind.

Speaker 2  28:49
No, you're good. So, okay. In my ideal world, the salesperson has a budget, or it's part of their job. And if that there is a specific person that really focuses on pole buildings, in the ideal world, that's not always what's going to happen. Okay. I'll just explain what I did in our process. And it worked. I don't know if it's ideal. Ideally, I think it would have been nice for me as a salesperson to be able to have the time to go do a site visit and to go visit the particular customer. But it wasn't worth my time because my time was most valuable. Staying in the office and selling. You know, on average, I spent, what three hours on the road to go out and sell a $60,000 project and in that timeframe, I could sell $60,000 in the office. Okay. So you can set it up different ways. You can have somebody specific for that. But I'll tell you what we did is the initial lead came in the call the email I would respond to them get their address and information. Somebody would stop by and do a site visit to confirm the site was okay. And then what I did? I said, okay, everything looks good on this. We did the site visit, if you didn't meet him, maybe they were gone. We did the site visit, here's the final price. And when's it work for you to sign these papers and put the deposit down. And so what happened is, is they would do a deposit or an E signature. And we would swing right back out to the job and get all the details correct. So I had a basically a sheet that I gave out of like colors and everything, but I had to design the building with the options as they had chosen. So that meant the doors and windows needed to be in there. And what I would do is, I would send out a graph or a floor plan of what we had discussed. And the final when we go back out to make sure that the colors are correct. And we before we order material, make sure the colors are correct. And everything. If you wanted to do a change order, then the guy doing that visit, if it wasn't me would come back to the office with the change order, I'd make the change, because it's already been discussed. We'd be on the phone with each other at the same time. And just say, hey, you know, I'm on the job site, and Joe Smith wants to add a coupon code at the top, and it's going to be 650 bucks. All right, well, then I edited the quote, and I sent it over to the guy, so they can see it live, like real time. And then we would finalize the details, and then that got printed out at the back end. And I would send that particular detail sheet to the customer for signature. And then the deal was done, I would just it went into our schedule, we ordered the material. Yeah, I don't know that that was ideal. It worked for us because of where we're at as a company. And there's a way to streamline it. If you have, if you have a tech, if you have tech that can handle that. You can streamline that process even more quickly. Where would be live updates. But you know, I didn't have the access to that time. So it was a lot of going back and forth in the office side of it for me. But you know, that constant communication to whoever's out on the job site, doing the visit was really important. And we developed a like a checklist go down through to make sure that everything was right on the quote. And if there was any changes to make the change in market. And if you know, that's the other thing. If one of the owners was doing the site visit, a lot of times he knew the pricing. The other guys didn't. So they could actually give them a number if the customer said something, hey, you know, I want to add this. What do you what do you think the ballpark is going to be? Well, the owners are going to be like, well, it's gonna be five 600 bucks. Around there. We'll get with Eric to confirm that but about five 600 bucks. And when that came back, they told me that and I would just update it and go with it. Does that answer your question or is that too long winded and complicated?

Speaker 5  33:08
No, it doesn't. It's It's just common sense. One thing interesting about this, this pole barn The one big difference between the pole barn industry and the shed industry is the shed it's the shed industry.

Unknown Speaker  33:28
There's there's decent sized

Speaker 5  33:31
companies all over the place. And at this point in the game, pole, barns are all very regional. Like there's Morton, of course. But it would be really interesting to see what happened with like a campaign, a marketing campaign for pole barns. Like I have a hunch that

Speaker 6  34:01
there's well just this morning.

Speaker 5  34:05
Quick little story. Really quick. Fire away. I don't know if you're aware of how crazy the puppy market was like, over COVID. But if anybody wanted to get rich quick, you just raise pups, Golden Retriever puppies, were selling for $2,500 and it was just ridiculous. Well, the game has changed that day. I'm trying to sell my last Golden Retriever puppy out of a litter of 10 for $525. And I think I'm gonna get it sold but seven o'clock tonight, but this morning, somebody showed up. Okay, we're now in a competitive market. Golden Retrievers are the most popular puppy in the United States of America. And they're like, way cheap. There's way too many out there. Everybody's trying to sell them this morning. A customer showed up for this puppy and she said, he drove a couple hours. And she said, Boys really hard to find a puppy. I just couldn't find anybody that would respond to me. And I couldn't believe it is ridiculous.

Unknown Speaker  35:20
So ah, okay, go ahead.

Speaker 2  35:23
No with that story, here's the thing. The bigger of company that this is my opinion. Okay, so the bigger of company you are, let's say your Morton or tuff shed or whoever it is, the harder it is to keep your competitive, I think, in some way, okay, you have a lot of money to bankroll stuff, okay. But at the same time, as the harder it is to keep your competitive edge on what makes you best. And in the construction industry, I'm not talking sheds, I'm not talking pool buildings. I'm talking just construction in general. The biggest complaint you hear back is, man, my builder doesn't return my calls. This sucks. Their communication is terrible. The sales guy didn't get back to me. You know, and my sub just canceled on me for whatever reason, and now he doesn't show up to the job and what's going on with this. Okay, this is really common. The biggest secret to success in the construction industry is give the people a call back and answer their calls. communicate with them. And honestly, with pole barns, the same exact thing is if you can return a call, get him a quote quickly. Hold your true Hold, hold true to your word, and be good quality, you'll gain a crazy amount of business. Well,

Speaker 5  36:55
this is exciting stuff. So you never ran like intentionally tried to do advertising for pole barns. Like I think earlier you said it just kind of happened like when people asked

Speaker 2  37:08
Yeah, so the the first company that ever did sales for we actually did advertise pull buildings where I sold the most of them. That was in person sales. And there I was going out and doing all the site visits myself. But the second company where I had the success with online sales, we didn't we didn't mess with pole barns, we just refer it to somebody else. For the first two and a half years. It wasn't till last year that we started thinking about it. And then the last solid six months that we really started delving into just taking phone calls for pool buildings and saying, yeah, we'll get you a quote. But we still didn't advertise for them. That was just generic trickling in by somebody filling out a lead form for a shed and saying, Man, this isn't big enough, when you gave them a call. And they were like, I want to, I want a 60 by 100 building, I'm like, that's not a shed, my friend. That's That's something else. And we reached I mean, you're you're losing clients at that point. And frankly, I had a couple of people call me that were like, we're so sold on your company, we want you to build it. And I'm like, we don't build this thing. Like we don't offer this. And they just said, well, we want you to build it. And that's actually kind of what tipped us into the market. Because we had a guy like that was like i i want you guys to build this building for us.

Unknown Speaker  38:30
Understand, well, this has been very, very, very helpful.

Speaker 2  38:34
Good. I didn't really have anything else to say in regards to the pole buildings. I loved them. And as a salesperson, I loved having the option to sell to a different market of person. It just expanded it and also it was a high ticket item. So you know if you can streamline your process on it, there's just as much there's, with a pool building, especially the work that's involved on the sales side is very similar to a shed and all of a sudden you're selling a 3030 to $80,000 or $100,000 building through your processes that you know you might have spent almost the same amount of time that is if your processors are figured out. If they're not figured out then you're going to spend way more time understand Yep. But no, I love that. The the last company that we were at we did, we did specialize in garages, like onsite garages as well. And we did sell some custom buildings as well. Like fully custom and I'm talking like flat top roof all cup custom options. Now this is one for one specific client Um, and that was actually a contact that I had. He's He's local here, a business owner here, but he does a lot of entrepreneurial stuff and thinks way outside the box. But anyway, all that being said, he developed us what he calls a bike shed, that's actually livable. And it took me about two and a half years to develop, I used to sell buildings to him with the first company I was at. And then I lost him and I went to the next company, you know, and I, I spent two and a half years getting him on board with our company. And his first order to us was an $80,000 project. And these things are now on repeat. So every single shed is between 80 to $90,000. And it's a 14 by 36. ship. So, they're, they're really involved and complicated. But, you know, just saying that it can be done on The Shed side, too. But we did, we did offer customization probably on a level that a lot of shed companies don't. So it my bread and butter in the sales was still just the rat average run of the mill, like, and that's honestly what I enjoyed just because, you know, in five minutes time, 10 minutes time, I can actually run through this process and sell it. These other ones are complicated and take me three weeks to build out a quote and track down materials and all of this stuff. So yeah.

Unknown Speaker  41:41
Very good. Well, I think I'm clear on that one. Do

Speaker 4  41:48
I have one interesting question that I wanted to run by and get your thoughts on? Have You Ever Have you ever tampered with, I guess? Is it the term the correct terminology with customers like reverse? Physical reverse psychology? Trying to get the customer to be get on the on the defensive? I know. Yeah. Just have you? Have you utilized that? Does it work? Is it? Is it risky?

Speaker 2  42:22
Yes, I've utilized it. And yes, it works. Do the I mean, I haven't taken it to the full extent we kind of went over this in some of the sales questions. But I, a lot of times I termed my questions in a way that I tried to get the customer to say no, instead of Yes. So coming from the customer, it's no, but it's actually the answer that I want. And so it's a yes for me. So what it does is instead of forces your customer that you're talking to, to have to say yes, they can now say no. But it still gives you the answer that you want. One of the biggest ones that I used was in the middle of a follow up. And this comes straight from Chris Voss. So I can't take credit for this. But if you can't reach them, you can send them an email and you can just say, have you given up on this project? So if they say yes, you got to know. So that means you can move on. If they say no, it's giving you full leeway to keep pursuing them, keep sending them follow ups, keep calling them. Okay. And a lot of times, I never it was a year I think it was a year in online sales before I use that. And I saw so many responses whenever I dropped that now I didn't want to use it right away. But I would use it at around five or six follow ups and they just kind of went ghosted me and went black. Nothing there. So, I would just say have you given up on this project? You know, hey, how you doing? Just checking in on it to make sure that you're you're doing all right, you got the quote? And then have you given up on the project? And the amount of times they came back and said no, I'm actually waiting on x? No, I'm actually waiting on a big cheque to come in and it's supposed to be at the end of month or no, my family member died and it's going to be you know, I need some time. Well, great, now I'm I'm able to reestablish a new connection with them and start over basically. So that side of it has worked. The other side that has really worked for me, is when customers are comparing your product with somebody else's. Especially if they're next door and they can see it and NAS just it's not so much reverse psychology. But it's more on the fact of I'm instilling a doubt about the other company into the customer's mind without saying that we're the best. And without saying that they're there, they're not good. And that just comes at pointing out details. So, you know, I don't know how much you know about me, but I worked across from the company that I worked for before. And that situation kind of ended badly. Well, the biggest problem for me moving to the new company, was the fact that I didn't know that I could stay neutral. So you know, we're right across the street now. All right, when I originally interviewed with the company I was at, they were in Colorado Springs. And these guys moved in, they were an hour straight across the street. And what ended up happening in that case is I was really concerned that I couldn't remain neutral if somebody mentioned something about the competition. So it was difficult, and it still was, but a lot of times people would come in and they'd be like, Man, I, you know, there's just something about the guys across the street I don't like or, you know, whatever it may be, and what are you supposed to say, as a salesperson in that case? Yeah, I agree with you. Yeah, here's my personal story. And that's way that you, that's oversharing, it's not going to help you. But what I did find really helpful in that case, was just to point out the things that made us different, and just say, I cannot speak for the guys across the street. But you go look at the specific items that I mentioned. And tell me what you think, and then walk into their office and talk to their salespeople. And ultimately, you are going to buy from the person that you most enjoy talking to. I lost people that way. But at the same time, if I couldn't connect with them immediately, a lot of times, it just meant they probably if I'm the heartbeat of the company, for sake of example, as a sales, it meant that a lot of times we are also not a good fit as a company. That's my specific case. I'm not saying that's the case for anybody else. But I do feel like salespeople are the heartbeat of your company, and will relay a lot of information about the company over to the client, and vice versa. And as such, sometimes they have a really good feel on who your good clients are and who they are not. And so sometimes I know we got ourselves out of a big problem, and an unhappy customer, based on the fact of me knowing the personality of the people we're dealing with and who we actually are as a company to

Unknown Speaker  47:42
real good. Yep.

Speaker 4  47:45
Talking too much this afternoon. I'm sure there's other people that probably

Speaker 2  47:50
you're talking about talking too much. I am like where's the questions at? So? No, I? So I actually have a question in return for you. Can you delve into reverse psychology what just just give me a few examples of what you were thinking as far as usage not tell you if I use them?

Unknown Speaker  48:11
So Gabe,

Speaker 4  48:12
were you on the call? I know my brother gave as you he's probably a little bit more involved in that one than I haven't and you probably know he's well, at a recent Well, we toyed around with that idea at our booth of the Shed show and we had maybe a little bit a different view on that and it was curious to get your your take on that. But Gabe, if you got any comments to share on that one.

Speaker 5  48:52
Well, reverse psychology selling I mean, I I'm a firm believer in that as business to business. It goes something like this. So if, if I'm going to if I'm if I'm wanting to sell metal roofing to a contractor, and I know that the metal roofing I have is superior to what the other guys are selling. I can do typical sales pitch or I can do reverse psychology and I'll do both of them. So the typical sales pitches Hey, man, I got you know, this metal roof in here and and you know we do a couple things differently. You know, we we use like a kind of 500 paint system and yen you know that actually

Unknown Speaker  49:46
what's that 500

Speaker 5  49:46
Kind of 500 is is it's what the New York the Empire State Buildings wearing it's what they developed back in the 70s it's the best thing out there as far as chalk and FE chalk and theatre the two villains It's, it's, it's superior to what you're using now. Okay? If I'm the contractor, I'm already doing exactly what you did. I'm skeptical. I'm trying to shoot holes into this. Okay, now let's do reverse psychology. Hey, man, we've got these these metal roofing panels. You know, I'm not a salesperson.

Unknown Speaker  50:25
Okay, give it your best shot.

Speaker 5  50:27
I tend to kind of talk about the bad things. I mean, I'm a builder. And I'm just gonna be real honest with you. I mean, this stuff is, is gonna, you know, it's gonna chalk and fade. And he's saying, What, am I gonna beat him? If he got nothing? Well, kind of, I wonder, well, that's the best on the market. Well, yeah, but you know, what, it's, everything is still gonna chalk and fade. Yeah, true is is going to give you the best protection, but it's still going to talk and fade. Okay. The other thing is, that wasn't a very good example. But the difference is, if I stand there and brag about everything that's good at it about it, I, the contractor, am going to find stuff wrong with it, I'm going to prove them wrong. It's a natural human tendency. If somebody says something, we try to prove them wrong. But on the other hand, if I stand there and say, Well, if the salesperson says, you're going to have this challenge, and this challenge is this child challenge and this challenge, well, I already know about all those challenges, everybody has those challenges. So I'm going to dig into that. And I am going to discover that his product actually is going to give me less challenges than what I have now. And I'm gonna triumphantly prove him wrong.

Speaker 6  51:53
That he has a superior product. Yeah, yep. Okay, now.

Speaker 5  52:03
Keep going. I can give more examples. Now that you want me to, but I don't

Speaker 2  52:07
know that explained it to me. So yes, I have used that. Not so much to the extent of giving them all the issues. I would push back on that particular side of it. And I know use that, for example. So neither here nor there. The biggest thing that I recognized in that is that you on the second one you sold with empathy. And the first one you didn't. So in

Speaker 5  52:41
an extreme example, I mean, well, more realistic example. Go ahead.

Speaker 2  52:46
No, but here's the here's the thing that you did, you put yourself in this in the shoes of the builder, or your manufacturer in this particular case. So you're selling from his perspective. You can at that point, twist it and say we are the best. And you can kind of jokingly say this, like, this is where I run into a lot with price objections. You know, if you're running into a price objection, you can you can point out some of the things that you do differently, good and bad. And then you can just say, Well, you know, here, here's the option, do you want to pay for the best? Or do you want to settle for something that's a little bit less. But the biggest thing with reverse psychology that I found and kind of your, your example is the fact that it actually changes what you do as a salesperson. And your end result is the exact same, but your approach is completely different. And what it does is it's an empathetic approach versus a approach of I'm not sure what the word to use for it, but it's, it's very almost abrasive and authoritative, which is the typical sales versus an empathetic approach, which is, you know, what, here's the pain points inside the industry. And here's how our product is going to help that. Or here's what you can expect, here's a realistic expectation, but here's also what you can expect and then followed by the value. That's the biggest difference that I noticed in that and I know it's a reverse psychology, but at the same time, that's how I connect with it as a customer buying your product.

Speaker 5  54:26
Maybe in the in? Yeah, I understand. I agree. It's, I think maybe an example we could use with sheds is getting the shed in the backyard. We can say, Oh, we've got ways of putting sheds into the backyard, you know, we're gonna have to go through the grass, but we've got ways of doing that. That it's, it's virtually not going to make any problems with ruts or with tearing up your yard or we can we've got this thing called a meal are over, we can say, one thing that we're going to have to face reality, I'm gonna have to get the shed in to your yard. And yards are not made it concrete. And there's the potential of, you know, maybe making a few ruts. And that just kind of stinks. I mean, I wish we could have, you know, drone delivery, but these things are pretty heavy. Now, now, one thing we do is, is we've got this machine, you know, called a mule. It's got like tracks on it, you know, to minimize, and then the customer saying, Oh, well, the other guy doesn't do that. Well, how was he going to do it? Well, he was probably just going to bring the truck and the trailer right into your yard. As a customer, I like that better than the sleazy salesman that says we're not going to tear up your yard, it's all gonna be nice and lush, right after we're done.

Speaker 2  56:08
Yes, so I probably wouldn't class, that particular thing. I mean, I have a little different viewpoint on what reverse psychology selling is. That's not particularly what I would class as it i, what you're explaining to me, I used all the time, because I would rather set an expectation for you, and we actually over deliver. So I want to set you a realistic expectation. And then we over deliver as a company, which gets us a raving fan, if you go the opposite way. You're not going to have as many raving fans. So yes, like in regards to what you just said about the delivery, I tried to be as upfront with people about that as possible. And, you know, if there was something that was maybe a drawback to our company, I would say it in a nice way. I mean, if I knew it was probably going to be something they run into. You know, we had an issue with a delivery driver, let's put it that way. And he was great at his job. And his people liked him when he got out there. But the scheduling was a real fiasco. And so, you know, is one of those deals where I really talked about the customer. And I just told him, you know, like, hey, you know what, this is what we have it as far as scheduling goes, and I was pretty upfront with him. And then I was also very upfront with the fact that, hey, when our delivery driver goes out there he goes way above and beyond and instilling a trust in that particular person. Or if there is an issue, like you're talking about, hey, you know what, there are going to be ruts. Are you willing to take the risk of this. Or you know, what, tell you what, when you get out there and the driver gets out there, you tell him you don't want any ruts, and he's gonna do his best to make it happen. And he has other equipment along to make that happen. And I'll explain that to him. But setting a realistic expectation was something that I always tried to do. And I never wanted to oversell the product or oversell the company. Because ultimately, I as a salesperson had to deal with all the calls coming back when it did wasn't delivered that way. I would rather undersell pick pick the good things that we do well under sell, shall we say? And then over deliver every single time

Unknown Speaker  58:34
Have you ever tried that? methodology on price objections?

Unknown Speaker  58:40
Yes.

Speaker 2  58:43
Yes, price objections, use that methodology. You know, sometimes when a customer goes dark, I used it then, you know, in my email that I said, but there's also other things that I would use it on. Sometimes when you're in the middle of negotiations, especially if as a salesperson if you're given leeway to give discounts or change prices, which I had which was helpful sometimes and sometimes not. You know, I used it in those points as well.

Unknown Speaker  59:22
But give us a one minute example of that.

Speaker 2  59:25
On a price objection. Yeah. Okay, so you know what? You know, Eric, I love your shed. I love everything about it, but it is way too expensive. You are you are $1,500 More expensive than tuff shed. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, we Yeah, yeah, we are. And here's, I just have a couple of questions for you. What is your building at Tuff shed come with Okay, welcome. was with this, this and this. Okay. You know, what type of roofing do you have on it? Okay, sounds good. You got a you got a 30 year metal roofing on it? Oh, no, wait, hold up. Can you send me a picture of your quote? It looks like you have three tab shingles on here. RS or architectural shingles. Little difference there. And I'll point out that a little bit later, but okay. So we are $900 more expensive. You know, I might go over the details of what makes us different, or makes the other customer, like have this question mark. And just it's asking a question for him. Hey, you know, question does the Tuff shed do delivery? Hey, what type of what's the spacing on tough sheds? Flooring? Hey, how often are the nails? For the sighting attached to the the skirt around the bottom?

Unknown Speaker  1:01:02
Let's see.

Speaker 2  1:01:05
Uh, you know, that's just a list of of information. Okay, well, you know, have you looked at tough sheds reviews? Okay, well, here's something, you know, you can see that they're at a 3.9 review. And here's something that I can't speak on. But I will tell you about, I can't speak bad about tough shut. But here's what I'm gonna tell you about my company, our company stands behind her project 100%, if there's anything wrong with it, we'll come back out and fix it. I don't know if tuff shed does that or not. But we do. And I know the owners here personally, they work in the back, they work in the office, I've you know, I have personal relationships with them. These guys will go above and beyond to bend over backwards to help you on your product. I cannot sell you on customer service ever. So I can't charge you extra for that you as a customer know that that comes with the building. But I'll tell you this, our customer service is top notch.

Speaker 2  1:02:11
So you know if price is a big factor to you, and then that's the only thing that's important to you, it sounds like tuff shed is going to be a good option for you. You know, if customer service and longevity of your building is a good option, you know, you're talking to me. And obviously you like talking to me because you called me back and you didn't just buy from them. So, you know, I'm here whenever you're ready, if you want to make the decision to move ahead, let's do that. And then, you know, obviously, if I have a discount that I can offer, I might throw that in there just based on the feeling and the reading that I'm getting from the client. Or I might say I might throw a window in or two anchors or six anchors or whatever to make the deal. And see if that tips them over the edge. That's how I would kind of go down that route on objection. Objection.

Speaker 1  1:02:58
You brought up something interesting there, Eric about discounts. And we've been starting some testing on different discounts that help close deals in the pipelines. So if a lead comes in in the beginning of November, there's a deal throughout all of November. And the goal is to get the closure rate. Do you find that there are certain types of discounts in the shed market that really motivate buyers versus you know, just kind of spitting at the wind?

Unknown Speaker  1:03:24
Well, let me start off by this, I don't like giving discounts. Especially if you are the best.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:33
Interesting thought.

Speaker 2  1:03:35
Okay, so if you're the best company out there, I don't like giving discounts. However, as a salesperson is nice to have it in the back pocket. How you guys do this is up to you. But here's how we scheduled it on my company. Okay. Not my company, the company that I worked for. And, and not everybody had access to this, this just came over three and a half years of building trust between me and the owners and back and forth. So they said, Eric, you know, you have the option to give a 5% discount to close a deal. At any point, however, and two and a half of that percentage since you're on a percentage basis is going to come out of your pay which I don't like as a salesperson, okay. However, if I really wanted to make a sale, and it was a slow period, it was really nice to have in my back pocket. They also said hey, you know what, if if there's a bigger ticket item, maybe it has a ton of options. And in the shed industry, most of your money is made on options. Yeah. You know, you can ask for a bigger discount if you want to. Okay, but what this also did for me is because it's now coming out of my pay If I knew that the company was willing to do two and a half percent at any time, I could give a 5% discount? Yeah, because two and a half coming out of me, it's five and a half percent fate customer facing two and a half percent of the company two and a half percent autonomy.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:18
So

Speaker 2  1:05:20
I started experimenting. I said, Well, I can give you a $500 discount on a $10,000 shed. Okay, because price is a big deal, or how about I just throw in the Windows for free? Which is each windows, you know, 80 to $120? Right? Well, ultimately, I knew the cost of those particular things. There's just for me, because I knew everything on the on the back end as far as costing, and I knew a certain type of window that most DJed companies offer, you know, there's, it's not that much money. And so it was a massive value to the customer. At you know, it was maybe 567 $100 to the customer. Right? So I never tried to go over the 5% fee. And most of the time, it actually ended up being less than but the value was higher than the $500. Like, it's hard to explain that one.

Speaker 1  1:06:21
I know what you mean, you get a discount to a product instead of a product overall, essentially.

Speaker 2  1:06:25
Yes, exactly. And, and all of a sudden, they got that, here's what it did for them. They got to add more options, and get all the options on the building that they wanted for a cheaper price, instead of just saying, What's a $500? Discount? Yep. So that psychological side I started experimenting with, and at the end when I did give a discount. And I tried not to give any discounts whatsoever, but occasionally, you know, slow periods, and I wanted to make a sale? I would say 98% of all discounts I did. Were on the option itself, not $1 amount. Interesting. So that depends on how the company wants to set up if they're willing to do that. You know, that was just a deal that that we worked out with my customer was with my company that I was working for, and it worked out well for me. I wouldn't recommend I mean, if you're a sales manager, I probably wouldn't recommend just a new salesperson just saying Oh, here you go. Here's the keys of the kingdom and we're gonna give you like the access to give a discount anytime. Probably not what I would recommend from the sales manager point of view. But at the same time, as you grow with trust, and you have a proven track record of being able to close sales and and get good customers where there's not issues, then I would definitely release that to the salespeople or something said.

Matthias Miller  1:07:56
So, question follow up question with that, what tool did you use to introduce urgency into your sales conversations? to

Speaker 2  1:08:07
I don't know that I had a tool, but I did in introducing urgency in the conversations as I set dates, or I set a value on something. And setting dates was probably the most important side of it for me. You know, so we discussed setting deadlines and timeframes. But setting dates based on the timeline, I hear from the customer put all the urgency right back in and it was not urgency that I decided, I mean, it was but you know, ultimately, it came down to the customer. And what I told them was, you know, you want this building in four weeks. You know, we have a three our lead times three weeks right now. So we try to allow for a couple of days of delivery scheduling, which means that you have a week to make up your mind. Your might be a day depending on the option. Now if you're talking a big ticket item, sometimes like an office I would structure the conversation of like more like hey, when would you like to be using this building for your office? Like created an emotion of like walking in and being out of the house on the screaming kids and being like, Oh, I got some silence and I'm working in my office now. Because all of a sudden the emotion is attached to it on the client which creates a sense of urgency as well. Right. That's a great question a way to phrase it is that where you're meeting Matt? Okay and then,

Matthias Miller  1:09:57
did you guys have as part of your marketing Do you have promotion promotions Do you ran as part of your marketing? Or did you just continue to cycle cycling messages and see what was appealing to people?

Speaker 2  1:10:08
Promotions wise, like, maybe maybe we knew that there was a slow time of the year. So the week before Christmas, or two weeks before Christmas, and then January is generally really slow in the shed industry, we might run a discount or promotion, 5% or ramp or whatever, you know. And we did have other things that we the company established to give during a certain time period. So maybe, maybe December in January was a discount off the shed. And then maybe June, or maybe, February through May, was, I think it went by monthly, though. So February, to march, let's say for sake of example, was a free ramp with the order or, you know, maybe you get two extra Windows for free in the next month. And often we uncertain when you're running a promotion on options, what we found a lot of times that it wasn't really worthwhile unless it was a money promotion, like a money off. Because what happened is customer be like, Oh, you're given that off? How about you just take that off the cost of my shed, because I don't actually want the next two windows, right? So it was, if you're running a promotion as a company as an ad, having like a discount, that's the best way to do that. It's just probably a money side of it. You can experiment with it. But that's the what we had success with. And then I found it reversed. When I was doing the sales, if I had the option to give a discount was better to give a discount on the options. Because I had a really good feel for what the customer already wanted. Before we started talking about the final nitty gritty, like I can't afford that extra 500 bucks. So that's kind of where that different feel comes in. Promotions otherwise, or is that what you were meaning by promotions? Are you meaning like ad campaigns?

Matthias Miller  1:12:11
I mean, I meant that I mean, you know, time time basically might it might tie into your ad campaigns. But

Speaker 2  1:12:16
yeah, that's yeah, that's where my ad campaigns was just, you know, just the wording and the structure of it kind of how that worked, where you're running them side by side, not so much promotions, as far as dollar amounts or discounts or anything like that. Now, you can do it that way. I would, if you do it, I don't know if I don't have a lot of good data on it or a success. But I would recommend running a promotion for a specific area based on the clientele in that area. So if it's urban, you know, nobody cares about an animal shelter so much, you know, rural, they care more. So maybe there's features that you can offer for that particular building and run a promotion on it to grab people's attention. Urban is going to be more focused to offices and storage and things like that.

Matthias Miller  1:13:20
If there are not, I'm happy to entertain other other questions. Some other questions I thought could be good to go over was? Are there additional objections that you commonly encountered? And how did you counter them? That's question number one. Question two, and maybe Merson? Victoria, you've got specifics with that. I know we talked about some of those. Number two is, I know you mentioned selling to specific use cases. And are there examples, you know, specific examples of if they wanted this? I would, I would point them in this direction. And and again, Marissa and Victoria, kind of leaning on you guys and whether you think this would be be helpful for you guys.

Speaker 2  1:14:02
Yeah, do you guys want to delve into that at all? Do you have any questions on it? Do you face other objections besides pricing or what some of your most common ones?

Speaker 1  1:14:13
Up pricing with too high of a monthly payment is the primary objection all around? Easy. I actually very rarely hear objections about competitive competitors in the marketplace, like they never name them, or they never kind of throw it out there like well, this person can do that. It's like it's pretty much just a flat budget issue. Issue. For for most folks pulling the trigger on that. Those that have the money to buy it. They'll buy it. They just say well,

Speaker 3  1:14:43
I don't know if I will call this an objection. But people wanting to wait until the spring time to purchase so let's kind of just like

Speaker 2  1:14:52
yeah, the reason that I laugh is because I'm doing SAS sales right now and you have no idea the amount of times people were like that's their excuse. Sure, yeah, those are both really difficult. I viewed the first one, as far as too high of a monthly payment. As a very a, it told me a lot about my customer. Sure. You know, it's not like judgmental, it was just kind of like, hey, this tells me about the type of customer that I'm dealing with. And it just tells me that, you know, they're strapped for cash, a, they're already considering RTO. So they can't make a commitment to the cash price. They're strapped for cash. So they can make a commitment to $250 a month, okay. So they can still buy the building that way. If you're offering rent to own, and you know, there's not much you can do if you're on the lowest payment, and it's just still too high of a payment. Besides push them into a different type of building that may be a little bit less expensive. It forces you as a salesperson to get really creative on on what you can and can't do. Building wise to get them as close to as possible is what they want, but still at their budget. And sometimes it just can't be done. And at that point, I still bring up the objection of you know, hey, do you want the best? Are you willing to settle for less? And can you afford the best? And sometimes, you know, in asking, and how important price is to you, in that phone conversation that told me what I needed to know. And you know, price is important all the time. And I know that, but at the same time, it gave me a really good feel for the actual customer where they're at. And allow me to know, you know, what questions I actually need to pull out on the financing side. So a, you know, you know, money is a big deal for me right now. And okay, so are you thinking that you might purchase this outright? Or is it? Is it cash? Or is it going to be rent to own Okay? Well, if it's rent to own, do you have an idea as far as payment in your mind that you want to do? Okay, well, here's what I can get you for around that payment. But if you can go up to $350 a month, your options all of a sudden expand to all these different things. So now that's a really big positive for them, just to get their brain thinking, because then in that case, you're coming across as empathetic to their situation. And then you're giving them a solution to say, Well, can you free up 50 bucks in your budget somewhere else to put into this building to get what you really want? So it's giving them an option. But it is really hard if that monthly payment is still too high. That's a hard one to come back from it because they're already on rent to own. The only way that I figured out that works is hey, do you have some more money to put upfront that would drop your monthly payment? The only way that you can get around that or are they have to step down to a cheaper model?

Unknown Speaker  1:17:56
Right? That makes sense that the other thing is

Speaker 2  1:18:00
it's not direct, but that is a pricing comparison. And it's a pricing objection. Because even though it's a rent to own, it's still a pricing objection, because somewhere they're getting a quote. And I actually went to the extent of if they brought that up, I would ask them, Did you get a quote from somewhere else? And if they did, okay, who's it from? If you know that particular manufacturer, you know the quality of buildings. If you don't know them, you can just say, I don't know that much. But just to start asking them the questions like what sets you apart? Just say, hey, well, does your does the building come with a warranty? Does it come with free delivery? Does it come with shingles on the roof or metal on the roof does have this is that warrantied and just ask them questions like that because all of a sudden they're questioning Yeah, it's cheaper. But you know, maybe these guys have a better product and maybe it is worth an extra 50 bucks that I need to sacrifice somewhere else. Right? Sure. So that's probably how it responded that Victoria What was yours again?

Unknown Speaker  1:19:08
Pushing out purchase to the springtime I don't want to until the spring

Unknown Speaker  1:19:16
Yes. You need to have a discussion with your company if this is okay. Okay.

Speaker 2  1:19:28
Okay, get myself in trouble. But can you ask your company? Yeah, if we have them on the phone call so you know, this is their baby too. Are you willing to hold a shed on your lot until spring? And you can either do it that way. Or you can say hey, look, I understand you wanting to wait until spring is there a specific reason that you want to wait till spring?

Unknown Speaker  1:19:59
Get the specific Quick

Speaker 2  1:20:00
reason, and then just say, Well, here's the drawbacks to waiting till spring, that's our busy time. There's no guarantees, we're going to get it in time. So I'll tell you what, if you have the money, right now, we're willing to take this and hold it and not either a you can not, we'll deliver it when you want it in the spring, as long as it doesn't go past a certain time period. You know, so you can either build it now and set it on the lot. But sometimes your customer doesn't like that, because they want a brand new building coming out to them. So sometimes it's a deposit with a with a delay in the completion and just saying, You know what, I'm gonna get you the deposit. We'll get you on the schedule. It's already in the schedule, and it's processed. But we just know, we're not going to deliver this until until March, not to

Speaker 3  1:20:43
interrupt you. But we have gone over that like being able to lock in your price and set out a delivery date. Sometimes that doesn't work. So I guess, I guess it'd be like, is there anything other than that,

Speaker 2  1:20:54
other than that is just trying to get them to see the urgency and getting it right now. And through 2020, and 2021, it was kind of easy to do, still is to some extent, because you can tell them, hey, look, I understand that. But there's no guarantee as far as prices go. And there's no guarantee that you're going to have the money when you need this stuff happens in life. And I don't want that to I don't wish that on you at all. I'm just saying that this is a fact of life, and it happens. So if you have the money now and it's necessary for you to get it, I'm going to recommend that you get it now. And if they still come back as a no, then well guess what you could follow up with them in the spring, it's not lost. It's just it's a delay, that's frustrating. But those are some of the things that I did. But if you're going through a big pricing change, that's the biggest thing because it affects people's wallets. And they're like, I don't want to spend any more money, I can buy it now. But that's kind of went away a little bit with COVID receding a little. So you know, there is that side of it. But the other side of it is, you know, shed companies generally do. And I don't know if this is the case for everybody. But across the board, it seems to do that they do pricing changes in the spring and fall, if it's not constantly changing. So if that's the case for truepoint, that's also a sales point that you can bring up to your clients and just say, hey, look, I don't know if we can expect this, but I'm just gonna throw this out there for you. Typically, we do a pricing change if we need to restructure it, and it's done in March, or it's done in August. Okay. It, we may change in the middle of there, too. There's no guarantee, we hold our quotes, we hold our word, you know, you have to create value on that side, but at the same time know that these prices may change. And if you're ready in the spring, you're no guarantee that this school is going to be good for you. And it may be $1,000 more.

Speaker 1  1:22:54
I have a question on the post sale process. So one of the things Matthias has been working on is developing the ability for the guests to leave a Google review. And to really ramp up that side of the internet world. Tori and I on this team, you know, we're we're not pure sales commission people, we're on a client success mission. So post sale, client relationships, referrals, things that we can do to make sure that they are just, they are our biggest raving fans at true point. That's our goal. So do you have any thoughts about, you know, ways to stay in contact with guests post sale that is not sales oriented, but it's more just, you know, a continuing cultivation of that relationship so that they're telling their neighbors about us? And you know, they're telling their family members when they get their new shed how happy they are with

Speaker 2  1:23:43
it? Yeah, that's a good question. Yes, there's a way to do that. And there's a couple different ways. So you know, Matthias is working on something for Google reviews, as a personal level as a salesperson, you sold the building? I don't know if you get notifications of when that buildings getting delivered? Yes, we do. But if you do, you can give the customer a call. The day that's delivered, when the delivery drivers out there, whatever it is, and just say, Hey, I see that your sheds gotten delivered. Would you be How did it go? Did you like it? I mean, because they're, that's the peak of their excitement is when it gets delivered. Ask them for a review, and not the company for yourself. Say hey, can you pop on the website and give me a review?

Unknown Speaker  1:24:34
You can text and

Unknown Speaker  1:24:35
at that point, right? Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:24:38
I don't know how Matthias has it set up people can put their name to it.

Speaker 1  1:24:42
Oh, no. I mean, like by them reviewing me. They're also reviewing SharePoint. That's what I meant by success.

Speaker 2  1:24:47
Exactly. But it's also one of those things that if you do a great job and somebody is looking at a review, they're going to call in and say, Hey, can I talk to Marissa, can I talk to Victoria, I want people I want to talk too. So it really helps you out on that side as well. The other thing, if you have a CRM after it's delivered, I would just, you know, you can send them a thank you if you want to. Typically, I would suggest that the company does this. But you know, if you're on a customer success team role more, you know, you do sales, but customer success and roll might fall on you as well. So you can send out a thank you. And, you know, maybe the first year out, you could be, Hey, Merry Christmas, you know, something down that line, that's probably what I would recommend. And you can make it personal, you can just shoot him a text and say, Hey, thanks for buying for me this year, and really wish you the best. And, yeah, leave it at that. It's probably what I would recommend.

Speaker 2  1:25:51
Yeah, as your pipeline grows, and your sales grow, if you have three to 400 clients out there, all of a sudden, this starts looking like a really big deal. And you're like, I have to spend an entire day to send out this information and make it personal like, so you know, it does grow over time. And that's why I recommend putting a time limit on it. And then as a company that can actually transfer back to the company reaching back out and just say, Hey, I hope you love our product. If there's anything we can help you with in the future, let us know. You know, things like that. But that that first, if you're asking for a review, there's nothing that sets the sets the nail and shall we say on their purchase is having the salesperson call back and just say, Man, I'm so happy you bought from us. And for me and I How do you like to share? I hope you love it. And if there's any issues, call me

Unknown Speaker  1:26:44
things like that. Okay, back. That's good if

Speaker 2  1:27:03
you have any other questions in regards to customer success or anything like that I frankly, I don't know that I have a ton of experience on customer success. I was a straight commissioned salesperson. And so, you know, my job was basically quote, sell, repeat, quote, sell, repeat. And if I wanted to add an additional personal item, that's up to me. I wasn't really so much in customer success, although I did take all the customer complaints most of the time, and have to relay those over to other people. So yep.

Speaker 1  1:27:40
No, not right now, that will definitely kind of pick some notes. And keep you posted. We're kind of in the first phase, I would say of rollouts, where we have enough sales in the pipeline to establish building deliveries. And now we're kind of testing the feedback of post delivery experience. And what does that entail? So I think, probably when we speak, if we speak again, and this year later in this year, there will be more feedback along those lines.

Speaker 2  1:28:04
Yeah, well, here's just something to keep in mind. From my experience in, in sales, and especially online sales, actually, any sales period. The biggest issue is a miscommunication. Whenever the there's a loss of communication is one word, but I think it's actually something else. There's there's a loss of ownership. That happens when it goes from sales to production, and again, from production to delivery. And so a lot of times, it feels like a complete disconnect, by the time it gets to the customer. Now, this is my viewpoint from the sales. Okay. So just know that in, especially in the industry, where we're building sheds and delivering them out, sometimes those pain points are the most important parts. It's not even the delivery, it's just hey, I wanted to give you a heads up and let you know your buildings in production. or something, you know, it just it means you care, and you didn't lose the whole lack. But a lot of times it does feel like that. And then if there's an issue between the shop, maybe we as salespeople put something in incorrectly, or you know, an item is late coming into the shop, you know, it's backordered. Well, sometimes that doesn't often get communicated very well. And then we get the customer calls, and the customer is ticked off and it's late. And for some reason, somewhere, communication went haywire, and they didn't get communicated with, okay, where are the guys that are receiving that call? So that's sometimes a hard spot to be in, and just know that it happens and know that those are probably pain points that happen across the shared industry, anywhere that you know, anywhere that you make a sale, and then it goes to production, and then delivery again. So gotcha, gotcha. Yeah, and it takes time you build a pipeline to experiment with different stuff as well. So sometimes it's just, you know, boots on the ground. Let's just get it going. And then let's then let's try to, you know, fix our techniques and figure out what we do better.

Speaker 3  1:30:11
So, great. Lot of great information I can apply. Oh, go ahead, Michael. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:26
No, that's okay. Calvin, are you on the call? Matt, you're muted Calvin.

Matthias Miller  1:30:36
Oh, there you are, Djokovic.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:39
Yes, Michael, I'm on the go.

Speaker 4  1:30:41
A I haven't heard you talk too much today. Didn't know if he had any. Make sure you get an opportunity to ask questions if you have any.

Speaker 7  1:30:55
No, I don't think I really have questions. i It's probably information overload for me.

Speaker 2  1:31:04
Well, I don't know if that's good or bad in your particular case, because for me information overload means I never processed it. And I just throw it so that that can be good. It can't be bad, I guess.

Speaker 7  1:31:19
I mean, I thought it was really interesting. I mean, I would admit that sales is not my thing. But it was still interesting to listen to experience people in the field. And yeah, there's there's some information that I got stored away. So I didn't totally block it all out.

Unknown Speaker  1:31:44
What is your position at the company? Calvin?

Speaker 7  1:31:49
I'm the owner of the company in Indiana.

Speaker 2  1:31:52
Okay. Let me ask you something. Here. What's the biggest pain point that you have with salespeople?

Unknown Speaker  1:32:05
biggest pain point?

Speaker 2  1:32:07
Yeah. What's your biggest frustration with salespeople? Not your salespeople, just salespeople. And it probably is your salespeople too. But oh, I don't know. If you don't have any? That's great. We'd like to hear that.

Speaker 7  1:32:27
I mean, I haven't anything specific in mind. So

Speaker 2  1:32:34
no, I just I sometimes ask the question. Just because I like to hear feedback. I have a sales perspective. And I look at a company through the lens of sales. And sometimes, I mean, I had some, I had some job descriptions when I was doing sales that was actually more extensive than that to where it was more of a manager part. But I also knew a lot about production and delivery, the whole backside, you know, production. And I, I'm biased to the salespersons view, okay, because that's what I am. But at the same time, I recognize some of the frustrations that come across from the, from the back and as the owner about their salespeople and sales team. And I'm always interested in hearing about it to know how that I can either address that personally in my own career, or that I can address it whenever I talk about things like this. So that's why I asked the question

Speaker 7  1:33:44
but I think Wayne's on here as well. I don't know. Does he have any question that he would like to ask?

Matthias Miller  1:33:52
See your I haven't seen your me. Oh, you're on? I haven't seen you. Welcome, welcome. You've been lurking in the background.

Speaker 8  1:34:02
Oh, yeah. Just listening in you know. So Eric, what is the biggest pain is if somebody keeps on bugging me, those salespeople can go flat. Kate.

Unknown Speaker  1:34:19
What are they bugging you about?

Speaker 8  1:34:22
Well, you know, if I say no, or I'm not interested, and they send out some mails, I'm like, seriously? Just get out of here.

Unknown Speaker  1:34:35
Is that happening for me?

Unknown Speaker  1:34:38
No, it's not happening.

Speaker 2  1:34:41
Well, some of you guys are in my software pipeline, so I don't know who it is. But that's why I asked

Speaker 4  1:34:52
I got one yesterday. I think it was Yep. Yep, he did. But you're not but you're not you're not bugging me.

Speaker 2  1:35:00
You know, I saw your name or there there's been a couple of different people who'd I run into at the shed Expo. He's he's from Jersey from Puerto Rico. He said he knows you guys I want to say his name is Ron are Robert

Matthias Miller  1:35:22
was Rinaldo though maybe from

Unknown Speaker  1:35:25
okay. Yeah Brazil.

Speaker 2  1:35:27
Yeah Brazil Thank you very much. Yeah. Anyway, I remember him and yeah, he talked to me just briefly and it was it was telling me all the all the backstory about you guys. So yeah, no, I get that pain point. Wayne, I really do I, you know, as far as bugging you, I think this happens for one of the biggest things for salespeople is if you receive a no, take it, take it as value. If they're interested, they're going to reach back out a lot of times. And we have to be okay with that. No, sometimes and there is a time where it's a soft, no, and you can push it. So Wayne, maybe you need to get specific. If you haven't, I'd never I'm just joking about that. But

Speaker 8  1:36:20
it makes sense. That's just my perspective. And some sales myself and I mean, I definitely did it. Somebody said no, you know, I've come from a different direction. But no, that's just me. Not everybody's like that.

Speaker 2  1:36:39
That's, that's fair. I, I'm a salesman, I really like

Speaker 8  1:36:45
to respect their comments. That's definitely I think that's definitely a plus in in selling.

Speaker 1  1:36:52
You said something about tone, which I thought was interesting, Eric, and one of the things I absolutely hate about sales is that smooth talk. And it's really interesting to adopt something outside have smoothed back and being more Curt, and straightforward and blunt, and like, do you want this you're not this dude. Like, it is a breaking out of the mold of what maybe was traditionally like the salesman or saleswoman type of conversation. And man, it's almost like it's, you have to shut it off. And then just let it take a whole different pathway in communication with people.

Speaker 2  1:37:32
Yeah, that brings up a really good point. So I, I struggled with that. And then I started getting more and more people contacting me that were just super blunt. And it actually, it made me mad. I'm like, this is I'm not this type of person. Okay. Well, all of a sudden, I mean, I experimented with it. And I was like, Well, let me just respond back the same way. Yeah. And all of a sudden, it connected. And it was like, okay, yep. As salespeople, you're fighting the preconceived notion, or the What's the word for it, but you know, the profile of your smooth talker? Yep. Immediately, I don't like to refer to myself as a salesperson, I'm just, I'm here to help you. I'm an associate, you know. But allowing, giving the customer really good feedback. And if they tell, you know, accepting the know, and just saying, I get that, here's just something to think about. But I'll respect you know, it builds so much trust for that client, because all of a sudden, they're like, Hey, he gave me space. And he didn't come back with this really, whatever, like pushy sales, which tells me, you know, what, in the future, I want to do business with that person. He gave it to me straight, she gave it to me straight. And they gave me the information that was necessary. It was really helpful. They educated me, they gave me a solid price on my timeframe. And they didn't try to, you know, ignore me and push away my objection, they understood my objection, right. And now all of a sudden, this is the person that is in the top of my mind when I want to give a call back when I actually need the building because he didn't try to push what I what I was trying to get across.

Speaker 1  1:39:26
Well, let me ask you another question on getting people to call you back. Just really quickly on that one. When we're online, people are only going to either write our phone number down, save it in their cell phone, or they have an email to go back to their to me sometimes, you know, I'm that lady that keeps all the business cards everywhere I go, a little farmers market, I need to know first and I've got like a pile of them on my refrigerator. But do I ever call them maybe I mean, but it's like six months later. So I'm wondering on from an online perspective, surely online perspective, what is the best calling card or to leave someone so that it doesn't get lost, and that they do call even six months when their email boxes, you know, million more advertisements that have come through? What do you have you had anybody say like, I saved your number here, or there's no more business cards like,

Unknown Speaker  1:40:18
Okay, I struggled. Yeah, I have business cards too, I hate them. I look at those differently. And I just tossed them, or I give them to some kid that collects them. So

Speaker 2  1:40:36
here's what I did. Every email that I sent out, had my email and phone number attached to it at the bottom as a signature. However, I very, I would say 90% of the time, at the end of my email, I just say, Here's your quote, I go over the explanation, or I do a follow up, just say, Hey, you got any questions? Here's my number. And write it down again, at the end of that sentence? Yes, in the body, yes, in the body. And then the other thing is, you know, this is where text would be really handy. If you I would.

Unknown Speaker  1:41:14
If I reached out my number type of thing,

Speaker 2  1:41:17
if I reached out to a customer, I sent my I set quotes and everything via business, via email, with everything attached. And then sometimes my follow ups, I would just say, Hey, buddy, how's it going? I didn't do well at it because I didn't like text. But I did a refinance on my house last year. And the mortgage guy that I thought should be really professional, okay, is reaching out to me on a bi weekly timeframe, whatever it is, and just saying, Hey, bro, how you doing? I'm like, what, you know. I mean, I know who he was. But I wasn't used to somebody on a what I would call a professional level. Just being like, Hey, bro, what's up? How you doing? Anything I can help you with. That's, that's as simple as it was. And we'd end up having a conversation and just being like, you know what I'm running behind on paperwork. And you know, I'm slammed at work, and I haven't been able to get you the paperwork for the refi. I work on it. But you know, don't expect this by this week, it'd be next week. Well, he built a relationship with me. And guess what? I'm having to go through a refi again. And he's the guy I'm calling, because all of a sudden, it's like, well, he treated me well, the first time, but you also reached out and sometimes in the past, you've been like, Hey, bro, Merry Christmas. And that's it. So I have his number. I saved his number. I'm interested because it was a product that he was offering and something or a service I needed in that particular case. And but I kept them more personal. I wasn't like, Hey, can I help you on this quote? Hey, follow up with me. Hey, give me a call. It was more like hey, how's it going? Just just wanted to say hi.

Speaker 1  1:43:03
That's good. It might be something I need to do more when I'm kind of like wrapping a conversation with someone who's also shoot them a text just to say no, thank you for your time. And you know, if anything else pops up, say my number kind of thing. Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:43:15
And I, I used phone call instead of text. People can use text or vice versa. But you can use that after you send them a quote and just say you'd send him the quote in the email and then just shoot them a quick text and say, hey, hey, bro, I who however you want to turn that is I just sent you the quote. Let me know if you didn't get it. And let me know if you got questions. And a lot of times they're responding back to you via phone or, or text in that case, which is a lot more personal to them than email. That's cool.

Speaker 1  1:44:05
Step away they're added chicken in the oven, and I thought I smelled it burning it.

Speaker 2  1:44:11
Always, always the fun stuff working from home. It's just like, Are you kidding?

Speaker 1  1:44:16
Oh my goodness. Well, I did it low and slow on like, you know, we all broke for lunch like oh, just put the chicken in for dinner now and then like, oh boy, it's smelling very cool.

Speaker 2  1:44:32
Yeah. What else you got? Matthias I know you and I always have these conversations and they go and Bunny trails all the time. So I know you have questions if nobody else does. Oh, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:44:43
it's just going to allow space for that. I think one of the questions that would be helpful for me as well would be I'm roughly familiar with story brand we then story brand on I don't know that we've ever done story brand. Or I've never been involved in surveying for tripoint I've been wasn't in other places. But I'm curious from your perspective, just what's an example of what, what a story sounds like for a shed company. And you know, some of the key points here being we focus on quality, we want the customer experience to be good. We're gonna make sure you're taking care of. Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:45:23
So I would say that the biggest thing is, while that's all true about your company, how does it actually apply to the customer? That's the part that's the fun part of the story that you guys have to create is, yeah, your quality your, your, your good company, you stand behind it, but But what does that actually mean for the customer and creating a storyline for that. So that could mean, you know, here at truepoint, we really care about our customer. So if something's wrong with your building, will come back out and fix it within this timeframe, or we'll give you money back, or we'll give you whatever will replace your building. Okay? That's how it affects the customer. If you're building value, and you're building a story, it's more in the fact of, hey, this is what we offer as a standard for for our business. And here's what it looks like for you. You don't have to worry about upkeep on your building, you don't have to worry about this, you don't have to worry about this, check your gut and be bold and just say go check out the competitor. And you'll see a lot of people will go by that. But yeah, creating a story is more about how to take your product that you're offering and your values as a company and how it actually applies directly to the customer experience and the customer's perspective.

Matthias Miller  1:46:44
So if I had to break it down into two pieces, take it first. Always take it from this vague, nebulous. Everybody says all these general isms, but few people are willing to offer specific guarantees, which has been one of the things I've been we've been coming grateful that we've been able to do. I think it's it's beneficial. But then and then part two is let's go reframe that from the perspective of the customer. And this can be as simple as what you shared or it could be as in depth as well. What's your life? Like? If you have that guarantee? What's your life? Like? If you don't? Yep.

Speaker 2  1:47:19
Yeah, really, really kind of dig into that a little bit. And then, you know, you we'll just use three tab shingles for sake of example, just because I'm on that kick right now. I mean, shoot three tab shingles don't last as long, they blow up a lot quicker. You know, if you're using an architectural shingle, it's one particular shingle, you know, you can go into that, and what that actually looks like, so, hey, are you are you tired of missing shingles or retiring, crawling up on your roof and replacing them, here's the quality of the material that we offer. And that that means that you never have to crawl back up on your roof and take care of any of this. All of a sudden, that clicks inside of their mind, and it's just like, okay, that makes sense. That's why I would buy this building, it's not because your quality is so great, you're telling me about your quality, you gave me a reason how it affects me that I no longer have to worry about crawling up on my roof, and fixing this, because you can drive down the road and see any amount of sheds that have damage done to them. And most of it's done through weather and wind and you know, whatever it is. So if you can, you know, spin that story on how it's going to affect your customer Great.

Matthias Miller  1:48:34
This actually ties into another question that I had that I don't know that we got into, I think you actually got into this a little bit when you were in Colorado, but you know, different people have different use cases, storing Christmas items, storing putting one mores in sheds a entertainment, place, a pool house, a tack shed, you know, whatever the you know, fill in the 101 different things you might use for it. And, and any specific things that you discovered, in your experience doing online sales that that, you know, based on determining what you wanted to do with it, that you adjusted your approach, and how did you do that?

Speaker 2  1:49:16
Yes. Good point. I forgot you asked that question. So when you ask the customer, what they're using it for, is really the deciding factor for what type of building to start selling them. If you ask timeframe, right around that same time you can you can really specify which building that you sell off of your inventory a lot as well. But if it's a custom quote, for sake of example, in this case, then I would sell differently. And it'd be like, Hey, I'm looking for a guardianship. Oh, awesome. Okay, we can help you with that. Is looks important to you or you just want a really basic one. Well, I want it to look cool in the backyard. Are. Ok. So that ultimately told me that maybe it's not my, my basic model, I need to sell them the second model. So I'm already going there. And then I start asking them details. Okay, you know, how important is it to you to have windows? Like, how many windows do you need unless you want a lot of light. You know, this particular building comes with two, two or four windows in it. I'm going to assume that because you have a garden shed, that you want a lot of light in here and you're probably going to want to Workbench as well, is that correct? Okay, yes or no? And then okay, well, let me get you, how much Workbench do you think you're going to need? Or how many windows? Okay, well, I want the whole south wall to be all windows. Okay, great. Well, I'll tell you what I can do. I can't allow for a full glass panel, there's going to be a six inch space between the windows, but I'll put as many windows in as we can properly allow for. And let me let me build you a quote on that. And then where do you want the shelf? And how long do you want it? Okay, on the other side of your building, so you said that's the south side? Which side is facing your house? Okay, well, the north side. Okay, great. Do you want any windows on that? Okay. Sounds good. You want to Windows? Okay, perfect. Tell you what you said that you like the looks of the building, you want it to look cool? Do you want to go ahead and add some flower boxes? And maybe some shutters on the outside of that? It really set it off? Okay, well, that's not important to you what tell you what I'm going to add that into the quote, so you can see what it looks like. Okay, and you can see the price. If it's still not important to you, no big deal. I'll remove them. I don't care. But I'm going to send you a picture what that looks like. So are already there dreaming about what this is going to look like I gave them what they needed and also applied what they want it. Now they have to come back with the whole thing of is it in my budget? If it's not, then we can start talking about subtracting items. In the same phase of that if they said, you know, I'm looking for storage, and I'm putting a four wheeler in the back, okay? Ultimately, the four wheeler is important. And we use this before about the waterproof floor and the type of door. Well, maybe instead of my standard shed, I'm going to sell them on a garage. Because if you're getting it something that has a roll up door in it a good chance you're going to be storing some heavy items in there. So maybe we need to think about upgrading the floor. Maybe we need to think about this. And I would just bring it up just hey, are you planning to store anything heavy in there besides the four wheeler? Okay, well, are you going to be taking it in and out in the wintertime? Or after it rains? Okay, well, great. Well, we need to worry, you know, I would suggest a waterproof floor. No, if that's important to you. You know, and I sell per usage case of the building and then I upsell them that way. You know if they want that built if they want that garage to look cool. Okay, well, we can add the certain types of doors on the outside that have windows in them. That looks a little different than your standard shed. We can add windows with shutters and flower boxes. If you like flower boxes or just shutters. We can add a cupola up on top, you want that quintessential farm look, we're gonna add a cupola up on top that helps with eventing as well. That's how I would sell those particular usage items. If they're worried about Christmas items. It's going to be you know, how many shelves can you get in here and how the shelf actually works with my boxes? And can I reach the Christmas tree that I stored up in the loft? Okay, that's all stuff that you need to address in your sales pitch based on their usage.

Matthias Miller  1:53:44
Make sense? Others? So unrelated question. It's something that we've covered some internally, but I would love to hear your answer to this as well, is for RTO sales. Sometimes people get out their calculator and they say, oh, so for an RTO building, I'm going to be paying, you know, almost double what the price of the building is. You guys are crazy. You're stealing from me? Why would I even buy? Why would I do RTO? Did you encounter that? Or the things that you did to avoid that conversation? Did you frame that frame it differently? Did you explain the situation to address it in some form or fashion?

Speaker 2  1:54:19
Big question. Yep. Yeah, so here's what happens in that case. I need to rent down but you're saying that my $6,000 building is going to be 14 grand? 12 grand actually is generally what it runs out. 13 Depending on your term.

Unknown Speaker  1:54:40
Yes, if you take it to the full term.

Speaker 2  1:54:43
Okay. When they asked about rent down, I asked them about to rent to own if they were going to do it. Then I would just say hey, you know what? Rent town is the most expensive way that you will ever purchase this building. And I would tell them right up front And then I would explain it to them. So here's how it works, you can do a monthly payment, this really works. If you can't commit to $5,000. Right now, we're at we've all been there, it's okay. I mean, it's not a big deal, you can commit to it and 50 bucks a month, I can get you this building to 50. If you do take it to the full term, you will pay. If it's $5,600, you're going to be paying $11,000 on a 36 month plan. If you go 24 month, you're only going to be paying $7,200. That's a two year plan. Okay. Now, there are no penalties for paying this off early, you can do so at any time. So guess what you can get into this building today for 250 bucks. And let's say that you get a really good tax return next year, you can dump it into this, and you can purchase it. And I don't know how this works for your rent, okay, but for mine, it was you can purchase this building at as a lump sum, and the only additional amount you would have paid would have been the payments that you've made already. So a portion of that payment goes directly toward a rent to own fee. And that's really only the additional amount that you would have been paying in that particular case. Now. If you take it to the full term, yes, of course, you're going to be paying $11,000 It's the same thing, you know, you go get a financing rate, you're going to have interest, so you're going to pay more as well. This is set up that way. It's just a set fee per month. It's not an interest rate, but it's a set fee per month that's coming out that goes directly to the rent to own company. For for owning the shed and carrying the balance is basically how that works. There was another point to that, that question you ask

Unknown Speaker  1:56:54
for anything what it was?

Speaker 2  1:56:57
Yeah, I found that being the most being as upfront as possible about how expensive rent down was going to be, was most helpful. And then people walk into it, knowing exactly what they're getting into. So it takes up doesn't really take away that objection, but they at least understand it. They have a knowledge and they walked into it. You know, knowing full well the decision they made.

Matthias Miller  1:57:22
It avoids. Go ahead. Yeah, I was

Speaker 2  1:57:24
just gonna say which in turn is going to cut down on the calls your rent down company, which they always appreciate.

Matthias Miller  1:57:32
Yeah, understood. And I think the worst possible feeling for customer would be to have a partial understanding. And then there are people who post on Facebook and community groups about how RTO is a rip off. And if that's how they learn, if that's how they find out about it, they're gonna end up feeling quite betrayed by the salesperson in

Speaker 2  1:57:51
the company. Absolutely. And I, I always tried to explain this in the fact of, hey, you know, RTO is really handy tool. It's, it's expensive, okay? But if you need a building, and you just don't have the money, this is the best way to do it. Or, you know, if you have standard financing, maybe that is the best way to do it. And you want to offer that to them, that's fine. But you know, there's couple different bends that you could go on that but just be upfront with them, let them know it's it's an expensive tool to use, but they can get what they need at a low monthly cost and they can afford that. So same thing as me I can't go out and buy a $400,000 house right now. But can I afford a 16 $1,700 payment a month? Well probably so there's that it works very much the same way

Matthias Miller  1:58:41
Did you ever do any price anchoring so you're running out of space in your I guess it's probably ends up being quite specific to what the person is looking for. You're running out of space and your current property clearly it's out of your budget to go upgrade to a larger you know, larger house larger property. So you know versus versus larger mortgage you know, larger mortgage versus doing our to to get a building on your property so that you can stay here for you know, kind of a price anchoring against an alternative.

Speaker 2  1:59:12
I didn't really run into that. Most of the time. The reason the customer was reaching out for storage sheds because they already ran that. They're like, well, I can't afford another property and can't afford to move and the timings not right. My kids are in the school and I like it. Okay. So they're already looking for an alternative which ends up being your shed. The price anchor is is more in the fact of well, when your wife keeps bum backing out the new car and it bumps over the trashcan and puts a scratch on it. Do you want that to keep happening? That's where your price anchor comes in most of the time in the shed industry from what I've discovered. So it's It's more an experience that they're that they're having to deal with an anchoring against that than like a mortgage or, or something like that. Because, frankly, these days, you have a scratch in your car and you go get it removed, it's what 1200 bucks. That's kind of expensive. And that's a big deal to a lot of people. So you can, you can spend 1200 bucks, 4200 bucks, and all of a sudden gain another 200 square feet of storage, and you don't have to worry about this.

Matthias Miller  2:00:28
Yeah. You anybody else have any any questions to wrap up, we're getting close to the top of the hour, I think we're going to try to wrap it five. So that five Eastern, there we go, we all have things to get back to.

Speaker 1  2:01:02
Me, I definitely think with the notes I've taken from today, there's a lot to go through and put into practice. So I would definitely love to see us be able to incorporate some of these segments into our morning meetings as a team, just to make sure we're, you know, kind of activating our muscles in some of what we learned. So it is just like you mentioned, you know, that 20 minute that 20 minute attention span we have we have exceeded so now we have to read it is it learning it, the progress.

Speaker 2  2:01:33
I'll give you a story about that 20 minute thing. And that doesn't help the situation now if you're checking out. But I want my company that I was working with was like they they bought a like a presentation. And they made the entire company go through over a weekend. And I have never been so bored in my entire life. I'm like I have way better things to do with my weekend, and to sit here and listen to this boring presentation that is not helping me out on the sales side. And anyway, so my attention span was super short. So I understand that.

Speaker 1  2:02:18
Boucle, appreciate it. Well. Thank you though, for all of what you've provided us. I felt like it was very valuable for the team. So thank you so much.

Speaker 2  2:02:26
Yes, absolutely good to meet both of you. Matt's talked about you guys sometimes. And so it's good to meet you both. And wish you both the most success in what you're doing. I think you guys are on the right track to get there. And yeah, it's sometimes a long step. And it's difficult. And I just, you know, sometimes you want to just pull your hair out and say I'm done. That's just how it feels sometimes. So yeah, just, it is a lot of work to get used to. But it's funny when when you finally hit on something that works for you, and you start to see the success, it gives you a lot of excitement, because you know that you can replicate it and do it over and over again. So awesome.

Speaker 3  2:03:09
Nice to meet you, Eric, thank you so much for your time, and this information will definitely be applied.

Unknown Speaker  2:03:14
Alright, awesome. Thank you the deal.

Unknown Speaker  2:03:19
Hey, right. Good.

Matthias Miller  2:03:21
Anything else from Michael, I see you're still on the call. Just want to give you a chance if you're still still on any closing comments? Yeah, no, I

Speaker 4  2:03:32
appreciate it immensely. It's been very, very helpful. Absolutely. Michael has been able to, to go through these questions and get answers from the guru himself.

Speaker 2  2:03:47
Guru is sometimes a stretch, because I'm always on a learning curve. And here's the other thing that I didn't bring up, and I mentioned it a couple of times. But here's the thing with online sales and sales processes. I'm a big believer in the fact that what works today may not work tomorrow. So I'm constantly looking for feedback for the information that I give to you guys to make sure that it is still working, because it worked for me. And but I do know that the market changes so quickly that I do not want to give out information that's no longer relevant. So that's a big deal for me, and you know if it isn't relevant, and I want to know about it, so. Awesome. Thanks, everyone. Thank you, Matt. much. Appreciate it. Thank you, Gabe. Thank you, Michael for having me on. And Victoria and Marissa. Good meeting all of you guys. So nice to meet you. Have a

Unknown Speaker  2:04:54
good rest of the weekend when

Matthias Miller  2:04:55
you do. Good weekend.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai