Unknown Speaker  03:02
together in the government

Speaker 1  03:19
excited Did Did Mark send you a email with an agenda? Yes

Speaker 1  03:28
Did he must only to you because I'm not I'm not receiving it

Matthias Miller  03:32
oh yeah you're forwarded over

Unknown Speaker  03:49
what's going on here soon here

Matthias Miller  04:18
is

Speaker 1  04:27
anyone first one putting the adjustment signatures on the check like you mentioned that that could be done company specific so that would be great you have to get that worked in but don't stop working just fine with

Matthias Miller  04:53
me so allow companies specific signature adjustments. It's good there,

Speaker 1  05:08
they would all write the same or similarly it would.

Matthias Miller  05:13
Exactly.

Speaker 1  05:14
I cropped as much the same ratio, you know, height, the width, and the same distance from the bottom of the picture to the bottom of the text line, but it's just so anyway, workable. The memo was on the checks are still showing those invoices. I didn't know if that's something we just need to create new checks and won't be going forward or that was a change. Yes,

Matthias Miller  05:46
that is correct. I mean, here, let me show you in basically going forward, the memo is going to be blank. Or am I trying to find myself? Okay, so he here memo is blank, vendor invoice payments, we're going to print this one. And this one looks like I don't know if this was a one that was after most recent change on Tuesday, 205. I think this would have included that change. Okay, so you'll see here, this blank is mostly blank. And then here the right, these atoms. Perfect.

Unknown Speaker  06:29
Yeah, and that's a great stub arrangement there, I think.

Matthias Miller  06:32
Good. Awesome. It was it was easy.

Unknown Speaker  06:42
So that's to number three. Deposit sheet. Yes. Okay.

Matthias Miller  06:52
I think it's a pretty quick, quick fix for him. But

Speaker 1  06:58
yeah, oh, just a question on attachments if in the memo blank, have like an invoice or a transaction, like where you can just type in notes. If, if you just attach a PDF there, that's, that's not what the current system of attachments is. Is that correct? Like

Matthias Miller  07:21
sorry, when a deposit?

Unknown Speaker  07:22
Well, just like any transaction,

Matthias Miller  07:26
any transaction? Yeah, I mean, you you could technically but the issue with that comes basically comes down to space and how the attachment is stored. Right,

Speaker 1  07:42
all right. So they normally would like detachment x will be stored on a different platform, whereas if you throw it in that supporting details be on this platform, is that correct? That

Matthias Miller  07:54
is correct. Okay, so Okay.

Speaker 1  07:59
While you are making permanent attachment possibilities, okay to throw attachments on to reconciles would be a great thing as well. Though, you can throw the statements on that reconcile but you know, it's, I mean, that's not something that has to happen now.

Unknown Speaker  08:19
So okay,

Speaker 1  08:22
let me and it's one of those things more just nice to have it doesn't doesn't have to be able to just say it just keeps it there handy rather than you need to go on somewhere else for it.

Matthias Miller  08:33
But we'll note it

Matthias Miller  08:51
payments, there's another reason not to use the supporting details of the transaction if it's not a valid transaction so that I guess it would be voided I don't think we're ever deleting any of those so I guess we shouldn't but I don't know it's a little weird perhaps to have

Speaker 1  09:09
those details I mean, it if you had a warning that would show up that hey, you will you will lose your you will lose your documents if you delete this well or

Matthias Miller  09:32
know which should be fine. We're never gonna we never did. We never delete them. That's fine everyone.

Matthias Miller  09:45
Number four filter payment types next update sales order aging report.

Matthias Miller  09:58
Wait a minute. Yeah, I mean these changes

Unknown Speaker  10:12
are in the five these are the changes per our discussion Monday. Right? This sales. Okay. Oh good. Yeah, like I said, we haven't looked at it yet, but but

Unknown Speaker  10:35
they're really 36,000 on that report. Oh, I thought it was, oh, it's hunting through past to come up with this report.

Matthias Miller  10:46
All right, that is correct. Matthias

Speaker 2  10:48
go back to the were you at the beginning of this report where you said you're caught off date? Or is it defaulting to a certain meaning is, it defaults to whatever you have, like? Well, good that that makes sense.

Matthias Miller  11:08
I mean, it's just arbitrarily six one based on some other random cutoff date that we choose choose at some other time. It's pretty arbitrary.

Speaker 1  11:20
That would be the first date that we're carrying things over from normally into accounting I think is where that date

Speaker 2  11:31
again this true this is basically a I think this is an end of month thing where Oh, again, look at my notes. I think we said we'll set this report up to go out to eat each district every month. The same people that are getting Yeah, that's Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  11:56
catch anything you might have missed it should have gone out

Matthias Miller  12:04
good. Um, issue number two on Drew's reconcile and you go into the Oh, yes. Haha. Fun times. That's correct. Yeah, so I mean, the the quick fix you could do is just mark the disk zero out the discount. Now as I recall, Mark I don't remember where this is somewhere there's a there's a weather report we ran to find out where where we missed getting a discount. I

Unknown Speaker  12:47
don't know was that was it worth waiting?

Matthias Miller  12:53
Yeah, I'm pretty sure yeah, it was it would have been worth doing so I don't know how we want to how do we want to handle

Speaker 2  13:11
past transactions or how big a deal is that do it's more moving forward that we're concerned about? Right. Yeah,

Speaker 1  13:17
I mean, what what my concern would be is there's a discrepancy between the vendors invoice number amount and what we actually paid for it so that needs to go into an account somewhere somehow that needs to be bigger for sure. And and then so that's the one issue The other issue is what I'm trying to reconcile is not actually what the invoice says we actually paid so so is my is my reconcile or what's what's showing as in that payment type of account. Is that coming from the total there on the on the invoice or is it coming from the payment amount? Like where are we getting information from because this is actually just an example of the situation. There were several others that were some were just like one cent different. Some were, you know, due to something else, but

Matthias Miller  14:28
Well, here would be a

Matthias Miller  14:37
waste I think you're 11 Let me I'm gonna have fun with another report here. Okay, so we've got the new report. vendor invoice. based on when we created them the invoice then vendor the invoice

Matthias Miller  15:19
vendor invoice ID the invoice total

Matthias Miller  15:29
expected payment

Matthias Miller  15:40
differences with this is selected product something else all right and then

Matthias Miller  15:54
invoice payment amount in where all right

Unknown Speaker  16:12
okay so

Matthias Miller  16:18
here is

Matthias Miller  16:26
an FYI we didn't we didn't pay for shipping here

Speaker 1  16:37
yeah cuz the cost of the line that's there is 596 the shipping is included shipping is normally what I've found is those boxes are included in that total it's just the one down below that doesn't matter which is matching now this one is matching

Matthias Miller  17:00
so it's the total versus okay so normally in most cases invoice total matches

Speaker 1  17:13
matches the line items plus shipping and tax and minus discounts or whatever where's your expected sound coming from?

Matthias Miller  17:31
Was it's so you're seeing total tax and the total is adjusted for shipping tax and discounts Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  17:38
that's what I found

Matthias Miller  17:42
so in this person

Speaker 2  17:48
I think that that's maybe that's this does not apply here but it's built so that any like shipping discounts or whatever are then also apply directly to the the product itself if it we have inventory items which

Speaker 1  18:12
the discount instead of throwing it into some special discount account, it just gets applied back to the items and the

Speaker 2  18:18
goal is so that we have an actual landed cost of our job we have no basically have no incoming freight account. Well, we do small one, but it's supposed to all go on to the materials Josh even built so that if we have a third party hauler, we buy something and we pick up the and then we also pay a trucking company to do the haul, that that there's a way that those two invoices are combined. So the thought is that in our inventory, we're looking through OSB and we have one vendor that sells for $20 and she delivered and another vendor that sells for $80 and she not delivered by the time we add our shipping that you know the relatively we're comparing apples to apples. Total minus costs, but I don't know that

Speaker 1  19:19
Matthias is the the payment amount at the bottom is just simply typed in. Right. That's not fielded from the total up above. All right. So if your report Could you could you make just do a report that says where is the payment total? The invoice total up there at the top? Where is that different from the from the payment amount?

Matthias Miller  19:53
I'm trying to figure out in this case, what really should have happened? Well,

Speaker 1  19:58
what my guess is what happened Beyond is Whitney went to pay this thing and said, Oh, we actually missed the discount date. And so I didn't actually take the discount. But she just typed in, okay, I paid 2684 10. And nothing happens to the difference. Right? I'm just kind of thinking, if we like going forward, but my thought is that maybe should happen here is the total at the top automatically populates into the payment amount at the bottom. If for some reason, you're just making a partial payment, you can edit it, but then something would pop up. That was okay, what do you want to do with the difference? Do you want to leave it as a credit to this vendor? Or do you want to change the discount amount, which would just basically just be a cancel and you'd go back and change the discount amount? I'm not sure what else you would want to do.

Unknown Speaker  21:03
But since we're paying out of this system, like we need our we need our total for the we need our page to match.

Matthias Miller  21:21
How often do you guys expect to do partial vendor invoice payments? I don't know why.

Speaker 1  21:30
Well, I mean, you would just not pay one invoice rather than do partials on some.

Speaker 2  21:38
Like, well, if it's if it's, you know, maybe a large asset that, yeah.

Matthias Miller  21:48
But then you get internally this way, this is pretty ugly. But internally, you could, you could create two vendor invoices, one for payment, one a one for payment two. And it's a little ugly, but you wouldn't do it much. And you could reference the two with each other.

Speaker 1  22:06
It would allow you to the system would allow you to have the same vendor invoice ID for two different invoices. Or whether or not they're gonna return it. I mean, if it does, you know, you just say okay, here's payment one invoice for this invoice.

Matthias Miller  22:29
It might get a little confused once you get to reconciling. I'm not sure exactly how that would work, but all right, Menards. You go You're, you're the lucky winner. Actually, can we find that? Oops. Easier to do non Pio?

Speaker 2  22:52
Oh, please do it would probably well.

Speaker 1  23:00
Going forward, it should throw us a warning. Because that other update we need.

Matthias Miller  23:05
Like you paid for this already.

Speaker 1  23:09
The thing where it searches for payments to that vendor?

Matthias Miller  23:19
Yeah, so then when you search for vendor invoices, he would show up both I have no idea what's going to happen on the reconcile. Well, no, I mean, your payments would be it would so $30 as the vendor invoice total and the reconcile which is which I mean that's fine.

Unknown Speaker  23:45
That'd be my vote around

Matthias Miller  23:48
and then and then the main thing here would be a warning on when you make a payment that does not match the vendor invoice total.

Speaker 1  23:58
Right. And, but then the student the reconcile, pull from the payment amount at the bottom rather than the total at the top or well I mean, those always just match like are we eliminating this situation of them being something different?

Matthias Miller  24:26
Well, you just have to tell us where you want that discrepancy in accounting. Yeah, yeah. I'm assuming you don't want to quietly thrown into discounts that's not accurate. You can have a you know, this is throwback. I don't know if you guys want to do that. But way back in the day, I used to have a in I don't know, equity or other expense or something account. Or Uncategorized income or something. Yeah. it. And so that's actually not a bad way to deal with some of these exception cases.

Speaker 1  25:07
Right? Um, I have an Uncategorized expense, which is truly that, that I would not want to use for this. Oh, I don't know,

Unknown Speaker  25:23
should we even even allow the option? Or did you give me? Or do we need to have that

Speaker 1  25:29
I would. That's kind of where I would go, I would just, I would kind of be like, these are not allowed to be different. You got to figure out what you're doing to make them like, you know, either you figured your discount wrong, or? I mean, because really, if it wasn't that amount, the price of the of the item total just plain got more expensive or got cheaper. That's probably what happened.

Speaker 2  26:00
And it forces us to do the right thing, either we need an updated invoice from the vendor, and reflect that up above like the answer, like if, I don't know, let's say, we have a situation where something was agreed to be 10,000 and it comes through 12,000 Well, then we can't pay it, we can't process it until that shows 10,000. So does that mean an invoice from the vendor? Keep the old one and just make notes and overwrite it here. But

Speaker 1  26:38
I mean, yeah, just really shouldn't be an issue that's taken care of on the invoice level. Right.

Speaker 2  26:47
Okay, what about discounts discount? You thinking that? So, so we're asking Josh to feel terms and discount terms per vendor on the contact record. So I think basically, what he's gonna say, is this vendor water, how many days? Till do and then how many days till expiration? I think we want to have that just be a manual process where we, we key in the discounts, and then we go to pay and we're deadly. And then depending on the situation. I don't think you'd want to build it. So that discount expiration, if it's beyond that date, that it automatically. I think we want to leave that so that we can go to the vendor and say, Hey, here's what happened. We missed this discount date. Because we didn't get the invoice till yesterday. Do you still honor the discount? And if so then does that. So

Speaker 1  27:49
basically, you're going to be manually applying that discount each time. Yeah, like it says, you go to pay this guy, this vendor? And hey, there's a discount available? Do I want to don't I want it? And then you you say yes, I want it, you apply the discount?

Speaker 2  28:10
Well, AP would already do that they would apply the discount, I can go to pay it, you see that? It's

Speaker 1  28:16
right, right. But on the AP level, like when they say, oh, verify the pay. Are we gonna take this this now?

Speaker 2  28:25
I would say yeah, they would mean, either. And then you know, I'm sure. If we, if we go to pay, and we're a day day late, then that becomes a human decision. Are we going maybe we know that while we totally dropped the ball on this one, and it's happened based on the last encounter, there's no way they're going to honor that discount. So we're just going to pay the full amount, or it's open it.

Speaker 1  28:56
There's, this does not need to be like QuickBooks. That's not what I'm suggesting here at all. But QuickBooks has where if there is a discount available on the bill, it will tell you when you go to pay that bill. Well, I mean, you have to notice, but it shows up, like at the bottom, hey, there's a discount here. If you want the discount. You need to click on the thing to set the discount. And then it defaults to throw it into a discounts. Count accounts that you have preset for default for that. And then you know and then you take the discount at that point when you're actually saying okay, we're going to be paying these by cheque. Let's take this discount, let's say let's apply the credit that we had to just go under, like all of those adjustments to disk to payment totals are done at that point. Now, if we want, we could we could do here to where they're done at the, you know, approval point like, if you want to change the status on this to approved, hey, this vendor has a credit, do I want to use this credit and apply that credit to this invoice, or, Hey, this vendor would give you a discount, you buy the discount.

Unknown Speaker  30:21
At that point, I don't know.

Matthias Miller  30:25
Here's a very simple simple proposal, we validate on the vendor invoice that you either pay the total invoice total or the or the invoice minus discount. And on the as far as the accounting impact, if you pay if you pay total minus discount, then we apply that to the discount appropriately. Otherwise not. And then we could So that part's pretty easy. But then as far as paying, we could have a checkbox on the by the payment that toggles discount or no discount. And it just adjusts the payment amount appropriately. And so you go through your vendor invoice saying we're going to take discount, don't take a discount, take take take don't take, and then you go pay, and you just pay based on article titles.

Unknown Speaker  31:27
You're saying this last, there's an alternative to the or is this? Was this one officer to?

Matthias Miller  31:36
Sorry? No, I'm sorry. There are two options. Yeah, no, me. Sorry. No, I'm sorry. Hang on. Let me back up one option. Pay man invoices needing payment? Let's go here. If there is a discount? Do you want to default to taking the discount here? Or? Actually? Because it's not specified? I don't know how the process somewhere in here. You on a per vendor invoice? I'm assuming you have to determine this on a per vendor invoice because? Or maybe it's per batch. When you pay by cheque, you would say?

Speaker 2  32:27
I think it should be invoice because you might be somewhere you've missed it like you're sure Williams they're like, what I think what does that as you're saying, this is all like, when AP gets the invoice and they created they they they're making a decision saying, yes, we want to take this invoice, therefore they entered it. I mean, isn't that what they're doing now by by entering, just manually entering the discount?

Matthias Miller  33:00
They are doing that by manually entering the discount, and then somebody who decides whether we're taking the discount, because that doesn't happen at the time of payment?

Unknown Speaker  33:11
Yes, it would. But it's

Speaker 1  33:16
so that really shouldn't be on here that well. Here's another thing. When we get technical, we could be talking about two different kinds of discounts here. Like, one kind of discount is a financing discount where, hey, you paid early, so we'll give you some money off. term for that. From pain is common. Yeah, that type of thing. The other discounts that I would see would be something you would manually enter into that discount field would be things like you know, they're happily running a Christmas sale or Black Friday specials and so they'll give you this discount. Or for some reason, you know, the rep just gave you a discount just because he likes you really good. And so that's more of a product discount that makes the product cheaper. Whereas the financing because the prompt payment is is a is a financing type of discount, which really would be a non-operational kind of discount now. We can throw them all in the same box. That doesn't matter. If you don't want to separate it that doesn't matter. But I don't know should we act like they're all the same thing or not? You know, like when we look at this discounts are we going to know this was just a discount that we expected to receive because we expected to pay early or is this a discount? You know, it's a it's because we bought so many we get a discount or something like that. Are those kinds of discounts always just price differences?

Matthias Miller  35:06
Well, I think this is up to you, you want to distinguish between those two types of discounts? And Mark, do you want financing discounts to no longer be applied for property discounts and no longer be applied to inventory?

Speaker 2  35:17
Well, my proposal would be we we continue to do to just apply it to product just for the time being just consider them all the same. And then this is maybe a 24 thing. We're I mean, I could see the advantage of like, how much are we saving on frumpy discounts? I mean, what are use case scenarios? Like how do companies use that? Like, our stance, typically is if there's, if cash flow is not an issue? Lenders take all prophase counts? And just, you know,

Speaker 1  36:00
yeah, I mean, it really, really all that it would be for would be just to be able to analyze, is it worth taking these discounts? Or would we be better off? Holding our money to invest elsewhere? You know, that's, that's really the use case. I mean, I would say, if we're going to throw them together, while we've been talking about here, we might as well just have the ABV we'll say, Hey, I think we're gonna make this discount. They just put the amount in there. And like Matthias says, you know, either you pay the total, or you pay the total minus the discount, and those are your options. And then it just simply shows up as approved for this as the amount of the invoice. They're the ones selecting whether we take the discount or don't anything?

Speaker 2  36:54
Should you have to have a toggle on that. Ready for payment to where you can. I don't think everything in the process is working well, you should never use it. But let's say you're making credit card payment, you called the company, you're giving them information. They say sorry, you missed your discount. You said, Okay, let me just that.

Speaker 1  37:15
Right, right, there shouldn't be a toggle there to be able to take it off. If that's the case. Now, you could just have to go back into the you know, there's a link here to the invoice, you just have to go back and manually

Speaker 2  37:26
take it off. I think what you're saying is correct. I mean, I guess that's up to you, whether you want that toggle or that switch on that report or not. The The other thing that I think would be wise to do at this point is, rather than just calling a discount, we created even though it won't have its separate GL account, we could create four or five intuitive discount fields, that the AP people would be instructed to select that we could then run reporting on and say, like, for this quarter, from a discounts were 10,004. Or we have a way we could probably come up with and maybe that is that was I think if we if we start it feels like that would be one step to get started. And then beyond that, it would be easy to if we ever think there's value there to tie GL accounts to this.

Speaker 1  38:42
Going back to the toggle, I think there's probably going to be just as many times that the discount is just the wrong amount as there is that the discount is not applied at all, you know? Like, I don't know, either miscalculation, or, well, no, we'll give you this discount. But we're too late for that or something. I mean, my guess is if the if it's not correct, it's probably just many times you're going to come back and change the amount as there would be that you just totally

Unknown Speaker  39:17
take it off. Did your thing, the

Speaker 1  39:20
toggle. So let's say let's just skip the toggle and just come back to the thing and change it. And if that turns out to be not good use of the application then we can change it. So the yield I think would be I mean, as long as they're intuitive and they know he knows what to put into which ones.

Speaker 2  39:44
My suggestion is we put that on a future list for we're going to be throwing stuff at them. That we just looked at this and 2024 I'm not used to saying 2024 years Yeah.

Matthias Miller  40:02
Okay, so I'm going to talk through a little bit of a process for the AP people. So they would put in the invoice total? Which currently? And and so we would do you do you want them to make a yes, no decision every time on applying a discount? Or do you want them to do just want to always default to applying a discount if there is one, and they'd have to opt out? If we're not going to

Speaker 1  40:46
Well, if we went by the end date, then I would default to taking the discount, but if we're not going to have a thing where, you know, it's like, it's not gonna be data driven, so scary because people

Unknown Speaker  41:01
discount. But shouldn't they just couldn't just be trained to look at the invoice? Okay, you're saying with the change, Josh is making having it be data driven? If we the discount expiration, like it would be on that then not even give the option for a discount? Currently, they're

Speaker 2  41:33
just making a judgment call? Do we take a discount? Could we improve on that? Or is that? I mean, to

Speaker 1  41:44
me, if we're, if we're auto filling the invoice due date by the payment terms, then, you know, then we would have that date in there for that discount and everything automatically there, I would think, default to go by that closing date. But then give them the the override option to still put that dislike, default, the discount entry. If it's before the date, and zero if it's after. But, you know, if they're, they should still be watching that. We just got this one. But there's a 2% discount in 10 days, we just got it yesterday, you know, let's Let's contact them. And let's take the invoice and you just change it at that.

Speaker 2  42:39
Okay, you're saying we try to capture the income terms. And the days the discount is valid, and auto populate that evidence. But it would only work if it's a percentage, it wouldn't work, of course, for Oh, quantity discount, you're gonna give you a discount, because you bought as much or whatever that

Speaker 1  43:00
right? This would only be for a terms discount. You know, where it's if you pay in 10 days, you get 2% or 1%, or whatever it is. We have

Unknown Speaker  43:10
a new vendor where that is hasn't yet been entered. They just need to be the terms. Yeah, I think that's mean, then does it become like 2% off of what does that mean? Is it always?

Speaker 1  43:29
It would be the total whatever the like, yeah. Yeah. Because it's, it's not based on the items bought? So it would be I mean, like, the essence I see it is no taxes included sales and the candidates, really they're saying, Give us your money, and we'll finance it a little bit. That's why we're, that's why they're giving me 2% off is because really, you're helping them finance their situation. Right, right. And then just default based on the date, and if, if they want to override it, or if there's some other discount that they want to put in that box, they just have to change the amount of it too.

Speaker 2  44:14
Know what happens if the vendor has terms and we're beyond those. So let's say it's a 2% 10 day. And we're the latter days, what what should it do that

Speaker 1  44:24
it would just, it would just go zero in the discount, because we missed it. But that would be a thing where they should be paying a little bit of attention and saying, Oh, this is 2% 10. You know, normally we're going to discount for this guy and it's turning zero and then they could just manually Another thing they could maybe do is the payment date. If they would just backdate the payment take two days before and say oh now you've paid it on the night. Sure, the discount.

Speaker 2  44:59
But okay, where's the I don't mean the payment date. Okay? AP people don't know what the payment is. Right?

Speaker 1  45:05
I mean, that really should populate based on

Unknown Speaker  45:11
today, like the day they're entering, based

Speaker 1  45:13
on the day that the thing is printed. You know, so when you go select invoices needing payment on that that date gets should get stamped into that payment date. So when you select Pay by cheque, yes.

Speaker 2  45:32
That the AP people don't know that yet. They don't know you're gonna pay Wednesday or Friday. Right. So should they be that? I mean,

Matthias Miller  45:42
can I jump in jump in here with a proposal? My proposal is you want to guys want to get your heads together on what the business process side of these steps should be. And we reconvene on at one on this? Yeah, yeah. Present premature?

Speaker 1  46:00
Can you can you? Well, yeah, if we can get more, that should be fine.

Speaker 2  46:05
Well, what I'm thinking is you shouldn't we just leave it Josh doesn't have the development done to feel those contact records and bring those things in yet. I almost feel like we should just that should be something put on it more or less to get to that.

Matthias Miller  46:27
I mean, we can, we can do very cheap, very cheap solution, which is require no payment amount is the sorry, it's this. To say that the payment amount needs to either be the total or total plus discounts.

Unknown Speaker  46:53
How much work would it take to just make sure that?

Matthias Miller  46:57
Well, I mean, not that much, but derivative or any volunteers to go clean up?

Speaker 1  47:06
These so this would be one where they would be different.

Matthias Miller  47:12
Yeah, I mean, this is pretty dramatic. I'm not sure how I can if there's any way you can do this, but 100 axing the payment isn't bad. Yeah.

Speaker 1  47:22
Yeah, that's nice. If if I just have a report like that, that would help a lot too. Yeah, just saying there's ones that don't manage these need dealt with.

Matthias Miller  47:36
So okay, let's let's do this. I have a proposal. Let's do this. So this is vendor is vendor invoice Payment Discrepancies. And for now we're going to make it a warning and we are going to just under IFR. Now it was there 2023 1206 So, we're going to make this be a we're going to add this to the menu. I'll make a few tweaks to it. Make this be a warning when they don't match a report like this to the menu warn if these things don't match, and then I think from there and then as you work these through you'll find some edge cases and we'll talk through how to handle that credits for example, they're not something that we handle very well right now. And then also on the vendor invoice if we see that you paid the invoice total and that there is a

Matthias Miller  49:11
if the payment is the same as the invoice total, then we will treat the discount

Matthias Miller  49:24
we will apply the discount to the discount GL account and if they're different like or if it's payment amount plus, if payment amount equals total plus discounts then we won't

Speaker 2  49:42
What do you mean by the discount? Click on it because they're currently discounts don't have their own GL account. There is the same as we

Speaker 1  49:53
do run a payment discount GL account. So you write

Matthias Miller  49:56
revenue you're gonna say anything Moving on. No, you're right, Mark, we don't.

Speaker 2  50:06
Because we said we just wanted to reflect on product, which

Speaker 1  50:19
I would say, yeah, just make a throw that morning. And and then we'll have that report picked up for now and manually.

Matthias Miller  50:31
Sounds good. And then

Speaker 1  50:35
I would guess a bunch of typos is probably really all there is. I mean, that one there for sure.

Matthias Miller  50:44
Well, I mean, it does

Speaker 1  50:46
appear that way. zeros are actually they just decimals will happen probably. And then it just automatically threw in

Matthias Miller  50:56
seven, five, and you know, seven two's

Unknown Speaker  51:04
good. Now, there are tiles out.

Matthias Miller  51:11
Right, let me see if I can find a back to the agenda. This guy right here. See you hiding? I thought it did.

Unknown Speaker  51:25
You tabs open there.

Matthias Miller  51:28
Let's do this. Alright, so records. inactive, creep, inactivate. Prepaid approved, will no longer need the prepaid now that all Accounting has been done in assist. I vote to coordinate that with Josh. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  52:01
Eight is your

Speaker 1  52:03
Oh, yeah. So what I'm reconciling, there's missing transactions. And if I if we can, so then then I will need to enter those transactions, they will go on to a Uncategorized expense account. And I'll be reaching out to the managers of the shop to say, Hey, do you have receipts Do you have what were these transactions? If those receipts are flowing back to AP, slowly after they've been entered, already, we're gonna have duplicates, if they're paying attention. So the B, that's where B comes in here to create a warning, warning, you know, if those four items are matching with what you're trying to enter, when you go to save, it throws you a warning, like, hey, maybe this is duplicate, because we already have a transaction, it looks like I don't know how fast that would happen. Like how fast it could search that. You know, so if we can find like, You got to save and pay this is already here. You know, maybe it could even pull up. Here's the matching transaction pane, you know, is the same one, I don't know why. But but just a warning even, we have to go look it up again. But anyhow, in order to do that, I would be creating these missing transactions in the new transaction module, which does not have a vendor. And we need that vendor field that we're going to make his hat.

Matthias Miller  53:46
So you should be able to do

Speaker 1  53:49
there, there was contact. But that's a slightly different bank.

Matthias Miller  53:57
I think a vendor is a contact. I mean, vendors are contacts, I don't just think they are so we should be able to use to be able to go so it's just not filtered down. So if we go into new transaction you should be able to do okay, is the same record under the hood.

Speaker 1  54:20
Oh, okay. Could would that be per line item entered in your line items because it's, it's easiest for me to be able to just make one transaction that can

Unknown Speaker  54:38
be dealt with and that

Speaker 1  54:42
you know, like I have, I'm missing one a payment to Menards and I'm missing a payment to Lowe's and I'm missing your payment to gas station. You know, just throw them all on ones

Unknown Speaker  54:53
because it says hell

Matthias Miller  54:56
so it'll show multiple contacts up here when you do that in Under the line item, you have to go into heavy over on the right hand side, right or bottom, depending on how it's laid out. But you put it in to do that. Yeah.

Speaker 1  55:08
Okay, well, as long as that's the same that part's already taken care of

Matthias Miller  55:19
Alright, so let me take this and

Speaker 1  55:28
be docketed That would be something was early in 24. If you can get it feel good eatin reconciling will catch something. So you know, it's not like we're going to be overpaying people as a pretty much just apply to credit card payments anyway.

Matthias Miller  55:52
Good transactions

Matthias Miller  56:08
they will put resizes to it's a little saying

Matthias Miller  56:22
hey combined, I was supposed to tell you guys to talk to Josh about it. And I didn't. I am sorry. Ohio in New York District. I mean, bottom line is, Josh says New York has been a thorn in our side for a very long time. And everybody's pretending to be a district but in in practice, they don't really function as a district. And can we the only reason it is a district is for Compass. I think maybe, I don't know the backstory. And he basically suggested that you guys talked to him about it. And you he Jason? Okay. Good. So I apologize. We didn't get that to you.

Speaker 2  57:18
This morning, I probably did miss something, but he won't have time to chase it right away. Got quite a bit of work on the font font stuff syncing the skew sheets through the rest? I don't know, did you talk to you about that project at all? No, not so so he has his raspberry Raspberry Pi is sitting on our network that is connected to our at the IP address. So if we request reports Masis rather than sending them out as email, they just print directly to the correct printer. And it does, so he's also built it so that it can email files and receive files, basically this manual it's gonna have a flash drag, you give it your name, the folder where we want to send it to drop the files in there, and then plug it in. So the SKU sheet that controls just all the the IMS is cute, like the SKU information, what vendors what the reorder levels are, what the information is that goes onto the Kanban cards all of that round, the source of truth used to always be on our file on our local network and then we would just send it in upload now that we're bringing now that we need accounting information on our vendors, that's becoming an issue because we have AP people want to update accounting information and purchasing wanting to update purchasing side of information so he's he's building up basically a scene between using the Raspberry Pi between that file and assist so that they're talking back and forth constantly so and we need that soon so that we can clean up our vendor list and create vendors per accounting company. Okay. Wow. Interesting.

Matthias Miller  59:38
Okay, well, if Josh is tied up, and we need something on this, I think you guys if you guys talked to him, and he has a short term solution that or you guys have a short term solution that you are all happy with. And you want me to chase it. I don't mind doing that.

Speaker 2  59:58
No, that's it. I don't think it was more informational than anything. I don't think it'll be the longest maybe title. But yeah, we'll bring it up to him

Speaker 2  1:00:23
okay, and then on the last run invoice date to be source of truth. You were going to make some changes, I forget exactly what it was a year. Oh Ha, ha trends.

Matthias Miller  1:00:38
Okay. Yeah, I mean as, as far as I keep going here, what's the best way to find this? Thank you. Let's go here.

Speaker 2  1:00:54
I think it appeared on that accounting. That diagnostics report is where we Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:01:08
That's pretty sure to care about. Yeah, we're using the invoice date.

Speaker 2  1:01:14
Using invoice date everywhere. We've gotten rid of rid of delivery date? Yes. Okay.

Matthias Miller  1:01:22
The events are now building built building costs applied and building invoiced rather than building delivery.

Speaker 2  1:01:33
Yeah. And then the last Jedi Lister question I had is, is there a way to push updates into accounting? Outside of the scheduled nightly, right, it's like if we're, I don't know if we're doing something here. And we said, well, let's let's push that to accounting. Can we manually do that? I was thinking early on, you'd shown us a way to do that. But

Speaker 1  1:02:12
remember, yeah, I think it was something like applying FGI costs or something to counting I forget, there was I thought there was a button on the menu

Matthias Miller  1:02:22
currently, there is no longer button. Oops, wrong system. So we have know that it has to be broken up like this. Let's see counts receivable. So we have three scheduled tasks. There's the purchase orders, there's the vendor invoices, and then there's the everything else bucket which includes FDI numbers sales orders, deposits, payment, multi so payments, try even checks. I think we could actually make a pretty good argument to copy checks out. Let me do that. And then this actually becomes FTI AR so this is post check transactions and we're going to do when

Speaker 2  1:03:29
we ever need that. I think I think we

Speaker 1  1:03:32
would work I'm almost thinking we would want well just like a situation where if if we're paying vendors invoice and it comes out is different. You know, if I go through that list of differences and I fix them on the vendors invoice unless I can push that through it won't show up in my reconcile yet.

Matthias Miller  1:04:04
Okay. We just renamed these and I can show you how you can do whatever you want to.

Matthias Miller  1:04:19
Alright, so anything FTI related, sales orders, Stripe payouts etc. You go into scheduled tasks which is under admin. I always search for stuff with under admin admin scheduled tasks. And then you just select it and hit schedule immediate run. And when we'll do this check transactions because that's super fast. So it's going to run it's going to say queued for 12 Six and if you refresh still queued. Soon as she run

Matthias Miller  1:05:15
that says running. And then it goes back to its next scheduled time. If you go into here, down here in the bottom, you can see when it last ran, how long it ran and the results, whether it succeeded or not. So you can do that scheduled immediate run and go look at the results for purchase orders, vendor, invoices, checks, and all kinds of the FTI related stuff. And when you run the vendor invoice transactions that updates your son found again really canceled in?

Unknown Speaker  1:06:15
Did I?

Matthias Miller  1:06:26
Know one didn't run last night was gonna see if I'm getting to run again. I'm not sure.

Speaker 2  1:06:44
But Is there potential for making things go sideways if we manually run these?

Matthias Miller  1:06:54
I don't think so.

Speaker 2  1:06:57
No, the only reason we're just running them once a day is for speed or data usage.

Matthias Miller  1:07:06
Speed mostly. I mean, it's just we can take a look at what I mean. Yeah, we can take a look at what why they're running. They're running substantially slower than they used to. And I made it made some changes that make that happen. I'm going to take a look and find out why because they shouldn't be quite this slow but.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:37
Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:07:38
well, that would be it. One question on that. Report to show those differences on the invoice payment amounts. Is that something I'll show up on the menu? Like tonight? Or what's your timeframe on that? Do you think?

Matthias Miller  1:07:59
Well, I mean, if you want to look at it. I don't have a specific timeframe. If there's not really a need to push anything, any updates, I'd probably just skip but yeah, I can give you I can give you a link to this one. In the meantime, if you want that

Unknown Speaker  1:08:14
would work that would work.

Speaker 1  1:08:18
And I still need to check out I'll let you know when I figure out if that deposit thing is working. So

Speaker 1  1:08:33
so the deposit that I had been working on basically that will just that just got erased and that would need redone.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:39
No,

Matthias Miller  1:08:40
I just fixed the payment amounts. Everything should be working again.

Speaker 1  1:08:45
So that one would still be a record in there. Yeah. Okay. All right. Shouldn't be cool.

Matthias Miller  1:09:00
All right. Sounds good. Talk to you guys in a bit.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai