Unknown Speaker  01:20
again hello again

Unknown Speaker  01:41
Mark

Speaker 1  01:50
hey I just thought of Monday is I'm going to be on Monday so that actually isn't time Monday and Friday of next week I will be out so our Monday call would be not work and then

Unknown Speaker  02:14
Friday that

Unknown Speaker  02:20
if we do the Friday thing we couldn't do it this week yet

Unknown Speaker  02:29
I could to

Matthias Miller  02:38
see how much time I've got I could do

Matthias Miller  03:01
sir Thursday at

Unknown Speaker  03:05
eight Eastern

Matthias Miller  03:08
or for an hour and a half or I could do an hour at 1145 Eastern

Speaker 1  03:28
that eight to 930 or 1145

Matthias Miller  03:33
to 1245 on Thursday

Unknown Speaker  03:39
Well

Matthias Miller  03:41
hang on or no nevermind still savings. On for that. Yeah.

Speaker 1  03:49
Oh, why don't we make sure if this right 1145 to 1245 would work best. That works for

Unknown Speaker  04:00
ya. And I'll reach

Unknown Speaker  04:04
out to who then on schedule for next week and probably Monday or Tuesday and it'll probably be Tuesday until I

Unknown Speaker  04:17
do right yeah

Speaker 2  04:34
I can join after well, we have another call and that call it another client running tended well 1/3 DAVID I can join in as that one's done.

Matthias Miller  04:45
Okay. Sounds good. Sounds fine and might be able to go a little bit long but I'm gonna need a little bit of a breather between some of these

Unknown Speaker  04:58
Yeah, if you If I tried to just do things back to back then be able to do anything? Well,

Matthias Miller  05:08
it's a little disturbing what they've done brain scans of what happens with back to back meetings, that's pretty disturbing to take a look at currently.

Speaker 1  05:18
So what is what's the big version on what it does?

Matthias Miller  05:25
The very non scientific scientific version is turns your brain to mush. Basically. It's your thinking power is substantially reduced

Speaker 2  05:40
don't need a brain scan to confirm that there is sometimes.

Speaker 1  05:55
Yes, so are we ready to look at accounts payable? Yeah. How much time do you want to spend on this 330? Are we longer

Unknown Speaker  06:14
i Let me see how much

Unknown Speaker  06:20
longer

Speaker 1  06:27
I would prefer to try and wrap it up by 330 if we can.

Unknown Speaker  06:31
Let's do that. Let's do that. I like it. Okay, so

Speaker 1  06:38
I think the place to start would be second flowchart that I sent to you the one with the arrows and stuff. So that one is I'm just going to go over that briefly. And then we'll come back to the one that we really want. So this is from a process processor, but this is what is happening currently on our what we call Accounts Payable verification process, which is not tied into accounting at this point. And because it's an I call it an elaborate add on that has evolved out of IMS. So we start at the top and someone reviews the vendor. And I like the term supplier invoice which I started they mean the same thing but why our invoice and says it paid by the accountant or has it already been paid. And if it does needs paid, then it goes to the accounts payable or company email by fax.com wages goes to Dwayne's office and they take that invoice and say is there an order in this

Unknown Speaker  08:03
we have a purchase order and an order confirmation. We have a purchase order in assist like the one referenced on the invoice and then if yes, then they update it and it all shows up on a Monday morning at 530.

Matthias Miller  08:32
To port

Speaker 1  08:32
gets sent to looks at the invoice and says this is good to pay this is good to pay this is good to pay or they say let's hold off on this one because my cash position until I use the full net 30 Or I want to take advantage of this tubers, whatever. So at the point they say yes, I'm gonna go ahead and haters, then. Okay, that's the word. There's AP supervisory review, AP verification reporting to the following. They go through marketing require changes to the GL accounts, checkout invoices that are approved to be paid. Take all prepaid invoices which those come down on the right side where we're saying no, this invoice is not paid by the accountant. It's either a handwritten check or credit card purchase, but they all fall down and over the same place. Going down to the bottom again. The first long oxen just below the center of the page, their AP supervisor. And then they do their thing and then they send that off to Aaron, who reviews their GL Account selections that eight of what we're doing currently just saw that one person is we're using our new set of GL accounts consistently. And then if he finds any So that that step of sending the errand should eventually go away, or I'm hopeful that it will. But for now, it's just like another set of eyes, making sure that the right part with a great deal accounts and then you reviews that to make sure their locations are correct. If changes or changes need to be made, he'll mark it back. And or he'll say everything looks good, at which point they will make the changes he has noted and then send it off to Dwayne's office again, they take it, update the changes mark there, update the status as to unpaid approve, and then have that done by Tuesday at five. And then at that point, the accountant Whitney goes into assist and looks at all the unpaid approved. So that gives her Thursday Friday to get those paid, and entered into QuickBooks. So that's our current process. Obviously, everything that's done between assistants lately manual, and what we want to do is once calling, the AP supervisor says I want to pay this invoice from that point, till about till the time the supplier is paid, and it's posted to accounting, we want that to be as automated as possible, because at that point, there's but I want to pay this. And then at that point, we know who's being paid how much we're paying what GL account it should pose to. That's what we're we're looking to try and trying to figure out what, like, how does this tie together? Whereas Ms. Where does it cross over into accounting? How do those two together so before I continue on the pitch that I had wanted to chart with landscape format stop and just Are there any questions on this? I bet a lot of words I don't know how much of it was it sounds

Matthias Miller  12:42
Yeah, I mean, I think I'm pretty sure a follow I don't know that there's much

Unknown Speaker  12:51
yeah, much too much to add here. Yeah, makes sense to me.

Speaker 1  12:59
Okay. So, this is obviously the other one. So, the flowchart the way I have intended it to work and I want to do this for various for various different scenarios. processes then but what I have is on the left I have business processes and then IMS and then accounting processes, debits and credits that need to happen. And then software development which would be probably be more for notes than anything but everything starts top left and works down or to the right. I didn't arrows or anything, but we're just gonna go through this real quick and then we can. So it starts with honestly product or service is requested, then a purchase order is created. And the supplier receives the purchase order. buyer looks at the purchase order or confirms the order with price and delivery date. At which point when they use Sherwin Williams for the example here to the top. So the shop sees they need paint. And they have you're familiar with the Kanban cards with eyes, right? How they function.

Unknown Speaker  14:29
Yes.

Speaker 1  14:31
Okay, well, I'll try to hit projects, right. But basically, it's a little kanban card with a QR code that has basic information. It has a picture of the product, our big number that says here's the reorder level and on the back side says what? How much to reorder so Have these like where the paint is started. In each of our production facilities, there's this little cart for bad paint, it says, When you get down to having one bucket remaining, then time to reorder. And so they take this card and put it in a holder, that means that there's needs or product and then once a day or so someone to take those cards, them on the nurse or the fax machine, send it to assist and assist sees the kanban card, sees the SKU and says, oh, good time, you want to order two gallons of red paint from the Sherwin Williams store in Fort Wayne, Indiana. And I know that this will be built to share time as well. So they send an email to the store for showing William store. They receive it, open it respond to it with price and delivery date. And the minute they do that the order confirmation goes out to stop that order to go out to share time they file it and then or when delivers the paint next day. And then it time is buyers the paint and verifies it by receiving take their order confirmation, match it up with what they received. And, or in a box there. It says I received everything as noted or as ordered. And all of that box in with a magic marker, send it back to this and assist says, Oh, I see you've got this product. So I'm going to put this in inventory now. And point is received and then the supplier sends the invoice, then sub in Dwayne's office, and then they get that invoice they enter it into it says look for that purchase order, make sure the purchase order and the invoice match. And if they do, then at that point shows up on that list of accounts payable by as he reviews and approves. After he's done that the Berman from an agent, someone in Dwayne's office updates the status. So then what happens on the accounting process is when the product is received, that's the point where we increase our materials, and we decrease able now I'm showing everything debit asset slash materials by 15,000. Then credit AP rNv that's just a term that are uses for if not vouchered, meaning think we know what it's going to cost, but we don't have the invoice yet. So you know, you have a fuel surcharge or you could have a prompt pay discount but at this point that's not about voucher it's rNv. So we consider that the two amounts have to match and then it sits there until invoice is received and approved at which point he then debit or decrease receive not voucher and increase credit accounts payable slash Accounts Payable which means that we now have a very verified invoice and we're ready to pay. And then the last step is the accountant pays the invoice which is a separate bend or transaction and at that point, you debit or decrease accounts payable and credit baking by 15,000.

Unknown Speaker  19:32
So that

Speaker 1  19:37
what gets difficult here is in my mind what if one we have that that timing thing. Talk about that for just a minute that that was one of the this morning but is My understanding is Larry, basically, we should we should always use, what date do we use, or the invoice date, we should always use the date that's on the invoice unless that date is earlier or before we receive product. And if it's or we receive product, then we'll know we're not liable to pay for this until it becomes ours until we receive it. So we use date. So that's on the, on the part with the dates. And then the other thing that count starts to complicate this is what if we think it was 15,000 but now it's actually 14 seven or it's 15? Two? How do we accommodate those so

Speaker 1  21:05
that's kind of kind of where we're at now this is off yet but I would I would like to take some time and just lay out a number of different scenarios like I described here and so I'm not I'm not quite sure where we go from here I showed this to Josh and he said well I level but looking at at this he thinks we'll have to do some something similar to what we're planning to do on Delta transactions for that so how was

Unknown Speaker  21:59
I mean, that's

Matthias Miller  22:03
sounds right, I think your suggestion

Matthias Miller  22:17
so, do you want me to move ahead with the spec? With it not hitting the accounting until it's received?

Matthias Miller  22:34
Or do you want to get into those scenarios first? Go ahead, sir.

Speaker 1  22:39
Okay, that that event, specifically, I don't think we'll change like what are scenarios where it should impact accounting before it well what if we buy something with a credit card that the more which we don't like pre paint you go into dead show and they're running a special on lumber if you pay a

Unknown Speaker  23:13
and we'll deliver it to later so that that seems that that happens occasionally. What's what happens more often is have some that helps with Lowe's where they order something they run the card immediately and then shipped later.

Speaker 1  23:42
He'll but it's, it seems like the ideal solution working with docstore. So that would be one where

Matthias Miller  23:59
that's a question for you as far as isn't that a thing that could potentially be an asset of inventory paid for not received? And once you Yeah, or prepaid inventory or whatever the right. terminology is?

Speaker 1  24:26
Yeah. So the other thing that mentioned that Josh and I noticed though, was that ideally, all the work that's being done in IMS and in Dwayne's office is debits and credits, like all the matching and all right, debits ideally the debits and credits could be posted accounting could all be automated Where the accountant basically has to just basically just comes in and easy invoices. I think that's possible if we can. Wayne, if we know what we want, if we can think of if we can lay out the different scenarios like, what if this? Like what are the trigger points? How will software know that it is not this? So, from what I'm hearing, it seems like the only way to really move forward with this is for us to map out the different areas that we that occur. That's that that happened and how, what we want to happen, what what needs and also map out what needs to happen in accounting, then, only at that point, can we really move forward with afford a match that is that? Is that what you're thinking? Or you're like, my brain is turning to mush in the last 20 minutes. Well

Unknown Speaker  26:37
think if,

Matthias Miller  26:39
as is mine, so I think there's, I don't know, we're at the risk of communication breakdowns. If you're at the point where you feel like you can put together some of the scenarios where prepayment and some of the things like that. That's laid out similarly to this landscape flowchart. Just a few copies and some tweaks, then I think, with I mean, I think I'm already really close to having a design that's going to work. But if you put those together, I think that's famous last words, but that's 80% of what we need to make sure that we're on track with where we're going.

Speaker 1  27:19
Okay, and I feel like I told Josh, I feel like if we know, I feel like, you know exactly why the one this seems to me like it should shouldn't be that way. It's just it feels a lot smaller to me than, say, FDI bill, but maybe. What do you feel like this is? Project?

Matthias Miller  27:51
I don't know, I think I think it's comparable. There's some interesting things with finagling GL accounts, and that switch from old GL accounts to new GL accounts. That's somewhat related. But overall, I'm not I, in my opinion, what we did with FDI, is we invented a kind of machine with the Delta transactions. And it's, you know, barring any unforeseen problems, it's just a matter of using that same kind of machinery here and

Unknown Speaker  28:29
it should be pretty straightforward.

Unknown Speaker  28:34
So, example of a prepaid what I wanted to do is probably would, I'll see, I thought about putting horizontal lines across here, like, join date so that you can see what happened, like the process of

Speaker 1  28:59
what's typically, you know, first day, second day, third day. What are some other some other Are there examples off top of your head that areas that you think of?

Matthias Miller  29:15
possible variation between paying with credit card versus I don't think that actually makes a difference. Credit card versus cash, no, that doesn't matter because that just doesn't matter. A the application of freight invoice.

Unknown Speaker  29:34
A. So

Matthias Miller  29:38
invoice is shipment has received invoices received freight invoice is received. And then later we find out that the freight invoice was actually for two orders, not just one. That's a pretty scary scenario, but it could be one taking a look at It's also worth considering how vendor invoices should impact accounting when they don't have a Pio. Do they impact accounting as soon as they're entered? That'd be another scenario I can think of.

Unknown Speaker  30:23
Ah that's mostly

Unknown Speaker  30:31
what if we have a return or a credit? Why have we. So, the overpay and we? Yeah. Because I happen, it happens from time to time with the vendor will so I'll just credit

Speaker 1  30:56
have an outstanding credit of or you have a credit of $1,200 that we can apply to your next order. By now I think if you were to look at the accounts payable verification report, those just kind of they have some way to finagle those those just float there so they so they're not forgotten and they can those are applied places

Speaker 1  31:28
probably nothing new, we're going to automate.

Speaker 1  31:51
Well, why don't I? I'll, I'll work on this. And then did we schedule a call to regroup? You're talking to Josh. Saturday, right? I saw an email.

Matthias Miller  32:13
Tomorrow Tomorrow afternoon, actually. Afternoon.

Speaker 1  32:16
So would it be helpful to have this ambles by then or not really?

Unknown Speaker  32:24
I kind of noticed that's critical. I'm missing it face.

Speaker 1  32:31
So if we okay if we one day call on work. I'll be out Monday. Should we we look at doing something Friday this Friday. I'm going to wait until

Matthias Miller  32:52
I don't mind doing something Friday it's going to be it's going to have to be I'm going to almost certainly gonna have to take some time off again. With family stuff. I would be happy to block out

Unknown Speaker  33:09
Oh

Matthias Miller  33:16
730 to nine on Friday eastern time might be

Unknown Speaker  33:24
the safest.

Speaker 1  33:33
Yes, that works. I will plan on that. And I'll see what I have. Hopefully I should have at least some flowcharts by then and also have had a chance to review cash flow statement then. up for that and Oh, charge

Speaker 2  34:05
sounds good. Yeah.

Speaker 1  34:13
Good. We will. Yeah, I'll plan to regroup. Friday at 730.

Matthias Miller  34:21
Okay, sounds good. We'll talk then. Yep. Thanks Mark. You


Transcribed by https://otter.ai