Matthias Miller  00:24
Hey a be in Wales how's it going? I didn't know you knew Spanish just enough to be dangerous it's one of those I took Spanish in high school I'm one of those as well

Matthias Miller  00:56
the probably the best story from my high school Spanish class was when when one of the girls was we did like the Oh like they call it TPR like when you speak you learn by listening and then by doing and then finally by speaking and one of the girls was looking for her was supposed to be looking for her. was supposed to be looking for a cover yet Oh. And thought she was looking for a quiet better No, and said that the Caballero was under her chair. Which raised us some questions that's exactly exactly she's hiding under here and then don't know for you I don't know how well how good your recollection is but what is it like? Looking for a guy under your chair when she should be looking for a note or thinking she's looking for a notebook and supposed to be yeah yeah. Oh my goodness. Three years of it in high school and I did well and I lost it it did I graduated but then there was a lot that came back while I was in Phoenix. As far as I understand understand a lot I just think speak it super well. Make sense? Yeah. Let me see where I never dreamt in Spanish. I haven't been LA Times

Matthias Miller  03:02
I don't think I've ever objected stache either

Matthias Miller  03:10
Well call him and find out. Usually, he's pretty timely with this stuff.

Matthias Miller  03:29
The other great story is if you've ever heard of Keith Wheeler, he's the guy who carries across around around the world. And he recently got stopped leaving a monastery. Somebody ran up to him and said, We think you're shoplifting. He's like, Oh, I'm serious. I brought it here. And they're like, when he's like, you guys can check like your crosses are all there. So they went and checked. They're like, oh, sorry. Like, he's like, You guys have actually had people steal crosses. They're like, yeah, people have actually shoplifted or crosses.

Matthias Miller  04:34
Well, and the other one was, he was trying to preach and was got the words picado and PESCADO mixed up. Comments is another one. I don't know. You might know this one too. But somewhere along the way, he hid this extensive story about how he was trying did say that he was embarrassed and ended up saying that he was pregnant and just further adding the stereo

Matthias Miller  05:17
well

Matthias Miller  05:53
not been able to have this you should hours to get for the year

Matthias Miller  06:11
Ark

Matthias Miller  06:25
stuff

Matthias Miller  06:47
we have one outstanding issue or some outstanding issues we've got a few tweaks in the payroll verification

Matthias Miller  07:12
and

Matthias Miller  07:36
well

Unknown Speaker  07:46
looks to me like

Unknown Speaker  07:56
ain't happening much

Matthias Miller  08:33
okay, well, I guess we will wait and see I'm gonna assume there aren't really any issues. I'm going to start slogging through some IFR design stuff myself probably. And we'll talk this afternoon. Okay, sounds good. For sure. Yep,


Transcribed by https://otter.ai