Unknown Speaker  00:11
There, Hey, there, hello.

Matthias Miller  00:16
Alright, so we are showing, I don't know how much so Dwayne showed, showed you the tool tips, right?

Speaker 1  00:22
Hold on one second. I need to turn this up just a little bit. Go ahead.

Matthias Miller  00:27
All right, Dwayne showed you the tool tips, right? Yes. So my thought was on the let me just see if I can share this.

Speaker 1  00:36
So what you're doing right now is just a tool tip breakout. It's not because the reason I'm asking is it makes a difference. One of the functionalities that we're going to need to have somewhere is the ability to print this payoff information to a PDF and send it to the customer, right, right? And when I'm looking at it that way, there's a lot of things I don't want on it, because just becomes very confusing to the customer, and they're going to, the first thing they're going to do is they're going

Speaker 2  01:04
to say, it's not just customer it's also customer service rep, right?

Speaker 1  01:08
So we think about how we want to reflect that, so that it becomes very easy to talk through, right?

Matthias Miller  01:20
I mean, so the very simple, so all I want is a visual, if you do an EPO that the total rent paid is going to be substantially less than the contract value. And so it would be nice, at a minimum, to have some kind of, even I don't know what the label should be. How about savings?

Speaker 2  01:37
Do the do the remainder as a savings? So you would have contract balance, minus rent paid EPO, and then savings, your total savings, that would be, that's the value that you're trying to that you're trying to account for,

Speaker 1  01:52
and that's the that's the information you want the customer to walk away with. I just saved $2,000

Matthias Miller  01:58
so can I? Can I bundle EPO rent in full month, rent into a single number, or does that need to be broken apart?

Speaker 1  02:05
It doesn't. At this point, all we're talking about is, what do I need to pay to quit paying so we're not talking about rent anymore. We're talking about cashing out the contract.

Matthias Miller  02:17
Okay? So this so basically, you so on the contract balance, sorry, sorry, Seth, he's getting blasted. So contract value here, I'll share they can contract value of 10,000 minus rent paid of 6000 which includes whatever was paid for the EPO, minus savings from EPO of 4000 this is after they've made the the EPO payment, which which would then calculate as a as a balance of zero.

Speaker 1  02:57
So you're saying this is what the account would look like after it was paid in full, correct? That's fine, okay?

Matthias Miller  03:06
And then remaining months is simply, how do you guys want that? I mean, we could do something like contract balance of $4,000 divided by monthly payment of 400 per month. Obviously, all wildly made up equals 10 months remaining

Speaker 1  03:28
so and that, that would be the quick overview for the open accounts of like this is, this is our where we are in the progression of this contract, what we know those months to be, and what frack what month or fraction of months is left if they were to go to term Correct? Yep, that makes sense. Okay, let me

Matthias Miller  03:51
see if there was anything else with

Speaker 2  03:59
I think that's it. I think that. Does it that satisfy the question on an EPO?

Speaker 1  04:04
Yeah, so still, I still think we have my initial question up, and I'm not sure what you're working on at this moment. So it may be just weeds go away, and that's fine, but somewhere we need to have the form that we can print that says this is your contract balance. And if you pay off today, this is how much

Unknown Speaker  04:24
that's that's just, this is all around tool tips. Tool

Speaker 1  04:27
Tips. This is perfect, like I don't I don't have any problem with this from a tooltip standpoint. Yeah, we'll have to. Here's all of our

Matthias Miller  04:33
needs. We have not thought that much besides the payment whiskey, which isn't that much thought. We have barely given any thought to what the customer should see once they do a payoff.

Speaker 1  04:44
So, and this is just to stick in for down the road, we can talk about that later. Currently, none of our RTO softwares can allow a customer to actually pay off their building online. It's not possible.

Unknown Speaker  04:59
That's dumb. Do that.

Speaker 1  05:00
And if we could do that, that would be, of course, we can do that. Of course we can do that. So at this point, it's like banners and everywhere. Do not pay off online because it will not close your account. It will only pay your rent in advance, and then we have to catch it later on. And well, it's, it's a nice because it's because, as you can imagine, it's

Speaker 2  05:17
because his web portal system is a completely disconnected system from his from his management

Speaker 1  05:23
system. Basically, it means, if you're not on top of your books, you don't know this until eight months from now, when you send your customer their past due invoice and they're like, What the I paid this off? And you're like, Oh, well, you actually didn't. You went online and paid so, yeah, it's problematic, but I won't keep you to regale you with all of the things we get to fix.

Matthias Miller  05:41
I wish they wouldn't set the bar so high for us. Hey.

Speaker 1  05:44
I mean, let's take it and run with it. I love it. All right.

Matthias Miller  05:49
Thanks. Sounds good. I appreciate it. Yep, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai