Matthias Miller  05:08
Hello Drew?

Matthias Miller  06:47
Progress should be calling checking in with Mark see if you've got my

Unknown Speaker  06:59
Yeah, because he forwarded to me so.

Matthias Miller  07:02
Okay, okay, well good and then he's fine should be fine

Matthias Miller  07:41
while we wait for him we're looking to step out there he comes like that perfect timing

Speaker 1  07:52
mark it's time for the delay. Like you're waiting for me for a while

Matthias Miller  08:02
you're waiting for me longer than I was waiting for you. I'm so sorry.

Speaker 1  08:08
No, that's fine. I was What is your Friday schedule? Or do we do we have a Friday schedule? I was going to let you know that Drew's not coming in today but he's going to join we say that he will join all because we're gonna talk about a bunch of payroll module stuff

Matthias Miller  08:25
usually it's 3pm Oh, well, but

Speaker 1  08:32
but um that's perfectly fine with us sorry.

Matthias Miller  08:38
Now it's, it's good. If you got time to talk through stuff I would welcome that. I've I feel like so this stuff we need to address so that we can keep things moving.

Unknown Speaker  08:49
Okay, yeah, good here.

Matthias Miller  08:52
Okay. It's true on

Unknown Speaker  08:55
Yeah, yes, ma'am. Here.

Unknown Speaker  08:58
Okay. Well, all yours messiahs.

Matthias Miller  09:04
So let's see, let me check one other thing yet while we pick calculate the payroll, payroll receipts Alright, so I think we can configure the net pay to be paid from assist via our ACH processing. Does it make any difference to you whether gussto or assist processes that ACH?

Speaker 1  09:46
I don't know that it does. I just there's obviously a lot of things that I don't fully understand. I was just so what, what's different if What if it's this gussto processes I mean, would it? Would they both use the same ij gateway?

Matthias Miller  10:10
No gussto has its own, you would enter everybody's routing account number into gusto. And I don't know how they process it, but they they handle all that. So

Matthias Miller  10:31
what are what are other differences that we the other, we probably would have more control of timing if we did it versus if they do it. Oh, what else would it be?

Matthias Miller  10:54
I can't

Speaker 2  10:55
write duplicated information like, we'd probably need to maintain two sets of records for everybody. If it was paid out of gussto. But

Matthias Miller  11:09
yeah, but most of that stuff's gonna have to be duplicated anyway, the main thing you would have to duplicate this or banking banking information. Because if gussto is highly handling, gussto can hire new new hire forms and handle new hire forms and all that. So there's a lot of information that we need to be included in that.

Speaker 1  11:30
So like, what is the W four? What is the form like for new hires?

Matthias Miller  11:37
The there's the I nine and the reason you're better than the W would be the W four. Yeah, gussto could get stuck in, if you've got somebody with an electronic access. They they've got a bit of an onboarding process that they can take people through. I mean, you can also do it, just keep doing it manually as well.

Speaker 1  11:59
I mean, like, would we would you envision that all the hard copies that we have on file that those would? Yes, but with those, with that information need to be entered into gusto. Or to do the right calculations, like all most of our employees are already 29 exam, which means they're exempt from like, Social Security exempt and all of the like, Would all of that information. But okay, what would, how would gussto get that information?

Matthias Miller  12:38
Yeah, we'd have to enter that.

Speaker 1  12:44
Just from from my limited understanding of all of this seems to be like paying it out of assist with be the cleanest and be the most straightforward, but

Unknown Speaker  13:05
knowledge of one versus the other. So I'm curious. Matthias, what are your thoughts?

Matthias Miller  13:11
What I have a hard time having? Well, know that I think the argument for assisted sorry, here's another difference is that it probably be easier to automatically create. No. Right? If we did it automatically, if we didn't assist, then you wouldn't have a lump sum. Debit for what you're paying people you would have? Or a Yeah, with withdrawal, you would have a gussto would would do withdrawal for the tax amount and leave you to do the ACH is and pushing that. And then you could you would push individual ACH transactions into the accounting system per employee based on based on what was paid out via ACH, so I'm having a I yeah, I think it's it's great to aim for paying out of assist and we can it does not feel to me like there's a huge consequence one way or the other besides perhaps level of control. And I think we can go down that route and if we run into issues we can reevaluate.

Speaker 1  14:36
So that would mean we only have to enter bank and routing account and routing information in one place then if we

Unknown Speaker  14:46
correct Wow, okay. I mean, you would need to have an assistant less we also why is not under If the only time we're going to pay an employee with

Speaker 1  15:05
a deposit is each egg if we pay them as a vendor and we would have to create a new record, new contact record anyway, right?

Speaker 2  15:25
With gussto, if you want to do direct deposits, then you have to do you have to go to the second level, the second subscription level think,

Matthias Miller  15:37
Oh, interesting.

Speaker 1  15:41
Okay, so that would what is it like a $40 goes from 60 to 80 or 40 to 80? Have we worried at the encoder level?

Matthias Miller  15:52
Well, the simple plan has a two day and a four day direct deposit.

Speaker 2  15:56
The difference in deposits, the next

Matthias Miller  16:00
day to direct deposit is what puts you into the next plan. But, yeah, yeah. So, and then, as far as the pay stub, I mean, we're already having our employee verification reports. You know, if people people will still have gussto accounts, they could still log in still see their gussto pay stub, which basically would just show the similar information in a different format. But, but I would envision that we would just be giving them the employee verification as a as a pay stub to them.

Speaker 1  16:38
Well, okay, so if the thing that the employee verification report does not do, and maybe, okay, does not show. Okay, most employees? Well, I think all employees, not all employees currently are using this by verification report, most of them are but not, but everyone's seeing the pay stub where they can see like year to date earnings, and their actual net pay, which is important. So are you thinking the fact that we could consolidate that information, potentially consolidate that information on to the BI verification report? I mean, if we could, that would be that would be best of what I was envisioning. We're going to continue having that and also the actual paste of the chose the withholdings, the net pay numbers, the most thing is the net pay.

Matthias Miller  17:51
We would have all that information. I mean, we will have all that information. We're going to need all that information for for tax purposes. I mean, for accounting purposes. So I don't know. If it's just a matter of adding year to date amount. I don't see that being a

Speaker 2  18:18
as you're saying you could just if we bring everything over to CES, we could we could put all the withholdings on that employee verification paper Yeah.

Speaker 1  18:36
We're duplicating a bunch of information. When is it? What what here's what I could do is I could go in and just like the fields that that are important to show on the employee verification and add those or would you rather I mean is there I think that would be ideal just having one pay stub like here's, here's the gross pay and how we got to you know, pay you 1476 49 And then there's your net pay and what you can pay year to date

Speaker 1  19:25
is that what what would be ideal Matthias that would like I think what I would do is I would spend some time and work with

Unknown Speaker  19:38
I put together a draft of binding the to reviewing with nominees making sure that not missing anything and then come back to you with a draft

Speaker 1  19:53
yet, can we do reconfigure the employee verification report to include on These polling numbers and the net pay and stuff like that.

Matthias Miller  20:09
Think that sounds good.

Speaker 1  20:13
Okay, well that's I mean, is that are we talking a ton of work or is I mean if we are I would be inclined to say well let's just see what gusto produces and just or we do payroll that's part of the process somebody goes into into gusto and also prints out those stubs was sent those alone out

Matthias Miller  20:40
I don't think I don't see it as a ton of work. Like I said, we're gonna have to store most of this information anyway. So well, I

Speaker 1  20:55
like it. I will bind those in draft to you. It'll take me a little bit of time but I would mean what when would you like to have this?

Matthias Miller  21:07
Well, I won't be ready for it until after probably until after we got some data in the system or at least until after Josh's his tie outs done. I would think I don't see a big urgency on it and

Speaker 1  21:18
you're thinking two weeks end of October? Yeah. Yes, good.

Matthias Miller  21:31
So the answers the paste have been created in this this was discussed. answers the question of how the stuffs pasted will look with production pool bonus But in answer to your question, it would look something like bonus like the bonus line on your QuickBooks pay stub except it would say production pool or something like that.

Speaker 1  21:51
Well Oh, but now that we're combining them we won't even show that

Matthias Miller  22:01
okay, this gets interesting because we need to handle we need to represent overtime appropriately.

Matthias Miller  22:20
Are we sure we don't want to processing in a good

Speaker 1  22:25
is the challenge that gussto can also not automatically update weekly changing hourly rates or whatever.

Matthias Miller  22:36
No, we could do that. I think so. We would have to

Speaker 1  22:48
we just have to bring the hourly rate across from assist every week. So you know, this week this employee gets paid 3950 An hour next week he's paid 35 50x He gets paid 4175 was that's what you were told that QuickBooks could do that but I couldn't

Speaker 2  23:11
write and I had a I had a second response from their customer service group. There wasn't any more helpful that was the first but also in response to your thing about over time like volunteer at the pool bonus is truly not if it's truly a bonus then it does not matter as far as overtime goes. Overtime is based on the base pay now I think the way you have configured it is not truly a separate bonus like it's a it's their way of figuring out what the hourly rate is I suppose so

Unknown Speaker  24:06
yeah, it is

Matthias Miller  24:08
yeah. Let me let me see updating an employee and lesson name that's sation update the compensation jobs

Matthias Miller  24:40
maybe that's what I'm missing. See if I can

Matthias Miller  24:56
think I might be thinking about compensation. Wrong. So we've got sensation

Unknown Speaker  25:16
as the font

Matthias Miller  25:22
got it? Okay. No, the Yeah, we could only need to do do a little bit more research. But basically, we've, every week, we would update all the employees and update their hourly rate to that week's their hourly rate for that week. And then run payroll and change their and so we would end up with over over the years, hundreds of compensation changes

Speaker 2  26:08
I think what we're getting here, Mark is that you just have a really strange system.

Unknown Speaker  26:16
Well, it's yeah, that is true. I like to think that it's the

Speaker 1  26:23
simplicity on the other side of complexity thing where it actually works like, really well, from a for business process and for the employees is because of, and it checks all the boxes as far as being legal and legit. Or it had not. Thanks to Matthias questioning some of those we dug pretty deep and I have something that is it but yeah, that.

Unknown Speaker  27:01
Yeah, it does. It is.

Speaker 2  27:05
Yeah, no, I mean, if it works, that's great. That's just not what your box produced. Programs are

Matthias Miller  27:14
expected. Exactly. Okay. So we attached pay stub. So using the attached pay stub, you would have a what is the employer portion of the attached pay stub?

Unknown Speaker  27:52
Well, we don't know. Because we don't show that here.

Matthias Miller  27:57
So let's make up a number $100. Thing.

Speaker 1  27:58
Good. You're saying in addition to the 1476? Like, right, right, you're saying we've got the employer portion is that we have to pay the federal is 110. And for Ohio is 4214? We don't, right, you're talking about what's not listed here. Right. So let's say $100.

Matthias Miller  28:23
Sure, if you ran this, if you had gussto, just for this employee, well, first of all, once a month, whatever, based on your signup date, you would be paying them about $46 a month just to use the software, completely independent of the pay stub, and then you go to pay Eli and on I think about two days before he gets paid somewhere in there, then it would it would have one transaction pulling 1476 49 out of your bank account that would get passed on to him normally. Now, in our case, I think as far as I, as far as I know, we're going to tell them, You're not doing direct deposit, we're quote writing checks. Ie we'll we'll do the ACH ourselves. So nothing would happen. You know, in in our case, in actuality, nothing would happen with a 1476 49 we would take care of that ACH transfer. And then it would it would. So let's say that the employer portion is $100. So it would then withdraw $252.14. And I don't know exactly what happens with that. I think it gets put in some kind of a let me you know, do they have some kind of Escrow style account or something that that sits in until they actually have to pay the government or does that go to the government right away or what happens after that point is Bit of a black box, but that's how your taxes would then get handled. So you would so, but then realistically, if you had Eli and John and and then it would withdraw, you know $504.28 If they have exactly the same paychecks. And they'd have a single transaction for all of the all of the liabilities for everybody who's getting paid that at that point.

Speaker 1  30:38
Okay, so again starting to understand so if I think about the transactions here first, so gussto sees 1476 49 and says, Intel's assist, your net pay amount is 1324 35. And goes to things Assist is going to write a check, then assist where you're going to connect the API's Assist is going to payout 1324 35 to the employee.

Speaker 1  31:25
But gussto also says like in this case, $252.14 gussto says I need to pay the government $252.14. So I'm taking that out of your bank account. BHP for payroll, nevermind that it's not do the government yet, but I'm going to take it out of your bank account. And I'll put it in my vault and just make sure the government is paid. Like once a month or whenever that and we Okay, so that. Okay, when does when does gusto when does gussto Take the withholdings out of our bank account? Is it two days before payroll or something like that?

Matthias Miller  32:16
Yeah, it's something like that. It's okay.

Unknown Speaker  32:20
We never we never have we technically never have any accrued payroll tax liabilities sitting on our balance sheet. That is correct. That seems kind of I mean, it seems pretty clean and cut and dried in a sense.

Speaker 1  32:50
really stingy person could say, well, taking the money and probably earning interest on it until they pay the government and then I can use it in that time. But But I mean, from an accounting perspective, it was that true.

Speaker 2  33:07
You don't have enough employees for that to be very helpful here. You know, if you had to, if you had 200 employees, it would definitely be a thing to consider that.

Speaker 1  33:24
Okay, so I think I understand that. The okay, what would be most helpful for me is if we could Brian write out the debits and credits that would happen from they Okay, Monday morning. Well, by end of day Tuesday, we finalized let's just use this attach is that we said by end of day Tuesday, we said okay, we're gonna pay him 1476 49 For the week, we're going to pass that information to gussto What what are the if we write out the transactions, what are the transactions that happen? I mean, I think everything all the transactions would happen between Tuesday and then Friday when he's actually paid money goes into his bank account.

Matthias Miller  34:18
Yeah, so we would have when we initiate the ACH to him, you would have a credit you would decrease the bank account and increase the

Unknown Speaker  34:30
by the moment right

Matthias Miller  34:34
by the net amount.

Speaker 1  34:37
So we're gonna have a checking. Checking credit. Yeah, credit would be 1324 35. This let's keep going. And then graduate. decking is credited 1325. And then in our case, assuming this is a production employee of the FTI, the asset FDI, production labor would be would be debited. By the same amount, I mean, typically this would go directly to an expense account.

Speaker 1  35:28
But if this were a production employee, we would post it into like the finished goods. Production labor, right as a debit.

Speaker 1  35:39
So 1324 35 Okay. Okay, and these, this would be, say this. Well, if we're using the attached if we considered this week, this would be n six is when these two transactions would. But then and four, believe, on Wednesday. Go ahead. And as I was like, what would the other transactions be? Like if we have $100 employer portion?

Matthias Miller  36:20
Well, then we would have a, your bank would have another credit of we don't know what is what is federal to state? So you would you would have a credit to your bank of 252 14.

Matthias Miller  36:44
And then whatever account that goes into, is that also indirect labor is where does that

Speaker 2  36:53
payroll taxes insurance? Okay, now, Mark, was that going to include both company and employee? portions?

Speaker 1  37:11
I cannot remember for sure, I know we had talked about this, some of them. So we have in production labor. We have I know what we had planned to do, but I don't know that this is was we had planned to put the company portion into payroll taxes and insurance. And the employer portion which, okay, the employee portion, plus the net pay will always total up to the gross pay. Right. Good point.

Speaker 2  37:43
Yeah. That's, that's the way it should be. But I was just thinking for some reason. We had talked about doing it differently.

Speaker 1  37:53
But I think we had said, this was back when I was thinking about it quite differently, though. But we, we'd said, rows, labor goes, goes to direct labor. And then any employer portion goes to payroll taxes.

Unknown Speaker  38:17
Yeah. I think I mean, if we have a good way of doing that, I would still or that. So if that were the case, here, we would say FDI.

Speaker 1  38:29
It should say it was the FDI. Production labor will post 152 will debit 150 to 14, and then we'll debit another 100 to FTI. duction labor or payroll taxes and insurance. I didn't quite there. Baggy, the production. I have this first one wrong. The first one should say FGI. Production labor slash direct labor. And then the $100 would be FGI slash production labor slash payroll taxes. Now, is that okay, that the thought with that was that when we look in our direct labor account, we can see truly what our gross wage was. And then they were all taxes and insurance is anything additional on the gross pay that?

Unknown Speaker  39:39
Yeah, that's great. But does that create a lot of it? Does that create a lot of are you going to have the employer and employee holding separated? You have to do a bunch of math and magic But those out

Matthias Miller  40:06
I missed how obvious I can render us minus net and pretty sure we should be able to pull off that calculation.

Unknown Speaker  40:14
If God doesn't read it,

Matthias Miller  40:17
they won't tell us it'll, it'll just tell us what the total liability was. But, but calculating the splitting that portion out is very simple.

Unknown Speaker  40:27
Okay. So I'm gonna send you my scribbles here. Just to me.

Matthias Miller  40:33
Here. I've actually got a copy here as well, that.

Speaker 1  40:40
Okay, something that well, if you typed it up, and so I'm sure everyone can read it.

Matthias Miller  40:55
Yeah, like it, that's clarifying.

Speaker 1  41:00
Are you going to send out your example? So we have? Yeah, I think we're all thinking.

Matthias Miller  41:06
Give it 20 seconds

Speaker 1  41:15
should be called when this is when this is set up. Like, once everything's set up. And we're, you envision that running payroll, you don't even have to go over to the gusto site, you just, you'll be able to run payroll entirely from the assist site. Yes. The only time you'd have to go into gussto is when you add a new employee,

Matthias Miller  41:42
or direct

Speaker 1  41:45
or want to okay, and you could also get all kinds of reports out of gussto that wanted to break down. State, so, all the different you could get all kinds of reporting. Okay. So,

Matthias Miller  42:03
state liability and all that. Yeah.

Speaker 1  42:09
Like, how do we, I mean, this is kind of a silly question, maybe but how do we know that? How will we know that the state's being paid? Right? Like well,

Speaker 2  42:26
just being able to have login information for your actual employer accounts with the state and be able to check it that way.

Unknown Speaker  42:40
That's fair, you're gonna have to

Speaker 2  42:41
trust gussto that they are calculating correctly but but you can see that you're paid up according to what they say you are.

Speaker 1  42:51
But they so if we were to be audited and you know, like, I want to you know, auditor says you're not paying state or federal Busto we could go into gussto and like if how's that going to work? So in doing

Matthias Miller  43:20
gussto will also give you the forms that they that they filed as well. I could see of that. Let me let me log into my account and see if that would include

Matthias Miller  43:43
let's see company documents

Matthias Miller  44:00
let me see if I got a part time employee for now it's a different one. Next company

Matthias Miller  44:17
these are not tax documents. Let's do taxes and compliance tax documents. Aha. These are all 940 ones. So I can pull in. I can log in I can see all the 940 ones for the Federal let me pull

Matthias Miller  44:47
and, you know, here is a state I'm going to like New York. The New York forum and it shows total payment due on that form. Let's see, do they take a look at tax credits? Tax? Compliance? I don't know that they have anything specifically around the payments specifically agency bank transactions federal tax documents tax tax reconciliation

Speaker 1  45:40
but what am I correct that? I mean, it seems to me like this would be like a breath of fresh air for the accountant to put in the right information gussto going to take care of

Unknown Speaker  45:56
being all the deadlines and sending in right amounts to the state and federal to all the different no longer have to even think about that or worry about that, or is that?

Matthias Miller  46:13
That is That is correct. There have been a few times over the past, there are a few things like there's the workers comp, integration, I've never used it, I've always done my workers comp independently. So that's managed independently. That's why I've done it, I don't know that you have to do it the same way. I don't really know what it takes it to integrate. There are actually some situations within the past six months where somehow I don't know if gussto failed to submit payments or if things got lost with the state or something like that. But there was some some notices that got mailed out because of missing like missing payments. It's the first time I had happened in I don't know quite a few years and so they they covered the penalties and and right as I recall, there were penalties.

Speaker 1  47:13
So you've been you've been using gussto for code house for a number of years already.

Matthias Miller  47:21
At least I'm gonna say at least five or six

Unknown Speaker  47:25
okay

Matthias Miller  47:28
probably about six actually

Speaker 1  47:31
been through water I mean you're you're used to paying in domain to taking care of all of that stuff manually does that like how much what's your you know?

Speaker 2  47:45
Yeah, I don't know. I mean, it's just work the state does sometimes get stuff not applied correctly and whatnot all and send out notices that they're going to confiscate all your stuff and you know, just a fight with them to get them to recognize it and yeah, I mean, I figure it it works great. I mean, if you have a good system for doing it, it's not it's not a big deal either. But for somebody looking at business management Yeah, I could see it definitely being a convenient way to go to to not need to worry about making those filings so

Speaker 1  48:36
I like it, I mean, yeah. Your your debits and credits match perfectly to what I have. But jot it down so yeah. Good.

Matthias Miller  48:55
So for 183 accurate accrued payroll taxes liability account, which we talked about, payments will be made we talked about payments are made dealers in the sales reps. So is there a split between w two and 1099?

Unknown Speaker  49:20
Yeah, we do have there are some of the

Matthias Miller  49:28
so I think what we would

Matthias Miller  49:37
somebody that feels like every time you turn around, there's one little nuance that's gonna get you into trouble.

Speaker 1  49:44
Well, I don't know about the last part there. Well, okay, W twos we want to handle those correctly. You know, starting out if the 1099 thing is a big deal. Seeing takes a lot of development and a lot of you have to worry about doing that for now.

Matthias Miller  50:11
Well, I don't know, once again, I don't know that it's do you want those handled?

Matthias Miller  50:39
Is there a reason you would not want to treat them as vendors?

Speaker 1  50:48
Well, I don't know the last part there most of these most, pretty much all of the 10 a nine subcontractors. I mean, here, I'm seeing dealers and sales reps, they're all paid weekly. If there are commissions, or some of them are late amount plus commission, but most they're all paid weekly. But then we also have sub shops that are also subcontractors and they no we built, partially built for that in payroll module, the benefit to them being paid to anybody being so we have a number of we have some dealers that are 1090, nines, we have sub shops that are 1090 nines that are building buildings. And then we also have a handful of demand type people that are 1090 nines that I don't know how many I think there's

Speaker 1  51:52
what is what is the threshold? Like if you do in there a certain dollar amount if you pay somebody a certain amount for doing work or doing services for you in a year? I'm a 1099.

Unknown Speaker  52:08
Yeah, it's $600.

Speaker 1  52:13
So even like a taxi driver, more than $100 becomes a 1099. Yeah. But like, we don't want to try and channel that to hear obviously not do we?

Speaker 2  52:30
I don't think so I think you'd be better off with with using a 1099 service. I mean, if you're actually going to, I mean, I know a lot of people don't send out to 90 nines, but if you at least had a majority, then if you ever get audited, it's a good, you know, no, go by the majority. But if even if you didn't hit them all, it's good for you.

Speaker 1  53:02
Even Even, like a dealer or a sub shop that we pay consistently every week, not trying to not try and run those payroll module would be cleanest.

Speaker 2  53:21
Well, are you? Are you wanting to run them through there so that your 10 nines can be generated? Or? Or what's the what's the thing for why you want to run them that way.

Speaker 1  53:35
The biggest Why would just be to have it on a schedule when you're on payroll, you also pay your tenant and

Matthias Miller  53:43
the way I would set it up is somehow have it configured so that when you run payroll that we issue we push all the W twos to gussto and then we automatically create and approve and schedule for payment vendor invoices for for a tenant for pretend anytime, folks.

Speaker 1  54:08
Oh, you'd have you create some process and assist that. Auto generates a weekly like the sub sub shops maybe, you know, look at their production and how they're paid and then just auto generate an invoice for them. Yeah. Good. So that means we won't even mess with 1099 at all in payroll module or gussto.

Matthias Miller  54:38
Well okay, for some shops, how do those numbers those numbers don't get calculated? Or do those numbers get calculated in the payroll module? What they get the road?

Speaker 1  54:51
No, but it's pretty straight. No, but it's pretty straightforward. It's it's their production times a percentage of

Matthias Miller  55:00
that that needs to be made. We make a note. So this is in,

Speaker 1  55:09
but that that's something that doesn't need to happen this year because most of the sub shops are sending in a copy of their weekly Bill sheet from USCIS showing their production and writing down like their percentage and sometimes they add that charge to it. Eat on it. So that could go a long time before I'm not sure that that even

Matthias Miller  55:41
leads to Okay, what about sales reps?

Matthias Miller  55:52
Use you said you do have some as w two

Unknown Speaker  56:00
w two in some in any names? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  56:06
So for the W two. And I wonder Can we I mean, do you want to process there were beginning of every week you generate timecards for the W two employees with their commission with a commission item on it for what they're owed. And vendor invoices for the rest are how do you want that.

Speaker 1  56:40
We we could Okay, on the W TOS the the attached Floyd Mala is exactly that a W two employee with a weekly salary of 1500. Then his commission is currently being calculated in Dwayne's office. Something that eventually we want to calculate commissions in assists. But it gets complicated, where it's what happens right now is just waiting, they have a node that whenever you run hero, you look at patient spreadsheet, wipe them all out and say, okay, he's paid this amount of commissions this week, enter that as a commission rate, a payroll item. And, and that that can be that sustainable for quite some time.

Matthias Miller  57:40
All right, and then as far as the rest of the folks paying them,

Unknown Speaker  57:48
anything that needs to happen at night?

Matthias Miller  57:51
Yeah, there's anything that needs to happen with them.

Speaker 1  57:56
But I feel like I should do a little bit more research on how many do we have? What's the pair arrangement? How's it been done now? And then we should read? That Are you thinking you would possibly do that through Costco, or just

Matthias Miller  58:17
I would, I would not do tend to any nicer gussto You're gonna pay six to 12 bucks a person per month to do that. And that's completely unnecessary. It's there. 1099 I mean, and we've got ACH transfers, and we'll automate the forms at the end of the year. So I just think it's a waste. Good. Okay, so I will wait for them to hear from you.

Matthias Miller  58:59
Alright, reimbursements Good. Glad to hear so pay right instead of friendship do

Speaker 1  59:05
a clause on that reimbursements that for now, yes. Just agree. But long term we want to this came up several instances came up like how do we what is the correct way to handle reimbursements? And

Unknown Speaker  59:28
both practically speaking and also from a what's legal but I think that's something that at some point, have to look at some existing situations and determine how we want to handle that permanent business process for that. So whatever that's worth,

Matthias Miller  59:56
well, so gusto has Think specific, has specific capabilities to handle reimbursements? I don't, I don't know that it would be, I think it would be minimal additional work to add support reimbursements. So that you guys could just start using it whenever you figure out what your business process is, it would basically be a year then basically have a payroll item of type reimbursement. And and those would not be those are not be taxed.

Matthias Miller  1:00:36
Well, now, there's a little bit because it's non taxable, we take that into account elsewhere. Okay, nevermind. I'm happy waiting.

Speaker 2  1:00:46
Okay, good. Well, Mark, I would say that, I mean, personally, my thought on it would be, it's going to be the cleanest and simplest to just treat them outside as, as vendors, regardless of whether they are employees or not, you know, you're essentially you're buying something from them as a business. So they're a vendor URL doesn't make any difference whether or not they're also employed. The reason why it's cleaner is just because on the employee side of things, it just makes it makes your whole employee checks and tax stuff, all that just cleaner, just less to worry about getting mixed up in there. So

Speaker 1  1:01:43
but then you have if you just pay them as a vendor outside, then, I mean, they could soon an employee could soon end up with a 1099. You know, it's beyond $600 and show income of $1,000. And then.

Speaker 2  1:01:58
Yeah, right. I mean, technically, that's the employees problem, he should turn in something to show that that was, you know, a like you're gonna you can put this as a reimbursement payment. But, you know, so that you're indicating that it's not an income payment, it's a reimbursement payment, but the employees should also be able to, to come up with the documentation that he did legitimately spend that money to be reimbursed.

Speaker 1  1:02:38
Admin provide that when he goes to file taxes, he needs to provide that so he's not taxed on it. Right?

Speaker 2  1:02:44
Right, he should have both. Like, you are telling him that this is a reimbursement and he has a receipt for you know, the thing that was reimbursed, because if he can't prove that he spent the money doesn't really matter, if you write this reimbursement on his check, like you know, it kind of takes both that the employee has some responsibility to make sure that he has that if he wants to prove that it's reimbursement and not an income. So just putting it on the paycheck doesn't necessarily make that proof. So but yeah, whatever.

Speaker 1  1:03:36
Well, I agree. I want to show you some examples next, whenever we get some time and you can, you can tell us how, yeah, advise how we should handle that but agree.

Matthias Miller  1:03:50
Good, okay. So as far as the payroll items, I'm going to add a configure payroll Items menu option, because we need to be able to distinguish on the multiple bonuses, we got multiple or one commission, and I need to differentiate on the on the back end, whether it's a bonus or commission. So it's a minor detail, but it doesn't really affect you guys, but just so we know how to push this stuff across into gussto.

Speaker 1  1:04:24
What are you What are you adding on? I think right now we have four different payroll items like what are you adding to those?

Matthias Miller  1:04:32
I'm moving them into a separate table so that you so you have a payroll item name and a payroll item type. And the payroll item type is either bonus or commission. Okay, so that way we can group that way we know when we're pushing these across into into gussto. How, how they should be handled.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:58
Okay, so gussto needs to know whether it's a Bonus or commission? Correct?

Matthias Miller  1:05:08
Well, yeah, I mean, I guess it I guess it does. I mean, we could just call it additional payroll items and just have a custom. I don't know. I was assuming to be clean as to split it apart. gussto thinks about it like that. But yeah, yeah. Okay, so number seven, based on our example. It's actually the employee II portion, we go to the same deal, okay. No, nevermind.

Matthias Miller  1:05:49
Okay, the employee, the employer portion, okay, the employee portion is included in the gross, the employer portion needs to be configurable on a per employee. basis.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:09
Yes.

Matthias Miller  1:06:12
Now, are we we are not handling production percentages and how we're splitting these apart? Are we?

Speaker 1  1:06:25
No more we thought was Go ahead. Okay, the thought was that just from gross pay standpoint, we'll have default GL accounts. And we'll say this guy is is what do we have, like in the attached example, is production labor, direct labor. So he's always going to be that unless the odd time and you know, this is only for the diligent manager, that's going to say, Well, I'm being payroll, but he's actually, three days of this week he actually worked in in he went with a haul or to Arkansas, it's working in logistics for three days. So I'm going to

Speaker 1  1:07:22
okay, you know, I was envisioning that it would be you'd have a default account. And that's what would show up, but then you could also you could add, I don't think we want to, you would have the option to add a second. You know, I think everything goes to the default account. But if you want to change that, if an employee changes roles, he moves from a project employee to a sales manager or sales, then you change the default. If it's a one time thing, or one week or a couple of three days. Ideally, you would have a enter a secondary GL Account along with the percentage so if you were three days in, in just takes one week, you put in logistics and 60%, which would just channel 60% of that, or if he worked all week and logistics, then logistics 100% was my it was kind of how I had envisioned it from a

Unknown Speaker  1:08:42
level from rose pay. That brings up some other payroll taxes. thing. I would be okay, let's talk about just the gross pay fors. Is that what I just described it? It makes sense. And is it practically impossible?

Matthias Miller  1:09:13
Yes. So we would have a default. For an employee, each employee, you'd have a default gross pay and employer portion account on the timecard we would have a GL Account breakdown by percentage defaulting to 100%. And then you could assign those percentages and then we would further break that down into what is the actual dollar value? That's

Matthias Miller  1:09:47
yeah, what is the what is the actual dollar value for that? Based on the calculation based on what gross pay came came out to you and based on what employer portion came out to Just for visibility, and then that's what would then get pushed across into into accounting. So it's well

Speaker 1  1:10:14
on the Okay, on the payroll verification report, I don't think that we even need to show dollar amounts like the company, the company verification report, somehow, we probably need to add that to the breakdown where it shows all the employees by facing pool facing nonpolar piece of information somewhere that we just need to show. Default for each employee well, maybe just in the header, say default, old account, whatever, and then have a second box where you second and third box, the second box for a secondary yellow icon and you want to use for the secondary or the.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:30
Apply those persons

Speaker 2  1:11:37
are used to thinking that the goods will have one GL account for all employer taxes. The employee patient portions gets split into direct and indirect along you know, because it's part of their gross pay. So those are split and we have two GL accounts for that. But we only have one GL account for employer portions.

Speaker 1  1:12:07
Wow. Don't we have? Don't we have in? In our expenses also have? So in sales, we also have sales expenses. And then we have payroll taxes and insurance for anyone. Anyone that's in sales?

Speaker 2  1:12:22
Yes, yes. For those for those we do. So you're saying production, whether it be direct or indirect goes to one. We split out for sales, we split out for administration and so on. Okay.

Speaker 1  1:12:42
Well, I Yeah, we I think so. And that, that, or the employer portion goes is also technically in the default setting. So when you change, somebody moves, and somebody goes from production moves from production to sales, then you also need to change his or the employer portion. Because you also need to change that to payroll taxes and insurance in in sales. But if you're, if you're just adjusting for a week or two, I don't think you ever want to mess with that. I don't think that's right, right.

Matthias Miller  1:13:34
So you would, you're saying you would set the employer, the employer, the employer portion would be set on the employee but you couldn't override that on a weekly basis?

Unknown Speaker  1:13:48
No, I think we're I think it's worth it and I don't think it's use it anyway.

Speaker 2  1:13:59
If somebody did both consistently, you can maybe set a percentage one way or the other.

Speaker 1  1:14:07
But I would suggest we just I just have that set as a default and it just always goes there until the employee changes roles and then somebody would just have to remember to change that default

Matthias Miller  1:14:34
Well

Matthias Miller  1:14:44
that takes us to the end.

Speaker 1  1:14:54
Good, so knowing what you know now and what we We've covered Matthias what what's your expectation on timeframe and implement patient

Matthias Miller  1:15:29
I think we have most of the pieces I mean I'm pretty close to being able to hand it off Josh actually

Matthias Miller  1:15:47
I don't know

Matthias Miller  1:15:53
did you have a chance to Ben get those verification reports over to you, Mark?

Unknown Speaker  1:15:59
He did I started looking at them all here trying to see

Unknown Speaker  1:16:16
it um

Unknown Speaker  1:16:22
I don't have words from the actual system to compare against, but like on the on the employee verification report might correct that nothing changes there.

Matthias Miller  1:16:39
There's another line item for payroll deductions. No, wait. No, there's not. Employee verification. Let me take a look.

Speaker 1  1:16:55
I'm looking at what what Ben had sent. I don't think he sent it to Drew I think if if you don't mind at all, also. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, he did. So I'm looking at the employee verification for eight six and looking at

Unknown Speaker  1:17:27
Norman Lehmann.

Speaker 1  1:17:42
Okay, I look at the Norman Lehmann. I see transport is where I was used to seeing bonus but under the hood might probably have that as a separate field. So if there was a bonus, it would like report looks the same but assists thinks about it differently. Is that right?

Matthias Miller  1:18:00
That is correct. You're correct. There's no other real change visible and distributed.

Speaker 1  1:18:06
Okay, and then also on you, you've obviously added payroll deductions to company overview.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:23
places there. The company overview. I forget what that's called. Yeah, one of the reports that you also sent

Matthias Miller  1:18:38
see, the owner under payroll verification and the company payroll verification overview.

Speaker 1  1:18:45
Yeah, there's a line item that's added payroll deductions. And then there's also a total payroll deductions showing.

Matthias Miller  1:18:58
Yeah, and this is getting a little nitpicky. I wasn't sure exactly when we want to show this as negative amounts

Unknown Speaker  1:19:06
get so

Matthias Miller  1:19:15
like on the on the payroll overview I thought we were so the work orders is negative amounts it's zero

Matthias Miller  1:19:31
this one that this is because it's For Adam was going to shed time. Time we have a breakdown of now that's an hourly rate deduction, payroll deductions. $96 fine.

Matthias Miller  1:20:00
yeah like on The Shed time on the overview and the second page for shutdown versus pool payroll Nanpu payroll and pay stub information payroll deductions there is not negative should it be

Speaker 1  1:20:19
strong opinions in minutes it's negative on the employee verification report so I would probably if it's just as easy to do one or the other I probably to a negative on that the payroll deductions column and then also on the is it the overview where you have a transport payroll deductions and show it as a negative but they're they're all showing negative on all three reports but that that's fine

Speaker 1  1:21:17
yeah, I mean, I think everything that you're saying correctly looks good there.

Matthias Miller  1:21:30
I mean, one other thing on this time thing that comes from the review, right? On our payroll owner payroll deductions are not included in that top table where it says enter salary, owner payroll items.

Matthias Miller  1:22:13
Might be worth taking a look at. Okay, well, I can. Sounds good. We can change that. And I'll message Josh see if we can get the update because there's a lot of stuff coming across. Yeah. Anything else?

Speaker 1  1:22:37
On how are we going to tie in raw materials to pay the balance sheet and make all that tie out? I talked with Larry about it yesterday and I don't I'm really excited with but through the clutter and helped me see that clearly. And I think it worked really well. I don't think we I think it's just a business process. I don't think we need any additional development. But I want to put that example together. Send it over right. I would have it today probably won't get it over today anymore but happy with

Unknown Speaker  1:23:28
we can use that

Speaker 1  1:23:35
but then that how we record payments. I started working on that and I I talked with Dwayne and Leanne about payments for payments are the process for rent own and to financing companies were using. I hope to have that by Wednesday. Anything else? That's good. That's kind of what I have.

Speaker 1  1:24:24
Oh, there was one other thing that just are we I'm sure we are. But question whereas when we went through some of the stuff we've done so far is are we able to create a report that says I want to look at all the production on a look at all the transactions posted to this specific payroll taxes FDI production labor payroll taxes. I want to look at all the expense, all the transactions made to this account from start date the end date from January one to both 31. That's that can be helpful if you have something where something just looks odd. How to fill in? I mean that's something that we have currently are I'm sure if not it's easy to

Matthias Miller  1:25:32
Yeah, we I mean, we didn't have a way way to search transactions based on based on account if there's ever not enough visibility into what you're getting there it's having that isn't Yeah, isn't a deal

Unknown Speaker  1:25:58
then you can you do start and end dates to or you could

Matthias Miller  1:26:04
now it started certain dates. Let me see what all it is it's we got can search by transaction ID, you can search by ones linked to an asset, you can search for a range, certain account types, all transactions for, you know, asset liability, equity, revenue expense, one or multiple accounts. Status, which was sorry, classes, which we're not using status draft posted or avoided. We can search text within it, like reference numbers, and you can search for specific contacts.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:44
So all of the above and then some.

Matthias Miller  1:26:47
Yeah. And if there's not enough toppings on the supreme pizza, we can always add more.

Speaker 1  1:26:59
Good. I just are talking here. I scribbled up a like where are we going to show the GL account information for people production manager, whoever signing off on payroll information and work but when you this is what would be ideal, I'm not sure that we can fit all of it onto one. If we can fit it all on one page. Great, we just have to

Matthias Miller  1:27:30
what I would like to do for the GL account is have a separate page on the company overview that is the employee and the press the employee and the gross pay and the GL Account and then a column for you know, maybe a blank column for percentage. And then the primary GL Account second column for the second percentage and the second GL account. I just think by the time you that seems to me to be the most intuitive way to let people fill it in otherwise

Speaker 1  1:28:04
I don't know. Yeah. Agree. So yeah, once you have that just yeah, a lot of exciting changes coming so you have what you need on your side are the things that I have are the the draft of a wave verification report where we're combining the necessary information from the pay stub like net paid year to date numbers and clarify the 1099.

Matthias Miller  1:28:48
And I will

Speaker 1  1:28:49
just on knowing what we know now the gusto that does it look like we're able to use the $40 a month version of gusto will be the 80 $40 for

Matthias Miller  1:29:06
everybody but North Carolina

Unknown Speaker  1:29:11
all because they have multi state

Matthias Miller  1:29:14
by state unless they want to have a vendor relationship with somebody in North Carolina who wants to it's all the same so nevermind.

Speaker 1  1:29:27
So, so if it's that's probably an easy upgrade. If we run into that say in Ohio, we've we have somebody in New York that wherever an employee was upgrading to the like the premium version, the $80 a month version is an easy upgrade if there's a potential that Ohio may some point have an employee in New York and upgrading to that would be So, when that happens, that would be easy, right? It's not something I need to worry about now.

Matthias Miller  1:30:04
No, there's no it's. Yeah. They they don't mind taking more money. And I mean, downgrades aren't hard either. So you just got to clear out the employee but yeah. Yep. Easy switch.

Speaker 1  1:30:22
is thinking about this gussto thing like how, how easy it is to add on write those numbers down? That's, it's $40 a month plus. It takes her you. Yeah. $6 per employee, but then North Carolina's ad? Was, Is that employee amount also more?

Matthias Miller  1:30:48
Yeah. And then it's at plus 12. For North Carolina.

Speaker 1  1:30:53
The The other thing that like, I mean, it sounds really, really like to just have got to take care of all of that. Could tax Charles. So do the filings automatically for us on the sales tax side, if we, if we went with their premium?

Matthias Miller  1:31:12
I think it's another case of we need to get our act together a little bit better. And how we're, we're only using it for calculation. So we need to make sure that it stays in sync with assist. So, so the very short answer is? Well, I mean, as long as they offer that service, I mean, they do, don't they?

Unknown Speaker  1:31:42
I believe so. Yeah, I just yeah, what filing we would all mean

Matthias Miller  1:31:49
Yeah, exactly. Yes, it does. So the short answer is yes. What would it take to get there? Well, whatever it takes for us to get to payroll and all this other stuff. And you know, it's basically cleaning up our act internally and making sure that things are typed out correctly.

Unknown Speaker  1:32:10
Yeah. Good.

Speaker 1  1:32:19
Felt really productive to me. I feel like we've got good answers, solid plan moving forward. And by that there was one other thing on when gussto So from now, through the end of the year, we're going to continue paying just are now just hitting Whitney numbers and pay out of QuickBooks.

Speaker 1  1:32:46
Think that impacts this, but I mean, we're basically just gonna get go ahead and get everything set up and do some trial runs. But then the only thing we okay, we obviously have to test and do some trial runs, make sure it's working. So we're ready to go.

Unknown Speaker  1:33:05
Every one, but we when we do trial runs, we just have to make sure that gussto Doesn't flat out a rink account at the state for a trial run. You've thought about that.

Matthias Miller  1:33:22
They've got demo companies we can use if we want to go down that route. Or if

Unknown Speaker  1:33:31
yeah

Matthias Miller  1:33:38
yeah, we'll just we'll just have to pulling it out with demo companies perhaps and then just all hands on deck when we go live that would be an option or another option would be requiring a final approval process to literally issue the ACH is not sure.

Matthias Miller  1:34:05
I thought that pal

Speaker 1  1:34:10
Oh, would you like? Well, okay, so we're also finalizing payroll. Like, could that be part of finalized payroll you also issue? No, no, I don't. I think it should be two separate steps because people finalizing payroll. Like we're setting up for invoices. And the people in Dwayne's office are doing Accounts Payable up to the point where an invoice is ready to be paid but then issuing the invoice is going to be done by by the account on the other side. I think payroll should be the same way as putting it properly. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:35:01
Something to think about is when you send the payroll verification stubs out to the to the shops. Do you want that view? Should we? Do we need to pre calculate taxes? Or can we wait to calculate taxes until we actually go to pay?

Speaker 1  1:35:32
I think, wait until we actually go to pay. So what would happen then? If I'm correct is we'd get the stubs, the net pay? mounts, would all we would get to whoever's reviewing them would get those, the pay stubs Tuesday, look at them, when they when they get those initially, there'll be no net pay amounts. And after it's been finalized, they go out again, and then we'll have net pay. Right? Yeah, that is correct. I mean, the person reviewing them is going to only going to those pay.

Unknown Speaker  1:36:18
I mean, I think it would be ideal if we could do some test runs. Information is all going to be there, once it's tied into gusto basically would want everything to happen other than actual transactions.

Matthias Miller  1:36:41
Right. I think when we have Josh do the integration, I'll have I mean, he can coordinate that test runs with you guys.

Unknown Speaker  1:36:55
Okay, and

Matthias Miller  1:36:57
here's the really cool thing about this. In the meantime, because we're adding fields for all of this. All this stuff we can. And because we're not literally tracking state versus federal federal liability, we could pretty easily give you a little report, either a little report. Well, I mean, it might not be that bad. To. If no, Drew, there would be an easy way to get a report of each paycheck. And either the employer Well, in the employer portion, we could test the push to accounting as if it were handled by gusto, ie expensing out these particular items.

Speaker 2  1:37:58
Yeah, I would think we could do that. We're just gonna want to make sure that gusto is not racking up liabilities for us that's

Matthias Miller  1:38:15
a good point.

Speaker 2  1:38:18
You know, because like if we're saying, even if it's trial run on our part, and we just were just, you know, journal out the stuff and never write checks and all that kind of thing. They're gonna they're gonna be reporting to the state or the federal that we owe people. So that they have some internal demo situation that's probably to be the way to go.

Matthias Miller  1:38:41
Good point. They do have a I was looking at this morning, they've got some kind of sample like you can set up your own test company and so yeah, that is the way to go.

Speaker 1  1:38:57
What setup just will drew need to do in gussto basically enter employee information Yeah, maybe we're talking about things that

Speaker 1  1:39:20
so what why would, what is the information that basically need our copy of every one of our W fours?

Matthias Miller  1:39:35
I'm, I'm gonna guess Yeah, that'd be four nines, probably. For all your employees, I think unless, unless they skip that if it's a historical work start date. I think good. You're

Speaker 2  1:39:53
gonna I mean, you're gonna need the information on this and also birth dates, that's kind of a new thing. W fours don't have birth dates on them, but anymore most states are requiring birth dates for different things. So yeah, I'll need all that, that information

Speaker 2  1:40:20
or, I mean, you won't necessarily be copies of all those files, I doubt unless they require that they have physical, I mean, like have some sort of photocopy or something of it. But as long as you have address and you know, all the information that needs to end up on the W two, eventually so social security numbers, etc

Unknown Speaker  1:40:50
Okay, I'll put that on our list to talk about introduce a weekend and information.

Speaker 2  1:41:00
So Matthias, you could you could hook it up with one of their test companies, their demo companies, we could run some stuff you know, and they're gonna say, Well, there's a demo company so this isn't legitimate and then all we need to do is just switch it to new real companies when we're actually in business. That's right.

Matthias Miller  1:41:20
And I think I should actually be able to let's see, do I see if I can actually log into this guy if I can and let me see if I could then give you access to the to that

Unknown Speaker  1:41:46
no

Matthias Miller  1:41:52
try this sir company be starting with portable barn

Speaker 1  1:42:04
probably shed time, most likely it's because smaller company and we started payroll module with first week that are using payroll module didn't pay their employees via analysts scheduled to start next week. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:42:27
Alright, setting up the company now let me see if I can.

Matthias Miller  1:42:40
That might take a little bit to generate.

Matthias Miller  1:42:47
Okay, well, I'll try setting one up for for set time I was having trouble logging into my other one. Possibly because they use duplicate email address, maybe try it with a different email address. And if I can, Drew I will give you access to that company than

Unknown Speaker  1:43:15
anything else you have frozen with us?

Matthias Miller  1:43:17
I think that about does it for a Friday afternoon.

Unknown Speaker  1:43:22
Good thing we started at one and not three.

Speaker 1  1:43:29
Good. Well, have a good weekend, both of you and we'll talk 181

Matthias Miller  1:43:40
All right. Sounds good. Thank you. Okay. Bye


Transcribed by https://otter.ai