Unknown Speaker  00:00
And

Speaker 1  00:01
now I got to do a follow up to this whole thing, because there's a lot more to it, this whole works versus grace thing adds an element of just a brand new dimension to how you build teams and how you interact with people. The function based the workspace mindset of people is really that well, first of all, it's kind of it's kind of the mindset that I grew up in. But it's, it comes from our partners Well, with the kind of the industrial age where people are cogs in a machine. And, you know, I think there's a level of, you know, economic poverty, or, or, you know, kind of the base economic status that we're at, where

Speaker 1  00:49
you enter into survival mode. And so you willingly become a cog in the machine, because that's what needs to happen. And, and it's as simple as some of it actually is, like this practical,

Unknown Speaker  01:04
poverty level kinds of stuff.

Unknown Speaker  01:06
But then part of it too, is this,

Speaker 1  01:09
just this poverty mindset that remains embedded no matter? You know, what's your, what's your economic level?

Speaker 1  01:16
So with this workspace mindset, it's all about how can people contribute? And, and it's, it's a, it's an outcome based, what what do they do that helps us move forward. And,

Unknown Speaker  01:31
and many times what ends up happening

Speaker 1  01:33
is that people get disconnected from their colleagues. And so as a result of that, people end up feeling used and manipulated, because

Speaker 1  01:45
because they're not functioning, and they're calling them and they know it, they know that they're, they're serving somebody else's calling, and there's something that's out of sync, but they might not actually have words for it. Now, the other interesting thing that that happens is that when you do this, and when you live like this, there is this,

Speaker 1  02:04
you end up communicating to them that

Speaker 1  02:08
their value is based on what they produce. And,

Speaker 1  02:12
and this obviously, is an incredibly demoralizing kind of position, and it ends up leading to burnout.

Speaker 1  02:19
And like, this is where some of the skills assessments and those things end up, I think it'd be very helpful, but they end up being limited, because, because when they're using the wrong kind of

Unknown Speaker  02:30
mindset and the wrong frame of mind,

Speaker 1  02:32
it absolutely is, it's absolutely destructive.

Unknown Speaker  02:37
Now, in a

Speaker 1  02:37
grace infused, hiring environment and leadership environment, it is less about it takes a whole different approach, because each person has an identity that they bring to the table, it's who they are, and, and that who they are, contributes to the culture of the company. And, and what they do is just a natural outflow of that, and you value people based on their identity. And based on their, their, for lack of a better word, their their intrinsic calling their intrinsic destiny, just they're just them just who they are at the core. And it goes back again, you see, you see people as an art, you see what you're doing as a tapestry. And, and,

Speaker 1  03:24
and you allow yourself to, to see people from their position of their greatest good. And you

Speaker 1  03:35
just another way of looking at it, this is it's the difference between looking at what people can do for you, versus looking at what the Creator has created them to do. Because the moment that you make that switch from, from what can you do for me, from a, from a human standpoint, to What has God created you to do that What has God created you to do? Turns that person from a cog in a machine, in a machine into an art piece. Because as we talked about earlier, art is transcendent. And it always points back to something. And when you go back to that something to the Creator, and you allow that to, to inform and dictate what's going on or what, how to relate to your current situation. That is when you you make the shift into this, for lack of a better word, this transcendence people culture, where people feel intrinsically valued, for who they are, and for their identity and for what they bring, and not for what they end up for what they could produce.

Speaker 1  04:37
And there's a side effects that I talked about earlier, but there's things like burnout, and and

Speaker 1  04:42
just the lack of satisfaction that come because you treat people from this place. So it really is important in an organization as a leader to to completely and permanently eradicate the workspace mindset from your, from your perspective. And there's this there, there actually is this place of,

Speaker 1  05:05
of eliminating this, hiring people for function

Speaker 1  05:09
mindset. And I really think when you do that, you you raise engagement, you raise the level of buy in and and ultimately, you

Unknown Speaker  05:19
actually end up from left,

Unknown Speaker  05:21
okay, here's the fun thing.

Speaker 1  05:22
When you do that, when your team becomes art, then your team produces art. And I think there's this this level and when you tap into the Creator, your team becomes creative. And I think there's this there's this creative X factor that you can unlock in your team. When you when you treat them from this place of a grace infused creator identity. What did God created you for perspective

Speaker 1  05:50
that, that supercharged is them and and really helps you move forward. So that's that I wanted to share that in perspective of teams.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai