Unknown Speaker  00:01
Okay, so I thought you would enjoy this one.

Speaker 1  00:04
This is a little bit of a different twist, I heard a sermon recently about

Speaker 1  00:11
beauty. And it got something started thinking about me. And I realized that I didn't have a value for beauty. And I had a strong value for function. And it was, it was kind of with that, but it just kind of sat there. And I don't know, just kind of kind of percolating a little bit and wasn't sure exactly what to do. But, you know, there was there were things that kind of started being awakened inside of me for, for some things, and had a conversation last night with one of my friends. And we were talking about function versus aesthetics. And one of the things that I realized is that

Speaker 1  00:49
I'm going to see if I can tie all of these pieces together in a way that makes sense. But

Unknown Speaker  00:56
But the people who are impoverished

Unknown Speaker  00:59
value function?

Speaker 1  01:02
Well, they just value function. Like that's, that's the that's the main thing, is this going to help me? Is it practical, doesn't it doesn't help me move forward. And people who have wealth, understand that beauty in itself has value. And I think true beauty has a transcendent value to it, that when it's when you engage with it, there's a connection with the, with the divine. And I think we see that with a lot of people in the arts. And I think it's one of the reasons why we see so much, maybe false religion in the arts, because they're there is something that's so transcendent, and it's supposed to be transcended, about beauty. And I think that wealthy people understand, understand that, but Okay, so here's the kicker,

Unknown Speaker  01:53
at the foundation of the functional

Speaker 1  01:55
mindset, is a works based mentality, that your value is derived by the function that you perform. And,

Speaker 1  02:05
at the heart of a beauty aware, mindset is a grace infused mindset with it, which is an understanding that value is not necessarily derived from function, but value is derived based on the Creator. And, and that the creation itself points to the Creator. So there's, as an artist, when I paint something, or when I, when I put something together, that is an expression of me, and there's a transcendence to it, that when people

Speaker 1  02:45
interact with it, that they are drawn into, on a human level, they're drawn into my, my spirit and my nature and my being like, there's a revelation of who I am that's revealed through that. And there's like this, oh, wow. Like, like, this is so profound, like, like Matthias did such an incredible work here. And, and look at that, and

Unknown Speaker  03:08
and that's just on a human level.

Speaker 1  03:10
So, so and here's the interesting thing.

Speaker 1  03:16
So workspace righteousness treats people with a functional mindset. So

Speaker 1  03:24
what what skills do you perform? And how can you?

Speaker 1  03:29
What can you do in order to move me forward? And, and it robs the people around you of the worship of the Creator, because because we reduce it to mere function. And when you allow people to live in a grace infused environment, then well, first of all, you allow their gifting to come out.

Unknown Speaker  03:53
But there's this, and I don't know

Speaker 1  03:55
quite how to describe it. But I think there's, there's like this supernatural favor that comes on them. That when people look at what they're doing, they're like, Whoa, like, that's so amazing. And they're drawn into this transcendence

Unknown Speaker  04:09
of

Speaker 1  04:11
something that's beyond, beyond the normal human dimension. And,

Unknown Speaker  04:17
and it's what you and I know to be

Speaker 1  04:20
the revelation of the Creator, who has

Unknown Speaker  04:23
put his stamp on that. And

Speaker 1  04:29
yeah, and so there's this fascinating connection between function and beauty, and workspace and grace based. And so so that's something that I've been processing.

Speaker 1  04:38
Now, this has really interesting implications, because it changes the way that you steward your resources.

Speaker 1  04:46
One of the challenges we have frequently at

Speaker 1  04:50
church is, is why would you pay money for a new blacktop parking lot, when you could be spending that money to feed poor children, in starving children in Africa? And, you know, I understand that there is a reality to the stewardship. But I think, I think maybe the difference is, and I think actually, here it is, I'm

Unknown Speaker  05:17
pretty sure this is the difference

Speaker 1  05:19
is that works based stewardship is about measurement,

Speaker 1  05:25
to our defined objective, which is hapa, our definition of how can we do the most good with the resources that we've been given,

Speaker 1  05:36
but a grace infused stewardship is about how can I invest the most deeply into the places where God has called me to. And this is what

Speaker 1  05:48
causes people to, quote, waste their lives, quote,

Speaker 1  05:52
by going into hard places, and spending time with people who will never who they may see little or no fruit. Why because they're not investing into this workspace, I have to see the outcome, I have to see the functional results of what I'm doing. But they're actually investing into their calling. And their ministry itself is an art. It's an art expression. And it's, it's its beauty. And, and it's it's like the Mother Teresa's, who are, she was not invested in, in ending poverty as much as she was invested in, let me live out by calling of caring for the, for the poor, and, and the outcast. And I think that is that we can see in this world in the way that people look at her and respect her is that that was an expression of, of beauty

Unknown Speaker  06:42
and art.

Speaker 1  06:44
And there is a transcendence to what she was doing that people looked at her and they were like, Whoa, like, that is so amazing. Like, that's superhuman. Now, how many people in this earth have actually done similar things, there's probably people who have, who I'm guessing,

Speaker 1  06:58
I haven't done research, but I'm guessing there are people who have done more to practically impact the poor than what Mother Teresa has, I could

Speaker 1  07:06
be mistaken. But I'm, but I'm guessing them right. But, but when you approach it from a functional standpoint,

Unknown Speaker  07:13
of these

Speaker 1  07:14
are, these are only metrics of, of outcome against the standards that I set. And what I see is most expedient and most practical, versus the grace infused stewardship, which is, I am investing deeply and heavily into my calling. And when I invest in my calling, there will be a glory that is revealed and that glory, it's a glory, like Jesus said, that he that his glory he's giving to His disciples.

Unknown Speaker  07:45
And

Speaker 1  07:46
there's a glory that he that is put upon us, that draws people to the Father in the same way that Jesus drew people to the Father. So there's, there's really, actually a deep revelation of beauty, within the message of the gospel. And

Unknown Speaker  08:03
when we, when we restrict our

Speaker 1  08:04
lives only to function, and don't

Unknown Speaker  08:08
embrace

Speaker 1  08:10
excuse me, don't embrace beauty. Because it's become coffee. Obviously, there's my commentary on my own coffee,

Speaker 1  08:17
and we don't, we don't embrace beauty, in that we miss a tremendous dimension of of the kingdom, there's one more thought that I wanted to throw out there.

Speaker 1  08:29
You remember Queen of Sheba, when she, when she came to visit Solomon, she was amazed at at the elegance of his design, and how he arranged things. And I think there was it was actually maybe the table settings or something like that, that she was so blown away with. And she knew that God was with it because of that. And,

Speaker 1  08:50
and I realized, with this whole thing, one of the things that I realized is that language creates culture. So the fact of the matter is that most of us don't have good language, for beauty, within our, within our circle within our world. It's not a it's not a part of the language of at least the people I hang around. And,

Unknown Speaker  09:11
and because

Unknown Speaker  09:12
of that there's there's a cultural lack

Unknown Speaker  09:15
of awareness of beauty.

Speaker 1  09:18
But then there's, there's, but then as I started thinking, I was thinking what are the places in my life where,

Unknown Speaker  09:23
where I

Speaker 1  09:24
have a language of code of beauty, and where I see this regularly expressed, and the closest thing I can come up with, and the main thing actually I could come up with was in software development, when there is a really difficult solution, really difficult problem that we face. And we're able to come up with a solution that addresses the problem. And as simple as it may be, have has some complexities. But but the complexities are isolated, and as a whole is actually really their clean lines of separation. And it's it's actually

Speaker 1  10:00
really elegant. And, and the

Speaker 1  10:04
overall picture is very clean, it's organized, it matches reality, we call that an

Unknown Speaker  10:09
elegant

Speaker 1  10:10
design. And I realized that within the

Unknown Speaker  10:14
culture of software development,

Speaker 1  10:16
we do have a language of beauty. And it really is true that there is a transcendence, to the things that we are creating.

Unknown Speaker  10:24
And

Speaker 1  10:25
there is this, just this off factor of when you interact with these.

Unknown Speaker  10:31
There's certain parts of code that when you interact with

Speaker 1  10:34
there is there's just like a, like a Whoa, like, this is really incredible. Like there's a, there's almost an awareness to this, to this. And I realized that we do have that language, and software. And

Speaker 1  10:47
it's probably not as common as I would like. But actually, here's a funny example. Just Just last week, I spent two days

Unknown Speaker  10:55
rewriting

Speaker 1  10:57
a part of a system that we're developing right now. And

Speaker 1  11:00
because we made some changes with the design as it progressed, and,

Unknown Speaker  11:06
and it wasn't,

Unknown Speaker  11:07
it wasn't going as well as it should have.

Speaker 1  11:10
I ended up redesigning it and, and the there was this elegance, it was just an elegant solution. Like there was a like, yes, of course, like that's the way it's supposed to work. Like there's almost a simplicity. And he had this, again, just this transcendence to it. And and I realized

Speaker 1  11:26
just now as I'm talking that I really didn't take the time

Speaker 1  11:29
to just to celebrate that. And to,

Unknown Speaker  11:34
to kind of bask in that and just to enjoy

Unknown Speaker  11:36
that.

Unknown Speaker  11:38
So anyway, those are the thoughts on on

Unknown Speaker  11:42
function versus

Speaker 1  11:44
versus beauty, and poverty versus wealth, and works versus race. So there you go. That's what I've been processing.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai