Speaker 1  00:01
Alright, let's begin recording both topics, external experimentation and testing, I think to be a second designer

Speaker 1  00:15
How can you there's there's two things you should know about experimentation. And I look at them differently. So when you're experimenting, there is a lot of work going on. And one of the advantages of that is that if you get a really broad data set, just by doing meaningfully console, which I believe to be the console, you're going to find within that a one or two companies that are exceptional, and the ones that are average energy that are leading to bad and, and we are committed to extreme intuition that allows you to go really wrong. And as a result of that type of sass. Relative coverage. I think you, I think, I think there's kind of two ways of approaching that like experimentation. So you might want to update, let's try anything. And then let's go back a little bit based on possibly criteria, the possibility to be testing, especially for the disappearance of testing is very, very different when it's, we have a hypothesis, we think that we have to do this versus that, then you'll get a better result. And so we've tested, but there should always require protecting number one, or an intuitive as we need to be able to control the number of variables. So I'm not going to, I'll give you a practical example, with my assistant Traffic Manager, she had some experience with relative experiences is critical reflection in my business to my process, good idea. I had the option to enter into the project management system, and we're having learned existing software. And when we're looking to evaluate the industry to the crypto majors out that she wouldn't. But to do that, and limited the number of variables going into the depths. People were using software for taking the variable, my business and

Speaker 1  03:00
this can happen in a marketing, sales operations. So let's talk about marketing example. When we have this emails, subject, we want to configure our emails. So we're going to have something like a which is b. Now, that should be if you actually want to discipline tasks, let's look over these things like email. You should not be right with our hundreds of emails, because now, if a second email wins, great, but you can't do the attribution actually. Influence breath and the origin to isolate properly, it's difficult testing. And you also want to know the expected outcome instead, and you're looking to do you need to know the risk increases overflights and events which are often over more than then we need to be able to measure to this idea of let's just try it and see what happens to be better. Sounds good. Because it's, it's a kind of tip of the hat to testing but it doesn't actually get once you get to know whether we've got it or not. And especially good systems, and there has to be over sufficient timeframe. It's your company when in fact it's it wasn't instant. Example running, split testing during weekends, on Sunday, I was not able to get vitamins

Speaker 1  04:51
single sales person says yes. It's undeniable that we've certainly over the years shifted Different CDs years running salesman so that's a reason to believe that just make it work. If you're doing if it's intentional doing it operationally, it's very easy to say, hey, this game is in operation you have a meeting all the way. Let's try running a different way. Good question to ask is what's new and I didn't know at the end of the test whether something is better than existing. You ready for already that one person is happier? And that's one of the reasons why was some people are willing to split

Unknown Speaker  06:25
up practice.

Unknown Speaker  06:37
Also get a bit of a flood fantastic, which is this

Speaker 1  06:48
business that oftentimes the best most confrontations. And many times they're run by people at the very least witnessing what people say. Many types of people working in that business, prefer that type of work, don't search and

Speaker 1  07:22
one of the things that can be really helpful is teaching styles test. There's been something on a call. But what is elaborated, originally this lecture in favor of sounds in that and you have to be wearing hazmat suit, and you have to have some kind of training or preventative, or you have to be under the guidance and supervision of the site. And if you come in there and open the door for alarms. And implicitly, we've signed in really all liability for what happened wouldn't you know, room? For sure, if you started dumping this into that there might be explosions, and things could get wildly excited. Why is that a good thing? The good thing is that, first, it's very clear, you should not have any groups full of reactive chemicals. In the name particularly, that's really dangerous and dirty.

Speaker 1  08:38
And I think I think for people who like predictability, it's it's one thing to have computability unpredictability injected into your situation. And it's like your situation goes out when you don't know where to start. But it's much more manageable for somebody who prefers predictability, to know, this is my window here. This part of my world is not changing. Over here, there is this pocket of my world. It's enclosed. It's, and I know that things will be normalized before anything developed further from that room. But it gives me an opportunity to compartmentalize things chaos, the experimentation that all of that it's over there. I still have my I still have that. And I think one of the things that I one of the things that have been extremely helpful to me that business is it's creating boundaries around the laboratory and the COVID and not forcing right to life in a team that has an interest. Oftentimes, some of them only have an interest in what's going on and some of the work is not knowing. Creating those boundaries is incredibly helpful in protecting the morale of my team, while simultaneously giving me a playground that I need to continue to do. continue to think, I think for any business of any scale is clearly different of these values and where the laboratory is worth those lives. One of the things that we've done is labeling projects. Is this a laboratory target for that? And it's very clear what patients want out

Unknown Speaker  10:27
taking exams


Transcribed by https://otter.ai