Unknown Speaker  00:00
We've done enough

Speaker 1  00:06
of this is all the stuff other people can do. People have consistently come to me and said something that I didn't think differently. I guess I've never been able to articulate up until now, what's different, but one person is somebody, somebody that that was needed to issue them in a relationship they were assuming.

Speaker 1  00:47
Okay, here's another thing. Let's talk about linear versus holistic thinking of the predicts impact on the value of relationships and relational challenges. So I have a problem with the new earrings, image is, is a pretty simplistic answer. Now, it's possible it's a solvable problem. But it's also possible. And so it's also possible that the difference is much more nuanced than that. So it could be that I have a problem with who's willing to give the information with it is isn't taken on up in the garage. And sometimes for the sake of earning health and sanity? Absolutely. You just take a break, sometimes. But it's also not a full perspective into what's going on. Because what are the issues that lead into New Age challenges? Well, first of all, there's there are it's not a simple blanket. So have you set appropriate boundaries that we haven't asked you that you need? Are you willing to watch, if you don't get to if you understand, the only way to do is if at least? Are there values differences. If you have unique value and differences, then you need to have meaningful relationships in such a way that you can protect your values, while they can still be conveyors. And even if this sheet of operative and alignment of values varies from person to person, some people are actually okay, holding certain values. But operating apart from that thing in situation, that's their choice. There are other people who are very values driven, and do something like that in line with the value of these. It's, it's not necessarily a morals, essentially novembre range.

Speaker 1  03:05
If you understand the components of healthy relationships, the relationship is not just one thing. It's about segments. It's that indication that boundaries, essentially, guarantee relations, valued motivation, it's got all of these symbols. So it goes down. So, one of the things that are found one of the mistakes that I have, when working with people who have challenging relationships with men reserved hence been buying into the idea that prematurely buying into the idea that the relationship is unsalvageable instead of drilling down into detail or people's activity, so in this particular case, that need to be laid totally fits just right.

Speaker 1  04:14
This particular case, I was sitting down with somebody who wasn't even on the market, and we had this conversation, brief conversation.

Unknown Speaker  04:26
And I started and it started. It was the quick students, it's going to be talking later when

Speaker 1  04:38
we're talking the same report once you have your clips you actually have laid out to get something out of that

Speaker 1  05:00
For the first time, I believe it was project impactions easy to extract, what goes on and you're motivated. And another step is to be experienced and working. Yeah, if they if they trust my process, then the other challenge we face is I say things. And I have this entire thinking already run. I've already run my thoughts through this. But if I don't communicate that to them, like you just go somewhere else What is he talking about? So I'm excited for this because it actually gets me


Transcribed by https://otter.ai