Unknown Speaker  00:34
Hey there this is Ben?

Unknown Speaker  03:12
All right now

Unknown Speaker  03:31
okay, so it's been a while since we did this has been. So we've got a few questions open that you have a few answers

Speaker 1  03:57
start off we can discuss the items from the call on Tuesday that we didn't get to. There were some project related items then

Speaker 1  04:16
First off, just checking in on an update for an update about the yard app where things are at with that.

Matthias Miller  04:25
I've got a session scheduled with Jonathan Tuesday morning to hopefully wrap up all the loose ends that I've got. That's where it's at right now.

Speaker 1  04:36
So then at that point, would you be ready to hand it off for testing? Yeah. Cool. And I guess that point, I'll just let you work with Austin as far as getting getting everything set up and getting what he needs. Yeah. Cool. How does this one work? Again? It's not, it's not an app that's downloaded from the App Store. Right? It's just uh, yeah. Was it downloaded via link? Or how does that

Matthias Miller  05:20
it will. So there's something called a progressive web app. And it's basically a website with offline storage. That allows you to add an icon to your home screen. And I'm not sure if we're doing the icon to the home screen, but it's basically where app meets website.

Speaker 1  05:48
Hybrid. So will they be? Little bit extra? Sorry, accessing it through the through their browser? Yeah. Okay. So then it would be to be cross platform in that that that you can access it from iPhone or Android? Right. Cool. All right. And then the next question was, if there's anything on the zfp, or accounting side of things to discuss, is there anything that we need to be working on? Are there a bunch of change requests at different points in the process? I don't really have any specific questions on but is there anything that you wanted us to follow up on? Great comment so that

Matthias Miller  06:55
if there's anything that should be done, it probably would be making sure that all change requests are listed in the IAF, our proposal at this point? That's kind of our project roadmap at the moment for the time being. But apart from that, I'm not really aware of much that needs to be done. Okay.

Speaker 1  07:31
Sure, so Is that Is that something that you've been doing already putting the change requests in there? Is that something new?

Matthias Miller  07:42
Well, or at least blinking to. Okay, let's start with how I got here. Change Requests need to be project managed. We are already project managing the IFR project quite heavily. Why not fold these project these change requests? Into IFR project management, and just I don't know have sections and links for each of the each of those change requests so that we can manage them effectively.

Speaker 1  08:23
Sure. So basically adding a new section three change request. And with a link in the section. Right. Okay. So is that like, I've just been kind of managing them or Ben and I have come in managing them on our side, just like the other change requests. So with this basically changed the the workflow for the CSP, change requests, we basically write it up and as to get the proposal and you guys manage it on the AFR calls or what would be the the hybrid approach where we still manage it from our side. Plus have it in the proposal or what would be the smoothest way to do that?

Matthias Miller  09:40
Don't know mean somebody at some point

Matthias Miller  10:12
Hang on this is a duplicate

Matthias Miller  10:51
what me mean, the problem with managing it on your site is because this ties into accounting priorities. And I don't want accounting priorities to get derailed by some random change request that comes in because somebody thinks something needs to be changed and it's actually not as important as they think they think it is, or it's not at least fit within within project priorities. That's the bottom line. And

Matthias Miller  11:27
and I don't know how to do that without just straight up integrating this into the existing project manager, I mean that that other project management process, I think I think it's probably worth this is where I feel like our tool set comes up a little bit short, because we can task manage these, make sure things don't fall off the radar follow up with them, et cetera. But what really needs to happen is we have a project we have timelines, we have priorities, and we need to make sure that things get done in the in the order of priority and that that we avoid blocking the project at critical points and I feel like our

Matthias Miller  12:33
for example with change requests here this is not a project view this is a task and task status view don't know how you can I don't know

Unknown Speaker  12:59
okay

Speaker 1  13:05
so if I'm hearing you right, we would just when a change request comes in from zfp we would write it up and put it in a section in here and and then just let you manage it from there one year if our calls and whatnot.

Matthias Miller  13:26
Yeah, I mean, we could have a phase two a they're at line 430 Instead of phase two a on prioritized change requests

Matthias Miller  13:44
are it I mean, it would be a section before it before I mean

Unknown Speaker  13:49
sure.

Matthias Miller  14:14
Okay, so and I think everything except for the documentation, everything and intention needed in draft except for documentation should probably be under there. Here it would be.

Speaker 1  14:50
Tension needed, draft coding and testing would all go in as separate sections.

Matthias Miller  14:58
Actually, that's fair. Yeah. I have no idea if there's anything with Oh, here. Let me let me look at testing Transaction Report counting any GL entry column to standard BPR biller priority. I mean, yeah, probably I don't know that most of the stuff in testing actually needs to go in there, but

Matthias Miller  15:30
okay. I'd be inclined to exclude testing.

Speaker 1  15:35
Sure, less work for us and moving it over to. Yep. And then should I go ahead and change the assignee? I think most of these are assigned to either better me to the assignee be changed to you. Or stay with stay with us.

Matthias Miller  15:57
I would prefer it not to be assigned to me.

Matthias Miller  16:06
But is there an argument?

Speaker 1  16:10
Well, who who's gonna be doing the actual project management on it? Is that like, are you going to be doing it? I guess we might.

Matthias Miller  16:20
Yeah, me. Me and or Dre? Yeah. Okay, probably. Unless it should be better. I don't.

Speaker 1  16:34
Yeah, I guess I'm just I'm kind of figuring out what's, what the work the current workflow is there. So I'm not

Unknown Speaker  16:42
like this is throwing out ideas or asking questions. Yeah, how you doing it now? Yeah, either way. So then would get if you prefer that you then should go to Audra

Matthias Miller  17:03
would probably be fine. Okay.

Speaker 1  17:15
And then we'll then basically Ben and I can be hands off of those, or would you be looking for any involvement from us?

Matthias Miller  17:27
Good question.

Matthias Miller  17:51
We don't have any kind of sorting in here based on priority. Do we? On the change request report, yeah. Um, I don't think we do.

Speaker 1  18:08
I think, no, we don't. We might actually have a change request. I think there's someone there's a change request to change some things on the report here. And adding like priority is even one of the columns here. So that might be something that we're adding.

Matthias Miller  18:30
I mean, once again, let's go back to the definition of what we're different calling project management. I think determining priority has to happen within the context of the big project. We're not going to be successful if we don't I think keeping the ball moving and keeping the status updated of where things are at I think that's something that could very reasonably fall into Ben's court and wouldn't create terrible issues if Ben would keep just being on top of stuff. So for example

Matthias Miller  19:09
we could.

Matthias Miller  19:40
Wait, why is this one should have been no. Sweat never got approved, even though it was coded. Okay. Let me do this

Matthias Miller  20:55
no idea what that is

Matthias Miller  21:23
this

Matthias Miller  21:40
modify records is not really a great term

Matthias Miller  22:02
don't know what this is

Matthias Miller  22:12
we still need timelines i don't know i don't know how to I really don't like taking on all management of a project but I'm also not sure how to structure the communication to make it work elsewhere

Unknown Speaker  22:32
sure makes sense

Matthias Miller  22:48
like this Okay, so where does this leave us? This seems to me subtype groupings fixed assets I'm just going to close this out because seems maybe a duplicate and I'm getting in the weeds

Speaker 1  23:24
it's been so good. No good. I was going to ask if Ben is on all of the IFR calls, and like going to loop what's going on? Yeah. So in that case, it could kind of make sense for him to be the one that that does some stuff on it as far as project management does keeping loops and whatnot connected least for the time being

Unknown Speaker  24:03
I'm the one who's, who's more used to doing that and dragging stuff forward. But I'm not familiar with what's going on in the project.

Matthias Miller  24:20
Well, I see if we

Matthias Miller  24:26
I think if if you just been if you put sections in there over here and if we ever have you on the calls. Let's just start that way for now. And the status notes probably could go over in there should be going over over there as well. Let's start with that. Right. You're on the calls and we'll we'll take it from there. Okay.

Speaker 1  24:48
Okay. So then then you can take care of adding those sections and And then assigning them to you or yourself or to Audra, I guess however, seems best and then we can follow up at some point if something needs to change Okay, next item nh m, the client had emailed a while back with some questions about updates and changes. So is that something I mean not looking to dive into that right now but just discussing what should be our plan forward at that Matthias now that you're back in the office should we schedule them in a few weeks for some for some design time? What would

Matthias Miller  25:50
I'm gonna guess half it I'm gonna guess that what we should do is I don't know exactly how extensive it is. If we have but here's how I would look at it this is a we should wait until Ellis comes back and and can cover for CSS calls be willing to take this into consideration when scheduling EDS machinery and FB high level design and I think I don't know who came in first I think FB first them anytime second EDS third

Speaker 1  26:29
or no I would have said EDS was already on the in the pipeline when

Matthias Miller  26:34
it said added to pay for August high level design back in like May or June. Okay. So are they before FB work out they were initially going to be and then they could do a high level design as early as the end. So we flipped on as far as availability. I remember. And then and then I guess here's the only thing I don't really care, here's my here's the two rules. I want to put these in order. for my own sake, I don't want to double up on and on. I view it even if it's small, I still view it as a high level design. And so it should be sequentialized Actually three rules number two, I would like not to do it what else is on vacation? And number three, we should respect order of we should respect client priority appropriately. And I think based on that you figured out what we're they're coming in and then we start working on schedule scheduling these as needed to set a simple criteria are working

Speaker 1  28:02
Yeah, I think that we basically put the basically put nh m into like mid September probably we're starting we're starting FB now and add machinery late August and then that would put any time into mid mid or late September.

Matthias Miller  28:32
And I'm going to be traveling it shouldn't happen the week that I'm out of the office. And so I would I would just simply I'm going to assume it's not a burning building thing that needs to be fixed if if it is a burning building things that thing that needs to be changed, then I'm willing to I'm open to reconsidering it. I think I think basically what we would tell them is Matthias is current scheduled puts this out into mid September. If you would like to discuss if if there are times any time sensitive issues, please let us know. And we will see how we can address those specifically or something like that.

Speaker 1  29:27
Yeah, sounds good. Ben, do you think you're good with with passing though? Um, since you were in communication with Krista already.

Matthias Miller  29:38
Yeah, I can do that.

Speaker 1  29:40
I'm ready to go. No, you're okay. No, cool. And they're all time and material. So we would just take the comments.

Matthias Miller  29:54
Yes, we would. They are a great grandfather. They're done, basically. Great.

Unknown Speaker  30:06
Yep. Okay, and then

Speaker 1  30:18
actually, I think that's Tuesday. I think that was it then have it No, no, sorry. Adding snippets to the demo system there's a change request GTK was curious about snippets. And we realized they weren't in the daren't in the demo system. So just wanted to check in on that right we sent out an email about it Alex said he thinks it was it's your baby so checking in with you following for you done about that. Is that something that you want to add to the demo system? Is it something that we will be giving to clients for free or charging for?

Matthias Miller  31:31
I'm not opposed to giving it to them mostly free

Matthias Miller  31:43
I don't like being the person that has to add it

Unknown Speaker  32:05
me

Unknown Speaker  32:13
Do you have a link to the internet leaving comments

Unknown Speaker  32:24
seems to

Matthias Miller  32:43
me he's just asking if we're giving them for free

Matthias Miller  33:21
got it like clarifies the question replied

Unknown Speaker  33:33
All right

Unknown Speaker  33:45
Okay, cool

Speaker 1  34:05
okay, so we'll plan to follow up with that. So you can get we can get it added to the demo system. And then we'll see whether TT CTK wants to do it. They're

Speaker 1  34:23
cool. All right. Ben, and I have a call with the client at the top of the hour. So we're gonna wrap up this call a little bit before then. But we'll have some questions. In GTK, in depth design, and time tracking for this one is 5729

Speaker 1  35:06
We've been working with Alex on this. So grant, your head hasn't been in for a while, but we'll try to work on things here. So first off, we are doing a region for I think Inc, that it's somewhat like the regions for for symbols or the maybe even kind of the growth ring groups where they want to group, they want to group their customers into regions. And then we're putting the check in frequency checking, scheduling, actually on the region to that applies to everybody in the region. So they're all getting a check in in the same week or same month. So a question here is how to link? What's the best way to link customers and regions? Is it better to have a drop list on the customer contact record, to select a region? Or is it better to have an RG on the region? To select a customer?

Matthias Miller  36:14
Let me give you I got accused this morning of using a long word like terse. So let me use another long word like rubric. So let me give you a rubric. And I'm not even sure if it's one or two rubrics that I'm giving you. But we're making this decision number one, from a client purse from a user perspective, which which one is most natural? Which direction is most natural to set up these? Number two, is from a data integrity standpoint. Which approach is most likely to simplify data entry? And man? Well, it's kind of goes into one, which which approach? most closely models models reality. So then that's, those are the ways to think about it. Number one, so to what's most natural? Well, it seems to me like, the most glaring issue with putting it on the region is that if you want to move somebody from one region to another, you have to go into one region, remove them and add them to another region. And that most likely, what you're going to want to do when you're setting up an individual contact, that you're going to want to select on the contact itself while you're setting it up. And if you want to rearrange people, then that's a uneditable report issue. Not a story on the region.

Speaker 1  37:59
Sure, make sense? And then just having the drop list on the on the customer? Yeah, that's I think, I agree. That seems like the easiest for, for data entry. And as far as what models reality, most, I mean, technically, the customer is in a region. And so you add it to the region record, but

Matthias Miller  38:26
the customer has a region, you have an address, you have a city as part of your address. So you could get pretty technical. I mean, if if you're there's also probably a question, this is getting pretty philosophical here, but what's the dominant entity? If you're doing demographic research on cities, then cities is the dominant entity. And it might make sense to look at it predominantly from cities and as people as individuals within that city that make up the city. If your dominant entity is a contact or an individual, then it makes more sense to say that the region is a property of where the reader where the individual is located. So okay. It's getting pretty nuanced, but I think the pragmatic reason is

Speaker 1  39:25
okay, so then if it's stored on the contact, then we would we want to show it on the region that we would use, like a bottom report than

Matthias Miller  39:35
bottom report would be a great way to do it. Or linked to pop out a report either when and how many, how many people are going to be in each region. And then that report, can can have an ask prompt that filters by region. And you can use that main report to, you know, view, regional contacts or whatever it is and you can either filter down Originally you can show all of them and see see context by region

Unknown Speaker  40:08
Yeah

Unknown Speaker  40:30
Cool, thank you and then

Speaker 1  40:43
oh, so we're talking about a field today and there was a message that'd be nice to have with a field for clarification. He was wondering about having it like, appear when you hover over the field or click on the field or something? Do we have that option? Or do we just need to put it on the detail screen?

Matthias Miller  41:02
No, but we can give you an ellipsis button that pops up the message and you can close it back out. Hmm, but no, we don't have hovers Okay.

Unknown Speaker  41:37
All right

Unknown Speaker  41:50
Okay, that one we can save for later?

Speaker 1  42:16
Oh, yeah, this is gonna be a fun one. We are. billing details section, we're selecting a contact, like the billing contact. And then we're also selecting an address to drop list of the billing type address addresses for the customer. If there are multiple ones. What is the right way to do that? Do you display the full address on the drop list or just the Street Address portion?

Matthias Miller  42:50
For address because to avoid ambiguity, I mean, the odds of this happening are so well know this, it's actually really likely to happen. Had a conversation this morning was somebody asked me about Canyon City. And so if you spell it without the little fancy and yeah, that ca n o n if it's spelled right, technically correct the CEO. And yeah, o n. And if you spell it phonetically, it's C. It's, it's, it could be ca n n o n cannon, or ca n y o n Canyon. And so if you've got two addresses with variant spellings, if you actually care about what the right spelling is on the city state zip, then you should just show the full thing and it allows you to more closely uniquely identify like if all the data is included in that display description, then you'll deduplicate you'll automatically duplicate but you also know that it's it's unique. So that would that would be my Furthermore, if somebody has multiple addresses, it might be because they've got multiple locations. They got one in Indiana, and you don't want to know that it's 123 Main Street in Kokomo and it's 14th Avenue A and Canton? Sure.

Speaker 1  44:29
All right. And then when we when we select that address, we would have it display Read Only then in that section. So should we like would you normally just have it remain visible in the droplist plus b. displayed in the macros on the screen under the drop list? Or? Like I don't know. I don't really remember working with addresses and drop lists. Before so there's a little

Matthias Miller  45:04
is this linked back to the contact record? Or is this copying the address from the contact record? It's just

Speaker 1  45:12
copying the address from the contact record. I think we're not like you don't.

Matthias Miller  45:19
If you do the contact record, it won't update here. So it was that if you update the contact record, it won't update here.

Speaker 1  45:28
Oh, yeah, I think that's fine.

Unknown Speaker  45:40
Probably will be fine.

Matthias Miller  45:46
Oh, they're wanting I see what they were thinking.

Speaker 1  45:47
Because you have a billing details section and then you have a location. So this is where an agreement, one customer might have multiple locations, and then they'll have a separate agreement for each location or separate contract basically for each location. But it might all they might all be billed back to the main office or they might be billed to different billing addresses. But then the actual location address is is something could be something different.

Matthias Miller  46:22
Why would we use a choice report here?

Unknown Speaker  46:29
Choice report, what's that?

Matthias Miller  46:33
When you go into your timecard and you click the ellipsis beside the category

Unknown Speaker  46:50
there's basically an R G on a child screen.

Matthias Miller  46:52
It's a it's a report. I mean technically what it is is a report that you can select a row from that then populates one or more fields. Okay. And I would think this would be a much easier simpler way

Unknown Speaker  47:14
Sure, technically,

Matthias Miller  47:14
technically speaking, it would be a simpler way of populating this

Unknown Speaker  47:29
Okay, so if we

Matthias Miller  47:36
the the other question is does city state zip specifically has to be filled out separately or can it be top line second line you're talking about the on the what that's related to the agreement Yeah.

Speaker 1  48:00
I think it would be fine to do top line second line whichever is whichever is easier

Unknown Speaker  48:14
is one easier than the other?

Matthias Miller  49:17
No, it's fine either way.

Matthias Miller  49:26
I think this is Ellis's call. Here's how I would propose to do it.

Matthias Miller  49:58
I think that's this episode. point you can do whatever you want to I don't care

Speaker 1  50:16
cool so that macro that generates a string table where the first column is a drop list value and the right column is all the address components

Matthias Miller  50:27
that's technical details so it would be I mean for the second one is really is

Matthias Miller  50:46
way to clarify it further

Matthias Miller  50:53
I think and then if you want to just do the street address and you have to choose the street address to find out what the city state is and if you don't care about duplicates it is what it is and if you have duplicate street addresses you can't get to the second one that's fine I don't really have a personal problem with that I think either these are reasonable approaches anyone lets you decide whether you want to show full address or part or street address

Matthias Miller  51:28
fear Okay

Speaker 1  51:30
sure. I kind of like the idea that choice report so button that way we're not showing information twice on the screen Yeah, I agree. And that like currently you mentioned the ellipsis button on a timecard we could it's a button with any with any text that we want to put on it right

Matthias Miller  51:59
I think it's

Matthias Miller  52:05
I don't remember

Unknown Speaker  52:07
okay

Unknown Speaker  52:14
well actually, I think you'll be fine even if it isn't ellipsis button because we will just put it off to the side and select it

Matthias Miller  52:26
Where are we have to it? I have no idea where have it somewhere? Probably in here somewhere we've got choice report demos

Matthias Miller  52:44
in our G's it's an ellipsis button. I don't know if you can have non ellipses outside of our G's

Unknown Speaker  52:50
okay

Matthias Miller  53:12
am I okay? Depends how important it is free to have an answer.

Speaker 1  53:20
No, I think it's fine. This gives us some stuff to start on. So we can follow up with ls or

Matthias Miller  53:28
people can we keep going if you want to as well.

Speaker 1  53:31
Okay. I think we actually just seated another quick question should be dropping off here soon.

Speaker 1  53:53
Yeah, some of these other ones are things that Yeah, well, I have to kind of process through a little bit so probably. I just call it a wrap and give us a few minutes to be ready for the next call.

Matthias Miller  54:16
Sounds like a plan. Cool, awesome. Shit.

Speaker 1  54:25
Then we will plan to talk with you next week, I guess.

Matthias Miller  54:30
Okay, sounds good. Thanks, weekend.

Unknown Speaker  54:33
Yeah, you as well. Thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai