Unknown Speaker  00:03
So I don't know how much of this to shoot. But this is a crime scene of somebody not understanding practice systems client, which is in that they're in good had some repeated conversations about the market and driving down cost, trying to optimize your marketing trying to get it, actually, really. And one of the big challenges was so

Speaker 1  00:48
but you know, we can do the letters, we know how to use your scissors, then your next job and lesson is learning how to leverage the nine spoken to find ways to be like that's your you're at that stage and should not have similar ways, it is completely fine and good to be a kindergarten teacher, we need intermediates. But if you are wondering, you shouldn't be in a classroom. Conversely, it's great to be how it's unique. But they shouldn't be teaching implemented. So what do I mean by that? What I mean by that is, I think one of the fundamental rules of relating with people and one of the one of the best skills you can develop, which is actually a lot harder than using a surface environment is learning to understand their level. So school is nice because, well, if you pass this heads, like many know that

Speaker 1  02:15
but even within that, there's a lot of variation in specifically that different schools, curricula, et cetera, believe that a sixth graders have mastered it yet it's still in.

Speaker 1  02:32
The problem is that success in business is radically so and we were working better in the marketing landscape. across the whole landscape, the business side of things that are like pushing PDFs, AI market, more than humans are things that you can get are limited. And it doesn't matter whether you can deliver on the different promises, as long as you give them hope, it's a possibility to get stuck to the terrible need, where people are gonna see.

Speaker 1  03:23
know, if you're in business, don't position yourself in one of those areas, millions. It's easy to tell yourself, which is a feeling in business because you get a business and failed to credit the fact that he succeeded. He says He placed himself essentially with Jonathan to admission rivers, when he got here last year, not that smart. Now, let's say this, like, hats off. And that seems very surprising that maybe there wasn't really intelligent voices. Similarly, if you are in a business, it's like anything. You throw everything into its positive probably dimension, you're still telogen it's possible that you're gonna have the wrong opportunities. And this works out for your employees as well, where you can take one in Berlin situation in one picture, and the only thing that had to do was broken into different workouts and immediately that results whatever, way up early. I think a problem that I see a lot of times you can get stuck in a situation and they assume that the impact that they assume wasn't at the same time they go

Speaker 1  04:57
they internalize the problem Instead of excellent. Now, there's also a converse of this, which is, there are people who always external has a problem. And that's really good, as well. So So I would make an argument that more of success is driven, that you know, there are layers of importance and factors contributing to this, which is the previous one of them doing something. And then, of course, there are things about execution. The challenge, then, is that if one of the predominant determiners of success, it's actually not your intelligence, what if it's actually been ignored by the market? Not saying that, but, but it seems as if that's not the primary indicator of your knowledge, your stuff that you experienced fill in the blank, then it will, that's a indictment that has a greater bearing on it, then, then it means I don't have an objective measure, or looking at somebody and saying, your business knowledge skills activity, is at this level. Instead of like this level, or it's at this level, it's people are assuming this happens all the time. People assume something new, really smart, and really understand what's going on. And they present themselves as having a high level of insight, and understanding that it's actually a low level of insight. And there's a flip side, there are people who use the others who would soon basically do this, regardless of what you say, and they assume they have a low level of concern. So So one of the things

Speaker 1  07:17
I don't know where to go with this. I just kind of like, here's how it applies. This particular issues back systems, which is people can say, Yes, we understand systems, yes, we understand the business. But until you understand, rational system, explain until you think people holistically about length and related parts and things have fun. Other than, like, linear thinking is the kindergarten of business, like you have to understand linear thinking, If This Then That. And of course, if I'm going to show up in the morning, and yell at one of my sales numbers, they're not going to sell, or they're going to become so angry back at me that they're gonna turn it into energy, and they're just gonna sell a pig, whatever, not healthy, but, you know, you're gonna start seeing this correlation if I do this. But as your business and that works for small businesses, because there's, there's not that many interconnected parts. But as the business grows and complexity in size, and you have to, you have to be able to grow with the, with the business. So. So if, if you have the skill set of managing a business at a six figure level, until you until you become capable of running a business out of a million dollars, then you will always your lack of leadership is a lack of skill set will always keep dragging me down to that level, same thing as the five and 1500, whatever, whatever point. And I think that one of the big challenges for people, one of the big maturing process, we're a business we're going from a relatively small business to a larger business sphere and one of the productive skill differences that you need to have is making the shift from thinking just linearly about the same thing could be holistically and understanding this part if, if I keep this part of this other part is going to end. Well. There's some really practical examples of this marketing. So when we had a marketing client furies has asked you to optimize their marketing. And we did the best we could get me so good. And so they were looking to do marketing. And as a way to present both groups, they really need to navigate. If this was activated, you haven't one of the dangers of unions. And they were, they had already given their notice of torture, and zones in this last month, the rains, here it is up to you do what you want. That's an example. Where you between really want to understand what the impact is, can be, was that has a wider impact. So these two platforms were thinking off of each other. And Facebook explaining to people, both Google was finding people and was helping Facebook's plan financially as well, and vice versa. And it was just a mutual benefit. But then there would have been secondary consequences, which is, well, if you turn this off, then we, for instance, are going to use a single platform, you become vulnerable to a wild one. And now you have a disproportionate drop in leaps, and salespeople. Now, you're so confused, because how would you solve this problem? I think this is one thing, examples of problems that can only be solved by thinking holistically and thinking critically, and we have to work within systems, thinking about making this changes, if you do that, like, is it does it probably take doesn't take 10 times longer to make a holistic decision than a linear decision? Yes. Is the likelihood of success and getting what you actually want? About that much I would say that is self sacrifice speed. But you minimize risk reduction, and increase.

Unknown Speaker  12:33
Get one other examples I got was systems.

Speaker 1  12:40
Here's another common state that you it's, I think it's probably easier to fall prey to this. I think one of the reasons why we need other people around us is because because the one thing it's impossible to give yourself is an outside perspective. Right? blind spots aren't in here. Probably the only way to work on spots is having other people. For example, the reason why you look over your shoulder and driving your car, if you could do a blind spot where you have blind spots, because your mirror is able to give you a specific view of the road, or the nearby itself is incapable of covering that one. And it's in the same way. The reason we need to look within shoulders that they'll be repeating, but are extreme. Thanks, sir. So the reason why we need people looking at the word shoulders, I think reading better next, but it's it's to cover the blind spots. A meteor Not yet? Not yet. There's another role of tracking system and holistic thinking. And they're very strong argument that it's impossible to do this effectively with just one person. And so and so. So here's an example. out and when it's new, independent decision, it's very easy to fall into this. If you've got other people around you. It's good. It protects you from moving on from things like simplistic linear, limited thinking decisions. There's a problem that that says that thing the multitude of counselors

Unknown Speaker  14:33
because it helps them solve problems. It was so cheap saying here's my example. We need to clean shiny new piece of software.

Speaker 1  14:52
And usually this is coming from within the Department says the language just have this software. It would solve All of our thoughts, and we would finally be able to do our job. And the correct answer to that is maybe. In reality, what happens is that the that incision, or that suggestion is made from within the department, the resin specifically looks invasive. But almost invariably, the department has blind spots about about one to one things that the current system itself is already doing, that we're not thinking about taking for granted. And second of all, of the way that a switch in their software platform is going to affect people outside of government. And there's actually a third blind spot, which is the software system that we're switching to has products, guaranteed. So are those top ones better problems to have every one we have now? Maybe, but ripping off the band aid and saying, Dave are switching to X, Y, and Z, without excellence in soccer attention, because that's gonna fix their problems is an incredibly short sighted decision making process. And so, so this, if a lot of the players and a lot of the crises in business get created, because you have one person making one decision, from one perspective, with a very linear agreement, and it's I think the only way to really forecast that is you have to understand processes, things probably interact and you have to be able to look so for me to you, if you had to leave me consensual I don't know if it's gonna work out. So I think that as an individual it sounds to me like it was good stuff


Transcribed by https://otter.ai