Unknown Speaker  04:37
are you this morning?

Speaker 1  04:46
Well, it's Friday afternoon capture video in a way that can actually be used. We can pull bytes from Okay. Wear shorts, I suppose is the right way to say I'm

Unknown Speaker  05:07
getting settled back into life. Just a little weird about settling. We don't really have like no hurry seeing this amount of schools so not sure how to use more like, floating, navigating, right? Yeah, hopefully not too much drifting. Maybe it's a

Speaker 1  05:42
fun story. I was at a client call this morning. And one of the guys I heard secondhand one of the guys is like, yeah, I use long words. But then I came across the word. And I'm like, what is that?

Unknown Speaker  06:05
It's a long word.

Speaker 1  06:44
Ah, it's been an interesting mix. Yeah. I think one of the things that I've failed to recognize early on is how important alignment is in life. Like, I know, early on, there were a lot of things that weren't that strict your skill set? So what is it that you're doing? And all sorts of market demands perspective, which is, what is it that people are

Unknown Speaker  07:13
asking them to do? But never really answering the question. And the more time that I spend working with people,

Speaker 1  07:26
I think the more that I see both, let me take a step back. I think there was something inside of me, very, there's something pretty deeply ingrained in you that sticks out, I want to make sure that what I do is aligned with your but I think there's a lot of cases where I see a lot of situations where people are in business, they have this massive, or you know, maybe maybe they achieve some kind of monetary success. But there's almost this compulsion to bring people around, because it's not aligned.

Speaker 1  08:06
That's all kind of precursor contacts. And it's become increasingly clear that the real answer so that consulting is preventing and continuing my unique ability centered around systems process, data driven business, and still tying it together in a way that it's not a robotic system. It's something that people, it's very vulnerable, and more developers, it leaves people even better. So that's like, that's where I feel like, like, the core, competency, or strength or even drive. So then, if that's if that's it, then there's two questions. There, there have been a few questions that they're honing in on which we've talked about this. And I think this is a surprise. You know, there's businesses at about 715 or $25 million dollars in revenue like that's beside that point. Maybe it's depending on academics, it might be it could be literally this reason, given some theories.

Speaker 1  09:37
know when the next question is, what's the best avenues? Well, okay, there's another question inside of that, which is, who are the people that resonate within bounds? And the one of the things I've been really working at Google s&p for two is actually not the owner. Although the interview involved with also taking a look at kind of the set and like, what seems to be working? And that's where I'm really wrestling with because and that's what I've been working through, I think what is pain point is, is, how do I eliminate artifacts that keeps the buffer. So, owner is driving, and he's taking the hit, taking the hits from voters slash studio and all the operation and their pliers to get escalated. And so how can we create everybody helping you create an ultimate objective? I think it's just part of that prevention. And, and reducing stress and how to do that by increasing efficiency, increasing deliverability, increasing profitability, and just simply making the thing run better than theirs. And then the profitability. This isn't my hunch. And I've really changed and developed. But I think at that stage, the question is not so much about management is there's an understanding that the health of the organization because profit will uncover have moved on to the cash, it's, let's fix the problems, let's make this better, and the catch will come. And then there may still be mental justifications sometimes, but sometimes it actually, it may not actually be the biggest issues may just be like things. But also, this is a little bit of a tangent, but even improving processes, if you can extend retention of employees by six months. You've just, there's a financial impact right there that was substantial. And I think it's quite possible. So that's where my headspace is at. And then the next step is, how do you how do you market this? Well, the one place where these folks really aren't hanging out in the spotlight, and it would be way more effective. newsletters, and I years haven't liked this theory, clinically, Dr. scrutinizes, but this is where my headspace is, it may may actually may actually make more sense to look at publishing views as well really. And then extracting from that 90 individual pieces of content. And it might not be you it might be my system. But your critical piece of flow and extracting 90 Instead of individual content to post daily on LinkedIn. Great. And those that answer your questions

Unknown Speaker  12:56
thanks

Speaker 1  13:02
Sure, yeah, absolutely. LinkedIn is essentially Microsoft's Facebook for the workplace. Okay. Yes. It had not been done by Microsoft It was certainly infinitely Microsoft.

Speaker 1  13:54
So think of it as social media at that point. If you want what are the what are the arguments on Twitter words match? Its politics. It's probably the dumbest was heard the arguments on Facebook? Well, it's also politics, but it's also I don't know. Much more similar types of arguments. What are the arguments on LinkedIn? One of them is, this is the worst time for anything, why are you totally impersonate me? And along with that, then because they have all the work, you know, it's kind of silly LinkedIn profile. And it's like the bio, the work history, current role inclusion is like that. And then we can target people within LinkedIn and we say, hey, I want to find Paul Taylor. It's a company that believes That actually doesn't get us any days to start reaching out to them for the network

Speaker 1  15:10
there's also a chance I think it's pretty to chance one of the things I'm also getting regulated doing things doing doing webinars with calling on the Brecon Beacons. And so influence would mean and so I have in the past speaker training is specific use case today. And so I think it's a lot of that same thing of like, here's here's gonna be the topic there's going to be at least one of me and I think there's a chance I don't know for sure, obviously very specifically, whether I think there's a possibility that you're in my abilities to actually be certainty to executive briefings will tend to achieve that Ben Do you have an outline I'm creating that language and being its instruction starts we have start recording and transcript that content was get dispersed in a weekend elegantly written like I need to do with a lot of this stuff it's complex because science interviewing data in so

Speaker 1  16:44
I'm hopeful then that as I think we can, I don't think there's a lot of wasted effort if we continue to be more content interviews I don't think there's a lot of wasted effort between now is going to represent good deeds. But can you get one of these try to sniff out the nouns make sense? Yep. And then so for this morning, we've got two options. One is going to get a whole other series of contents on data driven business and reception agreement where we can do that in Britain with the welcome data really nice.

Unknown Speaker  18:34
What is

Unknown Speaker  18:52
not a motion is there

Unknown Speaker  19:01
and proximity, it's a whole bunch of stuff. Separately, you can possibly buy your stuff. Right. Was one of the interesting things. There's one of the things that was very encouraged to do this. Literally don't tell anybody. And especially to the type of people that are well, they're not and we can be finite intervention.

Unknown Speaker  19:55
Intervention

Unknown Speaker  20:17
So as much as I want to get out every single day of the week that sounds good

Unknown Speaker  20:39
got to be sure that

Unknown Speaker  20:49
report was that was true

Unknown Speaker  21:18
you think there's enough practice mostly in context

Unknown Speaker  21:27
some breakthrough breaking news learning is there enough right

Speaker 1  22:45
what's what's what's what's what's going on?

Speaker 1  23:13
31 I had to like practicing the licensing stuff like that

Unknown Speaker  23:36
right so let's take a look at it obvious and early with that

Unknown Speaker  24:11
if you want to take a system life

Speaker 1  24:26
inside if you want most newsletters to follow a consistent brand we're going to profit students with a thread. We're having multiple topics kind of like different sections or departments.

Speaker 1  24:36
We could also consider having a section for exactly what I know. gone viral with crow's feet here are a few articles for April and Three of these types of articles you can read first below her and really that's in style so let's feed back on the train analogy if I were to take a Systems Thinking point of view though the analogy may not quite get to where you want it to go like the training here's why people want the business leader to seize opportunities to solve problems for a month holistic for stuff leads to more sustainable success correct. The question about the train analogy is if the business considers itself independent creation business and when the train actually be part of the overall system Yes, the track is a system but it's a substance that overall transportation system that makes sense. The track alone doesn't get stuck from point A to point B. There are often siloed some responsible for tracks a little more than what it is simply real personally with signaling any one area can optimize on their own but doing so usually sub optimizable endeavor in some way that's mentioned getting talked about later. Is that enough feedback that you could take it in and re integrate it versus upon it on the second draft integrated into this or do you need more systems made simple second draft

Speaker 1  26:44
I guess sound like getting into the idea that we practices it looks like it's just a teaser. Yeah that could be that

Unknown Speaker  27:01
way

Unknown Speaker  27:08
mean it could even

Unknown Speaker  27:25
we could even do something kind of like this

Unknown Speaker  28:03
Oh, I don't know what are your thoughts? Yeah, I need to expand this.

Unknown Speaker  28:58
And

Speaker 1  29:09
I would envision this is seems completely crazy, but there's no reason that we couldn't have sometimes users just inbox me and take my whole inbox. Zero thing and like, let's just lay the whole thing out like you're tired. My mice. Otter went in there while I was out on maternity leave and she's like, I take it over a number of people's inboxes and yours is by far the most organized and black have ever seen like

Speaker 1  29:45
this is also why people promise and so many like, you cannot live your inbox and like you know what it does? I mean, I actually kind of believe that because they've done it. I look at it. There's so much So it's the curse of knowledge I think this is another side note conversation I've had with my mentors but I have way under what they actually no then what about resorts so okay so that's systems made simple feedback

Unknown Speaker  30:42
then the

Unknown Speaker  30:58
you mentioned be nice I'd picture refactoring stories I can share.

Unknown Speaker  32:53
Alright so that's the second

Speaker 1  33:02
certainly sufficient and the second one was that it was the practice system right okay and this is one where we need to see my rights

Unknown Speaker  33:37
okay

Unknown Speaker  33:51
I know we're gonna go I'm going to restart the students


Transcribed by https://otter.ai