Speaker 1  00:03
So another familiar one, the reasons why needed, like lateral systems are important is because

Unknown Speaker  00:11
it helps diagnosis process. Problem, this number, this number is where I'm going to pick on our customer acquisition costs with you. Well, what is customer acquisition costs? Let's come back to it.

Speaker 1  00:31
How much does it cost them for the job? It's cost per lead. And then what is this? How much does it cost to convert those components for the sale, which is impacting the conversion? So a very simplistic working face varies, it says margin costs are out as well. Until you look at the entire business and you say, there's actually two things, if you understand rational business, then you understand that the problem may actually not that your customer acquisition costs are too high, it's possible that the economics of what you're selling is too low. So it could be both ways. So in some sense, when you're looking to diagnose issues, we help them to take a step back. Big picture. Let's reevaluate what you can do that. And, and so it is true that economics is a conversation. So how do we how do we fundamentally change? And be? How do we change the traditional market? So let's get started Kenyan prices. If it is a marketing problem, the global standard of marketing are starting to grow overspending on customer acquisition, then let's do that, well. cost per lead is not always the possibility. Because marketing is system. So the first stage of marketing is getting in front of control, in a cost effective way to get them to take some kind of next step. On a digital campaign, that's how many people have seen the map and click through because that is one second. So why don't we improve the diagnosis, looking down and saying, is the graphic working African appropriate? And yes or no. And then the next significant website, there's some kind of action to give them any fear of actually buying anything mentioned some kind of way? And that's the conversion rate into website and you've interacted with that specifically and say, is that any kind of at an acceptable level? If not, what tends to happen? Now there's a new ones here, probabilistic systems, which we'll get to which just dive into these questions. But we're gonna get to that. And then dependent for them. Third question, the purpose of acquisition is, is sales conversion rates. So my salespeople aren't converting? Well, the natural question is, why are there are these we need to look forward, you're naturally interested? Probably not getting back to your needs passing. Or salesmanship is a skills gap. It is a mindset gap. Look, if there was people targeted, not many offers that are going to Black Panther, they fill in the blank, all kinds of feeling that you can deal with. Yeah, that's really useful. So so you can see how understanding practice systems if you want to diagnose a business problem, you can go down, down down down in existence, but you have to be careful with this. Because let's say that you're selling a product and your product isn't premium products, and you're differentiating yourself from the commodity market. So your cheapest and cleanest they've been people rooting for everybody in the product. So that's making the numbers you can get, you can get people raising their hands $1 apiece, and I want this commodity product, and you lead them through the process in all of your desperate ways. And yet at the end of the day, we're just going to say that these are the bottom tier economic market and we literally do not Have a brilliant statement. I don't care if you're going with our belief, that's a waste of dollars. And so optimizing the process, by itself can actually hurt the overall performance of the system. So, whereas as you climb up the economic ladder, it is more difficult to get a potential, it's more expensive to reach them, everybody wants to go find a person who has the money to spend on marketing and some of that competition. And yet, paying 10 times or even 100 times x paying $100, to acquire one leads of that type of person is ultimately, they're gonna be easier to convert to, they're going to be a better customer. And so we're not even talking about let's just talk about purchase, or acquisition. In higher quality lead movies you heard. This doesn't even take into consideration the cost of the back end of fulfillment on the customer. If you have the right kind of testing, and then have your customer service, you'd have fewer returns in chargebacks, you're gonna have fewer issues on the back end to operational costs actually go down to having the right person go and reduce the customer acquisition process, which is why just looking at different acquisition costs, by itself doesn't fully answer the question is you might be worth it might be worth economically to the entire business to a, let's say, when costs are just for the sake of simplicity, these lead costs are $100 and your salesmen recording at 10%. And so constant diagnostics, it's possibly the worst pain that you've been starting to think that this product or service that is actually worth paying $3,000 for for the customer, because your $1,000 customers end up needing all kinds of supports and other stuff. So I think this is a really important practical example of why fractal systems are really important to everything and diagnostics. So why is it that we Catholic, one reason, one, reckless system, let's dive down and diagnose what is the specific issue that you need to address. But it also gives me a chance to take a step back and say, Yes, but if I make this adjustment here, am I actually still in alignment with the overall goal is what I'm trying to accomplish. And if you don't have that, so now there are ways that you can improve status. And one of the best way to get them printed back is your feedback. So a feedback loop can simply saying, you have the system that has an input, output, and somewhere you're feeding information back into the system that says this is better, somebody over here and saying this, this versus that this thing better than things better than never chance. So how does that work in marketing? Well, the really good part about this is if you have a side benefits of inevitable customer database, as you can see here, now the system is under graphics and demographics. And we can use that debt on the backend. You could even segment this employment if you owe customers, or you build, what are the Holding, holding for whatever number of customers that we knew the meaning. And so I'm gonna get back to the marketing team and say, we're going to analyze that, figure out what their traits are. Really effective agreement, you can say, here is the full set of criteria of the PPV invite. And based off of that, you can start identifying features and thinking why you're such a fourth, you can see here's, here's the thing to say, these are really, really interesting. And so and so then that's a feedback loop back to the marketing team, the marketing team, they do get feedback into into the ad networks. And say if your ad network, this guy that you simply revered, they can you can match that and you have your ideal customer and you can say this guy who reached out what he's worth with this other guy who's up close, and establish himself. So, so that now that's exactly and now, if you get your feedback and we're getting feedback, things becomes a form of advantage. Because now while everything else is just kind of a shotgun approach, you are optimizing your business in every time you hop in place. You're getting more daylight with Gene emerging immune system. And it becomes that much more difficult for people to catch up with you and to build this network of business based on the data that you actually collect. If it was, so yeah, I don't be politically correct. Those who are themselves devalue, understanding type of system or an understanding of data. We think that'd be the plan.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai