Speaker 1  00:01
Okay, great. So I'm getting lots of great messages, and good to hear. The pace is working for everyone, and I really agree. Thank you for all the the messages from everyone. This is super, super cool, super super cool stuff. And I'm getting lots of bonus time, double bonus time, and I haven't read all the chat. I'm just trying to scroll through quickly here. No one's no one's exceeded million bonus time yet. Lauren Goldstein still is the chips leader on that one, and Taryn is saying she's just not sure how to apply it to her business. I can understand that. Certainly I'm giving you guys some really, really excellent starting points, and it might require some thinking. And our program is an option if you want to know how to bend these, bend these tools towards your business. And obviously private consulting is always an option if you wanted to hire me to come into your business, to work deeply on them. Now, I think, before we go there, I think there's some other really important points we should cover some more great tools and and I'm going to dangle a carrot just a little bit here in just a moment. So I'm going to share my screen in three. Lauren, what are you laughing about? What do you what? Yeah, okay, all right, we're going to share my screen here in three, two and one. And okay, so we are. We're kind of plowing through. Jason, yes, but wait, there's more. And the best part is, but wait there's more is not because I'm like, upselling you. It's like, just giving you what you came for. Maybe it's more than what you came for. Maybe that's maybe that's maybe that's what it is. Where is my window? My window right here. CO, HQ, okay, perfect, great. So we know cash flow forecast is that's something that we're going to do once a quarter company financials and trends, so we have not looked at that yet, and that's also going to be quarterly. Payables is going to be monthly. Scoreboard is going to be weekly. This is quarter 1234, unearned revenue is going to be probably monthly. And, whoops, this is a double of that one. So let me just remove that there. Remove, remove, remove, and then free cash. I mean, you can use that whenever you want. You guys know how to do free cash at this point. You can do free cash once you've done these other pieces, right? Okay, great. So let's take a look at financials and trends historical and my goal in this next section is to make it through this and to make it through the scoreboard conversation, to make it through those two and that would definitely put us in a great spot for the home stretch. Okay, so historical, let's take a look at that

Unknown Speaker  03:01
file is in trash. That's not what I want to do. This isn't even the right one. What is? There we go. There we go. And this is the wrong one, yeah. So this one here, let me move to the trash. Do a little housekeeping on the fly.

Speaker 1  03:33
Okay, I got it, I got it, I got it. Okay, financials and historical. So what you're seeing here, this is the income statement for business. Now, obviously, I don't know all your items that go into your income statement, revenue and expenses, but you can see we've got revenue cogs, gross profit, expenses, total expenses, P bit, interest, taxes, net income. This is not news. This is stuff that you guys have seen before, and as we as we plot it into the sheet, we can now start looking at trends year over year over year. Okay, so we actually have a participant in the course who's generously volunteered real financials from his previous business. That's Peter. So maybe Peter, if you want to just unmute yourself, we all want to just like, see you and acknowledge you.

Unknown Speaker  04:28
Hola, everyone.

Speaker 1  04:30
Hola, hola, hola, hello. So Pete, and that's actually not even the right one. They wanted to pull up, Pete, actually, you know what? Pete, we'll come back to you in a minute. I'm just going to finish introducing the idea. So let's get you muted again. So, so this is an income statement for 19, this is an income statement for 18. This is an income statement for 17. Then from there, this is your balance sheet as of December 3120, 1617, 1819, you. And again, there's nothing different here, right? We've got assets, we've got liabilities, we've got equity. We've got short term assets here, like cash and accounts receivable. We've got long term assets like car or property. Got total assets. It's just the sum of the assets liabilities. We've got short term things like credit cards, short term like accounts payable. Now, obviously you're going to modify this for you. If you don't have a car in your business, then just delete it or change it to something you do have long term debt. So that's long term is anything that's worth that's going to last more than a year, right? And a debt to an investor, we're going to assume this is a multi year debt that we don't have to pay anything this year, total liabilities, and it's assets minus liabilities, gives us equity. And then we've got the year end. So in this company, it looks like the fiscal year end and the financial and then the calendar year end are the same, so December 31 and we stack them up side by side by side by side. So then from there, we've got guess what, no big surprise statement of cash flows, right? So we've got January, December of oops. I wanted to do that the other way. There we go. So January, December of 17, January December of 18, January December of 19. And you'll notice that this should match the income statement. January, December of 1718, and 19. I don't know why, but in a lot of financials, they'll always put the most current year here, and then an older year and then an older year. So it's like 19, 1817, which is kind of counterintuitive, because we think about the past on the left and the future on the right in Western culture. So that's why I always reorganize it to being left to right. So we really have diamond financials here, right? We've got end of the year, 1617, 1819, got an income statement for all of 17, all of 18, all of 19, and a Statement of Cash Flows all sending so we actually have, this is three years financials right here. So if you remember, I invited you guys to get your financials printed off and to get a hold of them. You can now drop them in here. You can now drop them in here, and you'll be able to start doing some of the cool stuff that we see right away here. Now let me find Peter's financials, because I'm going to have to show those to make sense of this next part here. Okay, Peter, where did your so that's Peter Lee, cashflow forecast, that's not what I want. I'm gonna need just a sec here, guys, we have to stop sharing. It's in the scene trends document, you and I discussed. It's in the Google doc recording.

Unknown Speaker  07:53
I just WhatsApp it to you, Tim,

Unknown Speaker  07:55
Oh, you did, okay. Let me get that opened up. Peter, okay, so this is now opening on my screen, which I'll share in just a Moment. Okay, sharing three, two and one.

Unknown Speaker  08:41
Okay, great, so let's drag this over so it matches. Oh, my God, did it just disappear altogether? Where'd it go? There we go. That

Speaker 1  08:57
would have been an instructor's worst nightmare. My Content just went away. Okay, no, you don't have links to this yet, you guys, the reason I didn't give it to you is because I want you to just focus on learning first on the screen and then learning in person with your numbers can come right afterwards. Okay, so if you take a look, you can see that this is, if we take this right here, which is the empty income statement, right there. Peter's now taken this, and he's put his info in, right? So this is a business that closed on October 31, 2014, right? So he adjusted the dates at the top right here. Year ended, October 3120, 1112, 1314, right? So he just took the template and he he, he modified it to fit hit the financials. He had revenue, right? Total Revenue, direct costs, gross profit, expense. Is. So then he went to more detail on the expenses. Right he's got his P bit line there, which is our P bit line here, interest and taxes. Pete, I'm already noticing that this interest in bank charges amount that probably would be a part of interest down here, just a quick heads up for filling this inaccurately. All you'd have to do is, just, if you still had access to this data, is you would just expand this down and the line item that's called interest, you would take that down here, and you'd leave bank charges up there. I see we've got his amortization, which you talked about as well, taxes zero and zero. The reason he's got no taxes is because their P bit or their earnings is negative. You don't pay you don't pay taxes when you've got negative earnings, right? All right, and net income at the bottom. Let's now take a look at balance sheet, and we're going to get Pete to tell us a little bit more about this business. And whatnot. In a bit, I'm just wanting to show you guys template versus real life, what they kind of look like when they're stacked up side by side. I can shrink that even more. Okay, so balance sheets from the template again, assets, liabilities, equity. Pete has filled in his assets, short term cash. He has inventory. He had other current assets, and he had property and equipment. So no car like so he took this one out, right here. Car, he just took it out. Now you also see, and this is actually very common, is some years there's just empty data. And so that nothing wrong with that, no problem. Just put in what you got, and we'll leave the empty data empty. This is a really good opportunity to talk about something called the chart of accounts. And so when you look at a real set of financials, you are. Let me pull this up for you. When you look at a real set of financials, there's going to be a set of like categories, right? So these are all categories. They're called accounts in accounting software. And that confused me for a while, because I thought an account was a bank account. I'm like, we're talking about money or talking about an account, so it must be a bank account. I don't have a bank account called inventories. I don't have a bank account called accounts receivable. I was really confused, and then I realized, oh no, no, no, no. That's just an accountant's way of talking about different categories of assets, different categories of liabilities, right? Different categories of expenses. And you'll sometimes see that they have a little number next to them. So this might be like expense. This might be account 1004, dash office expense. That's also very normal, just so that you've got a number next to it. It becomes a really easy to be able to say, to make a difference in in simplified financials and smaller businesses, it's not as important. But when we're talking about huge financials with, you know, huge categories and lots going on, all those little identifiers can be really helpful. So we've got an got an advertising and promotion account, amortization of tangible assets, account, account, account, account, account, account, account. So your chart of accounts, your chart of accounts is, what are all these different categories and and there's some that you can't change, particularly around tax accounting, because the government says, according to GAAP, which is generally accepted accounting principles, gap, we need certain categories on your official financials that get filed with your tax return, because different categories of expenses can be expensed and written off for taxes in different ways, right? So, for example, there's rules around meals and entertainment, right? You can only write off a certain percentage of meals, and I think you can't write off alcohol, at least. That's how it is in Canada. Again, this is not a tax course we're not going to get in the specifics of it, but the the expense, the category, when it comes to meals and entertainment, has to be its own thing. So that the government knows how your how your how your accountant is categorizing things and writing them off to make sure that you're being truthful, right, and on the right side of the line. Now, the fact of the matter is, there's a big gray zone, right? And, you know, a joke in accounting is that, you know, there's a line between right and wrong, legal and illegal, but it's a pretty wide line, like, it's a pretty fat line, and it's a lot of shades of gray in there. And that's something that just only you and your accountant can determine based on their philosophy and ethics, and your philosophy and ethics. And I'm not here to talk about anything aside from you heard from me that you should do things that are in line with the law I've now covered. My my butt. Okay? So we've so Pete has these different accounts right now. Peter's financials happen to be very simple. Peter happens a very simple so there wasn't in his financials. He actually ended up not having as much detail. No problem. We'll work with what we've got. You'll find that's oftentimes the way that you need to run with these things, is working with what you've got. Okay, so his balance sheet also had some liabilities. GST, that's a Canadian term Goods and Services Tax. It's the tax that businesses paid to the federal government on sales. Looks like Pete had an investor. Was a long term debt, and then from there, we had some equity. And Pete, maybe you can give me an update as to what this is from the last time you and I talked in a minute, okay, statement of cash flows, right? So this is the template I'm giving you. All right, start cash, OCF, ISEF, FCF, and cash. Pete, when he did statement of cash flows, what did he get? Drum roll, please. Nothing, because his accountant didn't give him one. Okay? No problem, no problem. So believe it or not, because we have everything on the income statement and the balance sheet, we've got a very good fighting chance we might actually be able to produce a statement of cash flows from the income statement in the balance sheet, right? If we've got, if we're only solving for one missing piece of information, and we have all the other information, then we can reverse engineer it, right? So now it would probably require a bunch of digging more than I'm willing to do within this course, and more that we even have time for. And given the fact this is a business that ended in a handful of years ago, and Peter has no longer maintained that bookkeeping relationship, most likely wouldn't even be able to do the forensic accounting if we wanted to. Okay, the learning point here is sometimes you just got to work with what you're given. And in this case, Pete was not given a statement of cash flows. If this is an active business, he could go to his accountant and ask for one. Okay, great, awesome. So that's kind of like in the real world, okay? And now, now I'm going to start introducing a new idea that you've likely I kind of hinted at it before. You may have never seen this before. It's the idea of common sizing. Common sizing is a hugely important tool to help us compare time periods that have different levels of activity. So on an income statement, so you can see this is the exact same income statement, right? It's the exact same income statement. If I were to click back and forth, you almost wouldn't even build total difference, except that this should be 17 and this should be 19, right? It looks absolutely that there isn't a stitch of difference between the two, because there isn't right until we actually look at it in real in real life. Okay, so this is back to Peter. This is his normal income statement with dollars and cents, right? And then this is his income statement, common sized. Oh, dang, right, pretty overwhelming. It's actually not overwhelming. It's actually not overwhelming. It's very straightforward, if we take every single one. So let's ask this question, is paying rent? I'm sorry, is management salaries of $35,000

Speaker 1  18:36
let's say 76 is management salaries of $76,000 so let's say that you're Pete. If you're Pete, do you want to be paid 76 grand or 83 grand? Obviously, 83 grand if you're Pete, the employee inside the business, okay? But if you're the level five investor that's looking at the performance of this company, you probably don't want to pay too much in salaries, right? You want to keep that as low as possible while having happy staff that are doing a great job. Okay, so if we were to ask ourselves, what's better? Is it better? If we're the level five investor, you know, looking over this business, is it better? Is $76,000 better or worse than $83,000 who's got an idea about that? Pete you're not allowed to answer, because we already talked about this. Doesn't it depend on what you're measuring or what your goal is. Okay? So my goal is to have the most efficient management salaries possible. That's what my goal is. Repeat your question again, I would like to so I'm going to assume in both cases, that my customers are happy, okay, and my staff is happy. Okay, they're performing at a level that's satisfactory to each other and to our customers. How do I tell in which case have I managed management salaries, better, more value for my dollar based on delivery costs. Okay, that's one, okay, interesting thought. What other ideas do we have?

Unknown Speaker  20:22
Well, 2014 looks better because, in proportion to the revenue, it's a lot lower. Ah,

Speaker 1  20:29
interesting idea. Interesting idea. So you might, at first glance, say 76 is better because it's lower, but look at what management produced. In this year, management produced $171,000 in revenue, and in this year, management produced $241,000 in revenue, $70,000 more in revenue on just $7,000 more in salary, if we're if we're talking about revenue, for talking about net income. The previous year, they had negative $81 in net income, and the next year they had positive $16,724 in net income. So I was able to improve by $17,000 let's say. And what happens management salaries, they only went up by seven. So seven turned into 17 in terms of net income. That's pretty good, right? So the the way that this is typically done in accounting, and you actually could, you could do this other ways and get real creative about it, the way that this is typically done in accounting is dividing by a percentage of revenue, and so that's what common sizing means on an income statement. So if we common size Pete's numbers, and let me just actually, I probably should have used my Excel skills to remove any zeros, because that would really make this look a lot prettier. So we can see right here that management salaries represented 44% of sales, and we can see here that management salaries represented 34% of sales. So that means management we're spending less by percentage on management, which then also means I've got more margin available for other things, right? If I'm spending less on management, I've got more margin available for other things, including net income for the business, 6.91% compared to negative point, oh, 5% so there's two powerful forces kind of coming together here. First of all, ask this question, and if you're at my alliance of conscious entrepreneurs presentation, I know Lauren was so again, don't spoil the good news, Lauren. Would you like to have a business that has a million dollars in cash in the bank?

Speaker 1  23:13
Peter says, yes, yes, yes, okay. Lauren sing bonus, bonus time again, she's at 1,000,001 let's get some more votes in would you like to have a business that has a million dollars of cash in the bank that depends? Yes, okay, Chris says it depends. Chris, what

Speaker 2  23:36
do you mean? From on? Well, where did it come from? Maybe you just got financing.

Speaker 1  23:43
Ah, okay, yeah, so maybe the million dollars in the bank is just alone. It's not, it's not. OCF, okay, good point. Yep, very, good point. What else? What other what other opinions? What other votes do we have out there?

Speaker 2  23:58
Also depends what type of resources it took to create that million.

Speaker 1  24:03
Okay, okay, can you say a little bit more about that? Chris,

Speaker 2  24:09
well, if you got a million dollar business and it created a million, fantastic. But if you had $100 million business and it created a million, not so great.

Speaker 1  24:19
Okay, interesting. Jason. All says, Sure, it depends. Jason, can you please unmute yourself and let us know? Speak

Unknown Speaker  24:26
to us, yes. So

Speaker 1  24:30
it depends on if I need that much cash in the bank and if it could be put

Unknown Speaker  24:35
towards better use somewhere else to make more money.

Speaker 1  24:40
Okay, I like that. Yeah, good. Well, so first of all, I think everyone needs to be applauded for, for instead of just jumping at it and saying, Well, of course, a million dollars is a great thing, because pretty much everything when it comes to businesses, and it depends, right? And it comes down to clarifying. The question clear. Clarity of question equals What's that expression? I think Edward Deming said, a problem well defined as half solved, a problem well defined as half solved. This brilliant, absolutely brilliant. So there's this, this funny expression in the restaurant industry, that the fastest way to have a restaurant that has a million dollars in the bank is to start with a restaurant that has $10 million in the bank. It's a notorious industry for losing massive amounts of money, because people will spend a ton on building out the dining room into being just this absolutely gorgeous place with amazing industrial kitchens and the startup fee costs on it, on an on a restaurant, can be just astronomical, right? So, so great, yeah, is a million dollars a Do you want to have a business with a million dollars? It depends and and how we can get more clarity is, uh, is, is actually by comparing so actually, Mark Willis, I'm curious to know what, what information, what's, what's, what's some added information we could throw in the mix here to start clarifying some more,

Speaker 3  26:18
we'd have to deal with all different aspects. I mean, that's cash in the bank. I've had businesses with way more than a million dollars cash in the bank. You could have a lot more liabilities than a million dollars cash in the bank. You could have, you could have overhead two and a half million dollars a month. I don't I think it's entirely too little information be able to judge.

Speaker 1  26:41
I love that. Yes indeed, yes indeed. Thank you, Mark. Really appreciate you chiming in. So, so everything, everyone has said, Yeah, Jason Hall just said, accounts payable could be $2 million right? So it's amazing how much in in in business, even in life, is in as compared to what, as compared to what. And so if we were just to really make this super simple, and if we were comparing rent from one year to the next, we could take a look and say, is 56.8% good or bad? How does that compare to the year next to it? Or if we were to do on $1 basis, is $4,900 for supplies, better or worse, let's look what's next to it. Let's look right. And by going year over year, we now start to see trends, which immediately starts to to reveal if we're kind of on an upward trajectory or a downer trajectory. Then from there, when it comes to now, if we add common sizing. On top of that, we've now got a trend, right? Because we're comparing years and we're adding a common size to be able to know. Now the one thing to just be careful of is just understand if positive or negative is a good thing, right? So gross profit here, the bigger the number generally, the better. Okay, whereas something like, you know, expenses, usually, the smaller the number, the better. So just make sure you've got your logic hat on, and you're making sure you're clear about better or worse, better or worse. And so when we take a look at this, so actually, before we go any further, Pete, please unmute yourself. Introduce us to what is this business. Tell us the story of what started the business, what the progression of it was, and tell us about kind of the final chapter, if you can, kind of just give us in maybe two minutes, yeah, the story arc of what happened and what we're seeing on the screen here?

Speaker 4  28:41
Sure. Yeah. So this was a CrossFit gym that me and a buddy started in back in, I think, end of 2010 so, yeah, the story is we're in our space that was 1500 square feet, and we grew and grew, and we had a three year lease on that space. So after three years, the lease was up, and we in our capacity was up to in that space. So we couldn't really fit any more clients in a single class, so we had to look for a new space. And we went shopping around, and we found a space. Finally, that was 4500 square feet, so that's triple the size from 1500 and expenses go up with that, and everything else goes up with that. But income doesn't really go up with that immediately. So anyways, we didn't know any numbers. We were just managing our business through our checking account, so we just looked on in our bank account, and if there was money, we made decisions and we spent money. If there wasn't, then we didn't. So at that point, I think we had 20 grand saved in the bank. We signed a lease for the new space, and then, as we were operating that new space obviously had to spend a ton of money on like random. And kind of fixing it up a little bit. But once you got that going, our bookkeeper, at the time, was sending me income statements each month and letting us know that we were making $1,000 to $2,000 profit each month. So to me, I'm like, awesome. You know, it's great news on paper. You know, there's profits going up. And then as time went on, I just kind of started noticing in my bank account, there was less and less cash in my bank account. And it came to a point where we wanted to get a loan just to get more money to help us operate, and the banks wouldn't loan us any money because our financials weren't good. And then we had finally got a third party lender at a higher interest rate, for sure, I think we got about 10 or 15 grand from them. And then this was in October of 2014 in the new space. And I remember, once we got that loan, I was like, I really got to solve this problem, of like, what's going on, and really understand what my numbers are looking at. So I like, went home this Friday night. I remember this Friday night, went home, opened up Google Sheets, went to my bank account, I did like a simple cash flow forecast. I didn't know that's what it was called at the time, but I just went to my bank account, tallied up all the expenses and tallied up all the income. So I went back, like six months, and I realized that we were losing about $1,000 to $5,000 a month. And I was like, holy smokes. Like, what's going on here? And then I also forecasted the next couple months with the new money that just came in, the $10,000 that just came in. And this was October, so November, we would have been positive around $3,000 but by December, we would have been negative again. So I was like, at that point, I was like, Okay, we're done. Like we got to shut down. Like there's no way we're gonna, I'm not gonna take this 10 grand and last another two months and then be upside down again. So at that point, yeah, I just realized that we were done. And when I dug a bit further, I realized that the bookkeeper in the income statements that she was sending us, so in Canada, when you pay we paid ourselves as an employee, like a salary that's that's what our accountant kind of suggested. So we have to pay like CPP and EI kind of contribution employment insurance or Yeah. So we had to pay that depending on how much we paid ourselves at the pay a portion of percentage of that. So that could range from 1000 bucks to 2500 bucks each for both me and my business partner. So she didn't factor in that cost into our income statements, which, which was why our income statements were positive. It seemed like we were making, you know, 1000 bucks to 2000 bucks each month profit. So, yeah, it's just, it's just a case of not knowing your numbers, so we didn't know any of our numbers, we kind of delegated what we didn't know, and we put trust into, you know, other people into our business. And yeah, it's just no one's like thinking back to it now it wasn't anyone's fault, except for myself, and it was a great learning experience, and yeah, it was, yeah, that's when we kind of shut things down and told our clients, and by the end of the month in October, we were done.

Unknown Speaker  33:53
And what? What's your top three lessons learned from that?

Unknown Speaker  34:01
Yeah, yeah. So don't delegate what you don't know for sure,

Speaker 1  34:08
another thing. So I'll just quickly grab right there. If you're going to be the surgeon in the room, then you gotta know strategy, high level skill, high level access. If you're not going to be the surgeon in the room, because you're going to hire a lawyer to be the surgeon in the room of law, or an accountant to be the surgeon in the room of accounting, or something like that. You'd better at least be able to speak the language to communicate with whoever is the surgeon in the room, who's going to be the expert authority in the area with the deep knowledge, who can give you the strategy, high level skill, high level access. You'd better be able to at least speak 1% of what's going on in that surgery room, so you can give them vision, and you can also ask them questions and hold them accountable. So great. Keep going. Pete,

Speaker 4  34:50
yeah. Second thing I think would be, um, well, I just had it here. Um. Um, so, yeah, don't delegate. We don't know. The second thing would probably be, oh yeah. When making big financial decisions like talk to someone that knows what they're doing, we it was like it was pure impulse, pure emotional when we looked at that new space and we saw, Oh my god, it's so big, it's beautiful. We didn't do any numbers to backtrack, like how much the rent would be, how much utilities would be if we could afford it, how long that 20 grand we had in the bank saved, how long that will last us. So again, like that cash flow forecast just having that, or if you're not willing to do that, just at least talk to someone who is an outside source that isn't in the business so that their emotions aren't attached to that decision.

Speaker 1  35:49
Okay, love it. Pete, thank you. We really, really appreciate you open up the kimono here and really bringing reality to it. And there is, you know, yes, thank you. Yes, absolutely. Um, their numbers tell a story. Numbers tell a story. And we're going to talk about that in just a sec before we do, before we do, um, check this out. Annie Pratt taught me this. Annie Pratt, she helped scale coffee bean, if you ever seen coffee bean locations, from three locations to like as like 150 locations. And the average revenue per location was 900 grand, so around a million bucks. So she had like $150 million $151 million businesses, which is just incredible. So, so I've had a great opportunity to chat with her, and she drew this drawing for me. So as revenue goes up, right? That's what this line is, you know, I mean, it's, that's never gonna be that flat. It's gonna be, you know, a little Ziggy, zaggy. But let's just say, conceptually, let's say it's more or less flat, okay, just for learning purposes. Let me clean that up. There's going to be expenses. If you remember, we talked about this, there's going to be expenses that that, you know, if this is expenses, there's going to be expenses over time that are going to climb at the same time as revenue. What do we call those expenses? Variable, variable cost? Yeah, what are some other names for the same thing, a variable expense is also indirect, direct, direct cost. That's right, because we're asking ourselves, what are the costs directly associated with making my next sale? Right? Also known as cost of goods sold, also known as cost of sales, right? So that's our slope cost, right? Now we also have step costs. So if you start as a solopreneur, you've got very little overhead, okay? And then over time, you then might end up hiring a teammate, right? And if you're paying that team at a flat amount per month, it's probably going to look something like this. And then revenue is going to keep catching up. And then as you keep growing, you're going to say, we got to do something else, and you nick the next big investment in overhead, right? Maybe, maybe, like Pete, you said, Hey, we need a new space. And so that's that was the next big step for them, right? So anytime, when we do that, anytime that we are here, we are in the money we have, all this is the profit zone right here. There's usually tons of money because we have very little overhead relative to how much revenue right then we make this big investment, and we take a big, a big, big, big step in overhead, and now we're oftentimes upside down, or a bare minimum, we are heavily reduced in how profitable we are, and we need some time for revenue to catch up. And then guess what? Now we're back in the money. This is really exciting, right? And then after that, we make the next big step, right? And, oh, now we got this like valley of death again, and that's, you know whether you want to set on a micro scale with hiring a person or a macro scale, growing a company growth sucks cash, right? And that's why, in growing companies, we see valleys of death, right? I don't know who said who called it valleys of death, but I've seen it a lot of places. I've seen it in scaling up. I've seen a bunch of places, and so, excuse me, I just sneeze. Did I get the mute button fast enough? That was impressive. Okay, good. So then, so then the question becomes, in, in our spots, right here, where our profitability is. Is significantly less and maybe even negative, right, which is the same spots as right here is, do you have the cash in your war chest, whether it's OCF, ICF or FCF? Do you have the cash to make it through the valley? Do you have the cash to make it through the valley? And if you don't, then you either go to business or you slide backwards, one of the two. So and again, you can put, you can put that money there from ICF, OCF or FCF, but we got to put it there to get to the other side, right, or else we slide backwards, or we just go to business, right? So, Pete's business had this, you know, this, this kind of phenomenon happening right where we've got, you know, and we can literally see it in the numbers, right? We can literally see it in the numbers. We can see that his profit margin was negative, 35 negative to break even, plus 6.91 right? And then it was, it was the second last month or third last month of this year that they went and got the new space. So truth be told, had they just stayed in the old space, which was way less expensive. We can see that rent was, look at the dollar number. It was about $20,000 a year, and it jumped all the way to $54,000 a year, right? If we would have stayed at the previous space, we would have had the difference of these two. So what's the difference? So if I go, equals this minus that, that's $24,000 if we well, actually, we could look at it differently if all we did was if we could add an extra $30,000 back, plus they also spent money on in here, in repairs and maintenance on the New space, paint and drywall and all the rest, plus they probably, I'm going to guess, had some something happened with equipment, because you're going to have more equipment to furnish a new space, right? So if we didn't have, if we look, maintenance, is never more than $2,000 so there's probably six grand here, right? And then there was, like, probably 20, there, six or 20. I don't know, Pete, does that seem about right? I'm just looking at the jump here from 30 to 50. Yeah, it looks about right. Okay, so if we've got from 30 to 50, is 20 plus if we had, if we, if we didn't have to, if we didn't spend that 20, and we didn't spend about six here, if we added $26,000 to the bottom line here, or at least to P bit. So if we had this divided by 20, I'm sorry, this plus $26,000 P bit would have been $42,000 did you guys sign up a bunch of members in that last month or two? Or is it fairly steady?

Speaker 4  43:05
Our last month? We did a promo, I believe, in the summer, so probably a few months beforehand. Okay, yeah, but I don't think, I don't think we signed up too many people in that last month.

Speaker 1  43:17
Okay, so then, if anything, then you're at your advertising and marketing went up. And actually, we can see it right here, $6,000 compared to 4800 right? So that would be another $1,000 we could put back right if we were to rewind the clock and just stay the course, right? And so if revenue is the same, so this equals that 341, 241, 875, had we not made the move, then we would have ended up at and let's just see here. Oh yeah, you guys didn't pay any tax because you didn't have any earnings, but even if we said 20% so this equals that times on. Actually, you guys had so many losses carried forward from previous years, right, that you would have been able to write off against those losses too. But even if you didn't have that advantage, we're playing conservative here. You would have kept let's see here. So if we now have P bit of 43,000, minus eight equals this divided by whoops, I'm sorry, equals this minus that, we'd add about $35,000.30 $5,000 equals This, divided by that, we would have been at 15% oops. We would have been at 15% right. And if we take a look here, common sized they're at six, they're at seven. So they went from zero to seven to 15% right. Had they not moved so now, now they got asked themselves, are they okay? Okay with that, right? Because $35,000 in net income plus management salaries. So let's just see what they were paying themselves as managers, those two guys. So they're, they're, you know, each making 40 grand a year. They could have added another, you know, 15 a piece. They would have been at $55,000 a year, and that would have maxed out the space. There was no more room. And for them to make the next step, they would have had to. And so this is part of what Pete and I were kind of working on, is if we were to and we didn't have much time to do this, but if we were to start so they ended in 2014 we asked ourselves, what would it look like, if they would have stayed open, or what would it have taken? And if you remember from our modeling, let's see if I can throw that up here. Unfortunately, I closed it the let's see if I can pull this up again my drive and know your numbers. And presentation, and here we go. When we take a look at modeling, where did that go? I got a backup one, financial modeling, right? So all we'd have to do is just take a look at, like, what kind of variables would we be looking at here?

Unknown Speaker  46:39
What's going on here? Oh, this is not Pete's.

Speaker 1  46:47
So if we were taking a look, is this Pete? Oh, my goodness, you guys, I am on fire.

Speaker 1  46:58
Okay, here we go. So if we were to take a look at Peters, this is where the business ended in 14, and we started to do some modeling, which is really just this process here, to say, what can we expect we'd actually be able to forecast to see where do we think that we're going to be right? So one of the questions, I think, is maybe it was Brandon Jones or someone else asked me what tools I had for additional forecasting and modeling. When you can take financials of the past and combine it with this modeling tool, you start coming up. First of all, it forces you to ask some questions, like, how much does it actually cost to get a new member? In Pete's case, how much does it how much? How many more trainers would I need? How much more equipment would I need? What's the maximum number of people that we could draw to a CrossFit gym from a given population area? It forces us to be far more like rigorous around the questions that we're asking in the research that we're doing to even be able to come up with a forecast. And so when you can get to a point that you do have a forecast, kind of like I did here at this modeling. Now, let's say, for example, this was a business and I needed to go and get some I wanted to raise some money on it, I can literally say to someone, well, here's some assumptions on what I think. You know, what I think is going to happen. Furthermore, let me just hide those rows. There we go. This is what I think is going to happen. Furthermore, I believe that my salesperson is able to generate 30% close rate or better, because in the last six months of him working in our business, he went from 27 to 32 to 39 and he's currently at 41% so 30% close rate is conservative. And I could say another assumption this rides on is that I can that my marketing person can generate clicks at what did we say? Cost per click of, I think we said $150 per per click, I'm sure, per per sales meeting. And I know that because they've done it over the last three years as a consultant. They've worked in 15 different companies and helped generate multi million dollar success five times, right? And I start talking about the management team that can get the work done, and the work that gets done is going to produce these numbers. Now, I've got this integrity of thought that now someone who's looking to invest can have something to lean into, and furthermore, for ourselves, it gives us clarity around making decisions looking forward. So this is the kind of thinking and research and modeling that's available once you know how to just do a couple simple things, right? There's, there's nothing really complicated. It is some legwork. I'll give you that. Okay, so I'm going to wrap this up with one more small tool here. Okay, and that is around balance sheets. So I should have added a tab. And Peters, but we can actually do the same thing with balance sheets. We can common size it. The way that it gets common size on a balance sheet is against total assets. It's not total revenue. That's what income statements, that's how we do that's what we do, how we do our common sizing there. But on a balance sheet, we see we see it against total assets. So the summary here is that your financials actually tell a story, and they tell a story that literally reveal what happened. So in looking at Peter's numbers, all I'd have to do is look at this number to that number. I'd say that's pretty stable. That's pretty stable. Whoa. What happened here? Right? What caused this really big jump? This is an X marks the spot, and so I could literally highlight it in yellow. Okay, that's interesting. It would also jump out over here in terms of common sizing, like wow. Rental bro plummeted from 56 to 23 to 16, and then it went back up to 22 what changed, right? I can also look here and say, Hmm, office expenses went from 4% to 1% to 3% to 13% what happened, right? And so I might highlight that and say, what happened? And Peter might say, Oh, well, lo and behold, we moved into a new space, and so we needed new office furniture. Right? To go with the new space, I can look at licenses and fees, 2% 4% 10% Whoa, what happened? But then zero, like, what happened there? Right? Grab the bucket. I let it in yellow, right? And now we've got all these places we can ask questions. Now all of this is predicated on something else, and that's that your bookkeeper and accountant is putting the expenses into the right categories, right? Like, I don't know if I would put leasehold improvements, which is what it's called when you renovate or you remodel somewhere. I don't know if I'd put that into repairs and maintenance. Repairs and Maintenance sounds like I'm putting some putty on the wall of the CrossFit gym because someone dropped the barbell and it left the dent in the wall. Right? Leasehold improvements, I think that should be its own category. And if it's enough, you actually amortize, I'm sorry, you depreciate leasehold improvements over the number of years until you think you're going to remodel again, right? Which might be five years. So this is, this is why chart of accounts is a really big deal, and that you can be clear in your chart of accounts and also give your accountant, I'm sorry, your bookkeeper, clarity on what it is that you want to see in the chart of accounts, so that they can make sure they're categorizing it properly. So that when you run a report like this, if you've got numbers that are jumping out at you, they're legit numbers that reflect reality. So when I work in companies, I get hired to come in, I look at their financials. I look at everything, you guys, I'm doing exactly what I'm showing you here, and I'm just noticing where do we have big changes from year to year, and where do we have something that seems like disproportionately large within a year, or something that seems disproportionately large between years on one particular line item or One particular account, as you might say, okay, okay, let's take a break. Let's take a break. Let's go until five five. Let's go until 435 Central, so 35 minutes after the hour. Okay. Thank you very much.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai