Speaker 1  00:03
And welcome everybody to day three of know your numbers, and it's a really, really important time, both as leaders of our businesses and also in the world at large. To start the day off, I want to share with you a very, very cool video, really showing you guys what's possible when you are moving from moving into a place of financial clarity, of a place of financial ability and a place of really getting clear and candid about what makes true financial progress in in business. And so I'm going to I'm going to share with you a really fantastic story, if you guys ever want to access the story, this is actually in the members area, which you guys are gonna have access to here right away of the Know your numbers online course. So last year, we brought a professional camera crew in, and we actually shot a live edition at a hotel with two cameras and professional microphones and all the rest and one of our board of advisors members, Justin eckerich, happened to be here. He was here in from Kentucky, and he shared where he was at prior to really having clarity and ability financially, and then where he got to and really the impacts that made on him and his family. A little bit about Justin. Justin is he the founder of a company called appliance repair marketing. And so what appliance repair marketing does is they do lead generation for appliance repair companies. So if you've got a Bosch dishwasher, and you go on the internet and you search for Bosch repairman Austin, Texas, it's behind the scenes. It's probably Justin's team that made that ad show up at the top that had you click through to go to whichever Mr. Appliance, or whatever the appliance company might be. Justin started as a solo printer. He started simply by learning about pay per click and Adwords. Did all of it on his own, and over time, has since grown to having numerous team members, multi million dollar company, and is, I think, a really shining success now. Now Justin will also share his personal story. He is not an MBA. He does not have a business degree. In fact, at one point, he was living in the back of a pickup truck in San Francisco.

Unknown Speaker  02:58
The there's a

Speaker 1  03:01
lot of color to Justin's story. And if you ever get the chance to meet him in person one day, you really want to shake this guy hand. Guy's hand. He went from being a top prospect to go to the NFL to living in the back for pickup truck in San Francisco to coming all the way back and now being this amazing success story. And you know, Justin's the kind of guy that he he probably would have been successful, successful sooner or later. And I just, I was just really great, grateful I was able to help him accelerate that by by having him in board of advisors, and to really allow him to make true progress, rather than feel frustrated, perpetually being focused on six figure, seven figure, business level, the vanity metrics that we talked about other. Other thing to know is in the very beginning of Justin's story, which I'll share with you in just a moment here, Justin talks about they had $64,000 in invoices. Invoices out, is what he said. What he means by that is that his marketing agency had sent out $64,000 of invoices and they were waiting to be paid. They're waiting so it's not like he owed $64,000 in invoices. That's not what he's talking about. He's talking about he had sent them out to customers and was waiting to get paid. Okay, so we've got a very quick couple questions. Justin eckerich, Justin ek term in the chat box. Okay, good. So I'm going to share my screen again here. And if we can just maybe give me a thumbs up to confirm that once I start the video, you can hear it properly, that would be fantastic. Let me make this full screen again

Unknown Speaker  04:58
and, uh.

Unknown Speaker  05:03
A full screen here.

Speaker 1  05:20
So let's zoom out to actually just talk a little bit more about your board of did you guys? You guys could hear that? Yes. So we're seeing talk right now. You're seeing my Evernote. Doc, okay, thank you, Peter. Okay, you see a video now. Yeah, okay, great. And sound check again here advisors experience and really hone in on okay, we're hearing the video from the time, from the video. Okay, awesome. Thanks. All right, here we go. Like, you know the results you got and how you got there, because they're pretty extraordinary. So I'll pull those numbers up again and and help us understand then, how could it possibly be that okay? And also, before Justin gets into his story, I want you guys to be able to get a chance to just take a sec to digest this in 10 months from December 31 2016 until October 31 2017 Justin's sales went up by 28% his profit went up by 161% his cash in the bank went up by 928% think about that sales, sold is different than earnings. Earned is different than cash collected. And I'll confirm for you that this 928% it's not like he just got a loan and brought a bunch of cash in from investors or something like that, but that was earned revenue that he that he brought in. It was, it was, it was a combination of OCF, IC, FCF is always a significant amount of it, though was was OCF by far the largest amount. So he went from having on December 31 2016, $13,784 to 141,006 59 so in 10 months, that's cash going up by 928% revenue went up from 560, to 978, to 715, 383, so sales up by 28% and you'll hear in the video, he talks about how that was probably just the natural, organic growth of them just getting better and better at what they do. And that's fantastic when I think about board of advisors. And oftentimes, the role that I play with companies, it's not about Max we're not talking anywhere near as much about maximizing revenues. You are talking about keeping more money and collecting it and putting profit and cash in the bank. Profit went from 97,003 15 all the way up to 250, 4041, he did a lot of really great work managing expenses and taking a look at offerings, getting different team members in place. So profit went up by 161, and then, as I mentioned, cash went by 920, 8% so when you know how to move the needle, and when you understand that there's more to business than just sales, now you can focus on the whole picture, and you can move the needle on what actually makes true, true progress in your business. Okay, here we go. A business could have was it 28% increase in sales, and actually, let's, let's back it up one step, and let's see how things gone since then.

Speaker 2  08:37
So right about this time you want me to tell the vacation story? Oh, yeah, because it's similar time frame. Yeah, it's right. Oh, this is great. So I think my second board of advisors meeting so we're, we're going on vacation at Spring Break. So it might have been right around the first, actually, first board of advisors meeting, and I've got like, six or $7,000 in the bank, and total,

Unknown Speaker  09:12
total six or seven grand total in the business bank account.

Speaker 2  09:16
It's the end of the month, and we've got $65,000 in invoices that's about to go out. So the way that I thought about my financials was, we're good. We've got these invoices that are fixing to come in. Let's go on vacation.

Speaker 1  09:31
So he's got $65,000 that he sold, and he's waiting for it to come in. He sent 65 grand of invoices out. Customers haven't paid

Speaker 2  09:38
yet. So usually when we send out our invoices, we'll get, like, at that time, we would get, like, 10 or $15,000 coming immediately, just immediately, you know, the rest of it would trickle in. But I knew that we had money coming in, so that's how I made my decision that we would go on vacation. Well, we spend the money to book the hotel. Hotel and plan the vacation, and all the venues and all that we you know, we already paid for that. We're on vacation, and all the sudden, my bank account goes from 6000 to like 2500 so all these expenses came out that I hadn't accounted for, and so now I'm starting to sweat a little bit. So we've got 2500 bucks. We're in Michigan, like five hours away, and imagine, like, the message in a bottle, sort of romance story, right? There's like white sandy beach, red and white lighthouse. It looks like Cape Cod. Totally like a chance to unplug and get away, and the whole time I'm like, barking at my family because I'm so stressed out, like I can't even tell you what that did to me emotionally that weekend, like I was so, so stressed. Oh, I forgot to tell you. So it was on a weekend. We sent the invoices out on Friday. Stupid me. I didn't realize that Monday was a national holiday, so we've got 2500 in the bank. The invoices were supposed to go out. I counted on the invoices went out on a Friday, so I'm counting on that money coming in the next day, it's Saturday, the invoices aren't going to run. I'm not going to get money in my account. I'm thinking, Okay, fine. Monday will come in, we're going to we're going to be able to squeak by. Monday is a holiday. Like, I am freaking out while we're on vacation. It was, like, the worst vacation ever. Like, I'm just like, I can't even describe like, barking is probably a nice way of saying it like I was just, I can't even describe it. It was horrible. And so I go to board of advisors. This is December 31 I don't know when I joined, but these are real numbers. So December 31 I think I'm good, right? I've got like, 13 grand in the bank. I don't know how much I've got coming in and invoices or whatever. To me, I'm thinking in my mind, like I'm good, like, look at my revenue, 560,000 a year in revenue. Like we're making money. I've got money in the bank. But basically, at that time, the way that I managed my business was just basically, but like, what's in the bank account? You know, that's the way I manage my business. And the way that I thought about my finances was, how much revenue do we have coming in? If I've got 65 grand coming in, I've got 65 grand I can spend. That's how I thought, you know, and it got me in a lot of trouble. I show up at board of advisor, board of advisors, and I think it was after December 31 so I don't know if, if that's the right number that was in my account. It was probably around 13 or 16,000 and Tim starts digging into the numbers. He's like, okay, so what kind of expenses do you have? What kind of taxes do you have? I was behind on my taxes two years, like I owed the IRS two years worth of taxes. And for whatever reason, I didn't think about that as part of my financial health. You know, I just didn't know. This is a time where, you know, we're talking about avoiding the accountant, like I would never answer his emails. I would never answer his calls. Like, I would avoid him like the plague. I would just ignore him month after month after month. I would ignore him because I was terrified. Like, this was it's not even a phobia. It was deeper than that. You know, it would make me sick. It would make my stomach turn thinking about financial so

Speaker 1  13:50
if we thought about your equity of your company, you would have 14 grand in cash. You would have the 65,000 in accounts receivable, and then you had something five figures or more in taxes. It's quite possibly that your whole business was actually upside down.

Speaker 2  14:07
Yeah, I think, I think I owed the IRS, like 4040, grand or something like that. But I didn't, I didn't know. I didn't think about it. I had them on a payment plan. You know, it's whatever it's paying them $400 a month, which was the minimum, and they let me get by. So we're in good shape, right? The major aha moment for me was we're at board of advisors, and Tim, like has this hammer, and he's like cash. He says, revenue is not profit and profit is not cash. Revenue is not profit and profit is not cash. Revenue is not profit and profit is not cash. And he's like, hammering us over and over and over and over, and then all of a sudden, it's like, I have this epiphany, like, Oh, now I know what happened at St Joseph, Michigan that weekend. Oh my gosh. I. Get it, you know. And so one of the takeaways for me was, you know, very same exercises that we're going through today at the end of the meeting. My goal that I had committed to my North Star was that I would focus on cash in the bank, and whenever we left that meeting, that was my main goal. I was pumped up. I had a very singular focus. I wasn't focused on anything else. The other 500 things on my to do list got put on the back burner, and my only focus was cash in the bank and so, you know, we didn't have a whole lot more sales. I think that was probably just normal, like that was normal growth. We didn't focus on sales, signing up new clients, new marketing, anything that was just kind of just natural, organic growth.

Speaker 1  15:54
But for the people in the back, can you tell us what you went from and to in revenue? So, for like, so

Speaker 2  15:59
revenue, December, 31 2016 we went from about 561,000 revenue. October 31 2017 so this like 10 months later, our revenue was 715,003 83 so $150,000

Speaker 1  16:22
in revenue, yep. And then tell us about your profit, dollar amount growth, and then your margin, percent

Unknown Speaker  16:27
growth. So profit went from 97,000 in December 31 2016 to 254,000 in October, 31 2017

Unknown Speaker  16:38
it said. And then what was your margin before and after?

Speaker 2  16:42
Our margin was 17% and up to 36%

Speaker 1  16:48
so had Justin kept the same profit margin of 17% here to here on an increase of sales from 560 to 715, he would have had $121,000 600 in the bank. He had $254,000 in the bank. The same time that he grew sales by 28% he grew profit by 161% and that's 161% on the whole amount. Huge, huge, huge, huge difference. So this is a balance sheet drawn on December 31 and October 31 So that right there is a balance sheet item, revenue, profit margin is cash income statement item. And so this is for the 12 months prior, and this is for the 10 months from January one until October 31 so we're

Unknown Speaker  17:41
comparing 12 months to 10 months. Exactly. The story is way better than

Speaker 1  17:45
that slide is it'll Well, his cash in the bank will continue growing by another like you said, 20% so yeah, so keep going.

Speaker 2  17:55
I think it was just optics. You know? It was just focusing on the right thing and understanding what the drivers were in my business. And really, I mean, like I said yesterday, you know, you're not going to probably absorb 95% of this class. I mean, you're going to learn it and you're going to write it down, but you might, you're probably not going to master 99% in this class, but you're going to absorb it subconsciously. And there's certain little things that you're just going to internalize. I'm sure there's already five or six things that you've picked up since you've been in here the past couple days, those five or six little things, or maybe two or three little things, all of a sudden, you're going to go back to your business and you're going to say, oh my gosh, going to say, oh my gosh, let's do this a little bit different. Let's do this a little bit different. Let's do this a little bit different. You know, one thing I said yesterday, earlier today about our Merchant Account Services. I mean, that's a huge driver for us. $1,500 a month that we just cut off from Twilio. Little things like that, really, really, really start to add up. That's where this came from. Just having new optics helped me to make some new decisions. And those new decisions helped me to help me to focus on, you know, restoring the health in my business.

Speaker 1  19:17
And then, so, then my, I think my third category of questions, then, is so what? So you had this incredible breakthrough, and that's ending in 2017 it's now April 2019 almost may 2019 you had your number two person do board of advisors in the second year, so they would gain insight and optics and ability. So you've even grown past that, to whatever extent you're willing to. Would you share with us what's become available to you and where you're at now?

Speaker 2  19:51
So I mean, just for us even having the conversation about being able to buy appliance repair companies, you know, that's huge. I. I'm thinking about three to five years down the road, thinking about building wealth instead of, like, what's the next sales funnel? And, you know, how are we going to slash our cost per click? You know, it's a completely different conversation. First thing I did was went out and bought a new truck, bought my wife a new SUV. We invested in a office building in downtown Jeff, which is like right on the river, and it's two $250,000 piece of property, but it's in the it's in the arts and cultural district, which is a, what do they call that opportunity zone? And so they have, like, multi million dollar projects going around, all around this building. I paid a premium price for it, but I'm already getting offers on it for other people that want to come in, like they're building hotels and Starbucks all around my office building right now. So that's a another major investment opportunity that I was able to capitalize on. We have a $60,000 credit card business, credit card now. We have $80,000 line of credit with Chase, another $80,000 line of credit with German American bank. We have 100 and we have about a $80,000 line of credit with being now we have 150 or $200,000 line of credit with Google. Now we have a banker that is like trying his hardest to win our business over. So he bends over backwards to try to accommodate us every chance we get, which is nice.

Speaker 1  21:48
And I'll just point out that all of these new opportunities being extended to him wouldn't happen if he didn't have a sound financial position like Google AdWords is actually carrying the cost of his clicks while he goes and makes money on those clicks. In terms of him with AR, AP, cash management, he doesn't have to use his own money to go and fund his clients funnels who then pay him. He probably, probably, I don't know this for sure, but he probably even gets paid by his clients before he has to pay for the Google clicks. So in terms of managing cash, he's using other people's money to make him money, and he doesn't have to pay the bill till later like so the whole game just starts tilting in the favor of whoever knows a how to play the game and know what needs to be seen in Financials, what needs to be seen for people to start believing in you, and now the banks are on your side and Google's on your side and Bing's on your side, and the number of just like structural, organizational financial advantages that you have are just getting bigger and bigger and bigger, which gives you more and more and more security, and more security. And even if you never use that line of credit, you know, you got it in case you need it, even if you never use the full extent of the Google account, you know, you've got it if you need it. And the amount of like, the sleep easy at night factor just gets bigger and bigger

Speaker 2  23:13
and bigger. So the banker said, Hey, do you want to do lunch? I said, Yeah. He said, We met at lunch. And he goes, your renewal is coming up for your line of credit. You guys didn't use it last year. How much do you need?

Speaker 1  23:30
So how many small businesses have that conversation? Almost none.

Speaker 2  23:36
So our line of credit last year was 50,000 he goes, do you want 80,000 do you want 100 like, what do you

Unknown Speaker  23:44
need? And you're like, none of it, actually, but,

Speaker 2  23:48
and so, you know, I told him. I said, Look, I really love the idea of you and chase competing against each other, because it gives me a lot of leverage. And he goes, Sure, sure. Well, we want more your business. And I said, Well, let me talk to JC and and I'll let you know how much we need. And we went back to him. We said, can you do 80,000 he said, Yeah, that's good, like the next the next day that, you know, our line of credit was increased to 80,000 you know, we would have asked for more, but we really didn't have anything down the pike that that was an immediate need at that time. But, you know, I mean, he's asking us now, what do you need? How can we help you? How can we serve you? And it's like, it's, it feels really good. So

Unknown Speaker  24:31
nice, awesome.

Speaker 3  24:41
The All right, y'all can hear me again. Yeah? Applause.

Unknown Speaker  25:01
I do have you guys permission to have a very candid conversation with you.

Unknown Speaker  25:07
Of course, yes, yes, yes. Okay,

Speaker 1  25:12
I and good morning to those who've joined since, since, since the start. I think the most important line that Justin says in everything that he had to share about his own progress and success story is

Unknown Speaker  25:34
new optics, new decisions.

Unknown Speaker  25:39
New optics, new decisions.

Unknown Speaker  25:45
I think about what's at stake these days. I mean,

Speaker 1  25:52
whether there's an up economy or a down economy, pandemic or not, what's at stake these days is, is it's the same. The difference is right now it's just being laid bare for all to see. There's this great expression from Warren Buffett, and I was on the wrong side of this expression. Warren Buffett says, when the tide goes out,

Unknown Speaker  26:25
you find out who's been swimming naked

Unknown Speaker  26:28
and in 2008

Speaker 3  26:32
910, I was an upstart real estate investor full of hope,

Speaker 1  26:40
certain that I was going to be an investing wonder kid, millionaire by 30, and I'd be set for life. And I happened to get involved at a time when the tide was in and everyone could be a real estate investor and print their business card and start their website and go to two courses, and it didn't require any particular high degree of skill. And as as the tide went out and it went out quickly,

Unknown Speaker  27:16
I was exposed. I was exposed.

Speaker 1  27:21
I didn't have the skill set, the mindset, the coaching, the community, the tools, the strategy or the environment that were conducive to true success, let alone lasting, true success in the tide is going out right now

Unknown Speaker  27:44
with this whole pandemic happening, and if we don't have new optics, we

Speaker 1  27:53
can't make new decisions. If we don't have clear optics, we can't make clear decisions.

Unknown Speaker  28:00
I honestly ask myself, you know,

Speaker 1  28:09
am I in my business and our entrepreneurs that I, that I speak with, including everyone here today? Are we making True, true financial progress, and are we going to enjoy a true financial reward? We're oftentimes working 3000 hours a year at 60 hours a week, multiplied by 50 weeks,

Unknown Speaker  28:34
and if we're not seeing

Speaker 1  28:37
a meaningful net income on the business. So bottom line, profit over the course of the year, added to your distributions, whatever it is you paid yourself for the year, divide whatever that number is by 3000 hours a year. And that's your hourly wage for the year. If, if that's not really moving the needle,

Unknown Speaker  29:01
then what's it's all? What's it all for?

Speaker 1  29:06
What's it all for? If, and if it's not about making meaningful financial progress. And look, I'm not saying that you need to be making a billion dollars for it to be worth your while. That's not at all what I'm saying too often. Entrepreneurs are the worst paid people on their own teams, and that's okay for a little while when we're getting started,

Speaker 3  29:29
but at some point the juice has got to be worth the squeeze, right? If, if, if your

Speaker 1  29:40
business isn't about making meaningful financial progress at some point, then let's call it what it is. Let's call it a hobby. Let's call it an intellectual adventure or a dramatic roller coaster, because it's a great thrill ride, far better than. Any reality TV show you've ever seen.

Speaker 3  30:07
Imagine you're getting onto a plane. You go down the jetway. We've got 420 souls on this airplane. 420 souls that are counting on going from where we are to where we want to go. 420 people with families that are counting on them arriving safely. 420 souls with friends that they care dearly about. 420

Unknown Speaker  30:47
souls who have their own hopes and dreams and aspirations, 420

Unknown Speaker  30:54
people

Unknown Speaker  30:56
who each have a divine purpose

Speaker 3  30:59
on this planet. 420

Unknown Speaker  31:04
people that are counting on that flight to arrive safely. You are one of the 420 souls getting onto the plane

Unknown Speaker  31:17
as you go down the jetway,

Speaker 1  31:19
you reach that point where you say hello to the stewardess or the flight attendant, and instead of turning right to go find your seat, you turn left because you're going into the cockpit. You are the pilot.

Unknown Speaker  31:39
You sit down, you look at the controls and you say, Huh, what do those numbers mean? I've, I've heard of

Speaker 1  31:54
altimeter before, but is up good or is down? Good?

Speaker 3  32:04
See some levers. I see some buttons. If I hit the big red button, what happens the 420 souls on that plane,

Speaker 1  32:23
the 419 other souls on that plane are counting on you to take that plane to safety, and if you're not in a position where you understand the dowels you're looking at, or when's the right time to push the big red button, versus pull the lever, versus push the yoke, versus flick the third switch on the right. What

Unknown Speaker  32:47
are you doing in the cockpit?

Speaker 1  32:56
So it's predictable is that we'll wrap up this course on time today. That's predictable. What's predictable is your financial awareness is going to go to a yet another whole new level. After day one, you went to a new level. After day two, you went to New Level. Day three, you've gotten to an even higher level,

Speaker 3  33:20
and you've gotten access to new tools. You've gotten access to even new community just by who's in the course with you.

Speaker 1  33:34
What's predictable is you'll probably be really excited. You've probably already told some people in your life, about the awesome course that you've been in for the last couple days. What's also predictable is this course is going to end at 6pm today, and you're going to step out into the quote, unquote, real world. And there's a lot of this course, the vast majority of it is going to

Speaker 3  34:01
fade and without without new habits in place, this might just become

Unknown Speaker  34:11
a great way to spend three days when you were quarantined. Anyways, we need all seven pillars in place for you to make the jump like Justin did.

Unknown Speaker  34:27
We need skill sets

Speaker 1  34:31
which you're building, you're building on steroids right now, which is super exciting. You're also going to need some repetition on the skills to actually master and own them.

Unknown Speaker  34:45
We need mindset.

Speaker 1  34:48
I know when I became a varsity athlete, I thought it was one way, because I was playing on the college floor, but my mindset was still in high school. I. Didn't realize that when you raise the game, when you go from playing chess to playing checkers, that it requires a new way of viewing the whole board. It's the exact same board that you play checkers on, that you play chess on, okay,

Unknown Speaker  35:15
exact same board, black and white squares. That's it. You have to view the whole game in a whole new way. Along the

Speaker 1  35:27
way, you're going to bump into a few, a few moments where the judge says, No, you can't move your you can't move your piece on the board that way. Try again. That's okay. That's learning, right? So we need skill set, we need mindset. We need coaching. Presently, up until this point, the strongest coach in your world has likely been when it comes to financials, most likely when it comes to financials, the most present and compelling teacher for you has been your accountant.

Unknown Speaker  36:05
And ask yourself, how does that conversation go? Right?

Speaker 1  36:13
If you're lucky, you've got a mentor right, who maybe can walk you through these things, or a or a parent or a family member or something like that. If you if you already have that in in place, you are in the very, very, very tiny minority of people who actually have that financial guidance. We need skill set, we need mindset. We need coaching,

Unknown Speaker  36:36
and we need community. We need people to go through this with.

Speaker 1  36:40
We need people who understand us, who have a shared language with we have a shared experience with we have shared tools with

Unknown Speaker  36:49
people that we can be

Speaker 1  36:52
frustrated and express our frustrated frustration with, because they probably have the same frustrations as us and people celebrate victories with. We need skill set. We need mindset. We need coaching. We need community. We need tools. We need to build tools or get access tools, but one or the other. We need those tools, new optics, new decisions. And we need strategies. We need a strategy on how to attack, how to build, how to connect as we're becoming who we are, so that ultimately we can navigate the environment expertly. Justin shared he was talking about board of advisors. The bad that, the unfortunate news is none of you are actually eligible for board of advisors, even if you wanted to participate, you're not eligible because you just haven't completed the

Speaker 3  37:50
prerequisites, right? And part of why I

Speaker 1  37:57
brought in CEO accelerator is because in the CEO HQ, which I showed you yesterday,

Unknown Speaker  38:04
is because

Speaker 1  38:07
it's the next stepping stone after know your numbers, whether you ever join board of advisors or not. It's the it's the next step

Unknown Speaker  38:15
to now get tools

Speaker 1  38:18
and strategy set up in an environment where you've got coaching and community so that you can solidify your skill set and your mindset, so you've

Speaker 1  38:29
already had two people express interest that they want to participate. We sent the link out last night. It said, Know your numbers workshop.com, forward slash

Unknown Speaker  38:42
CEO HQ, and

Speaker 1  38:47
whether you join the program or not, whether you join the program or not.

Unknown Speaker  38:54
I deeply,

Speaker 1  38:56
deeply, deeply encourage you to make sure you get all seven pillars taken care of and built around you, because that's probably going to make the bigger difference to your long term success in making a true change towards making true financial progress, than almost anything else that I've mentioned in the short term. Cash flow forecast is number one. You know how to do that. Make sure you get that taken care of. Taken care of. Make sure you got enough cash okay to make it to the end of the week. Right immediately after that, I'd be asking myself, look, if I'm looking to make true financial progress and make that true jump, how do I set up the whole environment for success? How do I set up a reinforcement of skills, mindset, coaching, community, tools and strategies? Because the second that you build that ecosystem,

Speaker 3  39:55
you almost can't help but make the leap, because the ecosystem draws it. Out of you. So I'm curious to know,

Speaker 1  40:06
let's just say money was no issue. Let's just say money was no issue.

Unknown Speaker  40:12
What's holding you back from participating in in our CEO program?

Speaker 1  40:17
What's holding you back? Because I'd love to know if maybe it's something as simple as, I don't know, the days and simple stuff that we can just get cleared up relatively quickly. Maybe it's something like Tim the time zone is a question. Or maybe it's something really simple, and maybe there's something that I can help clear up, because if one person's got the question, probably most people have the same question.

Unknown Speaker  40:43
Okay, so let's,

Speaker 1  40:49
let's get some of that cleared up. Okay, so I'm seeing Lauren is saying, I just don't know enough about the time commitment and the deliverables. Okay, great. Thank you, Lauren.

Unknown Speaker  41:00
So deliverables,

Speaker 1  41:03
what you'd be looking at in terms of deliverables is you would get to the end of the 10 weeks I showed you guys that CEO HQ that I was talking about, right? So you'll have things like a scorecard set up for your business for each quarter that may apply a little bit more or a little bit less in your business, if you are a solopreneur, that may not be as present or as quite as impactful, but still worth doing, because now you know how to do it for when you do have a bigger team and or when you're consulting to others, right? We will have done a margin analysis in your business, so we know what's actually making you money, not just making you revenue. That includes a per unit analysis, and we're going to that's one of the lessons today, is we're going to talk about per unit analysis. We're going to be clear on the workflows, what has to happen, on what frequency by whom to make sure that you are continuously on top of your financial

Unknown Speaker  42:06
situation, right?

Speaker 1  42:09
We're going to talk about what should be handled by you, what should be handled by your bookkeeper, what should be handled by your accountant, what should be handled by your executive assistant. Now, if you don't have an executive assistant, no problem. You can do it yourself for now. You can do it yourself for now. And I think you'll probably discover over time that you are going to want to hand that off to an assistant so that you can get back to focusing on climbing that 8020, curve, being at the highest level and making making an impact doing your zone of genius, while your executive assistant does their zone of genius, you're going to get to a point where, if you think of the seven scenarios, so we've gone through five of the seven scenarios in the course so far, each one of us who's gone through The seven scenarios was was handed a single piece of paper, right? Your was handled that, whether it's Rob's ex fit or Austin segway food tours, any of the, any of the seven scenarios you're handed a piece of paper, that piece of paper had a simplified beginning balance sheet, ending balance sheet, statement of cash flows and income statement. And look at, look at how great you guys did just yesterday, just yesterday, just looking at that you guys already were seeing things from a whole new place.

Speaker 3  43:35
Now, the gap between you being able to do that for

Speaker 1  43:39
Rob's ex fit or Austin segway food tours, or blue gadgets, or the only gap between you being able to do that for for someone else's business and your own business is someone's got to hand you that piece of paper in the first place, right? For you to be able to look at the diamond financials all in one place, in one piece, right? So we're going to get you to a place where all the infrastructure needs to be for you to actually get handed that piece of paper where you see beginning, balance sheet ending, balance sheet, income statement, statement of cash flows. And we're actually going to go further than that. We're going to go further than that, because not only will you be able to see and lead this thing by the numbers, but you'll also be able to drill down into specific areas to say, like, you know, in Rob's ex fit, we saw there's a big time expense on or a big time cash outflow on equipment. Okay, great. Well, let's drill down on that some more, right? Or we had the coaching business, right? What is going on in all that travel and education? So we're going to find the key metrics in your business, and we're going to be able to put those into spreadsheets that get regularly updated, that you'll be able to stay on top of

Speaker 3  44:54
in terms of time commitment, we're looking at 10 weeks. We're looking at 10 weeks.

Unknown Speaker  45:01
Yes, I know that we're in

Unknown Speaker  45:04
a time in

Speaker 1  45:07
the midst of this pandemic that requires a degree of flexibility. The 16 of us on this call literally pivoted from an in person event in downtown Austin and Peter was flying in from Canada, and other people were going to fly in to now, having to do this on zoom in a very different circumstance. I'm very sensitive to the reality that in the coming 10 weeks, we don't entirely know if events are going to be on again, and now people are going to fly around again. And you know, to Quinn's point, you know, she does a lot of live events. I still do some live events myself as well, whether I'm speaking or whether I'm learning. And so what I can tell you is my commitment is everybody gets all 10 sessions.

Unknown Speaker  45:56
Okay?

Speaker 1  45:58
My commitment is that by the time the we finish the very first session, everyone will be clear on the dates and times for the coming 10 sessions. It's important to me that I be sensitive to issues like time zones, especially for Chris, what a hero. Tuning in at 1am Australian time, going to 8am Australian time, if we can find something that's a little more sustainable over 10 sustainable over 10 weeks for Chris, I think if he's gonna be part of the program, I'd like to do that with Chris and and also, I think we just need an ongoing conversation to make sure that the time. Because here's the thing, if, if we say we've got 10 weeks coming up and suddenly the coronavirus clears up, and now, like someone's literally on my on I know of someone who had someone pass away

Speaker 3  46:54
during this coronavirus. It was it's heartbreaking to see that

Speaker 1  47:01
her and her sister were the two surviving people. And when the doctor said your loved one has passed away or is about to pass away, you've got two hours get to the hospital to hold her hand,

Unknown Speaker  47:16
and she was told, she was told, only her or her sister could come.

Speaker 1  47:23
How heart wrenching is that only one person would be allowed to go and be with their mother. Then it was time for the funeral, and no one's going to the funeral because of coronavirus. That's heartbreaking. So when everything lifts here, life is going to be rushing in, right? And things like funerals and things like maybe even weddings and all the rest are going to be coming in, crashing in. And so my commitment is everybody gets all 10 sessions, and that we're in conversation to be flexible around maybe some of the timing to make sure it works for everybody. Okay, so each session is about 90 minutes long. Each session will be spaced out by approximately a week. If we end up with some coronavirus curveball, the whole program might end up being 11 weeks with one break, one week break in the middle. The the beginning date that I've got on the calendar as tentative, is two Fridays from now, in the afternoon, Central Time. Thankfully, Friday is a flex day for me, so I've got a little range. I'm thinking between 1230 and three central time, and then repeating that on each Friday to follow. So I do not have a set in stone date and time, because I want to be flexible to who's in the program. Okay. Deborah Reynolds is asking us dollars are Canadian, it is US dollars, yeah. And the good news is, not only is the program fee in US dollars, so is the discount, the discounts also in US dollars. So that $5,000 fee you save to $2,500 US by participating now instead of later. Okay, Lord, did I answer your question about commitment, time, commitment and deliverables. I know that your personality type wants the specifics to the T, and I hope that you can see the spirit of what I'm going for here to be inclusive.

Speaker 4  49:30
Yes, you did. You did good. But yes, I am. I'm a planner, so I wanted to know.

Speaker 1  49:38
Okay, great. So if we're just getting down to, like the very, very tuning the dials to a very fine tuning. What I recommend you do is, I recommend that you book in with the deposit. It's refundable. Just to be clear, it's a refundable 500 US dollar deposit, and if it turns out that the program doesn't work for you because of time. Time because of days, because of it's not a fit like we discover it's just not a fit for you and your business. Then you get the money back, right? So it's a $500 refundable deposit, and we can get more into the specifics and and you know, by then, today, I'll probably have a very good idea in terms of who is interested, and we'll know which time zones we're dealing with, and we'll get a lot more specific. Okay, so that's and the URL for the deposit is in the chat box. Any other questions, what's holding back? Let's just assume, let's just say, money was not an issue. What other objections or frustrations or questions or challenges is holding you back from participating in the

Speaker 3  50:48
program. I see a few people typing. See a few people thinking, okay. Jason says, cash flow. Okay.

Speaker 1  50:57
So in terms of cash flow, Jason, you Renegade. I said, if money was not an issue, I see you're going straight to money. Okay, Jason, I would say that in in the one on one conversation about it, we can talk about payment plan. We can talk about even if you want to delay the first payment by a week or two, or something like that. I'm here to be very flexible. I think you guys have have seen my commitment to entrepreneurs and getting to getting what they need is, is is deep? Is deep? I even done free trainings over the last week, just to help everybody through this tough time. So by all means, consider booking the session. Jason and we will. We'll see. If we can find something that works. Have a good feeling. We probably can. Okay. Brandon says, can our bookkeeper and CEO or CFO attend the sessions when building infrastructure and other relevant items. Brandon, 10 out of 10. Fact, I would almost prefer it that you've got more team members involved, because the more people that are involved, the more that we're on the same page, the more that we're speaking the same language, the more that we've got the same tools, the more aligned that we've got. And for everyone on this call, something you'll discover, and some of us are further along in our journey than others. One of the a, a triple, a number one, five star challenges of a growing business, the more people that you've got is, the more complexity that you've got, the more complexity that you've got, the more difficult it is to maintain alignment. And a huge part of getting clarity around optics and whatnot in your business is to give people a common set of numbers to refer to to be able to make decisions from. Because as we delegate more and more in our businesses, as it grows, we need to be delegating, not just our hands and feet type work like hands and feet is like, send this invoice, do this errand for me, whatever that might be. We also need to delegate head and heart. We need to show people how to make decisions and when we've and if everyone has to say, Hey Brandon, hey man. What do you think of this? What do you think of that? Should we do this? Should we do that? On and on and on and on? You become the bottleneck to growth, because there's all this long list of questions that's really just stuck waiting on branded and the more that we can train people how to make decisions, the more they're empowered, and the faster everything can move and candidly, the more enjoyable your day to day becomes, right? And it's not just it's not just having people know how to make decisions, it's having them make the right kind of decisions in the right way that you would agree with, right? And so by having everyone participate in seeing the numbers, whatever numbers you feel comfortable sharing, of course, even being a part of building the sessions or whatnot, I love that. I absolutely love that 10 out of 10. Okay, Peter, can we see some examples of the spreadsheets at some point to see what a CEO dashboard looks like? Peter, absolutely later today, we're definitely getting into seeing like, what does a company scorecard look like? What does a payable spreadsheet look like? We won't go through absolutely every single item, and also full transparency. I'm a little bit of an Excel nerd, right? And so I know how to set up all kinds of automations that

Unknown Speaker  54:20
really, really accelerate things. And I won't be able to teach all of that today

Speaker 1  54:26
if we happen to run out of time today on a few of the Excel items, it's actually in the record the members area, right? So you guys still have access to the training to be able to learn a few formulas that are true Excel ninja like stuff. Okay, good, yes. Lauren is very excited about that. Good, okay. Lauren, good question. Peter, I agree. And okay. And Peter wants to know, how does a how do some of the dashboards affect decision making? I love that. Pete today, today, Peter, I'm going to request. You actually hold be accountable? Who knows? Maybe we, you know, we end up starting to run short on time, or something like that. Help me stay accountable to showing you guys fully how to close that circle. We've got financial data. How do we turn that into management data, management leadership data? How does that show up on our scoreboards? And how do we now go ahead and close the loop? So Pete, Mission accepted. Yeah, okay, good, awesome. Lauren, I also think I'd like to do HQ for my other business, and that one has a partner. I need to talk to you about it. Okay, great. Yeah, absolutely. If you can include your teammates or andor clients or whoever, then that is absolutely fantastic.

Unknown Speaker  55:42
Okay, good.

Speaker 1  55:45
Deb, Tim is a wizard. Is it? Is it my pointy hat? Is it my pointy hat? Deb, okay, and Lauren says I've seen them in action, as in, you've seen the Excel stuff in the spreadsheets. And, yeah, yeah, you never jam about that the other day. Yeah, absolutely, yeah, no, it's it brings me to tears when I think about how, how much time I've wasted in my life in Excel, that I just had a couple extra formulas to do the work for me. Chris, is it recorded? Chris, absolutely, yes. We're going to record all sessions Now, that being said, the sessions that we do record, Chris, they're going to be private to just whoever's in the group. So So let's say we've got five people in the group. We have just all five participate, and I would want and and coming into the program, everyone will be expected to confirm confidentiality between the five of us, just in case we happen to need to share a spreadsheet or something that shares a little bit of personal not personal information, but confidential business information. Okay, Chris, that's how it should be. I agree. Chris, 100% okay. Lauren says, Is it like board of advisors, where it's all open books, no board of advisors. When someone participates in board of advisors, they submit full financials for everyone in the group to see, which is upwards of 10 people, depending on how many people in the program at any given time. Plus, when someone's in board of advisors, they're expected to submit an org chart and a 10 to 20 page Board report three times a year that takes like upwards between 10 and 20 hours to compose. And we're going into like SWOT analysis, strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, threats, in marketing, finance, sales, operations. It's like legal, right? It's, it is like open heart surgery on the business. And that is like operating at an extremely high intellectual level around what you see coming down the pipe for your business and and it's almost impossible to play at that level, whether it's in our board of advisors program or another program, if you don't have guess what, a scoreboard of leading metrics for your business, financials, trend analysis, all The things that we're doing in HQ, right? That's why HQ is a stepping stone and a prerequisite for board of advisors. HQ still a complete programming of itself. Make no mistake, you don't have to, you don't have to go to board after that, you still got to, like, you'll get everything you came for right inside of HQ. That's why it is a prerequisite for board though. Okay, all right, so I'm not seeing many other questions here, private or public in the chat. Let's last call. What's holding you back, if money was not an issue, what's holding you back from participating? And the private messages I am seeing all the private messages. Thank you, everyone. I'm very excited for it looks like we're gonna have almost all five spots gobbled up here pretty quick. So I'll, I'll review the the special event offer and and then after that, we'll move on to the next part of the day. So so the program, once it's fully spit shined and polished and is and you know, I'm imagining, be it later this year or into next year, we will be offering it closer to the nine or $10,000 mark right now, because it's early days on doing this in a group setting. So I've done this in private coaching one on one, where folks have hired me for $1,000 an hour, and I wanted to make it more affordable, the price point more accessible for everyone. So that's why I'm doing it in a group setting. It is this is going to be my first round doing this in a group setting. So instead of nine to $10,000 the price point was $5,000 or 4995 right from there, because you guys are in know your numbers right now, I want to give you the opportunity to take advantage of it ASAP. And so if you end up purchasing one of the first five spots, it's $2,500 you don't have to make that decision now. You don't need to make the. Decision by the end of today. However, if to hold that pricing, you would need to put in a deposit by the end of the event. The event ends at six o'clock today. If you end up putting in your deposit at 605, I'll still accept it. Okay? And that $500 deposit is a is a refundable $500 deposit. So for any reason you change your mind, or you get on your one on one, call with me, discovery. Call with me. It looks like it's just not going to work. And either I think that's the case, or you think that's the case, then your deposit is refunded. So there's really no risk there.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:39
The next step is to go to know your numbers workshop.com, forward slash, CEO, HQ. I will even pull it up on the screen, just so that you've got

Speaker 1  1:00:55
just so that you've got no question that you're on the right page. So I'll share my screen here. This is what it looks like. Simply click here. Place your deposit. Place your deposit. You come through here, put in your information, and off you go. And if you are an American Express person, we'll have to process that manually, just let us know. Send us, send us an email, and we can make sure, and make sure and make sure you send us an email before six o'clock so that we can get you taken care of, if your Visa or MasterCard, then you can do it automatically through the page here. Okay, so there's another question or two. Let's

Unknown Speaker  1:01:33
just get back to that. Okay, and the question is, the

Speaker 1  1:01:47
question is, okay, when does the scheduler get sent out? Great, so in the next seven days? Oh, Chris, you mean Chris, I think you mean the schedule to do the one on one session with me, the discovery call. Yes. So Correct. Okay, thank you, Chris, yeah. So in in the next 24 hours, we'll make sure that gets sent out now, now, if we're gonna send it out in the order that we receive the deposits, right? So Denise, who's on the call, and she's, she's my great assistant, Denise, is watching the deposits as they come in, and as soon as a deposit comes in, then Denise, you know, will put that person at the very top, and we'll send you the scheduler first, so you get first, first opportunity at the openings in my calendar. Okay, and everybody who submits their deposit within 24 hours, we'll make sure that we get back to you to get that over

Unknown Speaker  1:02:48
to you. Okay,

Speaker 1  1:02:51
oh, exciting. It's a private message, so I won't say who, but thank you very much. Looks like we already have a couple deposits that have happened that's really fantastic. And Jason, your question is private, and I can just say yes, I'll say yes. So that's exciting. Yeah, we can definitely do that. Okay, all right, looks like we've wrapped up on questions. I'm going to recommend that we take a five minute break. After the five minute break, take that opportunity if you want to get your deposit in. Going to go ahead and do that. Let's actually do eight minutes. So we're back kind of at 1020 Central. So at 20 after the hour, we're going to come back and we're going to get going with our seven scenarios again, and the seven scenarios, I believe, who do we have remaining here? Let me just give you guys a chance to get teed up here. We've got, let's see here. I think is it Deb and Brandon still have to go, so let's get Deb and Brandon teed up. You guys will be first

Unknown Speaker  1:03:56
and yesterday. I'm sorry, Deborah, Deborah Yeager and Brandon Yeager, yeah, Reynolds Jones and Associates, yes, Reynolds Jones and Associates already went

Speaker 4  1:04:08
we could probably smoke at this time because we know a lot

Speaker 1  1:04:11
more. Yeah, that's true. Yeah, you guys were early into the process. Good, okay, so yes, Team Jaeger, Team Jaeger, Deborah and Brendan Jaeger will go first. Okay, great. We'll see you back at 20 after the hour. Thank

Speaker 4  1:04:25
you very much. Tim, can I ask you one more question? Sure, go ahead. Even though I submitted my deposit, I just realized I have two Fridays that won't work due to Well, I don't know what's going to happen with those events, but I'm pretty sure they'll be virtual. So if we can't make one or two of the Fridays,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:48
is that a problem?

Speaker 1  1:04:50
Not a problem, we'll make sure. So I'll do this with you. Okay? And this is one of the one is one of the advantages in being the early part of the program is I haven't hired. A bunch of other coaches and right? So, so I'm personally watching everything that's happening here. So, so if someone can't make a session, this is the deal that I'll make with you. Okay, if you watch the replay, okay, if you watch the replay, then, and you do your part to get up to speed, so that I'm not spending the whole time all over again to do teaching. Then from there, I will work with you on implementation, and we are going to have a group communication environment to on, on supporting one another. I haven't decided yet if I think it's gonna be a Slack channel is how will probably all states. It'll be a private just those of us who are in the CEO program and and from there, if you've got questions, like, I'll be ready to help out, you know, if you need some quick help, Tim, I'm unclear. And if this should go into this area of this area of my spreadsheet, right? Or, you know, I don't remember what this means, like, can you help clarify this? Then anyone in the slack Group can help. And if we're still stuck, then obviously I'll get on. Have a quick call with you. Okay,

Speaker 4  1:06:07
cool. Also, I don't know if you saw it. Think it got lost in the chat. I said, Oh, I have a business idea for you. Take what you do with great assistant and apply it to bookkeepers for entrepreneurs, so we can find good people to help.

Speaker 1  1:06:22
That's a, that's a, that's a great question. That's awesome, yeah? Like, great controller.com or something, or great

Speaker 4  1:06:30
they're trained, and know your numbers. I would like sign up for that yesterday.

Speaker 1  1:06:34
Yeah? So, thank you so much. That's we have a shared vision around being able to connect, you know, entrepreneurs to bookkeepers and accountants who already understand the Know your numbers way of looking at things, so they can speak both languages. And I'm, I've, I've been in conversation with some already, so stay tuned. I'm not saying that in the next six weeks, I'll have the answer for you, but we're certainly marching towards that Denise has just mentioned me, actually, no, let's, let's make sure we get a break in. Okay, in in four. In four minutes, we'll be back into action. So I'll see you guys in just four minutes. Okay, thank you. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai