Speaker 1  00:00
Need to say that before he starts. Okay, yeah, yeah, it's too late. The recording is, recording is started. Okay, so we're gonna take a quick I'm making an executive decision. So the two last remaining groups, here's, here's how the rest of day is gonna go. We got 48 minutes left. The last two groups. You're gonna have the evening to firm up your ideas, and you're each gonna have 10 minutes to present first thing tomorrow. Okay, so take advantage of the opportunity to have a little more time to go deep on it and to have tight comments. Number two, we're going to take seven minutes here. I'm going to randomly throw you guys into that sounds horrible. I'm going to put the group into breakout rooms, and I will randomly assign everyone based on whatever zoom decides to do. And by 520 Central, which is in seven minutes, I'd like you to make a list of what it is that you hope you still get to learn so that I've got some time this evening to make sure that I'm meeting everyone's expectations. Or I can put you, I can give you other resources, if, if it's not within the design of the course, okay, and then, and the way I'd like you to do that is I'd like you to create a Google Doc, and I'd like you to share it with Tim at Timothy francis.com and I'd like you To put the title, k, y n, so know your numbers, k y n, dash your name. Dash what I hope to learn. Okay, so recapping that once more, I'm going to open a Google Doc. And Lauren Goldstein, thank you so much. Has put the the naming convention into the chat box, and I just put my email address in there as well. So you're going to have seven minutes to talk to a partner and just share what it is that you're looking to still learn between now and the end of the course, when as you're having that conversation, each on your own Google doc you're going to put, just type in what it is. You're hoping to learn that Google Doc is going to have the title, k, y, N, space, dash space, your name, space, dash space, what I hope to learn, and then maybe put the date on the end of that. So learn, if you can just put space, dash space, march 23 or 2024 2020, and you're going to share that document with Tim at Timothy francis.com Okay, perfect. So I'll actually gladly give you guys 10 minutes here. So it's 515 so 525 please come back into the main room. We're going to see how my breakout room skill management has come along here, and I am going to open all rooms in three, two and Quinn you're not assigned, but anyone Who's not assigned, I'll assign you. So off you go.

Speaker 1  04:20
All right, welcome back, everybody. And so I'm going to share with you a couple of things here. The very first thing I'm going to share with you is kind of like, Okay, tomorrow is all about your business, right? Like, how do we now start rolling this into your business? And so I'm going to chart a couple of things for you here. Have to share my screen. Share my screen in three, two and one, one, maybe a quadruple click will work.

Unknown Speaker  04:58
And.

Speaker 1  05:01
It's just catching up your screen. Sharing is pause, resume, share, okay, great. Can you guys see pin again? Yep, okay, great. Okay, so all this begs the question, you know, Tim, it's great that I've learned this. How do I stay on top of it? How do I keep it going? How do I get clarity, right? I love the idea of the cash flow forecast. I love the idea of unearned revenue getting that straightened out. I love the idea of payables and knowing what's up, right? How do I stay on top of all that? So let's so I'm going to just show you like a little machine. Okay, I'm saying little, but I mean, it's a profoundly important machine, and it looks like this. So first of all, we've got, Am I still on the screen? Yes, I am. Let's just see here. Yeah. Okay. So we've got a cash flow forecast. Like I said, if you do nothing else coming out of this, course, the cash flow forecast, absolutely, absolutely, absolutely, is the number one tool to make sure that your business stays in business. I would say the frequency that you probably want to think about doing that varies, varies based on a couple factors. One is, officers. One is, how close are the wheels of your plane clipping the treetops, right? So if your plane, if you're if you are very, very short supply of cash, you need to make sure that you're getting paid the week that you're expecting get paid, and you need to make sure that you're not paying any earlier than you're expecting to pay. So that is absolutely crucial that you're super, super, super, hyper aware of your cash. Okay, the other reason that we may check our cash really frequently is if there's danger ahead. Danger ahead, meaning, you know coronavirus might be coming our way. Now, coronavirus is already here. So it's not just danger ahead, it's danger around us, right? So, so if our remember circumstances, resources and timing, so in our circumstances, if there's a lot of turbulence in the air around our airplane, okay, that's a time to do a cash flow forecast more often, and in our internal resources, if we're very short on cash, that's also a really important time to be doing your cash flow forecast for more frequently. And if you've got both going on, if we're flying really close to the treetops and there's a lot of turbulence in the air, I mean, almost every single day you want this cash flow forecast to be updated so it's almost becomes like your to do list of like, when is cash moving in? When is cash moving out? And you're on top of that thing every single day. People that I've known with multi million dollar companies that are on the edge of bankruptcy have used this single spreadsheet to navigate through the turbulence and get to the other side. And they and when I talked to them, they say they check their quirk they had for checking their casual forecast every single day. Okay, good. So now absent, absent all the turbulence and absent all of the low, you know, low cash situation. I had a ruler. It was right here. Absent that we're going to use a high tech ruler. It is an envelope. Okay? So absent that I probably want to be looking at frequency of maybe once a quarter. Now I'm going to be totally honest when I'm flush with cash, sometimes I'm not doing it every quarter. Just be totally honest. I think if I was really, you know, doing things properly the right way, I would do it every quarter. Okay, so that is every quarter. Next up, we need to make sure that we are clear on our unearned revenue. If

Speaker 1  09:16
your business doesn't have unearned revenue, then there's a good chance that it has inventory.

Speaker 1  09:27
The bigger your business is, the more often you may need to update these things, okay, like if you're turning a lot of inventory, or if it's a time of year when inventory is moving really quickly, like maybe Black Friday, okay, unearned revenue, I find monthly is enough for my business. Inventory depends on again, the time of year, your seasonality, I find monthly seems to. Works fairly well for most businesses, at least as a starting point.

Speaker 2  10:07
And what inventory do digital entrepreneurs really have? None. So you wouldn't use this spreadsheet at all, okay, just like

Speaker 1  10:21
if Rob's ex fit Jim was all was only accepting credit cards and was whacking people's credit card on the first of the month every single month, then he wouldn't have any unearned revenue, so he just wouldn't use that tool either,

Unknown Speaker  10:37
right? Okay,

Speaker 1  10:41
next up is payables, monthly. This is significantly easier if you've moved everyone to being paid once a month. If you're in a situation where you're paying people all over God's green earth, days of the week and weeks of the month and all the rest. You might have to do this a little more often, but there's a way to kind of consolidate towards once a month, and as long as you're tracking once a month, you're probably okay. Again. This is all just a suggestion. If in your business, something in the back your mind says, geez, I don't know. I gotta, I gotta pay more close attention to it than perfect. Then perfect. Then just do it more

Speaker 2  11:23
often. Okay, we also want to get a good sense of free cash

Speaker 1  11:38
in my company, I look at this weekly in times of turmoil or in times of very little cash. I've looked at it daily, free cash daily and cash flow forecast daily is critical when you are in turbulent air or low altitude situations,

Speaker 3  12:01
sorry, free cash is cash that you've already earned and it's sitting in your bank account, right?

Speaker 1  12:08
Free cash is cash minus unearned revenue, minus payables, minus deposits, minus very short term debt and minus committed

Speaker 3  12:17
costs, oh, minus payables as well. Okay, yep,

Speaker 1  12:22
so this payables affects free cash. Unearned Revenue affects free cash,

Unknown Speaker  12:31
right?

Speaker 1  12:32
I just know that there's a lot that goes into unearned revenue. So this is its own spreadsheet in my business, and this is its own spreadsheet in my business as well, and then that data, I can use that to come up with my free cash. Okay,

Speaker 1  12:53
so next up I'm going to put inside of free cash, unless you've got a massive real estate portfolio or other like tons of deposits going on, I would just track deposits inside of free cash. I would need its own spreadsheet, whereas free cash will pull data from payables and pull data from unearned revenue.

Speaker 1  13:22
A also inside of free cash is very short term debt, so that's, you know, for example, a credit card. Now that inside of this would be once a month, probably because you're probably paying your credit card

Speaker 2  13:41
once a month. Mm, okay.

Speaker 1  13:46
And then also, inside of free cash, I would also put committed costs. And

Speaker 1  13:59
actually, you know what, I actually just think of my own workflow here. All of these is a simple one question with your executive assistant, just to say, Where are deposits? Where are we for very short term debt? So, for example, credit card, what's the balance today? What are our committed costs? I actually have that on auto calculation. So that's why I'm missing that step. But this is actually what we're doing. What I'm not doing with Denise yet is including committed costs. So that's something that's an improvement to my own system. Here is, I'm going to have her ask me once a week, Tim, have you committed to any new costs? Yes or No, it's all that step is. And I say, Yes. She says, Great. What is it? How much? Where does it go into the forecast, and how does it affect our free cash? Okay, so that line should actually be there. And, yeah. All that is weekly, so let's just get rid of that there.

Unknown Speaker  15:04
Okay, next up I've got

Unknown Speaker  15:13
dashboard. We

Unknown Speaker  15:15
haven't really talked about this much,

Unknown Speaker  15:18
dashboard of leading metrics. Tricks.

Unknown Speaker  15:26
So for example,

Speaker 1  15:29
looking at my financials, I made the decision to double down on great assistant, right? Great. So if I'm gonna go grow great assistant, then I'm gonna need to lead that thing. I'm gonna need to lead great assistant, and I need to build it. We need to put some team members in place, right to replace me and whatnot, over the over, while you guys, believe it or not, while you guys were working on your exercises, you guys had 20 minutes to look at your at, you know, at your exercise, the seven scenarios, I jumped on my team call, and in 10 minutes, I was able to look at my team dashboard of metrics, know exactly the company was. I gave everyone on my team call an update about my view on coronavirus, where I think it's going, how it's gonna affect us, how we need to prepare, and what metrics I'm looking at. And I left the meeting. That's it. In 10 minutes, I looked at the state of, you know, my company, just at the dashboard of leading metrics right here, plus a couple other financial data points, and was able to report into my team, be their leader and leave

Unknown Speaker  16:33
in 10 minutes.

Speaker 1  16:36
That's a team of eight people. It's not a team of 100 people, okay? But it's also not a solo operation, right? I was able to do all of that in 10 minutes. Okay, so the dashboard of leading metrics in my company, we'll talk more about this tomorrow, includes, I know that, I know that I need to be generating a certain number of leads, and that's whether I'm speaking or in my work with with Facebook ads to get leads coming in. So I got to get to generate some leads, right partnerships I set up right? So that's on me. That's my line in the spreadsheet, then from there. So opt ins and leads is my line. Eric, my salesperson. He's measured on first, first sales calls, so not second, third, fourth, fifth set. You know, if he's got follow up sales calls, he's got a first call, he's got how many closes and how much money he closed for that week, week after week after week after week, every week. Our production team is measured on days to match. How fast are they making matches between entrepreneurs and executive assistants? Executive assistants? Stick rate, what percentage of entrepreneurs and assistants are staying together after 90 days? So that's quality. And then thirdly is customer satisfaction. We use an index called Net Promoter Score, which I can tell you later about it some other time, if you want. That's the three numbers that we measure production on our training person is measured on this probably doesn't sound like it makes sense, but training preparedness, and I believe it's 90 day NPS, two numbers, right? There's one person my team that does not appear on the dashboard quarter after quarter after quarter, and that's Denise. It's almost impossible to come up with metrics for an executive assistant, they're just so responsive to what we're throwing at them, it's almost impossible. She can have rocks, right? Quarterly rocks, but just not metrics that she's measured on every single week. Okay? This is a major, big time, crucial leadership tool, and the bigger business gets if you can be more complicated, if you've got multiple locations, multiple offices or multiple teams. I don't know how you run that business without a dashboard of leading metrics, you go crazy. Okay, okay,

Unknown Speaker  18:51
next up,

Unknown Speaker  18:54
so every week we're looking at that. From there, there's our financials, and that includes history and trends, and we're going to dig more into that tomorrow.

Unknown Speaker  19:12
How do we analyze this? Right? And

Speaker 1  19:19
then there's going to be other financial and performance metrics, which sometimes gets rolled into the same spreadsheet, sometimes its own standalone spreadsheet. So financials maybe once a quarter, with your with your accountant and bookkeeper, and then the other metrics you might be looking at it on approximately the same basis now, who's involved,

Unknown Speaker  19:45
who's involved?

Unknown Speaker  19:51
Cash flow forecast, that's going to be entrepreneur I'm.

Speaker 1  20:01
Here unearned revenue that's going to be executive assistant so ENT for entrepreneur, executive assistant, inventory can be pulled by an executive assistant. Payables can be pulled by executive assistant. Oops, I missed, I'm sorry I missed one report here, you guys, and that's accounts receivable. Okay?

Unknown Speaker  20:23
That's going to be monthly,

Speaker 1  20:27
okay, free cash deposits, including deposits, including very short term debt, including committed costs. This is going to be driven by your EA. You're you're going to help, like when your EA asks you, Hey, have you made any committed costs this week? Right dashboard of leading metrics that's going to be your whole team and your EA.

Unknown Speaker  20:50
Can I ask a clarifying question really quick,

Speaker 1  20:52
in a minute, yep, in a minute, financials, that's going to be your EA, working with your accountant, who works with your bookkeeper, and you should only be involved after the second round. So only on the second round of questions do you get involved other financial and performance metrics. That's going to be simply, you're going to look at it, but you're not the one driving it. That's going to be your EA that's going to populate the data, accounts receivable, it's going to be driven by your EA as well, right? So let me just draw a line here. Okay, Lauren, what was your

Speaker 4  21:38
question? So like, for example, my assistant doesn't have access to all of our books. So until we have an open book policy like you do, who would be the best person to do this? Now, if we don't have an EA to that sees all of our books,

Speaker 1  21:59
so I have an I'm open book with my whole team there. That doesn't mean that you have to be right, and it doesn't mean that you have to be to make this work either right. I think, I think if someone is actually going to get leverage in their life and actually get ahead and actually focus on the $500 an hour type work at bare minimum, your executive assistant probably needs to have full access to your email inbox, your calendar and financial information, even if it's no one else on your team, that one person needs to be able to move and shake and be the second half you, because otherwise, how are they going to help you by getting into client records to figure out who's paid and who hasn't paid. How are they going to get into figuring out, you know, your bank statements, to figure out, you know, how much, what deposits you have, what your credit card balance is, right? How are they going to get into your financials to be able to populate that in right? So I'm not saying do that. I'm just saying that's my experience. And I'm saying that's that's been what's allowed me to just absolutely skyrocket in terms of what I've been able to take care of and not take care of, which also then begs the question, well, what kind of an assistant is worthy of that? And that's why I will only work with a North American based assistant coming out of corporate professional America at least three to five years of professional experience, who is based, you know, in the US or Canada, and wants to be an executive assistant for the coming three to five years, right?

Speaker 5  23:26
So this repeat the three things that you give that EA access to. You said, inbox,

Speaker 1  23:33
inbox, calendar and financials, okay, okay, and we're getting what financial you giving them access? Like, are you giving them read only access to your bank accounts, or what bank stuff is read only? And as far as other questions, we should probably make those happen tomorrow when we talk about workflow. Okay, okay, yeah, perfect. All these questions are amazing, and we're gonna cover we're gonna cover them. So I appreciate all them. We're all on point with all them. Just the timing we may have to cover some tomorrow. So that's the frequency. That's who should drive it, and then from there, what tools do we need? Right? So cash flow forecast is a spreadsheet. Unearned revenue is a spreadsheet, inventory is a spreadsheet. Payables is a spreadsheet. Free cash is a spreadsheet. Dash related match is a spreadsheet. Financials is a spreadsheet, not saying you don't also have QuickBooks, right? Because you will have other you'll still have QuickBooks for your in unearned I'm sorry for your, for some, for some of the other areas, you're still gonna have Infusionsoft, or whatever your CRM is. I'm not saying delete those things. You still need them. I'm just saying your hub of what you're going to look at as your CEO headquarters. Here is spreadsheet, spreadsheet, spreadsheet. Okay, so your CEO headquarters looks like a combination of these spreadsheets. These people involved in this way who are doing activities on this frequency. And with that in place, you now have a CEO headquarters where you can run this whole thing and you're taking care of things by the numbers. And so I share with you, you should have let me just change the sharing.

Unknown Speaker  25:28
Let me just change the sharing. I

Speaker 1  25:44
you can get to a point where, in your drive, you have your CEO headquarters, and you literally have this set of spreadsheets for your business ready to go, right and your EA has access to all of them. Is updating all of them. We've got team scoreboards, quarter 1234, payables, free cash, financials, history and trends, cash flow forecast, right? So that's what that looks like in Google Drive and each piece, you know, yeah, it takes some time to build and whatnot, right? But once you get it up, like, you know, once I figured out how to put together the payable spreadsheet, Denise now just populates it, and I don't, I don't. I don't have to build anything else. I can just look at it. All I do is, once a month, I then go and open up the payable spreadsheet, and then just pay people once a month. And that's that. It's very, very straightforward. So the setup is a little bit of work. And once it's up though, oh, my God, is light life is fantastic, like, it's really, really, really saves you a ton of time. So,

Unknown Speaker  26:52
so with what I'm sharing with you, you can go do this on your own. If you would like to do it with me.

Speaker 1  27:04
I am going to put together a group here of people who want to go and build their CEO headquarters together in the coming weeks. Tomorrow, I can get you details on when we're going to start. The exact date it's going to be in a couple weeks, and it's going to take it's 10 weeks. I'll just write this right here. So

Speaker 2  27:36
launch your CEO. HQ, okay, it's gonna be 10 weeks,

Speaker 1  27:48
and it's gonna be, depending on how many people join, it's gonna be either me or me and a coach supporting. Okay, so it's gonna be Tim, Tim coaching, including possibly Kyle. Is his name.

Speaker 1  28:09
We're going, by the end of it, you will have your CEO headquarters built in spreadsheets. Of course, we can always make it more difficult complicated down the road, like I couldn't build a CEO headquarters for the entirety of Keller Williams, for example. That's a little ambitious, okay, but for a small business, doing a few million in revenue or lower, we can get this thing built, and we can, at bare minimum, get the fundamentals put in, and then you'll know what to do from there if you want to tweak it and edit it. From there, um, we'll make sure that all these pieces that we just talked about do get built right here, and we'll take a look at the actual implementation. So if you don't have an executive assistant, who else on your team could do it, or how could you get an assistant soon to be able to take it off your plate? Right? What else can I tell you? So this launcher, CEO HQ, I've helped build this in other businesses, and when they do that, they typically hire me for $1,000 an hour to do it, and this is the first time I'm offering it in a group coaching setting. I wanted to find a way to make it less expensive for everyone to be able to participate. So once I've done this a few times, I'll likely have it somewhere in the eight to $10,000 range, is what it'll be to help everyone get up, up and rolling

Unknown Speaker  29:45
for this first round.

Speaker 1  29:48
The fee that I'm going to request is $5,000 that's the investment to participate. And I'm also willing to offer special event pricing for. Know your numbers this round. So if by the end of the event, so by the end of tomorrow, you apply with a $500 deposit. So if you put down a deposit which is refundable, if you put down a deposit for $500 which is refundable, I'll put that right there, refundable deposit. Then that'll get you into my calendar for us to have a conversation to see if it's a fit. If it's not a fit, I'll give you the $500 back. If it is a fit, then we'll move forward, and I'll do a few things. I'll actually because you're part of this event, and you guys are the early movers. I really appreciate that. We'll do it for not $5,000 but $2,500 and you'll give me a little bit of grace. This is the first time I'm doing it. We'll just apply this $500 deposit to the $2,500 which is the program fee. And if you are one of the first five people to join the program. So if you end up joining, if you qualify, and you and I both agree that this is going to work for your business, for the first five, I'll give you a complimentary hour of one on one, coaching, consulting with me, it's a compliment the hour, which is normally $1,000 an hour, that'll be the bonus For the first five who joined the program.

Unknown Speaker  31:40
So

Speaker 1  31:42
to recap, instead of it being the $5,000 which is what I'm going to promote to my list, because you guys are participating in the event here, it's only 2500 if you want to secure this event pricing, I'll need a 500 refundable a $500 refundable deposit by the end of tomorrow. When you've done that, you've not committed to the program, and nor have I committed to you joining the program. It just gets you, it secures the event pricing, and it secures a meeting in my calendar, that calendar to, I'm sorry, that calendar, that meeting to happen sometime in the next seven days, and in that meeting, if we decide to move forward, I'll roll the 500 into the 2500

Unknown Speaker  32:29
and we'll get started with the program.

Speaker 1  32:32
Program is going to start in a couple weeks from now, and I'll give you all those details on this call. We'll get that all sorted out. Okay, so it's six o'clock right now on the button and and I wanted to cover a couple items. So number one, a little housekeeping around tomorrow. So we're starting at 9am again. We're going till 6pm again tomorrow. It seems to be working really well this whole one o'clock till 215 break. So let's make one to 215 our break time again tomorrow and tomorrow. The focal point of the whole of the whole day is workflow. So it's your business, your business in terms of workflow and analysis. So we're actually going to look at a real set of financials, and from there, I'm going to show you how to analyze those financials. So you'll want to have your financials ready at at the ready, so that you'll you can go and do some of the similar analysis, I'll give you guys some time to go and do that that you have seen me do with the group. And so we're talking about analysis, and we're talking about workflow, and we'll also also review the Google Docs you guys sent me just to make sure that I am on point in meeting everyone's expectations, or at least managing those expectations. Good. Okay, so I'm willing to stick around for upwards of another 30 minutes if anyone has questions about launch your CEO HQ, or if you've got questions about the day and what we've talked about so far, we could talk about this as well. Although I'm afraid that with some people leaving, we may be best to address those with the full group tomorrow. I realize some people have to leave like right now. So if you got to go right now, I thank you so much for being here. And if you've got questions about launch your CEO. HQ, I can handle those right now. If they're more like, know your numbers questions, maybe we'll handle those tomorrow, during the day with everyone. Okay, so I'm seeing a couple chat questions. Let's just see here. Deb says, Thank you and see you tomorrow. Okay, awesome. Jason's off talking. Is accountant. That's great,

Speaker 2  35:03
good, and I'm seeing good, awesome, yes. So if there's any questions around,

Speaker 1  35:12
around payment, getting your deposit in payment plans, anything like that, we can definitely make that happen, bonuses, anything like that. We can, we can definitely make that happen. I would say, if you're interested in launcher, CEO HQ, then let's work to get your deposit in so we can secure that meeting. And then in the meeting, we can talk about what payment plan would work best for you. Okay, good. What other questions that we have? Okay, I'm seeing Alan to saying he's game for HQ. Awesome. Alanto, that's very exciting. Looking forward to having our one on one conversation. So I'll make sure that we supply everyone with a link to click to with to click to put in their $500 deposit. I'll make sure that that that gets put together by tomorrow. So if you're ready to, ready to get your deposit in, we can do that ASAP. Okay, got a few questions, a link for deposit? Yep, perfect. Yeah. I'll make sure that I've got a link for deposit ready for tomorrow, right? I got a couple people who said they're, they're going to participate in the deposit and maybe even in the whole program. So I will make sure to get that in tomorrow. Okay, any other questions about the program? Let's start. There any other questions around the program?

Speaker 3  36:35
Can you also please do me a favor and send me the link for the recording of today's session after lunch. I had to miss it, but I'll do something catching up tonight as

Speaker 1  36:45
well. Sure. Yeah, absolutely, yep. So I'll make a couple notes for myself for your next actions. So just like yesterday, we'll make sure to send recording. Send recording at end of night, and then we'll also send the deposit link, yes,

Speaker 3  37:04
actually, yeah, I think. But with that email, you can include both the deposit link and that recording link.

Unknown Speaker  37:12
Sure sounds good. Get to work.

Speaker 1  37:17
Twin Quinn, you're snapping the whip on me, go, go, go, go, go.

Speaker 3  37:22
I actually have a question on the on the online program that we already have access to, what's the difference between that and what we're doing right now this three days, like I just, I just want to check so that I don't have to watch it, even I don't have to. Mm, hmm, yeah.

Speaker 1  37:37
So the difference, the difference, the difference between the online course and watching the recordings of this course, like yesterday, today and tomorrow, the difference is almost nothing. So because you've watched this live, and you've watched the recordings for the pieces that you missed. You don't need to go back and watch the replay, or, I'm sorry, the online course. Originally, this course today, yesterday, today and tomorrow. Originally, this was supposed to be live in Austin, at the Westin downtown, which meant that we weren't going at so there wasn't going to be a camera crew, there was going to be no way to record it. And so for people who couldn't fly in, they couldn't make it in, some people bought the bundle just so they could get the recording. So but now that we're doing this, all on Zoom, not in person, now we have a recording of this, and we have a recording of the last time, so it is kind of redundant, if that makes

Speaker 3  38:44
sense. Okay, thank you. So then, then I don't have to watch the other one. Then, okay, thank you.

Speaker 1  38:49
That's right, yep, unless you want to see the professional recording and you want to see, you know, yeah, no, in terms of content, it's the same.

Unknown Speaker  38:59
Great. Thank you. Good. What other questions do we have team?

Speaker 1  39:10
Okay, so sounds like we've got no more questions on launch your CEO. HQ, great. What about anything else we covered today? Any other questions I can make a note and make sure that we cover them with everyone starting tomorrow.

Speaker 3  39:23
Okay, so the last piece that you were doing, the frequency, the who the tools, is that it is that there's not the fourth item

Unknown Speaker  39:33
this you're talking about, yeah, okay, what's the question?

Speaker 3  39:38
Okay, because I just thought that there's more room at the at the end there. So I was just wondering if that this is it, we're done this part here, or

Unknown Speaker  39:47
this is complete. This is complete. Yeah, good. Okay.

Speaker 6  39:53
Tim, Chris had a question in the chat asking what day the HQ sessions would be on. I.

Speaker 1  40:00
Yeah, so most likely the HQ sessions. What I'm looking at my calendars on Fridays, most likely in the afternoon on North American Central Time. So probably something like three o'clock Central on Fridays. I wanted to be a bit sensitive, based on who was joining the program. And if it turns out that, like, 10am on Fridays is better than then I'm open to to moving that, if the whole group's okay with it. So as of right now, we're looking at, you know, New York time, because everyone knows New York time, like three or four o'clock New York time.

Speaker 3  40:44
Any chance it could be on a different day, not Friday? Friday is usually a travel day for me, if I, if I attend events and stuff.

Speaker 1  40:50
Yeah, that's really good point. Yep, there is that possibility. Quinn. And so that's something that we'll just have to kind of work up moving forward based on who joins. And so if you're joining, then, then, then your voice would be a very prominent voice in the conversation.

Unknown Speaker  41:04
Awesome. Thank you. Yeah, thank you. Okay, good. Well, it

Speaker 1  41:10
seems like we've got most questions wrapped up here, so I thank everybody for being here. Really appreciate everyone bringing their full time energy, talents and attention for two days now, from 9am to 6pm and I'm really excited for tomorrow. Tomorrow's going to be amazing. You guys. I'm really looking forward to it. So thank you everybody, and I'll talk to you soon.

Unknown Speaker  41:32
Thanks, Tim. See ya. Thank you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai