Speaker 1  00:00
Chris, welcome back. Day three. Afternoon. Post lunch. Nice to see y'all, and let's tackle a few questions that we've got that have come in so far. I know Chris has been so generous in patience sitting on the edge of his seat. He's asked three times, who the when I spent four years and 100 grand going all over the continent. Who did I study with? And what are some of my favorite books? And so let's cover that one. Chris, you've been so patient. Thank you. I'm going to answer it. Yeah, I'm going to answer it in a slightly different way. So first of all, the

Unknown Speaker  00:39
I'll tell you that the three top teachers that I studied with. One is Keith Cunningham, located here in Austin, Texas, I'd say that in terms of learning how to understand,

Speaker 1  01:00
like the difference between tax accounting and then, like, what we as CEOs, like, he really opened my eyes to that, and then using our financial, newfound financial ability to then, kind of, like, convert that into management decisions. I think that's the huge impact, if I to really summarize it, he had a huge impact on me. And, you know, the impact of his teaching is all over my business and my teaching. You know, he knows that I do this course, and I always submit the course to him, just so because I'm a huge believer, also in respecting intellectual property. And, you know, see, he has access to everything and and he's excited for me, so that's really good. So it's kind of fun to feel encouraged by a mentor. I spent two years in his Chairman's Council, which is like personally working with him. And then I also went to every single one of his classes for the MBA, buy exit businesses planner get slaughtered, and he's right here in Austin, which is pretty cool. I was in Edmonton at the time when I was studying with him initially, so it was a lot of flying. So was a lot of flying back and forth. I would say another one of my top three is Jack stack. I actually have an interview of me with Jack stack on the profit factor YouTube channel. Jack stack wrote a book called the great game of business. And I was so blown away by his method and even just his like way of being, I flew to Springfield, Missouri to tour his factory twice, and also one of his factories twice, and also took all the courses they had available. So he was, he was massively influential for me around, I would say really, like, kind of like, leading by the numbers and and to me, it's a slight distinction from Keith, like, like, Keith really helped me make decisions by the numbers. And I feel like, you know, which then obviously affects leadership, that Jack really helped me to lead by the numbers. Like, how do we really teach our teammates what to look at in the business? How do we make them feel included? How do we make them feel like they're part of the process? And you know, certainly you know, both these guys, you know, helped with both leadership and decision making. No question about that, two very different personalities, very different approaches in terms of some of their philosophies, both very, very committed gentlemen when it comes to genuinely making sure that there's true progress in a business. I always quote both of them everywhere that I can, if I'm using any of their stuff. When you hear things like 3d dimension 3d decision making, that's Tim Francis original. Like, I make sure you know when it's my stuff, when it's other people's stuff, the third person of my top three people who made the biggest impact on me financially. I can't share his name. Unfortunately, he's not an author. He doesn't teach courses. I actually once invited him to a private dinner party of 10 people. It was me, him and eight other people, and he actually declined. He said, you know, Tim, you know, I like to keep a really low profile. And I and I said, oh, like, I said, Oh, maybe I've not communicated properly. This isn't being, like, televised, we're not gonna do photos. And he's like, he's like, I understand. I just, he's like, I I just don't even want to be in a group of 10 people. And, and it was interesting, he said that it didn't I thought that was a little bit strange. And then a little while later, like, you know, probably five years later, after that particular conversation, I heard Keith say to me. He said, you know, Tim, his Keith mentors had always told him that one of the worst places you can be is on the front page of newspaper for good reason or bad, for good reason or bad, because then you become target. And so it's interesting this day and age with things like Shark Tank, where we have like celebrity entrepreneurs, left, right and center, like the mark Cubans and of the world and the Elon Musks of. World and whatnot. Because, you know, that's not the old way, or maybe even the wisest way, of being able to protect ourselves from undue tension. There's a lot of billionaires in the world. Nobody even knows they're billionaires, right? And there's a lot of you know, certainly 100 you know, people, 100 million dollar net worth that no one knows who they are. They don't even make the rich list because they're so under the radar. And

Speaker 2  05:20
there is some wisdom to number four then, because obviously can't get a lot of insight, the number three is kind of the Invisible Man for us, whereas the other two are reachable as far as products and resources.

Speaker 1  05:31
Oh yeah, well, yeah, so Chris, I can maybe tell you more later. I got to keep moving. Okay, so top three books, business wise, because I was other part of your question, Chris, see, Chris, I'm helping you. I'm helping you get all your questions answered, even if it's not completely to your satisfaction. On all, I'm trying to keep it moving for you. Three, top three books. So Keith wrote a book called The Ultimate Guide to an insanely the ultimate blueprint to an insanely successful business by Keith J Cunningham, arguably, Keith is actually the real rich dad from Rich Dad, Poor Dad. That's a side fact that's kind of not true. Yeah. Okay, and, and and. And there's private conversations Keith and I have had that I can't repeat publicly, many of them so, so, but there's if you liked Rich Dad, Poor Dad, you can thank Keith Cunningham, by and large. So next book is the great game of business, Jack stack. I think that that's it moved me. I was moved. I was moved. I was so moved by. Hit that book that I read it. I read it to relax over Christmas break, because that's what entrepreneurs do, right? Relax the business book. And on December the 27th I think I read it. And by, I think it was January 15. I was on a plane to Springfield, Missouri to take all the courses I could possibly get my hands on. So there's kind of a pattern here guys in terms of, like, my approach to things, and then the third person, you know, obviously hadn't written a book, so I can't quote that, so I'm gonna kind of go, I'm gonna go like, you may feel like I'm not answering. Well, okay, so another financial book would be, what's that? What's the Crabtree book? Simple talk, big

Speaker 2  07:28
problem is all business operations, both are interchangeable as far as value.

Speaker 1  07:34
Okay, sure. So, so what are the Crabtree book is? Big talk. Simple talk, big profits, something like that. Whatever that book is by Crabtree, that's a fantastic thank you. Do you got it? Jason, simple numbers, Straight Talk. Big profits are great. Crabtree also very good book. Yeah. Oh, I've got a lot. I've got to those kinds of books that I haven't read either, so you're not alone. Then from there, I'm gonna throw another book in there, just because it's just, it's one of the most important books. I think it's, it blew my mind, and it's just a recent book, actually, that I've read is called Leadership and self deception by Arbinger Institute. Oh my god, you guys, what a mind blowing book I'm currently reading their another one of their very famous books, which is called the anatomy of peace, also by the Urban jur Institute.

Speaker 2  08:23
Yeah, Laura, I'm sorry, leadership and

Speaker 1  08:27
deception, self deception. Yeah, leadership and and leadership and self deception is a good audio book to great game of business. Good audio book, Keith's book, The Ultimate Guide, ultimate blueprint, I don't think is an audio book, and and Greg's book. Actually, I don't know I had the print copy. I don't know if it's if it's an audio book or not. Okay, good Chris, I got to keep moving. Are you

Unknown Speaker  08:55
happy? Thanks very much.

Unknown Speaker  08:56
Yeah, good, good, good, good, happy.

Unknown Speaker  08:59
Chris is happy, like I'll stay awake. Well, you

Speaker 1  09:02
don't have to stay away. We'll just make sure that we keep things moving. So thank you, Chris. I appreciate your, all your your your questions. Good. Okay, very, very quickly, like laser, like laser points. Lauren, can you please share the story that you text? Texted me about what happened at the end of the year, just real quick,

Speaker 3  09:24
you are muted. Okay, I'm unmuted now. Yes, thank you. So I shared that it was, I think it was 20. It might have been 2018 instead of 2019 like I told you. But unfortunately, our bookkeeper of 30 years for my other business passed away very unexpectedly from cancer. I think she was not honest about how sick she was. And it was December 20 that she resigned, and she passed away about a month later. And through the course of that we had thought. She was paying all of our bills, that everything was fine, that the year end stuff was getting done. Turns out, in January, when we actually got, like, all the stuff that she was doing into one place, so I could look at it, none of our bills have been paid for 90 days. So we were over $100,000 in the hole in terms of what we owed. So that was super fun. We, like, we have a ton of accounts receivable that were overdue and not being handled like it was just, it was a mess. And so I was, I was gonna say, one of the reasons I decided to come back and take this again is because, let that be a lesson to everybody that you should know and have a pulse on what's happening in your business. Because, had we not, I mean, we trusted her, she was wonderful, but we didn't make a pulse on it. So we had no idea that we were like, literally walking into a huge, you know, liability, and, like, all this stuff. And it probably took us, I would say, a year and a half to clean up the mess, like, to get everything flowing again, to get transparency on everything, to get all the accounts, like, flowing the way that we used to have them. And I think that's just a really good lesson for everybody that you know, the more you know, the more you can plan. And sure, yeah, that was, that was something that popped up earlier today where I was like, bonus time times a million,

Speaker 1  11:35
right? Okay, well, step aside, Brandon, we got bonus time times a million down here, yes, yeah. And sometimes there's just a little trust but verify that needs to happen, like just kind of once a month. Hated all payables get covered sometimes. You know, it seems like a formality most months, but maybe it becomes a game changer. Okay? Deborah Reynolds, you had a quick win over the break around some recurring expenses that you're able to cancel. Could you quickly tell us what that is? Just a once just a one sentence Network Solutions. I went on there and canceled very simply all the auto renews. I've got a ton of domains, so I wanted to be able to make strategically decisions as when I was going to renew. But they typically renew at least two to three months early, so it gives me more lead time to be able to make decisions and kick them off my list. Very, good, awesome. Well, hopefully that helps to even further elevate the financial impact of the course. Good, okay, awesome. Great, everyone. So as we move into this next piece here, I've got a few requests. I've got a few requests. So number one, and thank you everybody for your kind messages, whether it's a private message in the chat box or text messages that I've received, really maybe praising the hard work that I've done to aggregate this course and to take what can be a complicated, difficult topic and make it really simple. I think it is a unique ability. I think I do have a special gift when it comes to sticking with sticky problems and learning how to explain them really simply. And so thank you for seeing me. I really appreciate that. Related to that is, I, I, I'm going to request that a few things. Number one, when you talk to other people about this course, I think it might be tempting to say, You should do this course, Tim's a wizard, right? And and I, and while I appreciate the kind words, and if you'd like to sing my praises, I encourage that. I by saying Tim's a wizard and not saying much more. I think, I think it sounds like I'm some kind of a magician that other people can't do what I'm teaching. I think that, I think we want to add the second half to say, you know, Tim's a really, really brilliant guy when it comes to numbers, if that's what you think. And then just add, and he makes it so easy so you can do the same, or it makes it so easy so you can understand and know how to get your numbers under control. I really want to make this inclusive and empowering for other people, so that they can feel like it's it's a makeable putt, if you will, for them to come and get their numbers under control as well. Because, as you've seen over the last two and a half days, it really is. Really is, it really, really is like there's been really addition and subtraction and a little bit of multiplication. That's all that's been involved. There's nothing any more complicated than that. We just kind of need to know what to go and do another request around the way that you talk about the course, you know, in addition to the four years and the $100,000 there's been a lot of hard like, if, if the Know your numbers course existed out there, I wouldn't need to create it. I have not found a course anywhere that I've taken from anyone at any price point that that does the job that. Know your numbers does to be on the ground, Boots tactical to give you the ability that you've got and and the gaps that I had in all the courses that I took, I had to sit at a kitchen room table in st Albert, Alberta, Canada, and grind my teeth and slam my head against Google trying to get things answered. And it's like hundreds of hours of work there. So in addition to all the training I've done with some really masterful teachers, and so along those lines, I request that you do respect the intellectual property that I've I've pulled together here, that you give credit when you're talking about any of the frameworks or models and and if you ever are in a situation where you're in a for profit environment, maybe you need you know, maybe you're teaching a course, you're leading a mastermind that you maybe just drop me a quick note to see it, to see where the line is in terms of what's acceptable around the use of my intellectual property. And more often than not, I'll, I'm, I'll probably give you the green light, or say, give it a green light and make sure I just get attribution. Or please mention the new numbers, course, or mention a free tool that I have, or something like that. Ultimately, just that tip of the cap of respect, I would appreciate that. That would really mean a lot to me. Intellectual property theft is a major problem. I now actually have a full on IP lawyer. And you know, we actually to one for trademarks and service marks and the other for litigation. And I never, ever want to call them to say that someone who is a student of mine needs a nasty gram, if you know what I mean. So next up, I have another request, and that is that for the rest of our time together, which is only four and a half, three and a half hours minus breaks. Okay, so it's not much time. It's like maybe three hours. And change that, we really, really, really focus on completing the syllabus, even if you have incomplete comprehension of every detail, because we can always circle back on the recordings, and we can always circle back in the Facebook group if there's a few details that you're looking to backfill. And now I don't have to go that way. We could go for 100% comprehension. We just may not get to 100% of syllabus. So as a group, what would you prefer doing?

Unknown Speaker  17:30
Get through all the material.

Speaker 1  17:32
Everything. Mature, yeah, get through the material. Okay, all right, I'm seeing it. Okay, great. Okay, so I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna request them that instead of asking questions, and instead of me offering opportunities to ask questions that you simply take notes where you've got questions, and then that way, when the recordings become available, Denise has been a rock star, by the way, getting those out like the same night, super, super fast, that's been really impressive, and she's working overtime to make that happen. So thank you, Denise, to you. Thank you for all your help behind the scenes. She's on all these calls. She's listening in, she's making sure everyone's requests. Those of you that have deposits that you're wanting to process with other credit cards, all the rest like she's really making things happen. So round of applause for Denise. Let's give it up for Denise, yes, yes and yes. Thank you. Thank you. I couldn't be this. Go ahead, Denise, I said You're welcome. Tim, what's that? I said, Anything for you. Oh, thanks, Denise, you're making me blush. Yeah, thank you awesome. Thank you so much. Denise, okay, so, okay, great. So we're going to focus on getting through the material, the models and all the rest, and then questions you guys can get cleared up by watching the replay and or putting them in the Facebook group. All right. So here we go. I'm going to show you. I'm going to show you. We were talking about decision making. We're talking about running different scenarios. Okay? And I'm going to share with you. Let me just resize this window just a little bit, and I will share my screen in just a moment here. Okay, so now that we have a little bit of a better sense around how to look at numbers, I'm going to show you modeling. This is modeling different scenarios, and a few of you had questions around this modeling. So when we talk about modeling, this is not real data from a real business, okay, but it's related to reality. And and what we've got here is we have to come up. So the question on the table is, can I afford to put in can I afford to do Facebook ads? That's the question. Can I afford to do it? What would happen if I did what would happen if I didn't do. Um, yeah, because there's a lot of moving parts, right? It's like, what if, you know, what if? What if I do it myself? What if I bring in a marketer? What if I do it myself? What if I bring in a salesperson? What if my salesperson closes at 25% 35% you know? What if my production team can make it less expensive, whether that's a service or a product. Okay, so this example here, for example, is a is a service, okay? And let's just look at some of the variables. So there's 252 work days in a year. That's, that's, that's just fact, in 2020 there's two work days, some days, some years, is a little more, a little bit less. Okay? I could be thinking about, hey, I could sell this product for 3999 or 4999 the overhead of this company. Let's say it could be 665, 50 506,060 500-775-8000 let's say, as the CEO, I'm thinking, I might take 4000 5006 789, $10,000 I might we'll see. Okay, then from there, I'm gonna hire a marketer. Okay, what if this marketer gets paid 1500 3040 $506,000 as a base, I could change this to 5% 10% 15% of revenue. So we'll say 5% revenue for now. Um, the marketer might get our pay per click cost to $50 per booked call for the sales meeting, 75 101 25 150, all the way up to $300 the sales person. Now my sales person, okay if I hire a salesperson and they're $3,000 base, and then I pay them 10% of closes. That's my deal with them. And of course, you know I I could change it to 1520, 25 I can try different models. And then from there, my sales close and sales person close rate, if they're closing at 2530 3540 4550 okay, then what about, what about delivering the product to the service? Maybe our fulfillment is $1,000 per sale. Maybe it's 1250 maybe it's 1500 per sale. Okay, so like, goodness gracious, there's so many different possibilities here. How do I possibly, you know, make a decision on, do I hire the marketer? Do I not do I hire the salesperson? Do I not? Do I launch this product or service? Do I not? Right? So let's just start going through it, and you guys are going to see that we kind of, in a sense, have an income statement laid sideways here, right? So all this here is first calls, how many, how many meetings, like, how many sales meetings are happening, and a close rate, and deals, close, sale price, all of that is leading activities that lead up to gross revenue per month. You guys see that? Can I get a nod or thumbs up? Yep. Okay, great. Okay, then I've got salesperson compensation per month. Now this is a blend of base plus commission. We've got our fulfillment costs per month, right? And that's up here, which means my gross profit before acquisition costs. So this isn't gross profit. This is gross profit before paying to acquire is going to be here. So then from there, I'm going to have my marketer that I'm going to pay their base plus commission, plus the cost of the Facebook ads or LinkedIn ads or Google ads, which then, like I'm just marking, marching my way down the income statement here, right? And then my gross profit per month, before overhead, obviously, because it's gross profit, and before any kind of CEO compensation. Now that might be a salary, that might be a dividend. We're just going to say CEO compensation. So right here, we've hit gross profit. This is per month. This is per year. So this is true, kind of gross profit at this point. Yes, gross profit, because before any overhead or CEO comp. So far so good. Are we good? Thumbs up. Nod. Nodded heads. Yeah. Okay, good. So then from there, gross margin is simply gross profit, dollars that I keep compared to total revenue sold, right? So if we look, this is roughly 30 out of roughly 70. So I'm sorry, it's roughly five divided by roughly 28 so that's 20.8% then, as I keep going, then I've got company overhead, or overhead for this new division, or whatever. I've got my CEO comp in there, which leads me to what's my profit before tax per month, which therefore multiply that by 12, what's my profit before tax per year, and then what is my gross margin before tax? So this is oops. I should have said gross profit gross profit margin. Yeah, and then this is my profit margin before tax. There we go, profit margin before tax, just like this, PBT per year in dollars, and then percentages. So we can see, we can see that this is not working. I'm losing $86,000 a year. If I run this play, $86,000 per year. So it begs the question, Tim, how do you find these things out? How do you find out what your base cost for a marketer is, and your base cost for a salesperson and your anticipated pay per click, cost per call, booked for your sales person, right? Well, you do some research, right? You call around to some marketers. What deal are you willing to cut with me? Right? You talk to people who have sales people. You say, What are you paying your salesperson? What you know? How are you compensating them? Or, if you have had salespeople in the past, you can just take that knowledge forward. Right? In terms of overhead, you just look, you just look at your income statement, right, what is my overhead? Right? What is my overhead? I can ask myself, what can I live on? If this is my main source of income, could I live on less money? Right? How many work days are there? Just Google it, right. Sale price. Well, what? What is a similar service sell for in the market, right? So, you know, these are approximations. No doubt about it. The more you get going into it, though, the more you're going to be clear that, ooh, 3999 is not the right price. I need to try something else. You know what? I've been advertising a job for $3,000 base plus 10% commission. I'm not getting any bites. I'm gonna have to increase that. Okay, so it's research, it's research. It's research. When you figure out fulfillment costs, like, let's say that, you know, to package one box requires five minutes, and you're paying an employee, you know, $10 an hour to pack that box. Then

Speaker 1  27:05
10 minutes is 1/6 of an hour. So what's 1/6 of $10 right? So literally, to the minute, how much labor is going into making this happen? How much, how much tape goes on to a box? Like, what does a single cardboard box cost you? Or if it's a service, what does it take to onboard that client? How many hours of which teammates? And what are those teammates wages? Right? Then there's actually fulfilling the Pro, the service rather or the project. What does that cost, right? So literally, you're just sitting there going, I pay this person this much multiplied by this much work on this particular order equals this much labor. I need to get a logo from 99 designs for $100 per website that I build. That's $100 right? So you just break it down, and then from there you'll come up with your fulfillment cost is. So now I can take a look at this and say, Okay, if I sit here and let's say that I decide to invest into helping my salesperson get better, I can say, you know, I've got five hours a week. I can work on improving the conversions, right? What if I spent what if I spent some time and I helped my salesperson go from 35% to 40% I'm just gonna select 40% the whole table changes. The whole table. I don't know if you saw that, but watch the numbers down here. Okay, and maybe even more exciting, let's go over here and let's look at our PBT pre or let's watch this column right here. Okay, I'm going to lose 86 grand if all else remains the same. If I can help my salesperson get just 5% better, that's worth $20,000 a year in earnings to me. So then that brings another question. Well, if an improvement of 5% can improve my earnings by $20,000 in a year. Maybe be worth having my salesperson do some sales training. And if that sales training is $10,000 a year, and it looks like it's going to give me a shot at adding $20,000 in profit, that's probably a great investment. That's probably a great investment. I'm adding $10,000 in expenses, which takes down profit before tax by 10,000 but I'm adding 20. That's a mate. That's a very good that's a very good investment, right as long as I've got the cash, obviously, to be able to float that investment between now and when the 5% improvement is going to happen. Right now? What if? So, great. Okay, so, great. So I figured out I can, I can give my person some sales training. I don't have to either one to deliver it. I'm going to send them to Sandler sales training. Now, maybe I can work with my marketer. My marketer is going to work with me, and we're going to talk about, like, what's customer buying? Language? What is it that I say when I'm speaking live from stage, for example? Or, you know, where else can the marketer get access to customer testimonials and whatnot? Now, and let's say that our marketer can now, because of the time putting in with them, they can get that down to $150 per call, right? $150 in ads so that we can get act so that we can book these sales calls for $150 of pay per click. Dollars equals one call in here, a first call. Okay, well, let's take a look. What did that do to our profit per year, right? So watch that column right? If we go back to it's minus $86,000 right? Which then, because we improved our salesperson performance, it's negative 60. If I improve our pay per click cost, it's now $41,000 a negative $41,000 okay, got it all right. Fantastic. What else can I do if I need to keep engineering the situation? I could, let's say, reduce my overall CEO comp. Let's say, You know what, I can actually get by in $5,000 so nothing in here is going to change, right? Because this is direct costs up here, direct costs up until here, up in the overhead. This is, this is where we just saw that change, right? So let's just go back a step. You can see it says CEO comp, $7,000 and now it's $5,000 and guess what? Okay, we're getting closer and closer, right and closer and closer. Now what if, instead of shooting for one first call per day, what if, in talking to my marketer, he says, Yeah, it'll be one call a day until we can get this dialed in, and once I can get it down to about 125 calls per day, $125 per call. Then, then I suggest we ramp up the ad spent. So okay, perfect, great. So then what's that gonna look like if I get it down to $125 per call, right there, and we're now going to increase ad spend, so we're now getting three calls a day, then we've now got three calls a day. Let's follow that one across, and all of a sudden, now our pvts exploded to 364,002 45 so how can that be that there's such a gap here? It's because of overhead. When you have overhead for a business, it's going to be a certain number of dollars, right? And if that's if your overhead is spread out over just one sale, then there's not, there's not that much leverage on your overhead. Whereas, if your ever overhead is divided by, you know, 500 sales, then your overhead shrinks to being a tiny percentage of impact on the money coming in, right? So, so if I've got, let's say I know that my team, my team can handle, let's say, let's see here. Let's say that I know that my team can handle 3030, new deals close, whether it's websites or great assistance for us or something like that. Okay, I'm just gonna say, Okay, I know we can handle 30 closed deals. That's our capacity. What has to be true for us to be at that point? Well, like, what's the profit potential of this project? 30 looks like it's about $539,000 profit before tax. I get pretty excited about that, assuming that our CEO takes only $5,000 assuming that our marketer is willing to work for this amount up here, right? 1500 plus 5% assuming that we get the PPC cost per call to 125, assuming that, right, there's a lot of assumptions up here. And so in on one hand, it might be tempting to say, well, there's no way to know, because I just so many variables. Well, I agree there's a lot of variables, but instead, I would far prefer that we actually investigate those variables, put them in a spreadsheet like this, and now I can run some scenarios, because I might say, like, Okay, well, you know, great. My salesperson is rocking and rolling at 40% my team's doing great. We're able to get fulfillment down to just $1,000 to fulfill. If I'm only getting one call booked from online advertising, from Facebook ads or Google ads, or whatever, per day, like I'm playing for this number here, which is $638,000 in profit. But if we're at one call per workday, and we're only making $12,818 and I took a haircut as CEO, I don't want to do that deal. I can only handle that for so many weeks before I'm like, we need to change directions here, somehow I need another marketing strategy. I you know, or I need to change expectations with this marketer. Maybe, instead of it being a three month ramp up, maybe we need to, like, take a look at six months, and in the meantime, I need to go do something else. I need to go speak on stages. I need to do a partnerships. I need to do an endorsed email with someone else. I need a different strategy. G, okay, all right. So I know there's going to be questions on Tim, how are you making all this magic happen in Excel? And I will record a video that I'll put in the members area that teaches specifically how to do some of the Excel magic. I confirm for you, it's nothing more than plusing and minusing. Like if you look, if you look up here, this is just multiplying and dividing. Okay, this is a little bit fancy here, because I said round down, but you don't need to use round down. This could be 7.3

Speaker 1  35:34
or whatever, okay, but that's just me being a little more advanced about things. But this all just look, it's just all plus minus, plus minus, plus minus, divide plus minus. So it's just logic. It's just logic, you guys, it's it's just the same exact logic you've already learned how to do from the rest of the course. Now, the one thing that is kind of magic that makes you go, what is, how do we create these drop downs? Right? How do you create these drop down situations? Right here. Okay, that's what's called data validation. I have no idea why it's called that. Okay, and so you'll see actually have some hidden rows here. And so right here, we can you say, Okay, what if the sale price is 3999 or 4999 and so when I'm up here, my sale price, I would click this box. I go data, I go data validation right there. And it says, Okay, great. Which range are you pulling from? And so we said that. So the cell is going to be here, and we need to pull it from where. And I'm saying from C 20 to C 20. Sorry, yeah, right here. And so then from there, it says, Okay, great. Now this boxing have a drop down that's going to have those, those values, and every one of the spots you see a down arrow, there's just a different line here of data, and that allows you to run different scenarios. Okay, indeed, it is life changing, good. So this is how you do financial modeling. And I know we could do 101 questions. I encourage you to put your questions on your piece of paper and circle back, either through the recording or through the Facebook group. Okay, good. I'm gonna keep moving. I'm gonna keep moving. Good. Awesome, great. Let's talk about payables. Let's talk about payables. This is, this is a version of the spreadsheet that I use. This is a version of the spreadsheet I use to and Denise and I use together. So this is the workflow. Let me just show you the workflow. Let me show you the workflow. When we get bills that come into my inbox, Denise answers. Denise handles my email inbox. Okay, first and foremost, we have a label. Some people call it a folder, but it's actually a label in the left sidebar that's exclamation point. Tim, Dash. Pay this. It's exclamation point so that it goes to the top of the alphabetical list, so I don't have to scroll all the way down through all the labels in Gmail to get to T for Tim. Pay this instead, it picks up the exclamation point. So the email comes in. Denise looks at all my email, those that are invoices, my great assistant then puts the invoice in here. So all my invoices are in one place. I've negotiated with all my vendors that I pay them once a month on the 15th of the month of the month following when they provided the service. So someone gave me service on March the 10th. Then that falls in the March one to 31 the cutoff is March 31 and I pay them on April 15. Okay, then from there, Denise will also then go in. This is not real data. This is, this is copying. I changed the data so I could share it publicly. But this is a copy of the spreadsheet. Okay. Denise will then come in here, and then she will add the payable, right? So this is our kind of summary. At the top. Here is this territory, up here, two through nine rows, two through nine and my internal team. I'm gonna have to pay my internal team. I'm gonna have to pay for some commissions to sales people, and then also some commissions to some affiliates. This should say your company as well. Then there's other payables, which are other things that are not like these are the three most common that we face. Then there's other and then there's miscellaneous for the future. So if our deadline is April 15. This is the payables that are not internal team stuff or typical team stuff that I need to pay by this deadline of April 15. Future is after So, for example, if I had a mastermind that I was paying for and I was going to start paying, or my next payment anyways was in 60 days from now, then it would show up. This total Okay, so you'll see that down here. Denise will also take note of all the commissions that are happening. So let's say that my salesperson, Steve, again, it's a fictitious name, sells to Gina redta, and the commission that is generated is $500 that I now owe Steve for that sale. Then Denise will put it in here. She'll put $500 for all the different sales that my salesperson, Steve has generated now, so at the start, so obviously, through the month, this would all be I'd paid 00000, because it's not time to pay yet. Then from there, any of our partners, right? So let's say I do a promotion with my good buddy tan and a great assistant ends up buying or a few great assistants, or whatever. The client that bought from us is John Smith. The Commission amount that I owe that affiliate is $2,000 at the start of the month. It would be zero. It'd be zero that I've paid so far. And then any other affiliates, then there's staff. So as staff send their invoices in, and especially if you've got contractors, right, then there's amount that I'm going to be paying them. John Kelly, Brandon, Tina, Mike, again, fictitious names, fictitious amounts. And again, it's the same date. This should actually, whoops, all these dates, right? Here should be April 15. This should say April 15 as well. And then lastly is other kinds of payables. So I made the example that mastermind, right? The amount should be 10. And if I've paid five so far, but I got to pay the next five. Then it tells me, right there, so, so far. Tim, the CEO actually hasn't done a single bit of work here, right? Like Denise is the one that updates all of this, all of this, right? So then what happens is on the 15th of the month, or the 13th to the 14th, depending on what days I might be working. I come into here. Where did that go? 50 of the month. I come into my I come to my email inbox. I ignore the inbox. I go straight to Tim pay this. And in there I've got a list of the invoices I need to pay. Then from there, I come over here, and let's say that I see that I'm going to start paying my internal team here, right? So I pay John $2,200 this updates, now the outstanding is zero. I pay Kelly 780 this updates and it's zero. I pay 900 to Brandon. This updates to zero, right? So it allows me to kind of keep track as to where I'm going if I get interrupted, or if I got to do it over the course of two or three days, then I know where I stand. We can also keep track of other payables that are coming down the pipeline right here. So at the end of the day, I all I got to do is just glance up here to see what kind of payables Am I facing, right? And when we talk about getting clear on my free cash, one of the things I'm removing is payables, right, cash minus payables, right? So all I got to do is come up here, and if I got online banking, and my online banking says $20,000 I say I've got payables for eight I know I have no more than $12,000 and probably less than that in terms of free cash. Okay, I will give you access to this payables. This is one of the spreadsheets. Now, one thing I'm just going to warn you, I'm not promising that the formulas are all working, because I did copy this over from my own internal company, and some of the formulas broke when it came over. So just double check your work as you're going along. I just want you to be able to see this. And I want you to know that you as the CEO, all you, all you should have, is going in here, seeing the invoices, going into here, seeing what's due, and then just paying them and knocking them off, if you've got a bookkeeper, doing it even better. I though, to Lauren's point earlier, I would probably still want to double check this at the end of each month, even if I've got a bookkeeper doing it, to make sure that all the amounts look good and that it's been properly paid. So what we do in our team is Denise will through the month. She'll be catching all the invoices and payables, putting them in here and into the spreadsheet. And then once we cross April 5, once we cross April 1, because, remember, that's the cutoff in my on my team is April 1 or March 30, then she will duplicate this sheet, She'll create a copy, and then she'll start putting all the new invoices on the next tab, and then when April 15 comes, then I'll come and I'll pay this one while she's already working on the May 15 tab. Okay, good. Let's look at our next tool. Let's look at our next tool. Okay. Right? So in your let me just see this here. Yep, I'm going to need to go and find where did this go?

Speaker 1  45:16
Numbers and presentation. I'm okay, so I told you about share screen again here,

Speaker 1  45:36
sharing screen in three, two and one, right? So I was telling you about CEO HQ, which you want to have in here, right? So in here we want to have a cash flow forecast, right? And if you remember, I said that's something you want to do probably approximately every quarter, unless your business is flying very low with wheels touching the treetops or there's a lot of turbulence in the air around you, either case you want to be running this and looking at different scenarios. Okay, so that's the first document in our CEO HQ. Next up is payables, and we just looked at that, right? That's what we just looked at. Okay? Next up is Team Scoreboard, actually, before we do that, because I know that that's going to be a little longer is I want to talk unearned revenue. So let's talk unearned revenue. Okay, so I acknowledge that this is simpler. This is simpler. And if you've got a massive business. This may not be the right solution. This may be too simple, but I'll tell you for probably even up to a five to $10 million business that is selling, you know, products like so, for example, this is, you know, if this is board of advisors, for example, $30,000 it's it's still manageable within this tool. And I think the right tool for the job is a really big piece of it. So whether you end up using this tool exactly, or a version of it, don't let the tool itself get in the way the principles. So the principles here are, let's say we sign up a client, John Smith, he joins board of advisors. Remember, this is our cash. Clarify, right? Sales, sold earnings, earned cash collected. Sales, sold earnings, earned cash collected. Okay, so, sales sold on October 15. Let's say imaginary person. John Smith joins board of advisors, $30,000 and the program runs January through December. Now hang tight here. This is October 15, 2018 and this is January, 31 2019, hmm. Okay, so Did we skip November? Did we skip? I'm not too sure, but it's a question mark. Oh, okay, whatever. Let's hold that to the side. Next client we have is Donna Karan, right? Donna Karan and Donna Karen spent $30,000 also. She's February 14 that we made the sale, and she started in board of advisors the following month. I'm sorry she where's our cash collected? Oh, yeah, this is even better than expected. So donna, donna paid February 14. We know that she's starting to pay right here, $10,000 on March the first, and then 20 on April 15. And just like our previous example, that $30,000 I get to earn that one month at a time. So $30,000 divided by 12, so we can see that Dawn is scheduled. She's participating in board of advisors starting on April 1, which is the week of March, 31 and every month after that, right? So, month, month, month, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, right? So that's her 12 months in VOA. John's got a different 12 months in VOA, right? He's starting in January. And then we got a third person, Mike Stone, who paid a different amount of $33,000 on January 15. That's, that was, I'm sorry, not when he paid, but that's when he committed, and then he started paying on February the first, and because he wanted a longer payment plan, he paid a little bit more. So you got 2750 and then along the way, also happened to have a private consulting client who said, you know, Tim, I don't want boa, but I want $10,000.10 hours of consulting. I sold it to her on June 15. She paid on June 15, installment one, installment two, with earnings earned, I did the consulting on July the 10th. We spent a whole day together. We spent 10 hours in one day, all in one day. Okay, so we got kind of a complicated situation. Right? We've got people who are buying at vastly different times, right? We've got earnings schedules that are different. One person is January through December, and then I sold Donna, and she's march through February, and then Mike is May through April. So we've got all these wildly different periods. And furthermore, it turns out we actually have, like, actually not even a boa. So this is like a private consulting cell. So like, what in the heck are we supposed to do with all that madness, right? There must be a better way. So first of all,

Unknown Speaker  50:40
with this simple spreadsheet, I can tell exactly where I should be with unearned revenue

Speaker 1  50:48
at the end of any given month. So right here, this is the start date of a month, October one, November, December, January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, on and on. My end date of each month is October 31 November, 30, December, 31 January, 31, on and on. If all I do is, if I if, all I want to know from a sales perspective, how much did I sell in October? All I got to do is look at October and look at sales sold. And this pulls all the data from the previous tab and tells me across all those four different people. What did I sell in October? And if I were to go back, I would see, I would see that in October, I sold 30 there. And is there any other October dates like now, I'm kind of like leaning in. I'm squinting. Was there anything in October here? No. Was anything on top grinding, grinding, grinding, no. Okay, all right, so it's accurate, right. From there, I can also say how much have I earned each month? So in January, I only earned $2,500 right? And I earned $2,500 from Jan one to 31. In 2019 I earned $2,500 because we had one person in boa That was John, and in January, I earned $2,500 from his participation. The spreadsheets already told me I don't have to look any further. I don't even need to look although I will just to double check. Donna was not in boa in January, Mike was not in boa in January. Kara didn't was not part of boa or anything in January, right. Okay, so the spreadsheets Correct. What about cash collected? I collected $6,000 in January? Let's take a look. Right, scrolling, scrolling, scrolling. In January, what did I collect? Nothing. What did I collect in January? Nothing. What did I collect in January? Nothing, January. Nothing. Hmm, January. Oh, that was January. I'm sorry, 2019 2019 2019 so we look at January 2019 that would be here, no cash collected. See, it's even tough for me to teach this, because it's so inconvenient. There we go. John Smith paid us $6,000 there, and I'm squinting in again, and I've got Donna, I earned. It's 2020, see human error, right? So in short, what I'm getting at is we can have all these three swim lanes sales, sold. Earnings are in cash collected. It can be impossible as soon as you have just a few different people on different schedules in there to get any clarity, using Excel, though, I can very quickly see my sales sold, my earnings earned, my cash collected. And so this column here, end of month, aggregated unearned revenue tells me that in my bank, I should in my separate bank account called unearned revenue, at the end of January, 31 2019 I should have $3,500 in that account. Everything else I can put, I can put back into general operating or I may have to put into taxes or somewhere else, but I don't have to keep it in unearned revenue. And instead of being terrified and just hoarding all $35,000 and keeping it in unearned revenue because I don't know when I can spend it, I can release it right or the opposite, instead of just spending it all, I know I need to pull some out, three to 500 out, and put it at the end of the month into that unearned revenue bank account. And as things get more complicated, we get deeper into here, and we've got more people joining different people in boa, no problem. The spreadsheet still tells me that at the end of the month, I should have 9000 at the end of that month in the unearned revenue bank account. 23, 540-748-4338, and you see the numbers start getting lower and lower and lower because I haven't made any. New sales, and now I'm just kind of like burning off. I'm earning the revenue every month that goes by. And so that means that I can release, you know, in this month, right here, at the end of November, I can release any amount above 18, 250, back into general operating or into one of my other bank accounts. You can see that I've actually earned everything as of April 1. Then there's a spike here, because guess what? What happened in June? In June? Kara weglin signed up June 15, sold 10. I earned 10 in July. She paid in June. She paid in July. And that's it, right there. So do you see how? And let's just be clear, who puts this data in here? Not me. It's my great assistant, Denise, puts the data in here. All that I got to do is go in here, and sometimes even Denise goes in here and just tells me, so that I know at the end of the month that's how much money needs to be an unearned revenue. Super simple. Now I can take this another step further, and if I want to know, here's the four clients. We talked to John Smith, Donna, Karen, Mike stone and Carol weglund, right? So we've got these four people. I can now adjust any time range I want up here, and it will tell me how much I've sold, earned or collected from each of those people. So let's take, for example, let's say John Smith on July 15. You can see that John Smith is in boa and he's in the program January through December of 2019 let's say that I signed an agreement with him that, you know, boa is non refundable and there's no exceptions. And, and then something happens, and he's going into bankruptcy, and he says, Tim, I'm wondering if you'd be willing to cut me a deal on the difference, if would be even possible. And and I say, You know what, John, yes, I can negotiate something with you. Well, if it's July the 15th that he's making that phone call, all I have to do is say, go here and say, from January 1, which is the first day, even if this is 2018 doesn't really matter. Let me actually do this clean. John was Jan of 19. And we're saying Jan one of 2019 and he calls me on July the 15th of 2019 and says, Tim, we need to work this like I'm so sorry. My wife has cancer. I'm going bankrupt, and all I got to do is change the date range here, and I can see in that time range, I didn't sell him anything new. I did earn $15,000 from him, and I collected 30 so what that means is he's already, I've already earned 15 from him. So of the 30 that's gone and dusted, it's mine. The balance remaining is 15. And so maybe if he wants to cut a deal, we'll negotiate on that, on that amount, right? So by being able to tell this is kind of like a time machine that you can go forward or backwards in time and say, here's the State of the Union on any one of these clients at any given point in time. Okay, so I've been going pretty strong here. I'm not prepared to answer questions, because we need to keep the train rolling here. I am, however, willing to hear reactions, reactions like, Is this helpful? Is this not helpful? Tim, this is amazing. Tim, this is boring, that kind of thing. So what kind of reactions do we have?

Unknown Speaker  58:58
Super, super helpful, super, super

Speaker 1  59:01
helpful. Okay, thank you. Lauren, very helpful, yes. Tim Brandon Jaeger, very helpful. Okay, okay, Quinn's asking, How did you become an Excel ninja to Denise, and it's actually me who programmed all this. This is me continuing to bang my head against the keys and get coaching and investing into all of it. So So I teach Denise how to do this stuff, and she's off to the races with it. A quick insider tip. Part of how I'm able to make all this happen is by using a formula called some ifs. And so what I'm saying is, I'm telling Excel some this ledger of events C, which is here. So some sales, sold if. If that same ledger of events in B, which is B is date, is greater than or equal to a five, so it's greater than or equal to January one, or it's smaller than or equal to January 31 and so Excel, or Google Sheets, is literally scanning this whole sale sold and only adding up the numbers if they meet the criteria of bigger than this date, smaller than that date, then whatever rows meet that criteria, it adds the values of them together to give me that and the way that I'm able to do the next one, and, and, and the training on some ifs is in the members area. Okay, so if you've got Excel questions, this is not the time and place to handle them. Encourage you to go check out the training. Okay, the way that I can do this is by just adding yet another layer. Is to say, right here, sum up sales sold. So that's the C column of ledger. Sum up any time all the numbers that meet this criteria. The criteria is that the name, which is ledger a matches this name here. So Donna Karan and the date, which is B, is larger than this start date, larger to or equal or smaller than or equal to this end date. So then whatever you put in here, it'll just run the formula differently, and it'll return the result just that simple. Okay, SUMIFS, COUNTIFS. I'm gonna show you data validation in a future video that I record and I put in the members area named ranges, I think is something I'll probably put in. They're unique. There's another one. There's like, only five. There's only five different. Once you know how to do those five, you know how to slice and dice data like a badass, it's amazing. Okay, okay, good, awesome. So I'm going to propose that we take a break. I'm going to propose that we come back at 29 minutes after the hour. So not 30 but 2929 minutes after the hour, ready and go.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai