Speaker 1  00:00
According to the club. Welcome everybody to know your numbers. I feel like I should be almost standing, you know, like I feel like I'm standing in front of this amazing group of superheroes, because that's who you all are. To me, you guys are all superheroes. I think to do what you do is really special as an entrepreneur right now, especially in the world that we have happening right now. The world is a place that requires creativity and steely focus and resolve amidst all of the chaos of what's going on. And so every single one of you I already thought of as a superhero for being business owners and business leaders, and now, especially in these times, that's like true times 10. So thank you, every single one of you, for who you are in the world, and furthermore, for gifting three days of your life to me. It does not come to me as a small commitment that especially at a time when things can be very urgent that you are choosing to invest three full days of prime working time with us here that's really, really, really meaningful. And you've got my word I'm going to bring every little bit that I can to the table, and I don't want to have any questions left over. So if you've got any questions, do not hesitate. Please let me know, and even and you know, Chris, if it's, you know, six in the morning in Australia and you need to message me, and we got a weird timezone thing happening, like, still, please speak up and we'll make sure that everything gets taken care of. So most Thank you. I appreciate you. Appreciate you. So I'd like to really dive in and begin by saying that, in my opinion, I think what you're about to learn is the missing piece that we never got taught in school around the fundamentals of, yes, money, but it's not actually money. It's numbers. And it's not just numbers, but it's actually decision making. I think what you've stepped into, you it's like, we maybe stepped into a course called, know, your numbers, thinking like, I hate accounting, I hate bookkeeping, I hate taxes. It's overwhelming, it's embarrassing. I feel frustrated when, in fact, I think what you're going to discover very, very quickly is this, course is very, very much around making clean decisions, and it doesn't mean that we're always going to be right, and it doesn't mean that we're always going to have all the information. It is going to, however, give us a level of clarity, a level of confidence and a level of calm as leaders of our businesses. So be so I'd love to hear from a few people. What is it that you are hoping to get today and or what are some of your greatest fears coming into this course? Like, oh, Tim, I'm not a numbers person. Or Tim, I feel intimidated by accounting or or maybe like me, maybe you failed calculus three times and got rejected from business school three times. So as you're formulating what those thoughts might be, I'll just share a quick moment about myself. I I've always loved bringing people together in in in high school, I was really like, the guy who made intramural sports happen, and I buy blocks of tickets to hockey games and rent a bus, and we'd all go the whole school and and so that in high school, that was me. And I was like, you know, an athlete I love to be, you know, always competing on behalf of my school in high school, something that I was not good at was math. I was really, really. I was so frustrated by it. I was also doing it in a second language. I did my whole high school in French, which I don't know if that made it easier or harder. I just sucked. I just sucked. That's just it. That's the bottom line. There's another way to say it. I sucked in English and in French. That's, you know, I sucked in two languages. How about that? Right at math. And so I even recall being recommended that I drop calculus because it just was not working out for me. So the only, the only reason, and I've actually never told anyone sharing this, the only reason I made it through the first half of the first semester of college calculus. This is my third time trying to take calculus in in school, and now, when I was in college, the only reason I was getting honors numbers was because my best friend's mom was a professor, and so she had access to buy the professor, version of the textbooks that had all the answers, and he got access to my calculus classes teacher edition, and got his through his mom's license and snuck it to me. And so I was doing all the assignments. I was straight up cheating not even a shade of. Tray to it, stealing all of the answers and putting that on my assignments and submitting it to my professor. So like that is academic dishonesty at the highest, purest level and and then from there, I got to the first exam, and did the exam, and was promptly exposed because I came in with like a 27% because I had no idea what I was doing. So before they kicked me out of the entirety of the college, I chose to gracefully remove myself from the class and still get to be in school, in the other classes, and still be an athlete, and all the things that I was so so I don't know if anyone stooped to those lows, but that is the lows that I'm coming from when it comes to numbers and math, and you can Understand the like just fear running through my veins when I, you know, when I was signing my first tax return as an entrepreneur and and getting the set of financials from my accountant, and my accountant is starting to say things like, all right, Tim, like, you know, this is a legal document. You know that you're submitting with the government. We just need your signature to make it official. And I'm looking at it, I'm going, like, I have no idea it felt to me like, what it might feel like to, like, sign a mortgage or a purchase agreement to buy a house, but it's in like, Italian, you know, or Italian. I might even have a bit of a fighting chance, because I know English and French, but let's say it's in like, Arabic, and I neither. I need to sign my name on this saying that I've sat for me. That's how it felt. And yet I was just like, I have no other choice. I'd ask my accountant for help, and he would just say, Oh, well, Tim, the reason that your bank account is a different number than the income statement is because the period that we're pulling from is a different period from what you're looking at, your income your balance sheet, and, in fact, your income statement. And if all you do is add back the accounts receivable, make an adjustment around the accounts payable, and take into consideration owner distributions, it would all add up. Take my word for it.

Unknown Speaker  07:16
I was like,

Speaker 1  07:18
I think I'm dumber than I was a minute ago. Like, what? And then, so, then I was like, So, would you be willing to, like, help me understand what you just said? And it was just like, hieroglyphics, hieroglyphics, hieroglyphics. Like, that's all it seemed like it was to me for. And then at one point, and you know, like, I kind of don't like knowing what I know now, looking back, I don't blame him. At one point, he just said, Tim, why don't you go take an accounting class? And I mean, that was the last thing I wanted to do. So what I ended up doing instead was I ended up flying around North America, going to all the workshops I could find around understanding accounting, but, but I couldn't stomach the idea of actually going to do an accounting class, because that seemed like the root of all evil, right? I don't like why would I go into the mouth of the dragon, right? And so I ended up spending about $100,000 going back and forth around North America. And along the way, a few things I learned a ton. I learned some from some amazing teachers. I learned some amazing insights about leading from the numbers and and I also discovered that there was still a bunch of missing pieces. And so I'll always remember the day when I took my Chrysler 300 with this badass Bentley grill and all tinted windows, so like far too gangster a car for me. For those of you who know me and I'm rolling down Jasper Avenue in downtown Edmonton, the snow is crunching under my tires, my I pull off to the side I park, and I'm gripping the steering wheels because I had just arrived at accounting class night school, University of Alberta, I bit the bullet and finally registered. And in that moment, all the flood of shame and numbers and fear hit me again, and I immediately thought of all the scary tax returns and whatnot that I'd signed, that I didn't know what I was signing. And honestly I also, like, I got a degree. It took me five and a half years to do a four year degree, and I just, I said I would never go back to university, because it sucked. And here I was going back to the University of Alberta for night school. Now it'd be generally generous to say that I was, like, going back to take credited courses, because the fact of the matter was I was going to night school that was, like, audited only because they wouldn't even let me into, like, the for credit part, because my marks were too shitty to like, let me into the main four. Credit parts. So I was kind of just in an adult study education and nighttime thing and and so I sat down and started learning. And there was parts of it that were just as crappy as I thought, right? And a lot of like, seemingly totally irrelevant examples to entrepreneurs talking about, like, Well, if the stock market goes down by 15 points and Apple decides to change their accounts payable to this is this, and I'm just like gritting to make my way through it. But you know what I did? I made it through, and I actually got 100% of my midterm, which is like a miracle, it seemed like. And from there, I really embarked on spending is probably the better part of a year, just finally getting this thing under control through the process. Now that I know what I know, I've been able to make massive contributions to board meetings. I've sat through 139 board meetings. Now I've also found millions of dollars of profit in companies, and I've been able to put together a course called, know your numbers that, in my mind, is the $100,000.04 years of crisscrossing the continent down into just three days. And I know three days is a big commitment, but I'll tell you, it's sure better than four years and 100 grand crisscrossing the planet, plus all the flights, accommodations and everything go with it, right which wouldn't even be possible right now. So I've got some good news you guys. There's only, like, 1% maybe even less than 1% of accounting that you actually need to know to be effective as a CEO, as a leader and or as a consultant, as if you're helping other businesses, and or as an investor, if you're investing in other businesses, there is a massive difference between what your accountant needs to know and what you need to know. Your accountant needs to know tax accounting. 99% of accountants out there are what's called a tax accountant. 99% of accounts out there have little to no knowledge of other kinds of accounting and and even if they do, they're just so used to doing tax accounting, they're not really used to being in like the leadership conversation or the entrepreneur conversation, like you're going to learn in the next few days. So I call it entrepreneur accounting, and it's the technical accounting world. Would call it managerial accounting. And and once we have under our belt, what you're about to learn, and over the next three days, you'll be able to do a few different things. Number one, you'll be able to look at a set of financials. And even if you have no idea what this business is, even if you've never spent any time in the industry, even if it's your first time seeing that particular company's financials, you'll have the ability to look at it, know what the documents are that you're looking at. You'll have the ability to go through them with a little bit of a flow, to be able to understand what the big pieces are, and you're going to discover that financials really are a treasure map, a treasure map in the sense that it'll tell you where you need to ask more questions, right? And in the financials don't necessarily tell us, like, Hey, this is the problem. They do, however, put an X on the map that that says, dig here. So, for example, I was sitting, I was preparing, actually, for a board meeting, and I'm going through some financials from a company, and something just wasn't adding up. I'm looking at it, and there's an X marks the spot for me. And so, you know, so I really do. I circled that number, and I put a little couple notes in the margin, and in the board meeting the next day we got we got going, and as I was talking to the the one of the two owners, there was only one owner in the room that day. I really think two owners there would have made a huge difference. But any rate, one owner was there. And in the meeting, I started talking about this X marks the spot situation, and she starts answering me, and I keep asking follow up questions. And my greatest fears were true. Her business partner was taking money into the business, and she had no idea. And I was able to find that just by looking at the numbers. It was, it was, it was something like $65,000 right? And, and, you know, it's kind of a chilling moment when, and I wasn't alone in the room, like there's me and some other people, right? And, and I just, I had to do my job. I just said, Well, you know, I'm I don't know how to say this, but either there's a grave accounting error or or you need to have a very direct and potentially challenging conversation with your business partner. So she did that night, and she messaged me, and I found it the next day that in fact, he had been taking many out of the business. And. He apologized big time and shared that he was, I don't remember all the details, and not that the details necessarily matter, but that's the power, right? That's the power of when you understand financials, and you'll be at a place that you'll be able to identify the X marks, the spot type, moments and spots in your business. Secondly, you'll also be able to have a conversation with your accountant to be able to have you know when you got to talk about vision type questions, right? So for example, your accountant is going to need some direction from you around, like, how often do they report to you and what kind of reports you wanting to see? Right? Most accountants will give you a balance sheet, which is, you know, the State of the Union, which we'll talk more about this in later today. They'll hand you something called a balance sheet, and they'll hand you something called an income statement, and that's it. That's it. And and they could give you more, but because we as entrepreneurs just don't know to ask for more. We don't ask for more. And so, you know, just like in your area of genius, whatever it is that you're doing, you can only bring to the table the caliber of questions that your clients have for you. And the same is true in reverse, right? If, if I were to ask Michael Jordan for some help on how to do a chest pass. That's like the extent to which I can access his expertise, right? And a chest pass is a very basic thing in basketball, right? And so I'm kind of like missing out on the upside of, like, the expertise that this person has that I'm talking to now, on the other hand, if I had the experience and the insight and the awareness to say to Michael Jordan, Michael Jordan, when we're in a triangle defense and there's two minutes left on the clock and it's the sixth game and the championship is on the line, the other team has six fouls and we have three fouls. What's the best inbounding play if we're on the left sideline in the offensive zone? I could ask that question, and Michael Jordan would say, we need a pick and roll play, a bounce pass to the left elbow and a three point attempt by our top shooter, Tony. You know,

Speaker 1  17:20
Steve Kerr right, like same person on the other end. Michael Jordan, right, vastly different amount that he or she can help me, whoever my accountant is, based on my ability to ask questions. Okay, so that's the second really big outcome you're going to get, is you're going to be able to ask and have significantly higher level conversations with your accountant so they can help you. And that makes a big deal, right? If we're talking about tax strategy, you don't necessarily need to know the tax code. In fact, that's what your that's what tax accounting, and that's what your accountants job is, is to know that massive book called the tax code, right? And and for fun, this maybe is a reflection on what, what occurs is fun to me. For fun, I went on to Amazon and I bought a copy of the tax code. I was like, Ooh, what does this look like, right? I've always heard about this big back debt tax code. What is this thing? For real? And so, and this is when I was living in Canada. So the stat, you know, this, like, box arrives from Amazon, and I think it's like, sports equipment or something that's like, you know, or like, some kind of, like, you know, five boxes of protein bars or something like that. And most books on Amazon come in, like, the plastic sleeve that you can, like, just slit open and there's your book, Think and Grow Rich, or whatever. This came in a box, and so I open up the box, excuse me. And inside is a tax code. And it's, it looks it's like the size of the Yellow Pages, not 2019 or 2020 yellow pages, which is now this big because everyone advertises online instead of the Yellow Pages. I mean, like 1995 yellow pages, like, like, you almost need, like, 1995 New York City, Yellow Pages. It's like, it's like a two hander, just to pick this thing up, and I'm opening it up, and there's like, onion thin paper, and it's like, four sized font. It's like, tiny, tiny, tiny font the whole way through. And I'm going through, I'm like, Oh my God, no wonder an accountant needs to spend years and years in school, and they have to do all this professional training to get themselves up to speed. Thank God I've got them my accountant to know the the tax code at that level, where it comes into play is like, you know, I don't need to know that. However, it's still helpful to me be able to have the conversation for moments like, well, I'll give you an example for my own life. Here I am getting ready to move to Austin. This is just a few years ago, and my accountant says, Well, Tim, we are. Are probably going to be facing something called a departure tax when you leave Canada, when you deem of closer ties with the United States. That departure tax could cost you 10s of 1000s of dollars. And so I said, Okay, great, let's talk about it. And we can't we realized that the timing of when I leave Canada will affect what I have to pay the bill, right? And so I'm able to ask that level of question around strategy, because we're talking about accounts payable, we're talking about tax at that level. Even though I don't know what a departure tax is until I hear about it, I know how it works into my workflow and knowing where my money's going to come and go, right? The third thing that you'll walk away from from the next few days is being able to lead your team, right, being able to have a financial conversation with your team. On our team, I use something called Open Book financials, and what that means is my team actually sees like how much money is in the bank accounts, how much my team sees how much we sell each week. They know how much debt that we've got, and all the rest now, just so that no one's freaking out here over the course the next three days. I'm not going to tell you that you have to do open book financials. That's just something I chose to do. If you want to talk about it, it could be a Q and A at another point I point, but this is not a course that's going to make you do open book financials. It's not what I'm saying, nor are you required to share anything with anyone that you don't want to. So no worries there. It does put me in a position where might, where and not open book financials, but knowing the Know your numbers, course and what you're about to learn, you're going to know how to make decisions that are clear, that allow you to communicate clearly and calmly to your team what needs to happen next, right? I'm going to draw you something in just a few minutes here that shows you where the gap is in. There's a whole circle I'm going to teach that shows you exactly what your role is in terms of knowing financials in your own business. The next thing that you're going to get out of the next few days is you're going to get some analysis tools. You're going to be able to take your own financials and you're going to be able to take a look and say, Huh? What's going on here? What is, you know, first of all, are my financials in a place that they're the analysis style of financials, because there's different actually styles of financials. A lot of entrepreneurs don't realize, okay, and so we'll figure out, like, what, what kind of financials Do you have? And once we figure that out, we'll be able to take you'll be able to take a look at your financials and say, Okay, now that I know the kind of financials that I've got in front of me. Where are the opportunities in here? You'll give you a few just they may seem deceptively simple, but do not mistake the potency of them to allow you to take a look at the financials of your business or any other business, the tools alone that you're gonna learn around analysis are gonna give you an opportunity to find 10s of 1000s, possibly even hundreds of 1000s, of dollars of the in the financials that you look at in you know, in your career, there's a couple tools on their own that that on in My career have allowed me to find colossal opportunity. But one of my favorite stories related to this is actually a client and mentor to me. We play both roles using some of the tools he didn't he personally didn't learn them for me, but they are the same tools that I teach in this course. He noticed that there was something strange in a client company, that there's a certain expense line that was really it was just didn't make a lot of sense. And so it was a trucking company that he was working with, and for some reason, their their expenses were just, they're having a tough time. It's like they were selling more, but they weren't keeping more. They're really flat on profit. So, so he starts digging in using some of the, you know, some of the same tools you're going to learn. And he says, Let's do an analysis per truck. Let's see how each truck here is doing and and as they dig into that, they discover, you know, this one truck seems to be like performing not as well as the others in terms of the number of miles it's covering, the revenue it's generating, and whatnot. And so they, they started, you know, this is a perfect X marks the spot type situation. So they X marks the spot, and they they investigate. And you know, then they get even clearer and clearer and clearer. And so now they're focused on this one truck. And they dig into this one truck and and they look at the mileage records. Nothing weird. They look at the Hours of Service, like, how many hours with this truck working? Nothing weird. They were looking at the cargo that it was carrying, nothing weird. And they're just racking their brains and in. And they noticed as they're digging in. They see, oh, the fuel, this one truck is just using way more fuel than expected. So then they dig into maintenance records. Sure enough, this truck is fine for maintenance records. It's getting all the right oil changes and all the rest, right? So they're just racking their brains, and they're say, Oh, gee, what is what the fuel? They said, let's pull up, let's pull up the security footage of this truck coming and going, and let's just see if, is there something that's happening that would cause this? Like, maybe, if the truck is driving by and we can see, like, a big patch of of fluid underneath it, maybe it's like, leaking gas that, like, maybe that's it, right? So they, they've got, they look at the security cameras and and they're astounded with what they see. They are astounded with what they see. They see this driver, you know, he finishes a long day on the road on camera number one, which is the front of the of the yard where the trucks are kept. The truck comes rumbling in, you know, like a truck does, comes into view of camera one and out of the view of camera one, and then they've got a second camera that's going into the back of the yard, that's kind of in the secure area where they house all the trucks and the trailers, and it's their storage yard. And the truck comes back into view in at now, into the backyard camera right? And they see the truck Park, and they're not noticing any spots on the ground or anything like that. They see the truck driver jump out of the cab, which is what you call the top part of the truck, where the driver is, jumps out of the cab, walks around and he he disappears from camera two from the back, and all of a sudden he reappears, walking back into the front yard camera Number one, he promptly gets into his pickup truck, drives his pickup truck, goes past camera one, out of view, into the backyard, into the view of camera two, and parks his pickup truck right Next to the semi truck,

Speaker 1  27:01
jumps into the back the bed of his pickup truck, grabs a garden hose, shoves it into the semi truck in sucks on the end of the garden hose and puts it into his pickup truck and is siphoning gas out of his semi truck into his pickup Truck. This guy was stealing fuel from his own company truck into his personal pickup truck, and they had no idea until that moment that this guy was stealing fuel. Now that would have gone on in definitely, had the leaders of this business not known how to look at their financial and that's a perfect example of how looking at our financials allows us to notice the trouble spots. Where's the X marks? The spot? From there, we get to dig a little deeper and a little deeper until we find the root cause. Now for those of us who don't have physical brick and mortar businesses or physical trucks moving around, the same is still true when it comes to like, accounts payable, accounts receivable. Like, who owes us money? Who do we owe money to write those kinds of things. And you know, even if you know, if you're spending a lot of money, for example, on advertising, if you're noticing that something's happening through your ad expense, you'll pick up on that. You'll be able to drill deeper, deeper, deeper, deeper. So the fifth thing that you'll get out of this course is you'll get a sense of some workflows like Denise supports me every single week in making sure that I'm up to speed on how much money do we have in the bank. What can we touch? What can we not touch? She makes sure that all the bills I need to pay are in one place at the same time, she works directly with our accountant to make sure that all the bills and statements that our bookkeeper needs, she's the one that get, goes in, downloads them all and sends them. How much easier is it to keep on top of numbers when you've got someone else really doing a lot of it for you, right? And I'm going to share with you some of those workflows so that you can not only know your numbers, but stay continuously on top of your numbers as time goes on. A couple other bonuses along the way is you'll find out how to figure out what products are making you a bunch of money so you can double down on them and what products are not making you money might even be losing you money, so that you can either let them go or edit them or pause them or whatnot. You're also going to get a great group of people that you're going to get to know a little bit here, virtually amongst one another. And we're also going to get a great a great opportunity to have a ton of fun over the next three days. So that's what's ahead of us. In the know, your numbers, course, again, if you have any questions, you can put them in the chat box if, for some reason, I miss your question because I'm just really in the zone, make sure that on a break, you let me know, or you get them sent in to us after the course is done, we do have a Facebook group. It's called it's it's for know your numbers graduates, and anyone who's ever graduated from your numbers has been invited to that group. So we'll have an opportunity to stay together afterwards as well. Yeah, and are there any other questions before we go into our first break here, we're in perfect timing here to take our first break of about 10 minutes. Any comments or questions? Oh, and I apologize I didn't give anyone a chance to share what they're expecting or what their questions are. So comments, questions or fears or concerns that you have that we can get on the table right now. Go ahead.

Speaker 2  30:24
Tim, I'd like to share you were asking about what to get out of this program, what biggest hope out of this? So, like you, math was an issue for me earlier on in my life. So my dad was a math teacher. I did great in high school, but I failed statistics in university. It was the first class I failed, and that was pretty upsetting to me. After I graduated, I became an immigration investigator, and I'd worked for a period of time in the entrepreneurial program, and we we were not taught when we were assigned to that project, because these were foreign people coming in that were buying up businesses in Canada. We were not taught, and I was not aware how to assess the financials properly, and even an awareness of understanding how those financials could be manipulated, and hence massive fraud and the influx of organized crime, not only in Canada, but in the US and Australia and abroad, and that is why today we have such a huge problem with casinos, with organized crime laundering money through the casinos. So numbers, there's no question about it. Well, I've been in business for 30 years. Numbers are my weakness. I took a bookkeeping course, but they're still my weakness. I've come a long, long way, but focusing on the financials allows me to be more diligent about the numbers business we were taught. You know, we've always been taught to focus on marketing and sales, but I realize how important and critical knowing the numbers are, doing the math, crunching the numbers, pricing needs to happen before actual marketing and sharing an offer. You know, like you, I acquired like a client business owner after the fact, and she was the CEO of a financial company. She She stepped aside as CEO, hired a new CEO, and then she ended up being taken for $150,000 and still, she lost her business because of that. My fears around this are miscalculating and misjudging the numbers, so I know what you share can resolve that problem,

Speaker 1  32:29
right? Good, awesome. Thank you, Deborah, thank you. Great. What other fears or concerns or hopes and dreams do you have out of this? Course,

Speaker 3  32:41
this is allanto Hi Lato, one of the things right now that I'm looking at is with the current crisis that we're experiencing is an aspect of like cash flow and predictability, and I know from, like, my background and engineering, it's, it's like, numbers don't lie, right? So when it comes to numbers, there's a pattern, there's a there's an analysis that you can do to make sure that, okay, this is really the, the best ROI or or not when it comes to the things that you're doing. And the the past seven years have been focused primarily on, like, the whole aspect of marketing and sales. Like, how everyone really, like, tells every entrepreneur to be like, Oh, you have to be great at marketing and to be great at sales. And I've kind of left that aspect of like numbers and analysis, like that part of my life kind of behind until, like recently, and it's really sparked a new aspect of like curiosity and passion, because like numbers are fascinating to me. Like being able to look at something and like the aspect of predicting it, it's it's amazing. The fears that that I have when it comes to coming into this course, is really the the aspect of like longevity and sustainability, right? So with any business you're you're always wondering, okay with the given situation that we are now, where half of our business was primarily live events. Now that's that's totally gone. So when you had your talk, like the whole aspect of taking a look at, like, your revenue generators and seeing. Where, like, the opportunities are, like, that was, like, a game changer for me, when I when I heard you, like, go over that aspect of, should we go on this stage or this stage, or this stage and like, right? What's the barrier to entry and what's the like, the opportunity cost, I think, was like the two metrics that that you utilize. It's now like pivoting from that point of live events to now going to, like the online space, and again, knowing your numbers behind that. It's it's critical,

Speaker 1  35:38
amazing. Well, thank you. Yeah, Alon to you're gonna soar. You're gonna soar. You know, alonto and I were walking out of the alliance of conscious entrepreneurs event where I spoke and alonto, I shared with alonto that the two most common degrees that allow someone to become the CEO of a Fortune 500 company, or actually a finance degree in engineering, those are the two most common degrees people have when they become the CEO of a Fortune 500 company. So olanto, I'm super excited for you to be here, and I have every confidence you're going to soar. That's awesome. Okay, any other hopes, questions and expectations out of the course for the coming three days.

Unknown Speaker  36:26
I'll say some I'll share. I'll share.

Speaker 1  36:29
Okay, all right, Jason Hall, and then we'll get Peter Lee next. Yeah.

Speaker 4  36:35
All right. So I got divorced last year, and my ex handled all of the financials of the business. I recently started reading the money magic book, and that book, she has these different archetypes or types of how you deal with money. I'm like the ostrich that puts their head in the sand and doesn't want to know about it so that I can stay positive and be the visionary of the company. And that helped me get to the business to about a million in revenue. But then I screwed everything up because I wasn't looking at the numbers, and I decided to do a big conference. It cost a ton of money. So fast forward, I've been slowly taking over all the financial stuff and learning stuff, and I'm seeing all sorts of scary things that I didn't want to look at. It's been a very painful process seeing I've found money stolen from me. I've found so, like, I want to be able to look at the numbers, know how the business is doing. I want this is, like, my whole goal for the years to figure out my numbers. Was my main goal for this year. So I'm really excited about taking ownership of my financial life and and not advocating it to other people and putting my head in the sand. So,

Speaker 1  37:47
okay, you're in the right place. You're in the right place. And I feel like I want to, I want to. Cheers, you Jason, because I got mine right here too. Cheers, yeah, I'm doing my green smoothie. That's great. That's awesome. Okay, good. Peter Lee,

Speaker 5  38:04
yeah, so I think for me, it's, it's understanding more so a consistency to looking at numbers and like what type of rhythm to put in place and what numbers to look at on a weekly or bi weekly basis, and kind of the thought process to to looking at the numbers in terms of, what are we looking for, what like? What are the things that will be, the red flags to see the X marks the spot, and just keeping a rhythm, and what is that weekly rhythm, so that there is that consistency to it, as opposed to once a month or once every quarter, kind of taking a look at things and being overwhelmed with the amount of data that comes through.

Speaker 1  38:46
Sure, yeah, what to look at on? What basis? What's the process? What are we looking for? Definitely, yeah, good. Awesome. Anyone else wanting to share hopes, questions or expectations?

Unknown Speaker  38:58
There's a couple in the chat there, too.

Speaker 1  39:01
Oh, okay, let me just take a quick look. Thanks for drawing my attention there. Dr, Taryn signed up because ex husband managed the business and was embezzling from it. I'm sorry to hear that sucks. Yeah. That really sucks. Yeah. Do you want to speak to it live? Sure. My

Speaker 6  39:18
name is Taryn Matthias. I'm from Austin, Texas, like a lot of you guys are, I have three dental practices. I practice primarily in pediatrics, and I'm expanding into orthodontics. And recently met somebody who is a pediatrician, and I'm thinking to combine my business so it's pediatrician, Pediatric Dentistry and orthodontics, and I'm pretty excited about it, but it's all new. And if I get fearful about my past, and I'm like, I don't know if I'm ready to confront, like, sometimes you feel so stupid. You're like, how could I let this happen? And I don't want that. So now I have potentially two business partners. So it's like things are getting complicated. This third person is coming in, but we can get like we can do, have provide massive value and do great things. So I'm excited about this class, how it'll

Speaker 1  40:09
help me do that amazing. I've been behind the scenes in the financials and in on the boards of a med, spa, a dentistry, a dentist? No, he was an orthodontist. No, he's a dentist. He was a dentist. And then also two medical doctors. And one theme I keep hearing again and again and again is that dentists and orthodontics and I mean all kind of medical professionals get world class training on doing the craft of what it is that they're doing, and they're really in med school or in dentistry school, there's not a lot covered around, like cash flow management. So so the I love that what is currently what feels to you like a weak spot is now going to become a unique strength that you'll have amongst your peers that you'll be able to provide financial, vision and leadership and ability where maybe there isn't within the cohort of people that you're talking about. So how exciting is that? That's really great. Thank you for being here. Okay, any other hopes, fears and expectations

Speaker 7  41:22
we can do maybe one more. Got a few here. I don't know if you guys can see me now or not.

Speaker 1  41:31
Jim, we don't see you, but we do hear you. So we can, we can work with audio only for now, and maybe once you start the next session, you can switch to video or something like

Speaker 7  41:40
that. Yeah, I'm kind of fighting with an internet connection here. I just logged into the router, kicked a bunch of people off, so got the kids at home. Yeah, I'm Jim Sora. I'm from Sylvania, Ohio. You were recommended by Shannon Stewart, my accountant, to learn a little bit more, get a little closer to the numbers, see what's going on. Started a business with a buddy last year and the last year, and plan was to go a lot of tournaments. We did one earlier this year, lacrosse tournaments to sell some merchandise, and they've all been canceled this year. So just gonna try to figure out how to work, work around that. Was our kind of big revenue. So gonna have to shift somehow to online. As far as what to learn. I'm sure we'll figure it out, but I just want to be able to read balance sheets, get closer, dig in the numbers and figure out how to make more profit out of less, out of last so kind of where I'm at,

Speaker 1  42:43
awesome. Thank you, Jim and where are you located?

Unknown Speaker  42:48
Located in Sylvania, Ohio.

Speaker 1  42:50
Sylvania, Ohio. Got it. Okay. Awesome. Thank you very good, good stuff. Unless anyone else is burning to share, going once, going twice. We'll move to our first break. Are we anybody else burning to share Going once, going twice? Okay, it's not uncommon in this course. I've actually had accountants, I've had coo CFOs, I've had controllers, I've had them all come and they've loved the course. So so wherever you are in your journey, it doesn't matter if you're brand new, intimidated, scared, maybe you've got a little bit of experience with Financials, or you're actually a financial professional, there will be something here for absolutely every one of us. So I'm going to propose our first ever break here on my clock. I'm seeing 10:05am Central time. That's Austin time. And I'll propose, let's say, a 15 minute break. Let's come back at 1020 and at 1020 I'll actually start teaching, so I'll be back in the room, kind of getting people warmed up a little bit a minute or two before that. And at 1020 central Chicago, Austin, time, we'll be back and ready to rock. Okay. Thank you. Everybody. See you soon. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai