Speaker 1  00:17
E yellow. Someone's got a red panda. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  00:21
I have Bonita and Miller. We go for a walk. They come to my office. We go for a walk to the coffee chat, and it's too cool to hang out outside. So nice the last one, Dante years ago, stole my last one and took it home and sleeping with it. And so they had to buy me a new one for a Christmas or birthday or something. He lives in my eyes, nice.

Speaker 1  00:48
That's great, okay, for the payroll stuff. So what we're going to end up with is just two category two, ship categories, right, labor expense and payroll taxes and insurance that right?

Matthias Miller  01:03
Is there a third in there? No,

Speaker 1  01:06
that's because you said to rename.

Matthias Miller  01:12
You said only two. Okay, okay, perfect. And the way we did Yep, it's yeah, anyway, makes sense. I'll have Sean do that. I mean, we could, we could categorize more specifically, but it's really unnecessary. I mean, well, then let's not

Speaker 1  01:32
sounds good, yep. Okay. And then all our calculations, stuff, share screen, again,

Matthias Miller  01:45
is there any downside to removing taxable on the lifetime contract value

Unknown Speaker  01:53
on Lifetime rental balance?

Matthias Miller  01:55
Rental balance?

Speaker 1  02:00
Um, I don't, I don't think so. I just standardized them, and the only one I kept was without tax, because, because of what we were talking about but just doesn't think there's any reason to

Unknown Speaker  02:31
that's what I'm planning to do.

Speaker 1  02:37
But then the question is, how do we do rent paid without tax is that, if they paid part of a period, are you just inferring it from the tax amount? Or how? How do you calculate that? Because We don't No no right.

Matthias Miller  03:15
Wait,

Matthias Miller  03:22
do? To do this, okay, if we want to be serious about doing this right, what we would do is we would get the non taxable contract value and remove the subtract the non incurred periods,

Matthias Miller  03:42
and then add tax on top of that, on the non add the current tax rate on top of that, and then for the incurred periods, we would get the taxable balance.

Speaker 1  03:55
You're saying, if we're Oh, and then you're calculating with tax, not without tax. Wait a

Matthias Miller  04:03
minute, can you go to the breakdown? So this is why not just change it from Rent Paid because you have to pay outstanding balances. So minus rent invoiced or something,

Matthias Miller  04:27
right?

Speaker 1  04:35
So, what is their overdue? You add that in,

Matthias Miller  04:38
don't we add that in? Are we? Why not show that the same way as unpaid late fees and other things? It's just path to invoices, rent balance do?

Speaker 1  05:02
Yeah, so we were subtracting the unpaid rent balance.

Matthias Miller  05:07
What? Yeah, exactly like, okay, fundamentally, here's how EPO works. Take a look at all past two balances. You have to catch that up. Take a look at all unincurred invoices going forward, that's what you get the EPO discount on. So here we're doing, what's the contract value, minus what, what was paid, minus the unpaid balance, and times EPO? Why not just say that? I don't know what you call it exactly, but basically, what's the contract value, less what's been invoiced, which gives you the EPO that you apply the 40% discount on, and then You add the unpaid rent balance back in the bottom. So the top section drastically simplifies. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  06:12
it's almost like a what would be the right term. I mean, year to date is the wrong term, because it's not the year, but it's like the rent to date or the we could, I guess we could just call it invoice rent or rent incurred rent,

Speaker 1  06:29
or wait for EPO. But for EPO, I thought it's only overdue stuff that you need to pay, right?

Matthias Miller  06:44
Well, sure, so we need to, yeah, you're right, so even if we have invoice for it, but technically it's not invoice until the invoice date, but we need to remove, exclude future.

Speaker 1  06:59
Yes, right? Right, which there's potential for, I guess. What happens if someone pays ahead a month or two and they have then they want to do an EPO and they're ahead by two months? Do they have to pay off those months fully and then do their EPO?

Matthias Miller  07:28
If you do half a month? Yeah, I think because if you don't make them,

Matthias Miller  07:40
I think if you don't do that, you run the risk of letting people make security deposits, which has other legal ramifications. I think you just about have to say,

Matthias Miller  08:11
is invoice, rent? Does that make sense to you?

Matthias Miller  08:23
It makes sense to the customer.

Speaker 1  08:36
I'm trying to think, I mean, it makes sense if it was literally invoiced rent, but it's, is it necessarily invoiced?

Speaker 1  08:54
Well, it's not all, it's not necessarily all invoiced rent, and

Matthias Miller  08:59
it could be partially paid. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  09:23
what if you would just say, rent through and then the date? I

Speaker 1  09:52
then your macro is like, what rent balance for EPO or something? Or something like it.

Speaker 1  10:07
So then you do your value minus your rent through a certain date,

Matthias Miller  10:16
minus your discount, BPO discount,

Unknown Speaker  10:19
so that that value you you multiply by your discount and then subtract the discount, right?

Matthias Miller  10:26
I think that's how we're showing it. And then when you add, it's not past due rent or it's, it's, you know, rent balance through end date, unpaid rent balance through end date, if you need that.

Speaker 1  11:04
Right. So be value minus your unpaid rent balance equals your EPO balance for EPO

Matthias Miller  11:19
right minus a discount,

Speaker 1  11:21
discount equals EPO amount. Well, yep, then you need to add in, add in your unpaid rent.

Matthias Miller  11:32
Well, the main thing is the unpaid rent balance would go through that date. So

Matthias Miller  11:43
you have the EPO initial subtotal without tax, with tax, and you have the unpaid rent balance through X date of amount. Oh, right, right, right, right. Unpaid feed, balanced fees, balance through end date, yeah, of this amount equals final subtotal with payoff amount. So okay,

Unknown Speaker  12:10
this, this part's not right here, It's contract value,

Unknown Speaker  12:20
future your kids. Future rent.

Speaker 1  12:47
So this is just a different it's calculating that same rental balance, essentially, but we're doing it instead of trying to divvy it up by what we've paid or going by what's remaining, because then we don't get into trouble with tax, Right? One more chance. So what we used to do is we'd say value minus how much rent you've paid. Right? Wait.

Speaker 1  13:33
Well, this, this number is not right. It's Shouldn't it be future rent minus unpaid rent balance.

Matthias Miller  13:42
What is future rent? No, I mean, it's future rent. Future rent equals, this is not contract. Value equals future rent plus unpaid rent balance, or plus paid rent plus unpaid rent balance. I mean, you have, what do they pay?

Speaker 1  14:02
Is your balance for EPO? Isn't your balance for EPO, your it's literally just your future rent, no future rent which has to include, I mean, that includes any rent that may include an invoice row or two, if their future and haven't been started to be paid yet,

Matthias Miller  14:29
right? If you have a you may have a future invoice. If a future invoice is not, does not have any payment applied to it, I don't know. Half a month make make sense. What if somebody's on auto pay, bi weekly auto pay and they pay $2 of a future month? Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  14:56
you refund $2 and let them do an epoch. Or not, then we have to nuke the invoice. Then your payment is whacked,

Matthias Miller  15:12
yeah, I mean, you, you run the risk of them making a, of them making a, that's a security deposit. And we and then we land in security deposit territory. What you could say is that all payments, okay? Is there a world in which when we calculate the EP, okay, obviously they have to pay through the current period fully. That's obvious. So right now, when we calculate EPO for future payments, could we credit them?

Speaker 1  16:00
I need to go grab my casserole out of the oven so it doesn't pressure. But I'll be back in a minute.

Matthias Miller  16:06
I'm smart. Okay, okay, sorry, yeah, no worries. You.

Unknown Speaker  17:53
I'm back.

Unknown Speaker  18:02
Okay. Where were we?

Matthias Miller  18:13
Okay, so I have an idea. Let's see if I actually hate this. Is there a world in which we can simply credit the EPO so you pay half a month ahead to make things simple, we're assuming that's rent. We invoice you for rent. Do

Matthias Miller  18:45
could we concoct the line item effect? Okay, let's, let's start with EPO calculations, and let's jump to accounting for EPO calculations. You still look at anything historical. Do? Huh? And then future payments, you have payments for future rent as a separate line item. Now, the absolutely obnoxious thing is that those are at a certain sales tax rate, so that needs to be considered. So you have an EPO, okay? So you have your base EPO. Base EPO, just sensibly, if everybody's current, and you perfectly land on the boundary, then you see a contract value, or you just look at future months of rent, less the discount, and you're good. Now, what happens with past two balances? Well, you got to get that caught up. What if you paid ahead? Well, if you paid ahead, could we just deduct any of those payments ahead, to say from your EPO? So now then. On what happens on the accounting side? I think what happens in the accounting side is, well, what happens on the contract that that's maybe question. The real question

Speaker 1  20:10
can on the contract, if you're doing that, isn't what you do, is you create your EPO I think this makes sense. You create your EPO invoice. So you're going to do this EPO process. You have $100 to a future period. Yep, you create the EPO invoice for the full EPO amount, and then you go and reallocate that old payment to pay that $100 to the new to the EPO invoice, and delete the rental invoice.

Matthias Miller  20:48
I don't think so. I think I think if you rewrite history, you run into trouble. I think what you do is you

Matthias Miller  21:02
amend the invoice to

Matthias Miller  21:11
Well, I think your EPO,

Matthias Miller  21:23
you have your invoice in the future. It is a future invoice. Your invoice date is past the payment date, so technically it's sitting in a customer deposit.

Unknown Speaker  21:41
Why is it so bad to switch that payment,

Matthias Miller  21:47
reallocate that payment? Yeah, but it's a it's a his payments before the EPO event. You

Unknown Speaker  22:03
okay, well, what were you going to do

Matthias Miller  22:09
as part of the EPO transaction, create a reversal for rent, basically reverse the rent liability by that amount.

Unknown Speaker  22:26
Okay, so your invoice would have a negative dollar amount for rent because they paid forward for rent.

Matthias Miller  22:39
No, you would actually, I'm not sure if I would do that. Here is a sane way to do this. When you EPO, you amend future invoices, you credit.

Matthias Miller  23:01
Well, maybe you are right.

Speaker 1  23:12
I mean, is there a world in which you at least you leave that prior invoice therapy, you just mark it as voided or something and reallocate is that still bad? I mean,

Matthias Miller  23:36
maybe it is, I don't know. I think the fundamental question is, if you prepay, you

Speaker 1  23:43
I may have to just ask Dwayne. What happens if you want to do APO I think you probably do.

Matthias Miller  23:48
I think, I think if you prepay its rent, it has to be rent, otherwise you're putting money and it has to stay as rent. Otherwise you're putting money into a security deposit. I think what you do is you amend the invoice such that you only invoice if you have an invoice for a partial month of rent,

Speaker 1  24:06
just sir, you okay, if you paid $100 of rent, then you change it to have incurred $100 of rent. Correct? Is it? Well, if you paid $104

Matthias Miller  24:21
then you amended the subtotal to

Unknown Speaker  24:24
to whatever. I'll get it to zero out. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  24:29
I think that's the correct answer. But my proposal would be, could you, I mean, could you write this out and skip it off Dwayne and yeah, to sign off on it, he's probably going to want to call for it, but, yeah, I think that's, I think that's what you have to do. So basically, before you get to EPO. So there is a world then in which you say, I mean, so legitimately though it is. I. Unpaid rent, but it's unpaid rent at the current tax rate.

Unknown Speaker  25:12
Well, no, do we care about tax it's just unpaid rent, right?

Matthias Miller  25:24
It is, it is unpaid future rent, yes, okay, whichever you get to that number is fine, which is, yeah,

Speaker 1  25:35
I think I'm tracking so it's, it's any, any rent that's due in the future, which if, well, okay, here we get to the dicey stuff again, with tax stuff. Because if, if your invoice is due a month from now, and you paid half of it, how do we know what that was tax and what wasn't?

Matthias Miller  25:58
Well, you have to figure out what makes it come out to zero the payment do we, which goes back to the waterfall, of saying the waterfall does have to have some kind of way to say that you paid so much of this fee. And this is the subtotal, and here's the tax amount, which actually isn't terrible, if you use my

Speaker 1  26:24
Go ahead. Oh yeah, use your new macro, yeah. So, so then what we would just do is we'd store a paid tax, paid subtotal, pay tax, amount, yeah, then calculate your sure

Matthias Miller  26:47
separate, because it's going to be 7.01% or whatever

Speaker 1  26:53
you're saying, what needs to be separate? I mean, you have to set source right? The total doesn't just sum the two, right, right?

Matthias Miller  27:03
Yeah, which, I think, I think we just came full circle back to this is exactly what the macro was doing. What's the unpaid feature? What's the contract value minus the paid rent? Right? We do need a store itemization. That was the answer to your question,

Unknown Speaker  27:25
hey, value minus rent paid. Yeah, we're literally right back to where we were. But I hope

Matthias Miller  27:33
we understand it better. The third time around, it's like Winnie the Pooh. There's somebody going around this tree. There's two of them. Oh,

Speaker 1  27:45
man, okay, and so what's our answer? As far as, can we get rid of this savings from EPO idea, or not? Why? Or do we just keep it?

Matthias Miller  28:00
Well, I mean, I would argue, okay. I mean, it depends whether, again, are you an accountant or are you the customer? If you're the customer, then you want to look at it as savings from EPO. If you're an accountant, really, what you want is, what's the cash value that they paid for and what's the balance that they owe? But we don't, don't. That's bad sales and marketing. And so, I mean, the short answer is, I think yes, that's how we want to model it to the customer. That's what we want them to see.

Speaker 1  28:34
And so is this right here? I was roughly. I was mirroring the existing logic, but it's subtotal, an early payoff row, divided by cash price times 100 and then You do this that minus the subtotal.

Matthias Miller  29:02
What macro is this? This

Speaker 1  29:04
is that early payoff for the rental savings from EPO, like, once you've recorded an APO, what's your rental savings?

Matthias Miller  29:17
So you take the line item,

Unknown Speaker  29:21
is this guy? Which guy had an EPO, 2533

Matthias Miller  29:33
well, but keep in mind, though, that your EPO on your EPO, okay, because of monthly payments. I don't know how we get cash. Well, at the point of closing out the contract, we're going to have a few pennies on the cash price, or less than $1 on the cash price, if we got to squirrel away somewhere. I. But bear in mind that your EPO. EPO is looking at the total multi months. Keep in mind that cash price on a monthly basis is rounded to two decimals of a percentage of monthly rent.

Matthias Miller  30:34
Okay, where do we show rental savings from EPO? Is this on the on the breakdown?

Speaker 1  30:39
I think it's only being used in your I think it was being shown in the EPO CALS. I don't know why, but I think I thought if there was somehow, I don't know an EPO row, and then again, I don't know how that would ever happen, yeah, because we use it in, well, let me look at the old one. We use it in the lifetime rental balance, which is then used in

Matthias Miller  31:08
in that macro. But if we're not, if we're not showing EPO breakdowns

Unknown Speaker  31:13
after they're done, then it doesn't matter.

Matthias Miller  31:15
And had we said something like at the point of executing an EPO will will cash the memo. Oh, right.

Speaker 1  31:20
We were going to do that. I don't think we have, but I think it makes sense to do

Matthias Miller  31:27
so I think if, I mean, I think in that case, you can completely disregard it. Okay, that would make me happy. That would make me happy. That's a whole so we just need to,

Speaker 1  31:37
need to have another note for myself somewhere, but that we need to cash EPO when we yeah, we where will EPOS happen from

Matthias Miller  31:49
the payment in whiskey portal? I believe that people will be able to EPO themselves,

Unknown Speaker  31:54
or they'll be able to Okay, right? Yeah, we had talked about that. I need to add a product change.

Unknown Speaker  32:13
Because what do we we need to delete. Well, delete. Any unpaid future invoices,

Speaker 1  32:32
possibly amend rent paid and then partial partially paid rent on future invoice, pending confirmation from Dwayne right, incur, EPO, invoice,

Speaker 1  32:58
cash, EPO, breakdown, macro, breakdown memo, yep, okay, and so this is going to need to happen from either of the payment whiskeys. Yes. I think we're going to want some sort of x 30 list or something. Yeah. Okay, sounds good.

Matthias Miller  33:35
And I'm going to assume, for sanity's check it's some kind of thing, like, can you tell me what the EPO amount is, and then say, I want to pay this EPO amount, and if it changes, then blow up, Right? So that we can make sure it's all, yeah, what people are expecting? Yeah, good.

Speaker 1  34:12
Okay, I think so. So you would you're saying you pass in the EPO amount at the beginning. I think we want to cash the breakdown and everything you're saying if it how would it change? Though, you

Matthias Miller  34:29
have two tabs open, and you make up a rental payment in one tab, and you jump back, and you hit CPO, and I see, I guess it should never go up. So maybe it doesn't matter,

Speaker 1  34:49
never go up unless a payment gets refunded in there.

Matthias Miller  34:52
Well, yeah, right, okay. Weird scenario is that somebody writes a bad check and then Quick, quick EPO, they. It for the lower amount, and then they get an NSF and, like, right before they run it, where you NSF the check?

Matthias Miller  35:18
I mean, that's gonna be an issue anyway. I mean, what happens if the NSF a check, you can't close the contract at that point. They have to pay that to get the balance zero or the EPO. But if they wait long enough, you might have to reverse the you know, then it's question, do you want to refund the payment? Or do you want to? Do you want us to just get your pay rent, whatever? I don't know.

Speaker 1  35:49
Good, yeah, I think so. Okay, remember how many of these macros will still want, like, the balance due. But do I have to split it? Well, I guess now I can with what we're talking about, needing to cash the tax amount. I was wondering if we need to have, we used to have, like, contract rent balance due without tax, with tax, etc. But if we're cashing how we think it breaks down, then we can do that,

Unknown Speaker  36:22
right? Sounds

Speaker 1  36:30
good. All right, yeah, go ahead. I was just thinking, let me I want to show you what I how I was doing the tech stuff. Now I put it in a non changes. This is for this sales tax itemization stuff. What I did was, I you set it to the calculated amount first. So I have my RG row. Set it to the calculated

Unknown Speaker  37:13
amount. I'm confused what the difference is here,

Matthias Miller  37:17
X amount optimization.

Speaker 1  37:19
Oh, this is the invoice tax amount. So this is our so on the invoice row, you set the tax amount. We know what that is. On my itemization row, I go set what I think the tax amount will be based on our rate for the invoice and my subtotal. And then what I do is I say, what's my row for rounding difference, which is just what's my biggest row, right? And I throw the difference on there between itemization Well, I get the invoice, tax amount minus the what the tax amounts we've recorded on the itemization rows, and throw the difference on there, right? So, can't I just do something like this?

Matthias Miller  38:05
Yeah, I think so,

Speaker 1  38:13
what did I do for I guess we do have have a temporary string table. So your macro is going to be helpful for this, because it's more complicated than what we're just itemizing.

Unknown Speaker  38:37
Yeah. Anyway, I hope

Matthias Miller  38:43
this complexity doesn't bite us. But anyway, I don't know what to do about it. It's hopefully localized.

Speaker 1  38:50
It's very localized. It happens. I mean, okay, we we set the tax amount on so what happens? There's two times we're caching stuff, we cash the tax amount when we itemize an invoice, and that's what you owe for tax. And then we also which will which is just how we're deciding to arbitrarily break it out for the invoice is what we file on, is just on an invoice level, right? And then this is just because we need to give rough reporting, or hopefully not super rough, but close. And then so we do it when we itemize, and then when we make a payment, then we're saying, This is how we're saying, this is allocated, right? Just for balance purposes, right? I think it's pretty sane. I think so. Okay. Okay, well, I'll work on storing that tax now. So I think it's important to get that in place first, and then I can work on converting the rest of these macros. Yep, okay,

Matthias Miller  40:16
thank you. There's you're gonna hit Yes, bye, boy, if you have a future invoice, yeah, and you amend the invoice amount, download what you think was paid. Isn't there a world in which you could end up with a different tax amount

Unknown Speaker  40:39
than you originally had? Yes, probably.

Matthias Miller  40:44
So when you're calculating that adjustment, you probably have to take a look at

Speaker 1  40:51
if you're amending. So you're saying, If you amend a future invoice that's been paid

Matthias Miller  40:57
partially paid if, when amending the partially paid invoice, let's save you a rent payment for $300 plus tax. Dollars plus tax but and go ahead,

Speaker 1  41:07
but isn't our the whole premise is that you're you're not paying towards an itemization row, you're paying towards the whole invoice. And so if we amend the invoice, you

Matthias Miller  41:23
a you just need to make sure, for your EPO total calculations, that if you amend the invoice down to a, you know, $100 or, you know, $100 less tax because they paid $100 you use that number for the EPO for the unpaid rent value, because that's different.

Speaker 1  41:51
It might be off by a center too. You're saying correct,

Matthias Miller  41:59
unless you can find some other way to squirrel away the differences. And I'm not opposed to finding a way to squirrel away the differences, but I'm just pointing out that it's different. Could be could be different, yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  42:18
I don't know what to do with that. I

Matthias Miller  42:25
not unless we just hard code at the point that we amend the invoice, hard code the subtotal and tax amount

Speaker 1  42:34
basically the same as they were, yeah, based on what we had cashed. I mean, that's not ridiculous.

Matthias Miller  42:42
I'm I'm fine with that. I think it's defense. Think it's moderately defensible, mostly defensible

Speaker 1  42:52
that I

Speaker 1  43:16
where that'll run into trouble, or where, where it's less defensible is if it means that the invoice subtotal times tax rate is no longer the tax amount. Yes, which. That won't happen, though, because those are built on the assumption that that's how it is, like that's how we divvy out the rounding differences when in the payment itemization. So right, yeah, no, wait, wait, wait, no, no, because,

Matthias Miller  43:53
because you're you could lose that tax. You prorate tax amount based on what was how much was paid, or Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  44:13
so we might end up with that off, yes, which is problematic,

Matthias Miller  44:20
potentially, potentially. Yes. I think the real question is, if somebody looks at us, okay, most people are never going to look at us as closely. But let's, let's pick a big guy who's a real CPA, and they say, okay, what are you doing here? Why is this tax off by ascent? Well, it's because it was a partial payment, and that's how we prorated. It.

Matthias Miller  44:52
The only real way to do this. Wait, no, you're saying. Paying, if somebody pays $100 you look at that and you say, what's the subtotal and what's the tax of that $100 so you're saying it doesn't and then, and then we prorate the taxable amount, the tax and the subtotal across the rows, which means that your itemization between dwf and rent, if it's different, could be individually off, but lump sum of what you paid is going to be correct? Is that right?

Unknown Speaker  45:32
I'm not sure, because isn't it possible that, okay, so your invoice is under $50

Speaker 1  45:48
and 7% tax. So it's, well, I guess your invoice is 100 just, let's just say at the $150 you pay $100 of that, it's possible that that $100 cannot come out to a value that makes sense with a subtotal and tax that is correct. That is correct because that we were assuming you're paying towards the whole invoice Correct.

Matthias Miller  46:13
That is correct. Well, in other words, okay, so here's, here's another way to say I could have a good

Speaker 1  46:22
my thought is, if it's, I think if it's off, we should have some a bad debt write off or something, I don't know, add a two cent bad debt write off in The EPO row, or not EPO in the that invoice,

Matthias Miller  46:46
like a treat, like an underpayment, overpayment, yeah, I don't know basically, well, why couldn't you amend this is horrible, So hate me for this. Why couldn't you bill it such that the invoice? Obviously, the invoice should never be less than what was paid, right?

Matthias Miller  47:20
So if you really want to get clever, which sounds nightmarish, but you say, what was paid? What is the smallest amount, where the subtotal and tax is greater than or equal to that, and if there's an overpayment, or if there's there's a balance too. You throw it on the that, then people are going to look at that and be like, Why is there a penny of unpaid rent on the

Matthias Miller  48:00
why do we have to be Are we sure that we can't go ahead?

Unknown Speaker  48:07
I don't know. I'm just not sure how to do it, but part of me wishes we could be a little more loosey goosey.

Matthias Miller  48:17
Well, is there any we just can't? Oh,

Speaker 1  48:34
should we wait until we hear back from Dwayne on how future ones work? Because, well, depending on his answer, we don't actually design this. I

Matthias Miller  48:45
think it's pretty clear from what we did earlier, that unpaid rent. I think it's fairly defensible that unpaid rent is subject to the EPO discount, right? So I think, I think there's a world in which he could say, Look, we're reducing the invoice amount, and we know that this is technically not 7% but it's good enough, and we're going to remit this to the state.

Speaker 1  49:11
Well, don't we? When we're filing to the state, we're just saying we're not even looking at the tax amount, the cash tax amount on the field. We're not, I mean, I haven't been. I was going to just go times your rates and then sure you maybe what you've it might be off by a little bit, but instead, okay, isn't Isn't that what you owe the state?

Matthias Miller  49:49
You also owe the state, if you ever invoiced it for more than then, right?

Speaker 1  49:57
Like, if. It would need to be, it would need to be the max between the subtotal times the rate and the subtotal times amount, and then we're fine, as long as we file that right, yeah. And then, okay, okay, we lose a penny. Fine. Who cares

Matthias Miller  50:20
the I don't care how it's represented on the EPO amount, I am fine, and it's expected that the cash price is not going to perfectly balance when you get to the end. So as long as somehow you have a way of marking that invoice as fully paid, the amended invoice as fully paid, handle to handle the tax discrepancy. I don't think it matters beyond that. So rules of the game on that partial invoice, amend it such that the invoice total is greater than or equal to the subtotal times the plus tax. And in your EPO transaction, apply part of your payment, which should be for a penny or two towards that amended invoice to get it to balance out and sorry, run

Unknown Speaker  51:28
that last little bit

Matthias Miller  51:30
when you create the EPO line items, or when you create the, When you create the the payment for EPO, apply part of the payment to close out that invoice, and if necessary, reduce The EPO line itemization line item by that amount. So

Matthias Miller  52:13
or do we have a bad debt? Write off. We do have a bad debt write off.

Matthias Miller  52:21
So why would we just never mind

Speaker 1  52:25
if, if we amend the invoice, we do our best to make the numbers come out, but if it's off by a center to you, do a write off, don't you? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  52:45
and just noted as a sales tax, tax rounding, rounding discrepancy due to partial payment. Yeah, something or sales tax. It's that sales tax underpayment due to rounding from partial payment,

Unknown Speaker  53:10
sales tax. Sorry, what

Matthias Miller  53:12
sales tax underpayment? Or it's an underpayment due to sales tax. Well, I said sales tax underpayment due to partial payment, or due to partial month rent or something, or part of your part, yeah, partial rent payment, partial payment.

Matthias Miller  53:55
The weird thing about calling it bad debt is that

Matthias Miller  54:06
people don't I don't know that. It's weird to explain why there's a bad debt row because you You did an EPO on a payment with a person months

Unknown Speaker  54:22
rounding, and sales tax.

Unknown Speaker  54:30
Yeah, I mean, you're right. I don't know how else to is there any other way?

Speaker 1  54:37
No, there's just not. You can't force people to always pay something that's going to make sense for sales taxes. It's part of a payment like that. The whole thing we were doing is that the whole reason for this model is that payments don't aren't paying a certain amount of sales tax. It's a payment toward an invoice, right? And.

Matthias Miller  55:00
This is the EPO is breaking down because that's where we're translating a payment into. We're amending the invoice, right? I think my biggest gripe is that it's an artifact

Unknown Speaker  55:17
of EPO,

Matthias Miller  55:22
not bad debt, right? And so we're choosing that to take one cent less for the EPO because of the rounding difference, right? It's just not meaningful to show it as bad debt, because it's not that really. I mean, we're not, I don't know. Yeah. So for that reason, what I would prefer to do is, when you create the rows, you reduce the itemization of the of the EPO invoice, of the EPO line item by that amount.

Matthias Miller  56:21
Well, yeah, by by that amount, and you, and you apply that amount of the invoice to that of the payment to the invoice, but I don't know,

Unknown Speaker  56:37
yeah, I think I have enough to work on for now, but

Matthias Miller  56:43
okay, we could revisit when you get there.

Speaker 1  56:46
Yeah, awesome, and my brain is just about enough EPO to think about for now.

Matthias Miller  56:54
Okay, awesome. Okay, thank you. Sounds good. Thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai