Matthias Miller  02:23
Howdy, sir, Howdy. Howdy, I apologize.

Speaker 1  02:29
It's all right. Did you get all your things squared away yet last week?

Matthias Miller  02:38
Yeah, we did. We got that was slightly nuts. But the John was on a plane with, I don't know it was on a plane back east, and Michelle and like, I don't even know where they're at, eight kids loaded up in a van. So anyway, what happened? His mom passed away, and so he basically got next flight out, and she packed up the van to take the kids. So gotcha, gotcha. They have been, yeah, anyway, incredible people, and they've been very involved over my dad's dad and sister's passing as well. And I don't know, it's just, there you go.

Speaker 1  03:37
Well, it turned out that the the bigger questions did not seem to revolve around accounting. The bigger questions really revolved around, I don't know that there was necessarily bigger questions that, I mean, there was a lot of normal questions. I actually came away feeling kind of disappointed, because I don't know. I probably had unreal expectations, which I've never been known to do, ever. It really here's what it comes down to the individual who made the decision on their leadership team to go to NetSuite and how do you put this? How do you put this nicely? Everybody, everybody's kind of walking on eggshells because it's like he's gonna feel like it was a giant mistake, and he's having a hard time swallowing that down and and, but you know, as humans are, rather than throw up your hands admit of failure, and so let's go the direction that actually makes sense. You're willing to hang on and keep fighting for something that's kind of a dying ship, if you ask me. But whatever they'll be. Client in the future. It's just going to take a little bit of time. And, you know, here's the thing, it may be a week from now that that they call me up and say, All right, let's do this thing of getting us the reporting that we need. Because, I mean, goodness gracious, they have a giant, huge problem. Yeah, but everybody's scared to, like, everybody's scared to make another move now, because in in the words of of Jim, it's like we all have third degree burns from this whole thing, and we're just kind of scared and so but whatever. Well, I mean,

Matthias Miller  05:36
meanwhile, last week, I was with the manufacturer, and they found out that they were losing 200 100 to 200 grand a year on a on one of their mispriced products that was going through at a high volume, not sheds that sage, which is what they're using, has no capacity to sell them whatsoever. So you know, you can either, you can either suck the data out and get the reports you want, or you just keep living with it. Sunk cost fallacy is a real thing. Pain avoidance is a real thing.

Speaker 1  06:14
But, I mean, there were some good things that came out of it, because, I mean, I think I got the most raw, honest feedback regarding my pricing model, which, okay, in all fairness, for company that processes $54 million a year, I don't think they want to pay $500,000 for the software every year. I mean, that's, that's an actual, legitimate feeling. I don't if I was in there, she's, I don't think I'd want to pay half a million dollars for the software every year. Software every year. So I had to, I went back and reworked the whole entire thing, which, okay, fine. I'm happy with that. It this is it was good. There's a lot of good feedback. There's some things I came away with that by the time we go to market, we're going to have to do that I just really don't want to do in order to attract clients of this size. And I don't, I don't. Okay, rant. I'm gonna rant for just a second. Here's my rant. If you think that a phone system popping up the customer's account is so valuable, I just don't understand. But let's like, that's a must have for them, like we need to have the ability to pop the customer's account up and when the phone rings,

Matthias Miller  07:37
all right. Well, that's doable.

Speaker 1  07:41
So anyway, some, there's a few things that we need to figure out before we go to spring. One is phone system. We really need to figure out good text messaging visualization. That's all, what? No, anyway, I just, I don't know why. It just kills me to have to go do this phone system thing. RTO smart stood there in their demo and just raved about the robust phone system. I was like, i Pardon, pardon this, but I don't give a shit about your phone system. I mean, granted, if I had 50 people, I would think it would make a big difference. I just don't believe it does. But maybe it does. Maybe I'm just wrong. I could be wrong.

Matthias Miller  08:26
I don't think it's that. I mean, it's always just scope creep and everything. Like, that's the biggest that's that's the most terrifying thing to me, besides that. Like, I mean, what's the big deal we write. We write an X 30 that you can trigger, or a web hook, or something that you can trigger that sucks the caller ID in and creates a record and pops up a notification. It's not that terrible, yes.

Speaker 1  08:53
But, I mean, how does it, how does it work? Okay, here's, here's where the scope creep comes in. So you've got 20 customer service people. Okay, how do you identify who's getting the phone call?

Matthias Miller  09:07
Oh, presumably you need a web hook that indicates who it got connected to.

Speaker 1  09:10
Yeah, I mean, so yes, I mean, there's, there's scope creep to it, and granted, we'll go figure it out that I yeah, I don't know this. I honestly, I felt like, Okay, here's the honest truth of the matter. I felt like the thing that whole meeting was going really, really, really, really good, until Jim asked me what the price is. And then I feel like I just I derailed because I wasn't ready for it. I don't know why I wasn't ready for it, but I wasn't ready for it partially, I think, I think partially, because I under figured what they generate in revenue per year, and I. I don't know. I feel like sometimes people just have a hard time with percentages. It's like, Why is it okay to charge, why is it okay to charge a guy who, you know, let's say, for example, a guy who has 100 contracts and generates $27,000 a month in in revenue, and we charge him, you know, for the sake of this conversation, 22 $70 versus the guy who generates 2.7 million per month, and we charge you whatever that number is, right? Why is that a problem? What 20 some 1000? Why? Why is it okay to charge little guy 1% but not you 1% so if you generate 500 and if you generate $54, million in revenue, I charge you $540,000 for the software. Why is it? Why is that objectionable? What? But if the little guy doesn't object at the 1% I know it's numbers at scale, but the problem is, it's like, it's still the same damn number.

Matthias Miller  10:59
Well, it's, it's also, you, I mean, it really is a perception issue, though. It's, it's like, I'm big, I want to control my costs.

Speaker 1  11:09
Oh, yeah, but so I'm small. I want to control my cost

Matthias Miller  11:13
too, right? Whatever.

Speaker 1  11:16
I mean, it's, it was a good objection. And I think, I think what it comes down to is I have to go away from my simplistic model. And I really liked my simplistic model because I didn't want to have to think about it. I want to say, what was your top line revenue? Okay, 1% there's the number done. We don't have to, we don't have to fight about, how many users do you have? How many contracts Do you have? How many this, how many that? And it's like, whatever. It just, it just sort of rubbed me the wrong way, which, which totally flipped me off my game. Then I felt like I wasn't,

Matthias Miller  11:44
yeah, yeah. Anyway, you weren't on it. I

Speaker 1  11:47
mean, at least I was sitting in front of friends. And so I guess the upside is that if you're gonna, if you're gonna get flipped off your game, doing it in front of friends, they get, they'll forgive more than if you were just a totally cold cult client,

Matthias Miller  11:57
right? That's fair. That's fair. Well, they also can't do anything but throw price objections. Yeah, because, I mean, there's no price you could have said that. They're like, if you go too cheap, they're like, you're out of your mind.

Speaker 1  12:14
I know. But in their in their words, we have everything that NetSuite has. We just do it would actually work,

Speaker 1  12:26
but it's like, there's, I don't know, there's a mental hang up with people about I got myself into this mess, and the only way I can admit, to get out of it is I have to find some sort of, I don't know, success before I can back out of it. Rather than throwing up your hands and going, I screwed up. Let's go another direction. But I have to recognize I am. I think I'm fairly unique in this. It's like, if I make a bad decision, like, if I make the decision to the tune of $1.3 million on implementation, and you're still not there, turn off the knob, like, throw up your hands and go, we screwed up anyway.

Matthias Miller  13:08
Yeah, I can't tell you, most of the business is where you see where, how much business comes down to psychology.

Unknown Speaker  13:13
Oh, it's so it's such psychology. But this was, this was,

Speaker 1  13:24
this was one of the, one of the individuals I'm really, really close friends, too. As he walked out of the room, he leaned over to the individual who is kind of the stick in the mud on this thing, and says, Do you think we can have reporting like this by the end of the year with NetSuite? Because if we can't, why are we even trying? Oh, my God, I gotta. I got a little testy at one point, which I kind of regret, and that is that, you know, they tried, he tried to make the point that, you know, we're scared to try and port the data out because it's all messed up. I said, your data's not messed up. I said you have a customer, yeah, you have a contract, yeah, you have payments, right? And you know what date those payments were made on, right? Well, guess what? That's all I need. The rest is all calculation. And if your calculations are screwed up inside of NetSuite, that's not my problem. I'll never make it my problem. I'm going to go off and I'm going to calculate the way this stuff's supposed to be done, right? It's like, if I have, if I have your contract and your contract start date, and I have your customer information and I have the payment information, what more do I need? Boom, Oh, yeah. You mean, yeah, you're right. But I mean, it's like, you know, we're just, I mean, we're scared, you know, whatever you have to object. You have to save face. You couldn't, you couldn't walk in here and just go, oh, Dwayne, you have the best thing ever. And so let's sign up today. Like, yeah, okay, I get it. People have to to but, yeah, whatever. Sorry, sorry for ranting.

Matthias Miller  14:56
The only problem with P. Cool, just that they're not logical.

Speaker 1  15:04
Yeah, I think you were the one who said, If we were purely logical, what did you say? We couldn't. Oh, we would be. Weren't you the one who said, If we were purely logical, we'd be in paralysis of analysis, we'd never actually make decisions.

Matthias Miller  15:18
And I think, come to think of it, might be actually part of my challenge with, I have challenges with decision making. I'm I can be so horribly indecisive, and I think part of it is a lot of these decisions I do make super rationally, not always, not always. There's, there's definitely clear up anyway.

Speaker 1  15:42
Good. But there is one good thing that came out of it, one of the one of the guys on the leadership team showed me, essentially their kind of, their customer view screen out of NetSuite. And like, Dude, I want to go duplicate this. And so basically it's a dashboard, a customer dashboard. So you have the con essentially, you have in left pane, they had the contact record in the kind of across the top was the contract record. Across the bottom was, like, all the communication stuff. I'm like, Dude, we gotta, we gotta do this. I'm not sure. I started to build it this morning, and then I got hung up. Because I'm like, Well, what happens if the customer has more than one contract? Ah, crap. I need. We need to design this thing, because you can't actually correct me if I'm wrong. You can't make a selection in one record and actually use it to populate something in the other record. Can you

Matthias Miller  16:34
dashboard? You can with multiple with sub panes, I believe.

Speaker 1  16:37
Yeah. But okay, well, maybe we do in sub pain. I don't know. It would just be, it was pretty cool. It's something I want to duplicate, but it's, it's, it's not a today conversation, but it's one of the things I want to, I need to, I need to write down and like, rather than, rather than making a kind of a primary record, let's just make a dashboard of of this information and just field it off like, kind of the same. It's the same concept as we talked about for contract entry. Everything's just right there, there's the bill, there's the customer, there's the contracts, there's the buildings, there's the communications. Boom,

Unknown Speaker  17:22
yep.

Speaker 1  17:29
So did they push, have they pushed an update recently? Do we? Where are we at about 30? So they did push one on 1030 so that means that a bunch of stuff should be now live regarding contracts and calculation,

Matthias Miller  17:46
1030 was Thursday, so there might have been, there was some stuff after that, I believe, but

Unknown Speaker  17:51
so they haven't pushed one since Thursday. Oh, should we have him push one before we look at anything.

Matthias Miller  18:03
Yeah, right, Ken,

Speaker 1  18:18
because I'm really hoping they fixed The auto pay day of week. Thing

Matthias Miller  18:38
to software.

Matthias Miller  19:21
So just a heads up for you. I think this is kind of in Seth in my email previously, but I have, I am looking to hyper focus all of what I'm doing. So between that and just wanting to keep control budget for you as well, I would love to like, let's, let's as much as we can on these things. I want to, I want to take whatever time you need, but I also want to just drill in and get stuff done that needs to get done. I.

Matthias Miller  20:06
Here's this. Updates under underway, okay,

Speaker 1  20:17
let me ask you a question when paying a when creating a bill as as it stands. Currently, we don't have any way to tie that out to a product. Do we? I?

Matthias Miller  20:40
Me. Well, we don't have a

Speaker 1  20:50
build mock up. Oh, are we going to? Was were we? Oh, that's right, we were going to rework that thing.

Speaker 1  21:07
Oh, do I ask you a question and you'd kicked off an update so we can't look yeah,

Matthias Miller  21:14
we're gonna check to product.

Speaker 1  21:15
Okay, perfect. I wanted to make sure that if we hadn't talked about that, we talked about that, because I it was a question that was asked. So like, for example, all in charges come in you want to be able to tie that out to a product, out to a building, so that you can actually effectively track costs on that building? Okay, where are we headed?

Matthias Miller  21:42
Oh, well, I'm not exactly sure.

Speaker 1  21:55
Okay, I'm looking at, I'm looking at the pm plan row, depreciation calculations. What needs to be answered here?

Matthias Miller  22:15
I think it's okay. One of the questions is, how do you want to calculate depreciation. What we do in Assist is, every month we say, what is the current it's a self correcting algorithm. So how? What is the current value? What's the end date? Where are we at on that spectrum? Calculate the next depreciation amount.

Unknown Speaker  22:41
You is

Matthias Miller  22:44
that? How you want to do that? Okay?

Speaker 1  22:45
Let me ask a different question. First, we had talked about, originally from a configuration, setting, configuration, configuring depreciation methods. Did we do that, or did we not do that.

Matthias Miller  23:02
We're pretty close we, I think we're I think it kind of sort of works.

Speaker 1  23:13
Where's the configuration for it? On the RTO company, on the Are we back up yet? Yes, No, probably not.

Matthias Miller  23:21
We have a type salvage percentage and a term in years.

Unknown Speaker  23:29
Do we need salvage percentage?

Matthias Miller  23:32
Do you do always depreciate out to zero? Yes, then no.

Speaker 1  23:40
Do we always depreciate out to zero? The question, okay, if you're going to straight up rent something, what would be it's, would depreciation work exactly the same way?

Speaker 1  23:59
Probably. So I don't know, at point, you probably do need salvage percentage for it, because it's more like an asset, like, well, like, what Jay's doing with those units, right?

Matthias Miller  24:13
I mean, do you ever want to depreciate it? Depreciate it less than 10% that's the basic question for whatever that number is. So

Speaker 1  24:19
if you want to depreciate to zero, what would you put in here and as percentage

Matthias Miller  24:23
zero, 0% salvage value? Okay, so then.

Speaker 1  24:27
So I think we do want to, probably want to keep it there.

Speaker 1  24:38
Now, let's go back to your, your self correcting algorithm question. And let's, for the sake of this conversation, let's use straight line by term by length of contract. Yep.

Matthias Miller  24:53
So in this case, what you would do is you would take a look at any given point. Let's say the contract length changes. Okay, let's say you start on a three year. Contract appreciate accordingly.

Unknown Speaker  25:01
Doesn't matter if the contract length changes,

Matthias Miller  25:05
I guess that we freeze the depreciation end date.

Speaker 1  25:08
So I asked, I asked Jonathan Stiles this when we were at the Shed show, what happens if a contract changes and you put that contract back out, put that building back out. Let's say, for example, you rented that building the first contract for 36 months, and you put it back out on a 60 you it stays on the 36 month. If you depreciate it by the length of contract. You once, you once, you start a depreciation method, and you cross year, you're stuck with it,

Unknown Speaker  25:38
according to him.

Matthias Miller  25:41
So then the only other main thing is variations for small amounts of rounding error. And I mean, there's, there's a few ways you could do this number one. So what we do in Assist is because we do allow variations of this nature. We always just look at the value versus the end of life and continue straight line using that. But what we could do alternatively is, for each method, you say, what's the start date, what's the end date? What's the total value? And give me back all of the depreciation. And then we populate the depreciation RG with with all the depreciation. Well, that doesn't let you do it. Doesn't give you a good way to change the depreciation method or value or term should push come to shove. Now you could,

Speaker 1  26:44
well, okay, because I do think one of the things that we want to do is be able to say one of the things that Jonathan Stiles brought up is like in the first year of the building's entry. So if, if I bought a building in 2025 and I get to the end of the year, and I want to, I want to play around with some depreciation, being able to rerun the Met, change the method out on a set of buildings, and rerun that depreciation. So are you saying, when you say, populate the entire RG? Are you saying all at one time, you would populate with all the dates out into the future, and then you would only like based on like, what hits accounting is based on the date that's in the RG. Is that what you're saying, right? Would that be confusing to the end user, to see the entire populated amount out through the future?

Matthias Miller  27:42
Well, it could be, but, I mean, isn't that better than having I mean, we can hide that. If that's helpful,

Speaker 1  27:51
isn't it, isn't it? Then it's either do that or you have a process whereby you run depreciation each month and it rewrites all of those, or

Matthias Miller  27:59
rewrites, recalculates going forward if there's any kind of discrepancy, right? Right? And I'm not opposed to either approach. The latter is more flexible

Speaker 1  28:13
the process of running it every single month, right? Okay, so what's, what's the, what's the benefit to going ahead and populating the whole entire thing? But say, Okay, for the sake of the conversation, hiding future rows that are not that are future, like, it's fun understanding it's basically, you'd have a way just to hide rows that are in the future, right? And so then you would never run depreciation. It would just, you would just, you would just automatic. It would just automatically push to accounting based on the month that we're in right what's the upside to that, aside from the fact that you never have to go physically do it,

Matthias Miller  28:59
it's just stupid simple. I mean, I don't know,

Speaker 1  29:05
okay, but from a from a user standpoint, they are probably going to expect to run depreciation. Do you is there any, is there any software out there, sage, QuickBooks, any of those that you don't have To run depreciation. I have no idea. I mean, I

Unknown Speaker  29:44
some human at least on Mondays, at least on Mondays.

Speaker 1  30:04
Yeah. So they're basically, they're they're doing it automatic, yeah. So then why wouldn't we just post it post so let me just make sure I'm understanding what you're saying. So I buy a building today and on Okay, for this, I bought a building on November the first, and I bought it for and I bought it, and I'm putting it out on three year contract. So then you would populate the depreciation. RG, starting November the first, for the first amount, November, December, January, and on out three years. And that would be it correct?

Matthias Miller  30:44
Well, you could, yeah, and then the other way, go ahead. The other way is, is here? This

Matthias Miller  31:00
is 100% for given years calculated the multiplier under UN depreciated asset basis. I mean, I mean the basic other way is just okay. Where are we at in terms of depreciation, term and length. How much have we depreciated at what rate are we supposed to be depreciating now go catch us up to where we're supposed to be at and keep going.

Speaker 1  31:35
I didn't I don't understand. How does that fit into the the automatic version,

Matthias Miller  31:41
you would do that on a monthly basis,

Speaker 1  31:43
so you have a scheduled task that runs, yes. So what is there a benefit to recalculating every single time, versus just straight out populating the depreciation RG into the future? And

Matthias Miller  31:56
then the only benefit is if you have some kind of weird scenario where the valuation or the term life adjusts in any capacity,

Unknown Speaker  32:12
or the method which could happen in the first year

Matthias Miller  32:17
or the first tax year, right? But in that case, but in that case, I mean, even that's not terrible. Because even even if it's even if somebody tries to do it in the second year, which they should never attempt to do, what we would end up doing is try to try to post corrections for closed periods, which would, which they would just apply as of January 1 to get their depreciation right, which, again, they shouldn't be doing, but it's completely feasible and possible. I think it's a simple implementation.

Speaker 1  32:52
I don't know what the upsides or downsides to this conversation is, so I feel a little bit like, I think automatic depreciation correct. The question would be, how does it work if you changed method within the first tax year, and is there a way to recalculate? What's there like, how?

Matthias Miller  33:18
Yes, we can recalculate. I think that the advantage, the advantage of calculating it all up front is you have greater transparency and simpler calculations. But all that really matters is under the hood. So you could basically say,

Speaker 1  33:35
which means that you could okay, if we populate the entire G up front, then you could literally run future depreciation for reporting standpoint, and go, Okay, what's my depreciation? Next month? With my depreciation, next month, next month, next month,

Matthias Miller  33:49
right on current assets, right, right. You could,

Speaker 1  33:53
so you could do, you could do it as of depreciation, both in history and in future, any, any, any time you want.

Matthias Miller  34:01
But, but we, I mean, we wouldn't want to push it to accounting until day of but, yes,

Speaker 1  34:05
sure, you're not gonna. You're not You're gonna, that's gonna push once a month. You're gonna, I guess, for lack of better understanding, is you're gonna search the RG for the correct matching month and

Matthias Miller  34:17
right push to accounting. Correct. That's correct. Yeah, I think that's the way to go. So we need,

Speaker 1  34:29
I do, I do wonder about hiding rows that are in the future just for the sake of, I don't know. I'm just, I just wonder if, if somebody in accountants gonna look at the one? Why is, why are we showing depreciation on into the future? I don't understand, but I don't show accounting. And so what's going on here is, is it going to generate a lot of questions.

Matthias Miller  34:52
But, I mean, why would she just show you? You know, have a button to view all so.

Speaker 1  35:00
The View All button would hide anything that's not current. It'd

Matthias Miller  35:03
be like you would see, yeah, I mean, you would have something like view upcoming, you know, or view, view all.

Speaker 1  35:14
How are you doing it right now? It's writing on a per row, a per month basis.

Matthias Miller  35:20
We imported it. Oh, gotcha, you'll notice it didn't depreciate after September.

Speaker 1  35:24
Yeah. And then you would also have a rerun button if you changed out the method, I guess if you changed out the method, then the button could show up well and and really, once you talk cross tax year, you really ought to lock it. You shouldn't, shouldn't be allowed to change well, no, no, no. Rephrase, once it's once it's set up, most users should not be able to change it. In order to change that, I think you have to have a pretty high level Well,

Matthias Miller  36:02
there's nothing that would actually keep you from doing it like we can. You can lock the period. We won't modify transactions with a lock period. We'll just apply a Delta transaction on January 1. If you do end up if some higher up decides to change it, which is rare. But if you really want to

Speaker 1  36:22
someone with an accounting level, like, change some higher level, should be able to change it, but then, like, for the average user who goes in and enters buildings and Okay, so let me ask you this. So I entered a building today. I'm a little I'm a customer service rep. I entered that building I click save, does it automatically run the depreciation calculations then? Or is it a scheduled task overnight that does that like, when does when does that happen? Well, it's

Matthias Miller  36:51
not gonna hit accounting until at night, but I would probably do it immediately, and I would say you can edit it up until prior to the start date,

Speaker 1  36:59
right? But I mean, we're not going to ask the person to click a depreciation, run, depreciation, okay, so it would, it would write on, like, on save, yeah, Okay. I like that. Okay, this is the updates back up where you said on the RTO Company record, or the accounting company record, RTO configure, RTO rental companies.

Matthias Miller  37:38
We might have hidden it because it's not. I don't see it. It might have been one of those fields that we hit. We started hiding a bunch of fields that were just, I

Unknown Speaker  38:10
hang on. I don't

Matthias Miller  38:19
know what is up with these little funky things here, really going sideways.

Speaker 1  38:34
It's like, you're, it's like, it's like the rendering froze.

Matthias Miller  38:39
Yeah, it's trying to run T, o, t, p, on all of this stuff, which is just stupid to T, P, what's that? It's my last pass. It's the one time off thing from last pass. Okay, how does maybe, maybe we don't

Speaker 1  38:56
have figure out which fields it thinks it should be last pass fields. How does it figure that out? Because I've noticed this, like on some fields inside of of assist like it, it says we think it wants to act like this is a field that should be,

Matthias Miller  39:15
yeah, I don't know. Okay, so it's

Speaker 1  39:17
not necessarily something in the software that makes It trigger that

Matthias Miller  39:26
there's potentially some cases, but,

Matthias Miller  39:38
anyway, okay, so we don't have this set up yet. The way that we were going to handle it was, this is irrelevant. Are these the methods we want to support?

Speaker 1  40:00
Yeah, straight line, 150, DB, 200 dB. But then you need the secondary part to it, which is, are you doing that by length of contract? Are you doing that like, yeah, yeah. Because, I mean, there's, there's, well, okay, the timeframe by which, but, but I think we had, we had talked about doing, like, fixed time frames and so you could say, like 100 right here. Okay, yeah, so I

Matthias Miller  40:31
think, I think this is irrelevant, depreciation schedules. We don't need to handle tax depreciation.

Unknown Speaker  40:39
Do we? Have the, we have the fielding for it,

Matthias Miller  40:45
but we're not. We don't, typically do we actually calculate it, yeah, I mean, based on, based on a separate tax schedule, yeah, and so, and does that work exactly the same way as these guys?

Speaker 1  41:09
I don't know. Um, what? Why do people run a different book versus tax?

Matthias Miller  41:17
Um, I mean managerial accounting versus tax accounting. I don't

Speaker 1  41:20
know. But I mean, from a, from a tax standpoint, you, you, you should be able to run a, basically, it's, it's the ability to run a secondary method for it, is it not right? And but I mean, from a, from a, from a populating the RG, I would think it would be the Same, right? I?

Matthias Miller  42:17
See who says what I

Matthias Miller  42:56
Right? And so, that makes sense.

Matthias Miller  43:13
Okay? In what case do you ever have a default method if you have multiple allowed methods.

Speaker 1  43:32
So are you thinking that in the configuration of the depreciation method you could check one as default, and that would always populate every time you enter a building. Yeah, I think it's a good idea.

Speaker 1  44:08
I Okay. The other the other thing, the other thing that, do you recall the conversation with Jonathan Stiles about buildings over 10,000 and how they should automatically be depreciated on a five year schedule.

Speaker 1  44:29
No, it makes sense. This is, this is going to be future. We're not, we're not going to try to support this by the first round. You should use, you can. You would have to choose them automatically and teach your people to correct, to choose the correct one. I don't think we should try and default. And I guess the same question is, default. Do we want to have a default on this? Because the moment you default something, then it that implies that that's the one you should be using. And that's tricky.

Matthias Miller  44:59
Yeah. Yeah, I'd be happy to

Speaker 1  45:02
forget the fault. Yeah, yeah, I agree. I do think for which one's which one's the normal one book, book depreciation is that the book is

Matthias Miller  45:14
typically straight line, and then the the tax is typically the marks or Mac makers, not bakers. I'm sorry, makers.

Speaker 1  45:26
Which one should we? Should we require that they actually do the book depreciation?

Matthias Miller  45:31
Well, we need, we, for sure, need a book depreciation. Yeah.

Speaker 1  45:35
Okay, so then we should at least validate on the record when entering one that that that you have, that you have something in that depreciation in the book, depreciation method, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  45:55
And Does, does populating the RG completely at the very, very beginning of entering the building. Does that? Does that resolve the question you had regarding rounding errors? Yeah, rounding issues. Okay, we'll

Matthias Miller  46:10
just look at it lump sum and figure out a way to handle rounding.

Unknown Speaker  46:13
And if you change the method, there'll be a rerun button,

Matthias Miller  46:19
or it'll just recalculate.

Unknown Speaker  46:22
Just do it automatically.

Matthias Miller  46:24
Or say hit Save to maybe a hit Save to view the updated depreciation.

Speaker 1  46:32
Yeah, that makes sense. Save and refresh.

Matthias Miller  46:37
Save. Okay. I do?

Unknown Speaker  46:44
We want to talk about depreciation reporting at all

Matthias Miller  46:49
for tax purposes.

Speaker 1  47:00
Okay? My instinct is, here's a little bit tied up in my head, because there's always been depreciation reporting inside of RTO Pro. But if you're directly tied off to accounting, what do you need it for?

Matthias Miller  47:12
I mean, I vote to say at least for December, figure out if you need any reporting, and if you do, go build a report and we'll standardize it. I mean,

Speaker 1  47:23
yeah, the only, the only problem is, unless you're going to have helper macros around evaluating the RG for the correct stuff, that whenever, whenever we get into RG, pulling out information out of the RG, I get lost as a ball and weeds.

Matthias Miller  47:41
I mean, are you wanting to look for, you know, depreciation as of date, book value as of date, tax value as of date.

Speaker 1  47:47
So the report that comes out of RTO Pro, which is probably something I would, I would think we want to do something like is where you have a

Speaker 1  48:04
Okay, okay, back up. Before we even talk about reporting, do we? We probably do. We want to field RBV values, real book values of the building. It would basically a calculation macro in the depreciation section. I This is, yeah, so you think we

Matthias Miller  48:23
should, why not? I mean, what's the harm with it? There

Unknown Speaker  48:27
isn't a harm with it.

Matthias Miller  48:33
Should we be fielding the depreciation, the starting value separately?

Speaker 1  48:38
No, the purchase, not up the top. Okay, that would be your, your starting value. Then you'd have an RBV value, I guess, probably above, above each RG. It feels a little bit redundant now that you're piping this stuff off directly to to accounting, because it's like, I mean, no, go ahead, I would

Matthias Miller  49:03
just put it in the RG row.

Speaker 1  49:07
Oh, an RBV value right beside each each sex, right beside each row, yeah, as a column. Oh, well, see that sounds. That sounds way better.

Unknown Speaker  49:20
Okay, thank you.

Matthias Miller  49:25
So then we need a, all right, this is just completely, i.

Matthias Miller  50:00
Well, except the contract length, depreciation length should be frozen on here,

Speaker 1  50:14
because it can't or based based on, based on, in the case of by by length of contract, whatever the first contract is that hooked up to it would give you the give you the length, and then that would get frozen. The only thing with freezing it is that if you change out the method inside of the first year, like, let's say, for example, you said it's $10,000 building. The person who entered the building says, Okay, we're doing straight line length of contract on a six year contract. And you come back and say, Oh, no, we wanted, we wanted to depreciate this one on straight line five year instead of six year, because it's a $10,000 building. How does that do? You just change the term length. Then

Unknown Speaker  51:09
yeah, or the end date, or, like, what

Matthias Miller  51:12
wait if they do, what if they if they want to overwrite it to it. I mean, why wouldn't you just do it a fixed, fixed length, and change the type?

Unknown Speaker  51:23
Pull the contract, then update the end date,

Matthias Miller  51:27
yeah, okay. I'm not sure what happens if you contract, it have a repo, somebody re repurchases.

Speaker 1  51:36
You're stuck. You're stuck the once you cross tax year that you like, if I, if I die, building right now, and we go across into 2026, whatever I cross on that tax year you're fixed with. You can't change it. Okay?

Matthias Miller  51:56
So if you change, if you change the method to contract lengths. We look for the active, current, active contract and use that length, right,

Speaker 1  52:08
correct. But this is where it gets a little bit tricky in that.

Speaker 1  52:17
How do you how do you prevent someone from going and changing that after when, when you really should not be changing the contract, the depreciation method.

Matthias Miller  52:34
I mean, you can warn if you have if the start date is in a locked period for the accounting company, or if it's in a I um, you could warn if it's a prior year,

Speaker 1  52:47
I wonder if we just straight up warn anytime you you're trying to change a depreciation method that says, This has huge implications for tax, this has huge tax implications. And then if you're changing it, you're you're responsible. You should know what you're changing.

Matthias Miller  53:07
It's possible everything we could do that,

Speaker 1  53:10
why try to determine, why try to lock it and determine all of that, that there's a lot of variables that go into this.

Matthias Miller  53:20
Yeah, tuna show useful life in months or years.

Unknown Speaker  53:29
Useful life,

Matthias Miller  53:33
depreciation, end date, years,

Unknown Speaker  53:41
um, I just thought we'd show the end date.

Matthias Miller  53:50
We can show the end date. You

Unknown Speaker  53:51
want to show more than just the end date.

Matthias Miller  53:55
I don't want to field the end date. I want to feel the useful life so that when somebody changes the start date, we can adjust the end date, but that's fine.

Unknown Speaker  54:09
I don't know what. What's the what's

Matthias Miller  54:12
if you don't want to show useful life, then let's just ignore it.

Speaker 1  54:19
Does this show useful life. Yes, I want to go see what this looks like. Let's see. Let me see it. Maybe it would help if I know what you're talking about.

Matthias Miller  54:32
You have the asset class, useful life, starting useful life, end of useful life.

Speaker 1  54:38
Are those? Are those populated? Or are they input?

Matthias Miller  54:42
It's determined by the asset class. The asset class specifies the useful life and the salvage value. Is

Speaker 1  54:48
there any? There's no, ever a time that you would have non whole years, right?

Matthias Miller  54:55
A useful life that's not a whole year,

Unknown Speaker  54:57
right? There's no, there is no such thing. I.

Matthias Miller  55:01
I don't know if we allow you to do that or not. I suspect we round, yeah, we, I mean, we round in a system all year,

Speaker 1  55:11
okay, got it. I mean, useful life in in you're saying in years or months, right?

Matthias Miller  55:19
It doesn't have to be displayed if you don't want

Speaker 1  55:23
to show it. No, I think it's valuable. Go back, go back to that again and assist. So we're saying asset class, property improvements. Start of useful life, 512, 1014, end of useful life. 430, 2915, years. I like that. Next appreciation date, next appreciation amount, I

Matthias Miller  55:49
don't know that we need to show next appreciation amount, really like

Speaker 1  55:51
that's, that's unvaluable, but the rest of that's pretty I like that. I like the rest of that. Yeah, let's do that. I i

Speaker 1  56:58
And let's represent it in years. I don't, I don't think it makes us make sense. If you can't, if there's never a situation where you do partial years, then let's just say, you know, if it's five years or three years or it's

Matthias Miller  57:15
fair.

Speaker 1  57:16
So what? But? But? What happens if? What happens if? Well, I mean, there are times we've written non standard length contracts,

Speaker 1  57:33
like, for example, what happens if I had a term that was 22 months? Is this automatic depreciates for 24 two years, probably so

Matthias Miller  58:00
makers is defined in whole years.

Unknown Speaker  58:05
Ask if straight line is defined in whole years.

Unknown Speaker  58:33
Ooh, don't know that we Want to do that. I Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  59:17
Oh, got it.

Speaker 1  59:26
So because makers, makers net, you can't do makers by length of contract. It's always based on three year, five year or seven year. Straight line can be length of contract. You can't do you can't do makers by by length of contract. Okay? Part of me wants to say, let's make this like let's make this really easy. Even with straight line, you have to pick a defined length as part of the setup. So it's straight line, length of contract, which is, should be evaluated in whole years. Is that on? I just get a little bit nervous. About this, somebody's going to come and go, Well, I want my, I want my straight line over 22 months. Because my contract was 22 months.

Matthias Miller  1:00:09
I mean, it's not that hard to support it over a multi month period.

Speaker 1  1:00:14
So in the case, if you were, if you, if you wrote a 22 month contract on straight line, length of contract, then we should calculate based on the months, rather than than in whole Well, let's, let's just, let's just support that that you only would be able to do that for straight line, mm,

Matthias Miller  1:00:40
this is even, are you even doing the right kind of configuration here? Because, I mean, realistically, is anybody going to do anything other than straight line for and

Speaker 1  1:01:06
there's some people doing makers book value, yeah, IRS doesn't exactly like when you do it.

Matthias Miller  1:01:17
I mean, IRS doesn't care what you do on your book value, though, right? People are using makers for book value.

Speaker 1  1:01:29
I think some are using for tax as well. Like I said, the IRS frowns upon it. But I mean, if you're small enough, I don't think they care large enough, they're going to push you to do like, if your company is large enough, they want you to do straight line. They want you to do straight line. But it really, like I said this before it really comes down to your CPAs opinion on this, oftentimes that they on which way they want to go do.

Matthias Miller  1:02:06
So this is

Speaker 1  1:02:32
is, is salvage percentage part of the method, or is salvage percentage part of the product record?

Speaker 2  1:02:40
Well,

Matthias Miller  1:02:50
I mean, in assist, we tied it to asset class,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:53
so that would be method.

Matthias Miller  1:02:56
It's what we've been doing. It okay, but, I mean, I think an argument could be made to theoretically allow people to override it in some capacity.

Speaker 1  1:03:09
No, that's fine. I just want to make sure I was clear on that i

Speaker 1  1:03:23
What's the reason they explain to me the asset classes that they're doing, is there, there's is there's not value for that? Here? Is there?

Matthias Miller  1:03:32
Yeah, the predominant reason is that it's just an easy way to say, okay, building the building improvements, IRS code says it's a useful life for 39 years and or whatever like there's certain stipulations.

Speaker 1  1:03:52
Okay, riddle me this, if we have, if we want to do depree, should we have depreciation that standalone from a product as well. So in other words, let's say, for example, you're running as an RTO company, you're running all of your your books in here, and you go buy a whole bunch of office furniture, you would need to be able to run depreciation on it, kind of in the same way that they're doing

Matthias Miller  1:04:21
here. Couldn't you just create a product record?

Speaker 1  1:04:26
Okay, so let's say, for example, I go buy a building for $2.1 million you would put that in as a product record.

Matthias Miller  1:04:41
You could never, I mean, it's a little weird, admittedly. Okay, spring,

Speaker 1  1:04:54
yeah, it's a spring question. It's not a, it's not a, it's not a, end of the year. Question. It is a spring question. We need to, we do need to think through depreciation on non rtoed assets.

Speaker 1  1:05:15
But I mean, in the meantime, yeah, there's probably that would probably the easiest way to do it. You just go put it in as a product, and put your depreciation method on it,

Matthias Miller  1:05:24
non contractible product.

Speaker 1  1:05:30
But then that depreciation like Does, does that depreciation on assist? Does that all run into accumulated depreciation, then all your different asset classes? Yes, okay.

Matthias Miller  1:05:49
But if you wanted, I mean, if for some reason, you needed to have different classes for that, I mean, it's not like every different I don't know why you would want to sub accounts and accumulated depreciation.

Speaker 1  1:06:02
You could, but you records are going to end up in in your predominant they're going to end up in your buildings, purchased on your balance sheet.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:19
Like I said, we need to handle that by spring.

Matthias Miller  1:06:24
Well, the reason it matters now is is if we're going to use this as, I mean, if, if we're going to use a different record for assets, then we need a way to tie out asset records.

Speaker 1  1:06:35
Okay, so what would, what would we have to do to this record, to change it, to make it usable for as an asset? Record is it a type?

Matthias Miller  1:06:50
Well, I think, I think effectively you have a type of

Matthias Miller  1:07:00
rentable structure, rentable other, or non rentable asset, something like that. Would you rename the product record to an asset?

Speaker 1  1:07:12
You could, you could call it an asset. I mean, because it call it a product record. Call it an asset record. That's exactly what it is. It's an asset. You're renting that asset out to a customer. So, I mean, I wouldn't be opposed to re to changing up and calling an asset record. And if you, if you, if you selected a fixed asset or non rentable asset, are you going to define in some way? Well, I guess based off a type, then you could, you could set up where you want that to go in your accounting impact. Is that what you're thinking?

Matthias Miller  1:07:57
Yeah, well, I mean, even in I think, I think it assists.

Speaker 2  1:08:00
I All right, accounting companies,

Matthias Miller  1:08:08
we do have an assignment based on asset class. Pretty sure. No, it's not. It's on the asset itself that defines where it goes.

Matthias Miller  1:08:28
One. We're not super fancy. We just know where you bought it from.

Speaker 1  1:08:37
What I'm wondering is, do we want to set up? I know you have some other configuration stuff like this over in assist, where, based on, I think it's okay, this is based on, I think payment methods, on the sales orders, where you can kind of Route things in that way. I wonder if we want to set up something like that, where, based on the types, like you configure the types of assets as a record or something like that, and then you define off of that. That's what filters into that list. And then you tie that out to the the balance sheet account that you want it to go to. What do you think are we

Matthias Miller  1:09:22
going to have a place at which we create a new bill at some point

Unknown Speaker  1:09:28
for the purchase? We really should, yeah, for the purchase,

Matthias Miller  1:09:36
purchase from the manufacturer.

Speaker 1  1:09:41
Oh, yeah. We need to do that. But I think most of the Yeah, but some of that we were going to do through, but I don't know we had talked about doing some sort of buy buildings type things. Well, I guess we need fielding for some of that too. Yeah, that is something that we need to talk about. I. Slap that on your, on your, your, your list of things that we need to work through.

Matthias Miller  1:10:19
I think, see, I mean, the way we do an assist is based on wherever you purchase whatever asset account you put it into when you purchase it, that's where it gets assigned to, which is a little bit where we were going with the financial account that you would put it into the asset category.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:50
Wait, what? Bill section, product, ID, argument, product,

Unknown Speaker  1:10:56
editable, macro, drug, list of product descriptions. I

Speaker 1  1:11:09
I don't, I'm not. I'm not tracking with what you have highlight under the under Product ID

Matthias Miller  1:11:13
when you buy, when you create a new build to purchase the building, uh huh.

Speaker 1  1:11:19
Then you Oh, this is under the whole bill section thing.

Matthias Miller  1:11:23
Then presumably you select the asset that building goes into, okay? Or you,

Speaker 1  1:11:39
so in, in that regard, if, without changing, then you could just use other as the type when you create the bill for it to buy it, you would define what asset it goes into, or what what account it goes in,

Matthias Miller  1:11:57
what account it goes into, okay, but you do need a way to define these as non rentable assets, because you don't want them showing up for contracts.

Speaker 1  1:12:10
Yeah, well, I mean, so it's so in that regard, it's just, I mean, do you you want to say rentable structure, rentable other non rentable asset,

Matthias Miller  1:12:19
or just non rentable?

Unknown Speaker  1:12:28
Okay, okay.

Speaker 1  1:12:38
Should we? Should we? There's no value.

Speaker 1  1:12:51
Should we have some sort of, well, I guess, okay, if I create a bill off of a product, and I pay that bill, and I sign all of that and that and that does that then show up in The accounting transactions for the product or for The bill.

Matthias Miller  1:13:39
What would make the most sense.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:17
Don't know what makes the most sense?

Matthias Miller  1:14:22
The answer is yes, both sort of you would see the lump sum under the bill, and you would see the individual line items under the product, under the asset.

Speaker 1  1:14:38
Should we have a um, if I was on a product record and I wanted to see all bills that were tied to that product. So I'm thinking more in the case of hauling charges, repair charges, those kinds of things where bills would be created. Should we have something that gives me a list of Bill. Bills that are tied to that product

Matthias Miller  1:15:01
view accounting records under the product

Speaker 1  1:15:04
that would that would show so that would show it there.

Matthias Miller  1:15:17
I mean, it's not everything,

Speaker 1  1:15:22
but we had, we had written some, you had written some stuff that filled in the contact information so it would show up there in the am I thinking correctly that you did that.

Matthias Miller  1:15:40
I mean, there's, maybe they do bills I don't want to. I'm trying to get through depreciation. So I think the I

Matthias Miller  1:16:36
do we need to show this like? Are you like? You don't want to just have a report. It could be 100%

Unknown Speaker  1:16:48
yes, you're 100% correct. There is no reason to show that.

Speaker 1  1:17:20
I kind of feel like you ought to in that report, we should probably put some ask prompts for like, where you could look at depreciation that's coming off in a certain time frame. You'd have some some ask prompts that you could do some fun little reporting with.

Matthias Miller  1:17:40
Do you know what the recording is going to be? Well, it would

Speaker 1  1:17:44
be like, okay, so how much depreciation came off in this year, okay, and so it would, it would filter it down. It, filter it down based on a, on a in range, you would also be able to do well, no, I think that alone would but pretty much so if you started with blank and you put an end date of today, you'd see everything from the time of start until day. Or you could say, you know, January 1 to today. Yeah, I think it's, I think just adding a, adding a, a start and end date to it would be helpful. Yeah. I unless

Speaker 1  1:18:27
you wanted to do kind of like you've done some of this other stuff where it's like, you know, last quarter, last month, you know, year to date.

Matthias Miller  1:18:36
No, I mean, pull I don't know why. Why do you ever want to do that on a purple link basis. It just sounds quite frankly dumb, like it's very rare that you would want to see that on a single building basis. Okay, tell me I'm wrong.

Speaker 1  1:18:58
How about this? I have a solution for you. No, ask prompts, if I, if I feel the need to go make one, and I start using it all the time, then we'll, then we'll update it. How about that? Is that fair enough?

Matthias Miller  1:19:13
Yep, I just don't think, yeah. Anyway, there you go. I think I'm right, but I could be proven wrong.

Speaker 1  1:19:25
Oh, so you did the group by calendar year? Okay, that'd be good. That's probably, that's probably the biggest thing there, if we group by calendar year, because that way, if you're using makers depreciation, you can see the acceleration. Yep, okay, I'm good with that.

Matthias Miller  1:19:44
I guess be calendar slash tax

Unknown Speaker  1:19:46
year. You just told me that my idea was dumb.

Matthias Miller  1:19:48
I did actually, I don't know if it's good. Becoming less diplomatic or not accelerates communication as long as. There's not hurt feelings in the process, then it really slows things down,

Unknown Speaker  1:20:04
long as there's not hurt feelings in the process.

Speaker 1  1:20:12
Does that? Does that wrap up everything on depreciation? Are we missing something yet? I'm reading

Matthias Miller  1:20:43
okay, this is not fully handled Tax.

Matthias Miller  1:21:49
Says makers always

Matthias Miller  1:22:17
just seems weird. I

Matthias Miller  1:22:24
But should you say they use it for tax accounting

Speaker 1  1:22:32
makers? Yes, so Okay, truth is that I don't know. We've never done, we've never had we've never utilized two methods of depreciation. We've only ever used one method in our company. I have heard of a number of people who use two different methods, but you're asking the wrong person on how this what the function is.

Matthias Miller  1:22:57
Well, we can't. I

Speaker 2  1:23:10
hold on one second. Yep. Yep.

Matthias Miller  1:25:00
I don't think we're anywhere close to understanding what we want on the tax side.

Speaker 1  1:25:08
One second, Matthias, I've got a deal here. That's, oh, it's all good. Just having an assist issue. One second, I

Speaker 2  1:25:31
he's go. Okay, Bedford, okay, okay, confirm you. Matthias,

Unknown Speaker  1:25:45
you're doing 11% you

Speaker 1  1:28:15
all right, I think I'm here. I got to get Josh on this. He there, yep, I think it seems to be a problem with this particular building. I

Speaker 1  1:28:55
know you, you said you made the comment that you don't think we're anywhere close to handling tax, right? What's the Because?

Matthias Miller  1:29:06
Because maker requires you to have a single, single convention per category per year, which means that we need some kind of asset class or asset category for tax purposes.

Speaker 1  1:29:26
How about this? We do? We only need to support one method of depreciation by the end of the year, so by spring, we need to figure out the other side of this

Matthias Miller  1:29:38
for the second. So can we? Can we table the tax method. In other words, that's

Speaker 1  1:29:41
what I'm saying. Okay, we can table the tax method until we figure out I need to go do some research and ask some questions about how people are using the two method of depreciation. I.

Speaker 1  1:30:32
Because by I think by spring, we can sort this out, by spring and and have what we need. I actually think, if I'm, if I recall conversations I've had about this, it's, it's based around reporting, like, I don't know. I just need to look into it. So let's, let's kick it down the street. Do we have everything else?

Matthias Miller  1:30:57
Do Do we need? And can we do only straight line? Do we need makers? We do because

Speaker 1  1:31:09
we need makers. I think, I think I have some companies using some I think, think one of my companies is using makers. So, yes, we need to support makers. And

Matthias Miller  1:31:17
the makers effective date is as of the date it was put in service, and we use the accelerated depreciation based off that date.

Matthias Miller  1:31:29
How's this? How's the start, starting date, accounted for makers in that in those companies?

Speaker 1  1:31:40
I'm not understanding the question, and probably because I don't what, what about makers? So, so you're saying the start date for depreciation can't be the start date. Whatever we call the start date, is what you're saying. Well, can

Matthias Miller  1:31:54
it be? Is it Why wouldn't it be? Because typically it's used for tax purposes, in which case it's not. I mean it, it determines what it is based on rules relating to the asset class. But it's not inherently that I don't

Speaker 1  1:32:19
even know how to answer your question. I mean, I know in RTO Pro, we handle makers, and there is no other start date but the start date,

Matthias Miller  1:32:29
so and your depreciation reports will show it effective that month or the following month,

Speaker 1  1:32:34
correct? I guess it would be the following month. Okay? I think you would, if you buy a building mid, mid month, you wouldn't, you wouldn't have depreciation that month, correct? I

Matthias Miller  1:33:11
usually the month the asset is placed in service, but it can vary based on accounting methods.

Matthias Miller  1:33:27
Although you could theoretically change it to be if it's placed in the service late in a month, you could theoretically defer it until the following month.

Speaker 1  1:33:46
I would have to go and look at depreciation reporting for buildings in RTO Pro to see how he's doing it. That would be the only way I would know to answer the question.

Unknown Speaker  1:34:02
I

Matthias Miller  1:34:02
book of four years depreciation in the first year.

Matthias Miller  1:34:58
Like like insight. Wanted to do it monthly, because it stabilizes their income statement on a monthly basis.

Speaker 1  1:35:07
So the mother, it's if I enter, if I bought a building in the middle of October. It started in October.

Matthias Miller  1:35:15
I kind of think it does. Let's, let's check

Matthias Miller  1:35:27
in service, 1013, pallet racking, start of useful life. No, we purchase it, we put it start of useful life in the following month. That's what I would if it's if it's put into service on the first we do it then, otherwise we do it the first of the next month. Okay,

Speaker 1  1:35:58
is there? Is there's, there's not a is there? Is there a standard for this, or is it, is it, is that, in other words, is there, is there a decision to make here, or is there a standardized way to do this? I don't think there's a

Matthias Miller  1:36:11
standardized way to do it. I think the question is, how broadly do we want to support it? So for example, do you want to customize where, if it's you know, you know, based on the literal month, based on which time of the which part of the month you put it into services, is it you know, first half, second half? Do

Speaker 1  1:36:45
we don't have such options in RTO Pro, and I think I

Matthias Miller  1:36:56
does it literally depreciate based on the, you know, the 14th of the next month, just whatever date that happens to fall on?

Speaker 1  1:37:02
No, I think it's usually, I think it's usually the first of the month. But again, in order to fully answer this question, I would have to go look at depreciation reporting inside of RTO Pro and see what they were doing. Okay, well, let's do this. I think there's, I think it is to do for me to go look this up. I

Matthias Miller  1:37:34
Okay, good, well, I a question on authentication, or do you have anything more on depreciation?

Unknown Speaker  1:37:49
If you're good, I'm good, I'm good for now

Matthias Miller  1:37:52
on on authentication, do you want people to set their own username and password? Or do you just you want to use one time codes all the time to log them in.

Speaker 1  1:38:13
So most of the time when you, whenever you do authentication codes, they usually have a remember me function, and it'll be a certain period of time before it'll authenticate again. Yeah, the bigger question I have around this is, how are you, how is the customer match up? Okay, customer goes to set up their online account. How do they do that? Like, how do we matching matching up on what

Matthias Miller  1:38:41
phone or email depending on what authentication method they

Speaker 1  1:38:55
Use. Okay, seriously, dealer 1.2 miles away her house is

Speaker 1  1:39:08
last time I checked, Georgia is not 1.2 miles away from Virginia. Oh, okay, so you're updating the address. Well, that's silly, man. Come on.

Speaker 1  1:39:33
They had the wrong address. Okay, sorry, you were saying you would match up on phone and email, phone or

Matthias Miller  1:39:47
email, and if you want to. I mean, presumably, if you want to add your email or link your email or something, you know, I don't know how you handle that. I. What happens if they've got multiple profiles under the same phone number, multiple contact records? What happens if they have multiple email addresses, or their email address under multiple contact records? Do

Matthias Miller  1:40:23
it. What happens if it's just under their email, but they want to link their phone number to it, or vice versa? If they have their phone number linked, they want to link their email. I mean, presumably, if they want to add their email to it, then we send a code to their email and say, please click the link to verify, to add your email to this account, to prove that you've got access to it.

Speaker 1  1:40:46
Yeah, okay, but Okay, so back to the authentication let's, let's deal with this one at a time, because we were wandering off the authentic way. Authentication question. I think the question really comes around to, like, some sort of two factor authentication, is what you're after, correct,

Matthias Miller  1:41:05
right Senate code by, You know, it's basically proposal, is something like this.

Matthias Miller  1:41:22
Yeah, like, is that literally all you want to do for login? Always send a login code. Well,

Speaker 1  1:41:29
I don't want to always send it like, like I said, I think some sort of remember me that gives, you know, some timeframe, like a 30 day timeframe, or, you know, maybe even longer.

Matthias Miller  1:41:42
What's the huh? He'd be logged in for 30 days.

Speaker 1  1:41:47
Yeah, okay, what's, what's the alternative to all of this, aside from like, I don't want to do some sort of like, I don't want to require a customer to have a Gmail account to do this, obviously. Well,

Matthias Miller  1:41:59
I mean, there's, I don't know what pricing is on this thing. Maybe this is way more than what you want to do. I mean, there's a alternative. I

Matthias Miller  1:42:40
But basically, you get a service that lets, lets you connect with Apple ID, you know, Apple logging, Google, Facebook.

Speaker 1  1:42:51
That's how these, these, these sites do it, where you can use, you can use Google, you can use, like, all these different methods,

Matthias Miller  1:42:58
well, or they could, yes, or they coded themselves, but yeah,

Speaker 1  1:43:08
how? How secure do we need to consider this to be?

Matthias Miller  1:43:15
Well, so what can be? People can change address, contact information. They can make payments. The

Speaker 1  1:43:21
biggest, the biggest piece in this whole entire thing that would be considered sensitive information would be, if we're going to give them access to view their contract, the potential exists, the driver's license numbers are in there. Well, we could

Matthias Miller  1:43:40
always require two factor for reviewing contracts.

Unknown Speaker  1:43:48
What does that? What you mean? Like, you'd have, like,

Matthias Miller  1:43:52
yeah, you hit the download link and it says, Hey, sorry to view this, we need to confirm your identity. Where are you?

Unknown Speaker  1:43:59
And how would they confirm their

Matthias Miller  1:44:01
identity, SMS code or email code.

Matthias Miller  1:44:08
Is that sufficient? What else are you going to do? I don't

Speaker 1  1:44:13
know. I don't I don't know what this is a world that I like. I feel like I use it every like you use this across so many different platforms all the time. I just don't know what technology that's the underlying technologies that are there. Well,

Matthias Miller  1:44:27
I mean, there's options. Like, we can have them set up usernames and passwords. Yeah. I

Unknown Speaker  1:44:30
mean, they do need to set up usernames and passwords.

Matthias Miller  1:44:33
Okay, well, then it's just Username and Password Plus two factor authentication, yeah, and keep me logged in for x amount of day like do you do you want them to be able to stay logged in for 30 days at a time? I.

Speaker 1  1:45:18
Um, so what is Let me ask a separate question. Like, when you go to like, okay, for for lack of a better, like, when I set up with stripe, they allow you to choose authenticator app stuff out there, I'm assuming that's some sort of paid stuff that you'd have to as paid subscription type thing that you'd have to have in order for a customer to choose an authenticator device, authentication device to be in conjunction with the account. Is that correct? I

Matthias Miller  1:45:50
mean, we could allow that, I don't know that it's paid. We wouldn't have to be paid.

Unknown Speaker  1:45:55
How do those authentication things work?

Matthias Miller  1:45:59
It's a secret key that's time based basically,

Speaker 1  1:46:14
no, I think, I think the simplest form is okay. So if I go to, if I go to set up my account, does, in order to text me, the code does my phone number I give you have to match a mobile number on the account,

Matthias Miller  1:46:35
presumably, yes, or we need some kind of way that you can enter enough contract details that were that were confident that it is, you like, What was the date that it was signed, or what was the total contract value, or, you know, what's the last four of your driver's license, or something

Speaker 1  1:46:56
so, but why? No, why wouldn't we just say, you know, if we can't find you, then you need to contact our office and we look you up and say, Oh, well, I don't see us. I need a valid cell phone number in order to authenticate your account. What mobile number would you like me to use?

Matthias Miller  1:47:17
Right? Is

Speaker 1  1:47:18
that fair? That's fair. Yeah, let's do username, password and SMS, two factor authentication. And do we want to make them log in every single time? Let's do that. Okay, if I say we, we don't want to keep them logged in for 30 days. And we get a huge amount of complaints from clients that says we really would like to be able would like to be able to stay logged in. How much? How hard is to go back and add that in the chat? Terrible. Okay, well, then let's just, let's just, let's make them, let's make them SMS, text, a code every single time to enter.

Matthias Miller  1:47:55
And are you fine? Requiring? I mean, are you fine using, I guess here's the question too. I mean, we're going to be using the the silver loom. That's the mass integration, right for that.

Speaker 1  1:48:11
That is the plan currently, yes. I mean, aside from talking about how inbound outbound stuff works. I mean, the plan was to use the to use that at this point.

Unknown Speaker  1:48:36
How does, how does lost password work?

Matthias Miller  1:48:40
Sends an email with a link. Can we make the username be the email? Well, do

Matthias Miller  1:48:58
you let people set their own i

Unknown Speaker  1:49:07
You were about to say, can we let the username be something? What were you going

Matthias Miller  1:49:13
to say? Okay, sorry, we what is the username? Is it their email address? Is it something they set up? I

Speaker 1  1:49:27
think it's something they set up. Well, I mean, if we make if we force them to use the their email address, then we can use the email address on the account. If they don't have an email address, then obviously you need an email address in order to set this up. You need to contact the office to set to set it up. And it really should be part, it should be part of welcome calls and so forth to say, Hi, Mr. Customer. We're setting up your account. I see that you do not have a valid email address. We'd like to be able to let you get you set up online. So we'll need that. So yeah. Yeah, using it could be the email address.

Matthias Miller  1:50:01
So what happens when someone logs in, and what happens when you've got two contact records to the same email address? Do they do we ask you which one you want to get into? Merge them? Do we disallow duplicates?

Unknown Speaker  1:50:46
Oh, so many questions, I don't know. I mean, if we disallow duplicates,

Speaker 1  1:51:01
well, I guess theoretically, the whole entire email system disallows duplicates, right? So the chance that someone would accidentally put misspell their email address and it be someone's already in the system, and we say, Nope, sorry, that's already a well,

Matthias Miller  1:51:19
we'll say we sent you an email to finish setting setting up your account. They would just never get the email. The

Matthias Miller  1:51:30
other option is, we could always ask them for a contract number and they set up the account. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:51:37
but they don't. They're not going to know the contract number until after it's in the system. Yeah, why don't we just allow duplicates

Matthias Miller  1:51:51
of emails? I'm scared.

Unknown Speaker  1:51:56
Okay. What other options?

Matthias Miller  1:52:00
When you log in, we say, hey, there are which of these is you. You get four accounts, which ones you want to jump

Speaker 1  1:52:14
into. Why would we have duplicate like that seems dangerous to have duplicate contact records. To have contact records with duplicate email addresses on tied out to different contracts like that sounds like a recipe for scariness.

Matthias Miller  1:52:33
Okay, what if we warned?

Speaker 1  1:53:04
The other the other option is that you can't set up yourself online. You have to receive an invite link. Don't like that, though that's obnoxious.

Speaker 1  1:53:30
How about this. Can we make, can we make a to do for Leanne and I to sit down and talk about some of this? Um, wow,

Speaker 1  1:53:55
oh, that's not actually. That's not bad. If you're saying, if we warn when, when you're inputting emails, we warn against duplicate emails for active contracts. Okay, what about if? What about if the contact record doesn't have an active contract tied to it? Why wouldn't we just warn for duplicate emails across all contact records.

Matthias Miller  1:54:26
I meant contacts. I mean if you want,

Speaker 1  1:54:30
did you say active contacts or active contracts? I meant to say contacts, but okay, that would make more sense. I

Speaker 1  1:54:43
Okay, this is not bad. Um.

Matthias Miller  1:55:18
Do you require two factors then?

Speaker 1  1:55:21
Yeah, I think we should the SMS two factor, I think, is, is good,

Matthias Miller  1:55:26
and if there's no phone number on their account, then they have to call in to set it up.

Speaker 1  1:55:37
I think for the first time, like if, if you, if you go to set up an account and there's no there's no phone number there, why don't we let them put one there? Only if there's no phone, if there's no phone number or, I guess, but that. But then the question is, what if they gave us a home phone number and it's not a cell phone?

Matthias Miller  1:56:05
What if they put in those right?

Unknown Speaker  1:56:16
Well,

Speaker 1  1:56:43
well, unless, unless we did this. How about this? If so. Okay, follow me through for a second. If, if there's a should we have some sort of failed login email thing that goes out to someone in the in our office that says, hey, this customer tried to log in a whole bunch of times, or there wasn't a phone number, there wasn't this or not. I don't some way that we can assist a customer now, I think, honestly, it's like, yeah, I need to talk to I need to, I need to. I need to sit down and talk through some of this with Leanne and see how I think I think between Leanne and chat GPT, I think I need to sit down and talk through how we want to think about this.

Matthias Miller  1:57:46
This is in your court.

Speaker 1  1:57:51
What Danish did you turn them on and off? What is this?

Speaker 1  1:58:01
Okay? I did have conversations about this. We are, pretty much, this is pretty much straight up abandoning, we're abandoning the whole idea of restricted data.

Speaker 1  1:58:21
I think at this point we are aside from, okay, when I say just, just to let me make sure I clarify this, and I'm not, I'm not saying something that I'm just totally stupid. Let me give you an example I have that does like the way that we do restricted users right now for like the dealer portal, that doesn't negate any of this, right? Any of that,

Matthias Miller  1:58:45
no, and you could still have it very locked down if you don't let people get into detail screens, if they can't View Detail screens and you only give them stuff through reports, you can get the same effective restrictions.

Speaker 1  1:59:01
Okay, here's, here's what I'm getting at I haven't but see, this just gets so sticky, because I may have a client that wants to be able to log in to the accounting, and how do we keep him out of wants to do it. So for cricket Valley, I know that if we take accounting in house, he's going to want to have his son be able to come in and look at accounting and make sure that things are working the way they're supposed to, and

Matthias Miller  1:59:38
then reports.

Speaker 1  1:59:41
Yeah, probably. But what about but then? But, okay, okay, let's, let's follow a scenario here. He wants to be able to log in see that the the income statement, the balance sheet, I expect he would want to go into the ledger accounts and make sure things look correct there. At what point, at what. Point, do we hit problems? Is it the detail screens of the transaction? Is it where do we hit?

Matthias Miller  2:00:07
Detail screens are the biggest thing.

Unknown Speaker  2:00:36
Okay, I'm

Matthias Miller  2:00:37
we can give him a report to look up. I mean, it doesn't all have to work smashingly, like it doesn't have to be super elegant. You can say, if you want to pull up a transaction, transaction information, you have to copy and paste the transaction ID over into this search report to go find it, and you can never actually view the real detail screen

Speaker 1  2:01:01
we are going to cross this bridge at a later time frame. The hard, okay, I'm assuming this restricted data had to do with the idea of putting multiple disconnected companies inside of the same database. Am I correct? Right? We are abandoning that. Josh does not want to do it all right, the building out stuff for accountants or some of these other like owners to be able to view information, we'll have to figure some of that out, and we'll figure that out in the future, all right,

Matthias Miller  2:01:49
fair enough.

Speaker 1  2:01:58
I mean, there'll probably end up being some things where it's like, um, you guys need to behave yourself. You're going to be able to come in here and see all of our companies in here, and if you go looking around for stuff that you shouldn't be, then we'll have to kick you out, right? And if you break that trust, then you lose access. Boy, that's dangerous. But whatever

Matthias Miller  2:02:22
I almost invites them to look around,

Unknown Speaker  2:02:25
I know, but at this point, it just is going to be. It is going to be what it is.

Speaker 1  2:02:37
We can give you again. I know that I don't to be able to view past due stuff, to be able to view buildings, to be to be able to view a lot of this stuff, we can restrict it off, even down to the details screen, like we do, like in the dealer portal. We just will never, we just don't ever breathe out loud that you can go up there and change the ID and end up in some other record. Just behave yourself right for right now.

Matthias Miller  2:03:09
Well, and it's going to be really hard to find off of accounting transactions. It is going to be really hard to, you know, as long as, as long as we don't get it is going to be really hard to spin that number and get meaningful information, like you're just going to pull up. I mean, maybe you'll find out somebody making a withdrawal or something, like, I don't know, distribution or something I

Speaker 1  2:03:30
don't know. Well, I guess the where it gets a little bit interesting is, if we gave you a way to view an income statement, can you change the company in the address bar? Theoretically, yes. But I guess if we, if we gave you a hard coded one, then No, you wouldn't be able to. Would you? In other words, if we, if we coded the company in the right yeah,

Matthias Miller  2:04:00
but we don't want a custom code and income statement. But what we might do is allow you to, you know, embed it in a PDF form that you can download. The PDF, which you can only ever download, which you what you're getting.

Speaker 1  2:04:15
Like I said, we're going to cross that bridge later, as of as of today, and maybe even as of spring, it's going like we'll have to figure out some ways around this, okay, but as far as the restricted data thing we are we are abandoning it. Are

Matthias Miller  2:04:35
you wanting to use these three methods of payoffs? Yes?

Speaker 1  2:04:46
Have to. We have contracts in New York. And New York requires the, I think the last one there cash price times remaining number of payments divided by total payments thing, I think, I think that's a New York one.

Matthias Miller  2:05:41
Uh, we this by end of year, right?

Speaker 1  2:05:45
Yes, the the methods, yeah, yeah, because we have New York contracts, I think New York's the only state currently that we have that that's using an alternate payoff method.

Speaker 1  2:06:18
What did we figure out? It's like, it's like a couple cents, or dollars, a couple

Matthias Miller  2:06:22
dollars, up to 10 cents, maybe, or something, yeah, up to 10 cents

Unknown Speaker  2:06:25
different. Okay, so what

Speaker 1  2:06:32
part of me? Part of me wants to say that we don't even try to bother to support this by the end of December and run the risk of supporting it by spring?

Matthias Miller  2:06:42
Well, I mean, I think that's, I

Matthias Miller  2:06:49
mean, we don't have to support all three though. Like, what is this method that we have currently?

Speaker 1  2:06:57
I think that the current, I think the current method is contract balance minus rent paid. There's something in there with with past due rent, but, but, but it's the very simplistic one where it's remaining balance times cash price percentage.

Matthias Miller  2:07:27
Wait, that's this one which one,

Matthias Miller  2:07:36
unpaid times is the balance. It's this one,

Speaker 1  2:07:41
balance times discount. Well, it's, it's okay, yes, it's not technically times discount. It's times cash price percentage. So it'd be, it'd be so in a 6040 split, 60% 40% the discount is 40% but you take your balance times 60%

Matthias Miller  2:08:02
but it is, I mean, this is not, it's the first one. It should say this,

Speaker 1  2:08:12
no, yes, according to, according to our data model, yes, it is cash price percentage,

Matthias Miller  2:08:19
and this one should be rent, paid times, rent, builders. What do we call that?

Unknown Speaker  2:08:30
What do we call it? Go to go to contract, definition,

Matthias Miller  2:08:42
rental. Little few percent, yeah,

Speaker 1  2:08:47
I am fine kicking like staying with the one primary method, but we need to make a giant red note somewhere that says we need to do this by spring.

Matthias Miller  2:08:58
Okay, you're saying we can get away with

Unknown Speaker  2:09:00
for December, Yes, okay, unless we're painting ourselves in a corner. No.

Speaker 1  2:09:24
Do we currently field payoff method on the contract definition?

Matthias Miller  2:09:30
Yeah, so we can just, we would have to add it. Yeah, we'll just stomp everything. All the old stuff in is what it needs to be, yeah. Um, Justin has not responded to this.

Matthias Miller  2:09:53
I'll ping Alice and find out what's up.

Matthias Miller  2:10:01
Ah, actually, let's do this.

Unknown Speaker  2:10:11
Actually, I'm going to try this. I'm

Unknown Speaker  2:10:32
home,

Unknown Speaker  2:10:39
see Justin I had

Matthias Miller  2:11:03
Conrad Reese,

Matthias Miller  2:11:47
all right, well, we'll get back to that. I'll chase it. Um,

Matthias Miller  2:11:54
I don't know. How about we call it a day?

Speaker 1  2:11:58
Um, that's fine with me. Let's set the next time. And I really would like to get into some SMS stuff.

Matthias Miller  2:12:16
Wednesday. I can do about 1030 Eastern or I can do the afternoon sometime. It's all the same. I would choose end of day.

Unknown Speaker  2:12:25
That's fine with me. Either one is fine.

Matthias Miller  2:12:30
How much 90 minutes?

Unknown Speaker  2:12:36
Yeah, I mean at minimum.

Unknown Speaker  2:12:46
What's maximum? We don't get much productive done after two hours.

Matthias Miller  2:12:53
No, I agree.

Unknown Speaker  2:12:55
So two hours maximum.

Speaker 1  2:13:04
I mean, I would be more in favor of doing 290s than than doing longer than two hours. What if we did? I but

Matthias Miller  2:13:37
how much of a break do you want? Like, could we do a 1030 to 12 and then a 30 minute break and a 1230 to two? Yeah, that's fine.

Speaker 1  2:14:00
I mean, my gut reaction would be one to 230 but you might have something else that's bumping up against that.

Unknown Speaker  2:14:16
Half hour breaks is hard enough to clean my brain out and all

Matthias Miller  2:14:20
right, what About 333? To five follow that.

Matthias Miller  2:14:41
We'll talk one day. All right, sir, cool. Thank you, sir, very good. Yep. Later.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai