Matthias Miller  00:02
This, Kevin, Hey, Kevin. This is Matthias calling back, how you doing good? How are you I'm doing good. All right, yeah, I wanted to circle back on our conversation on Friday, and we were taking a look at options for running Google ads, if I remember right, is that right? Yes. Okay, so we are doing a bit of a of a special right now. And I talked about, I have I'm so sorry. I completely lost my notes. I have, this is like, chronic salesperson confession. I have no idea what I did with them. Do you remember what, what pricing we've been talking about?

Speaker 1  00:57
Yeah, I mean, I basically, like, I have the lot in southern Ohio, which includes, like, parts of West Virginia and Kentucky. It's like a tri state area on the Ohio River. And just was interested in getting a social media, someone who really knows the ins and outs of social media, to increase sales. That's my only goal is to

Matthias Miller  01:21
increase correct. So the place I would start with that that typically, the place to start with that is doing Google ads, because that's the highest intent. Those are people who are actually looking to buy proactively. And you'll get, you'll get fewer leads generally, but there'll be higher quality and waste less time with tire kickers. So that's kind of where we'd start. Do you do you have? How comfortable are you guys closing closing online sales? Are you guys closing everything?

Speaker 1  02:01
Yeah. I mean, I actually prefer that, because I'm actually located in Florida, and I bounce back and forth in Alabama and Florida. So any sales I do is 100% you know, remote and, yeah, you know, I got really good at, I mean, I was good at it before it became a hip, you know, well, before COVID made it a necessity, I guess I was already so we failed right through COVID unscathed, just because we were already used to closing deals online or, I mean, over the phone. Yeah. Okay.

Matthias Miller  02:32
So currently, our typical pricing is $1,500 set up and $1,500 a month. Typically what we do, what we've started doing is just because different people are at different places we've been, we've been covering part of the management fee and sometimes part of the setup fee, to make sure that the economics work out of the gate. And then the plan is, look, we want to make you be successful. We're targeting. I mean, what we've seen across the industry, I don't know if this works for you, targeting something like a 3% total, 3% of revenue being being devoted to marketing and and the goal being that to grow profitably with you guys and moving up towards full pricing, where that works, okay? And I think that the question basically is, how it comes down to budgeting, how much well, so some of that stuff ends up being pretty you got to run the there's variations in what cost per lead is from location to location,

Speaker 1  03:45
right, right? Yeah. I mean, I have experience with all that. I mean, the hardest thing for us is going to be investing money right now, in the dead of the winter, where, you know, in Ohio, it's eight degrees and, you know, we've had snow on the ground pretty much since around Christmas time. You know, this is just really slow revenue months for the Midwest so and so. I was just having a discussion with my team this morning about, you know, we gotta, unfortunately, bite the bullet, invest some money to get ready for spring, which is six weeks away. Well, not six I mean, but March 1 is six weeks away, so we want to be ready, you know, rock and roll when spring does hit, which is, I guess, about nine weeks away or whatever. So, yeah, I mean, so what were you saying? About 3% so if we do a million a year in sales, you, you, you expect us to spend 30,000 on marketing,

Matthias Miller  04:43
pretend, potentially, yeah, it might not actually end up being that. Well, that just depends. We're gonna cap our management fees at 1500 a month, unless, unless you're scaling to dozens of locations, and it gets suddenly wildly cut. Complicated, or something like that. But we're not, we're not looking to do so that would be the cat, and then we'd be looking at and this just depends on economics. So if you're in other places we've seen, you know, okay, like worst case scenario, you're paying 50 bucks a lead, and you're only converting them at 10% and and these are pretty high intent, which means that your your cost of acquisition for building is is $500 Well, that's pretty hard to you know, to get 3% out of that, you're gonna have to be selling

Matthias Miller  05:42
goodness. Divided by 3% I don't have that number in front of me, but that's going to be quite the

Speaker 1  05:48
so you want paid. So you have a monthly fee and then, like a revenue sharing model,

Matthias Miller  05:55
okay, it's a monthly fee you pay for ads out of pocket, but we adjust our monthly fee to make sure that it fits your economics based on what lead cost comes out to. So we can get rolling if it's in the dead of winter, if budget's an issue, we can get rolling for $500 a month. That's kind of the bare minimum. Keep the lights on for us where we're covering part of the management just to get the ball rolling and get leads flowing, to get you guys profitable. And then the goal would be, as you guys scale up to and and where it's profitable, to increase the management fee closer to what standard rates are. So it's not technically a revenue share. I guess you're familiar with the numbers. They're just kind of walking through numbers.

Speaker 1  06:47
Yeah, I mean, I think, and I don't know if you remember us talking about this last week, but what I am more in favor of and trying to find is someone who works based on the results they provide us, because a lot of and I don't mean to lump you as but a lot of people that offer your services, you know, you do this, you do that, and whether it works or not, you still get to keep your money, and that might just be a necessary evil of your industry, I don't really know, because Really, we've never had to use you until recently. Since, you know, Facebook and some of these other platforms have really changed their algorithms where you want to call them, and it's just trying to figure those out and stay up with that stuff on how to stay relevant is very frustrating. So having someone that knows the ins and outs of that would be invaluable, but they need to be constantly producing. I mean, I need to see the return. This isn't just like, I like, one guy said, Well, you got to do some stuff for branding. No, I don't. If you know, I want sales, that's it. Branding is for Coke and Pepsi and Bud Light or whatever. I mean, they spend money on branding because they want to be, you know, at the forefront of people's minds. But so, yeah, I mean, I guess I just, I mean, we're going to do something here in the next few days, what, who we decide to go with? I'm not 100% sure. There is a guy out of Texas who specifically works with and I don't know if you guys just deal with shed dealers, but he also works with shed dealers, but he is, I know him personally. He's bought and sold a few companies. He's done really well. So I know his track record. What I I'm having a call with him this afternoon as well, and I just will see how much of the social media he knows, because his train or his the services might be more just how you run a shed light, how do you grow sales? And it might just be a cursor. Very review of social media, we definitely want someone to work with it knows 100% like all day, you know, like they live, sleep, sleep, eat, breathe, social media. I mean, that's what I want, is someone who knows all that, because I don't understand why. You know, Facebook doesn't work anymore. It really pisses me off. I wish I didn't have to use it ever again. But unfortunately, there's a lot of people on there, so I want to see if there's a way to effectively reach them. Sure.

Matthias Miller  09:17
Yeah, yeah. Fair enough. So we do work specifically in the shed industry. I might even I don't know exactly who you're looking to talk to in Texas, you don't have to share. It's possible that we know each other. Who's that? It's possible that we know each other. I don't know who you're, who you're looking to work with, Casey Wiggins. Casey Wiggins, okay, I don't, I don't know him specifically. I know some other folks taxes, who are doing some more stuff, but

Speaker 1  09:41
yeah, I mean, he, I don't know if you ever heard of United portable buildings, but he, he just sold that a few months ago, started it, I don't know, 510, years ago, however long it was, got it running. Pretty successful. It's, it's in Texas, a handful of other states. But he, now, he's just, can. Consulting with shed companies, shed dealers and and I really, and I know him personally, so I know that, like I know he's walked the walk and they he, you know, he's built it and done it before, and that's what I guess, before I gave anyone a $500 a month. I want to see that they have done this. And so this is more of a washroom repeat type scenario then, oh, well, you know, like, did you say you just work with shared companies or do

Matthias Miller  10:32
so I've been up until just last fall, I've been doing all kinds of bespoke consulting in all kinds of different areas, probably more than I should, but I my first check company was back in 2016 and I've, I've helped design end to end systems for there was a 20 to $30 million private client that we built kind of end systems for. We ran marketing for them for a while. Did not that we did not produce the ROI that we wanted to. We learned some lessons from that. There's another comment that ended up working with on the marketing and sales front, and we were able to make some changes to the sales process, bump and increase leads by going into Facebook. Their revenue was up about 33% from those from those changes. And so last fall, I was, I was in my business peer group. They're like, Dude, stop trying to be a generalist, and you're clearly already in the shed industry, you know, the industry, go double down and find ways to serve folks in that area. So that is specifically what I'm looking for. I'm not looking to run any kind of marketing on that on that front the guy running, the guy running paid traffic, has been in the online advertising space. He ran some of these previous campaigns. He's been in the online advertising space for, I don't know what it's been 1618, years, something like that around, actually, pre Google ads. Now, all that doesn't necessarily call your concerns, and I, I can't fault you for that, but that is a little bit about kind of my background and and where I've been and where I'm going.

Speaker 1  12:24
Okay, so, so if, I mean, so who does your social media? Is it you, or is it someone else?

Matthias Miller  12:30
It's, it's my marketing partner.

Speaker 1  12:33
Gotcha? Okay? Sounds good? Yeah. I mean, you know. So we're going to talk about this actually, probably have a few conversations today and early tomorrow and probably make our decision by Friday. All

Matthias Miller  12:47
right, sounds good. Thanks. Kevin,

Unknown Speaker  12:53
Okay, thanks, man. I appreciate it.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai