Unknown Speaker  00:34
Hey,

Unknown Speaker  00:38
gotta leave my new ideas. Let me open this again. I

Matthias Miller  00:43
mean, this can be a bonus for the dealer thing, but I found this guy in a sales group who's like, Hey, look at my results. This is what I did. So I messaged the guy. I'm like, Hey, what are you doing? It's like, oh, that's what I'm doing. I'm like, Cool. And I told him, I keep running into people who need help with this kind of stuff.

Speaker 1  01:02
And stuff. So

Matthias Miller  01:06
it feels like low hanging fruit, but really, oh, Kyle. I mean, I could just see a poster going out how Kyle made one point sold one point some million in 2024, with 60% of his lead flow, and got 62% of his leads completely free. Scan here to find out how, and then it's either a

Speaker 1  01:34
I don't know, and

Speaker 2  01:49
um, can you hear me? Yes, I can. Now I can, okay, and I was asking you're so you're picturing This as like an ad,

Matthias Miller  01:58
Yeah, add offer text. I

Speaker 2  02:49
So what if I'm down to the bottom? So, I mean, so this is, I'm just making sure Ron skipping a beat here. This is mostly about Facebook market.

Matthias Miller  03:09
This is Facebook marketplace.

Speaker 2  03:11
Yep, um, you don't think that I

Unknown Speaker  03:26
freely to this pocket.

Speaker 2  03:38
Is this true? By the way, this fellow named made 1.2 million just doing free postings on marketplace. Well, he

Matthias Miller  03:45
didn't make 1.2 million. He made 630,000 or whatever was 40,000

Unknown Speaker  03:53
well, by medic, I just mean gross. Wait, wait,

Matthias Miller  04:01
I mean, 62% okay, so 1.2 times point 62 he made seven. He made a three quarter, almost three quarter million last year off of Facebook marketplace, he sold $1.2 million total, and over half of that came from free leads on Facebook marketplace. I got that,

Speaker 2  04:19
okay, I get that now. Okay, so, so then, so what did the other 38% come from?

Matthias Miller  04:31
I'm gonna guess Walk, walk ins and referrals.

Speaker 2  04:35
Oh, he didn't specify Okay, um, I'm thinking that this ought to Okay, a couple. Here's just random thoughts, right? So first of all, um, I like it. I like it in general. I like where it's going. Um, I do worry a little that all these guys already post. On marketplace, and they're going to be like, what, you know, we all do that already, you know, you know, I'm saying, like, I'm just a little bit worried about whether or not there's anything in here that is game changing for them.

Matthias Miller  05:16
We do Cliff Notes. It's use video, it's lots of posts with multiple accounts, and it's be super responsive and get them on a call or set an appointment as soon as possible. That's the Cliff Notes version. So

Speaker 2  05:32
I wonder. I have no idea if my thoughts on this are even headed in the right direction or not, but like, I just wonder if somehow I feel like,

Speaker 2  05:54
I feel like the line between Oh yeah, I already know that And oh wow, this Kevin guy actually is doing something different than I am. Is too obscure? Does that make sense? Right? I wish that, and maybe I'm wrong. Maybe every shed dealer in the world is going to open this document and go like, Wow, these guys really do know what they're talking about. I don't know but that, but that's what I want. I want them to be impressed.

Speaker 2  06:31
It's kind of like, maybe it needs a section that says, you know, when I'm not saying, This is it. This is only an example, when Kevin got started selling sheds 29 years ago. He I know it's not 29 I'm totally making this up. He was posting on Craigslist and Facebook marketplace every day, just like you, and he would get a few deals here and there, but the tide really turned for Kevin when he started all right, using video or using multiple accounts or whatever, right? Like something that is really so some section of this document that is really focusing on Kevin was just like you, and it was kind of working for Kevin, just like it probably is for you,

Speaker 2  07:30
you know, business doubled or went up 50% you know. And maybe that first step was the video, and then maybe the next step was he learned to respond to leads on the spot instead of waiting until after lunch. Um, is this making any sense at all? Right? Because right now, it's very checklisty, and we all know that people don't consume Info Products well. And I think you would just be really easy for the salient part, the park that has value and matters and makes a difference to go over their head. Um, so, yeah, maybe it needs a little story line at the top or or something. Um, otherwise they're going to be like, well, of course they just put my I'm looking at the bullet points. They're going to be like, well, of course they use the title. Well, of course they put the price in there. You know, who is this? You know, Matthias guy telling me to use a photo. Duh. Of course, I use a photo. You mean, yeah,

Matthias Miller  08:54
and I mean, I think I

Unknown Speaker  10:00
Let's see This is right here. I'm

Matthias Miller  10:20
And this is the one thing I was playing around With. I

Speaker 2  11:43
And I'm not saying that the storyline has to replace all the info you gave below it. I think the, I think all the details below can be viewed as like an SOP, a full detailed workflow process. And that's good. I just, I think it was only that long bullet to the list. People would look at it quickly and be like, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, I already know all that. Whereas I want to get the, what's that phrase we all use, um, transformation. That's it. I wanted to get the transformation part across at the top. I'm going to put you on mute, and I'll be right back for a Second. You.

Unknown Speaker  13:14
And I'm back and

Unknown Speaker  13:37
Okay, well,

Matthias Miller  13:40
obviously that would have to be built, but it seems like

Unknown Speaker  13:46
we could,

Unknown Speaker  13:51
sorry, what would have to be built.

Matthias Miller  13:52
We could, we could create a little chat GPT thing that you can put, copy and paste stuff in

Speaker 2  13:59
it. Oh, cool. That is a great idea, by the way. That's a really, really great idea. Side note, I do think we should, I mean, it's up to you, but it keeps occurring to me that should be using the shed Titans brand instead of CO hosts. I I don't know. I'm not. It's possibly no difference at all, but it doesn't sound like marketing, and it doesn't sound like heads.

Matthias Miller  14:39
We can,

Unknown Speaker  14:42
you can get a new brand called shed hos.

Matthias Miller  14:48
What's not I.

Matthias Miller  15:03
Let me log into my GHL. I probably don't have access to my website with sites. Let's see if I do podcast file websites. Now we just built it as a funnel. I do have access. That's the wrong one. I hate. But anyway, lnl key on what this is.

Matthias Miller  15:39
I mean, we could, it's All using the phone builder. I

Matthias Miller  16:14
We could also do shed Titans. I

Matthias Miller  16:25
I do this.

Speaker 2  16:26
Titans is a great brand name, which is, were you originally hoping to save that for the podcast only? I didn't

Matthias Miller  16:34
have an opinion. The biggest challenge is that modifying the shit Titans website is just the pain? Oh, really. Okay, maybe I just hate funny funnel builders. I'm just lazy and tired and old,

Speaker 2  16:48
and the whole domain is tied to what? What's the software?

Matthias Miller  16:53
GHL. GHL. Funnel builder.

Speaker 2  17:00
Gonna pull up titans.com and it's really even loading with trying to load but transferring data from static CDN dot lead connector, acute at all. I think you should take your side off there anyway. Whoa. Like 12 seconds in, the page is still not loading. Looks for me, it just loaded just then. That was like a 15 second load. I don't have a timer on that browser. That was like a 15 second time.

Matthias Miller  17:32
It's terrible, yeah, um, man, maybe it's uh, try a different browser. Oh, let's see here,

Speaker 2  17:45
loaded instantly in Chrome, but that's probably because I loaded it the other day. Okay.

Matthias Miller  17:56
Well, I got somebody to call here. I'm going to try to try and make some more calls. Yeah, I don't know. I'm feeling a little I'm not sure what feels like. I just wasted the whole day trying to make sales calls and connecting with people, and even that was super productive, and I should have messaged more people and all this stuff. I did have the thought of, maybe we should, oh, and I had a guy call me, and then he's like, Oh yeah, just want to call make sure it wasn't a scam. And then he's like, What do you do? And started telling him about myself. And then, look so thought about messaging him back. Be like, oh, sorry, man, looks like we got disconnected. Oh, the other thing is

Unknown Speaker  18:48
scale system,

Matthias Miller  18:56
the system for No, not that one can't keep track of my lead magnet. Did you see my other document

Speaker 2  19:13
that I sent? I lost again. No second. Oh, can you hear me?

Unknown Speaker  19:22
Yeah, I can.

Unknown Speaker  19:24
So open now,

Matthias Miller  19:27
I think what would be helpful in here is to show here's what you can here's how you can buy this system under each one. Here's the product that goes with this system, basically, so that they know we're, we're,

Speaker 2  19:52
yeah, I can see that. Oh, but before we leave the other one behind, can we? Can we go back to the other doc for a second? Again,

Unknown Speaker  20:00
yeah,

Speaker 2  20:03
so then I end of this document about the Facebook marketplace. It the I think store should then continue something like, you know, you again resume the storyline part. You'd be hard pressed to find someone who's maximized Facebook marketplace better than Kevin. But that wasn't enough for him. He wanted to grow even more, so he started using Facebook ads like and maybe he didn't, I don't know, but basically segue from, you know, here's this free value to get all the sales you can possibly squeeze out of marketplace, and then when you hit the ceiling, the next step is basically hire us next, right? And in fact, maybe that should even lead over to that second doctor. Well, here's

Matthias Miller  21:03
what I would say, the people, people like Kyle, who are winning on Facebook Messenger,

Unknown Speaker  21:16
have writ hustle

Matthias Miller  21:22
and dedication.

Matthias Miller  21:37
The system works if you work the system and you'd rather spend your time selling. You know, I

Unknown Speaker  22:10
something like that.

Unknown Speaker  22:21
I don't know I still got a drop right open. Yeah, thanks. Bye. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai