Unknown Speaker  00:00
Hidden reply, and I forgot about it, though.

Matthias Miller  00:03
Yeah, so I mean backstory, just really brief backstory, been working with shit companies off and on, mostly privately, like one on one types of engagement since about 2016 and been looking to take some of the systems that we've used for growth, some of them on marketing and sales end and about I've also gone pretty deep in the software software world as well, but just all the different systems and making them available more broadly to other types of shed companies, instead of just Yeah, yeah. So I think

Unknown Speaker  00:39
don't let me ask you, who have you worked with?

Matthias Miller  00:43
Well, there's, there's a there's a regional the software client is a regional client, multi state client that I'm not at liberty to disclose. Unfortunately, no problem. No, they, but they're, they're across mobile regions, 20 or $30 million company, manufacturer, selling, selling direct, and we built out a full end to end. You know, think shed suite, but or or shed app, or something like that, but for a private client. Okay, so that's one I'm working with, Colorado shed company out here in Colorado, I've also been working with, spent a year working with, sorry your story. She's out here as well. And then there been other miscellaneous clients. The one client I was talking about, I also did some sales and marketing, ran some oversaw some marketing, did some work with them, on their sales team as well. Okay, and there have been a handful of others. And mostly, I'll be honest, mostly gotten the shit into suit by accident, learned way more than I ever thought I would. And, yeah, so that's gotcha, gotcha.

Unknown Speaker  01:55
Cool. So what do you So, what do you do that you guys offer? Like, what do you guys do?

Matthias Miller  02:01
So you've been, yeah, go ahead. Well, it's been early stage. We've been taking a look at different different parts. So we have an array of tools, so lead gen, Facebook, Google ads, and I know there's a lot of other companies offering that, but we've been, we've been playing around with the partnership program, where, basically, for folks who are just starting out. We can kind of get them rolling, scale up with them. We have a online sales we're getting ready in February to launch a 21 day online sales sprint, and so basically taking, I don't know, have you do you know Eric Hunsberger at all? I don't know. Okay, so he he put together a system. He was a sales guy for one of the local companies. He's still in sales. And he put together a system, a sales system, sold about 3.4 million back in 2018 pre COVID, pre inflation, using, Oh, wow. So we're bundling that up into a 21 day sprint, and like teaching his process, we also have, we've also done a bunch of management by numbers, getting people off the roller coaster. So if you're more advanced, you know, Ty tying tying in back end economics, making sure that your marketing budget is on track, tracking individual salesperson behaviors within the CRM. If you've got a CRM, that's definitely more, I don't know that's more graduate level stuff, okay, we've also, we're also are doing a customized CRM, working with Colorado shed company right now, building that out and planning to make it available to other folks who want it again. I know there's lots of people offering CRMs, but we're looking to add some, add something, some integrations to make, make things flow more smoothly within what we're building. So, yeah, that's a little bit of, a little bit of what, yeah, where we're at. Sorry. One other thing I should, I should add one of our clients to, we build out a system to especially, especially if you're doing online, quoting a system to make contact with leads. And, yeah, that's that was a significant contributor to revenue boost that they that they experienced.

Unknown Speaker  04:28
Okay, all right, gotcha so, so you guys have, yeah, so you guys, so you guys, are more pushing online marketing. Is what you're doing. That

Matthias Miller  04:45
is That is correct. We are more pushing online online marketing. Okay, gotcha,

Speaker 1  04:50
gotcha. So, what is your So, what is it that you So, what is it that you do? You push like Google ads, Facebook. Um, like, that type of thing.

Matthias Miller  05:01
Yeah. I mean the whole end to end system. So what does it take to make online sales work? Well, you got to have, you got to have a way to get leads. Yeah, once you get leads, you got to be able to get in touch with them. Once you get in touch with them, you got to be able to track them. Once you track them and get them on the phone, once you get them on the phone, you got to be able to build trust site and seen and close them and and then, you know, there's, there's all the other stuff around kind of sales driven culture. You gotta have a protection team that's communicative and responsive. And you you're there. Especially it's important to keep transparency on lead times and schedule changes and stuff like that, and then, and then, if you, if you're working with multiple sales people, the other thing that you need is, once again, making sure that you've got the right salespeople in play, and also making sure that you've got good management. Yeah, so I'm sure you've seen the sales roller coaster, you know it's like, but you got to keep them, keep them, keep them going,

Speaker 1  06:06
yeah, yeah, yeah. It's a, it's crazy. Do you want to, you want to send me an email? Kind of like, what you guys do, and like, you have anything like that, like some, yeah, like some of your stuff you do? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  06:22
sure do. You could do that?

Unknown Speaker  06:26
Go ahead. I'm also

Matthias Miller  06:27
happy to kind of talk to your business too, and kind of process stuff out. And

Speaker 1  06:33
yeah, yeah, I am. I'm running out of time to go the phone, and I have someone showing up here in a few minutes, but I'd like to pick up our conversation and talk some more in depth about what you guys do. Because, yeah, we're, that is one of our businesses. Biggest struggle right now is getting leads, you know, getting, you know, getting leads, I'm sure you know, like the shed market. You said you're in Colorado. Say, what? Yeah, that's right, yeah. So we're down here in Tennessee, and I don't know if you know anything about the shed market in Tennessee, but it's crazy saturated right now down here. So it's kind of everyone like clawing to hang on long enough until the others drop off. You know what? I mean? Yep, I get it. So that's kind of where we're at with our thing. So it's kind of like getting leads, like we can, like, I've been, I've been, personally in the chat industry since I was, you know, 14 years old, like that. My dad's been his whole life. I started working in a shop, you know, like, 14 I have my own shop, but, yeah, it's really hard to get the leads, get people coming in the door. These days, it seems like Yeah, and I do, I do. I probably have, would that say, like, I have a better ratio of, like, closing, like, an online sale versus someone coming in honestly, just because there's so much competition around us, you know, they drive down the road. There's another shed, you know, so, right? But yeah, so the more online leads. I think I'm doing better in sales with that.

Matthias Miller  08:03
Yeah, that's, that's interesting. Good to know. Makes sense. All right. Well, let me, let you go to, I guess, two questions. What's the best email to send that over to? Let me see here. Let me give it to you real quick. Let me is this number you're calling on good text, yeah, just text it to December. Yeah, I'll

Speaker 1  08:24
text this number so that we you got it. I'm gonna send that over right now see if I can find see your number is 844-974-2641,

Matthias Miller  08:35
yeah, I think, I think that's right. I got into CRM. I haven't memorized it. Yeah, it's eight before all right,

Unknown Speaker  08:50
I just sent that email over to you, yep, and then yeah,

Matthias Miller  08:54
and then go ahead, yeah, real quick scheduling on Friday. Is there or is Friday a good time to amount of time to touch base again?

Speaker 1  09:06
See, yeah, what? What time do you have on Friday available for you?

Matthias Miller  09:11
Currently, I can make anything from about 11, well, probably about 12 Eastern. I could do some something at 10am sorry, 930 10 or like, from two to five Eastern.

Unknown Speaker  09:30
Let's do, let's do the 1010, that's for me. So yeah,

Matthias Miller  09:35
all right, sounds good. I will shoot you calendar as well. We'll talk. Thanks. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  09:40
good. Talk to you, Matt, you have a good

Matthias Miller  09:41
one. Yeah, you too. Thank you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai