Unknown Speaker  01:14
Hey, hey, hey,

Matthias Miller  01:16
hey, what'd you learn? All right? Well, people keep being super, super skittish. So there's a lot of burn bridges in online marketing.

Speaker 1  01:31
There really is also my understanding, yeah, I'm still trying to get a grip on how the world works, and I really mean that, but my understanding is that, by definition, somebody you have reached out to via a cold contact is going to be the worst to deal with, right, like right the best. The opposite end of the scale is someone that, as we keep saying, who's been soaking up material for years, whether that be a podcast or Facebook posts or something and so, yeah, well, I think we're dealing with the worst, roughest edge of people who they've never heard of you before. You reached out to them, for some reason, they're flexible enough to have some curiosity and not be all you know uptight about it at the first instant, but still there. There is no no, KLT, no, I can trust is completely lacking. There's no context. Yeah, so I don't think that. I don't think that other channels, other avenues, are going to be exactly that. Let's call it that temperature. But then there's a trade off with everything, right? So anyhow,

Matthias Miller  02:55
so here's a crazy idea. You know how Carson does his guaranteed leads,

Speaker 1  03:05
yes and no, I'm not talk to me.

Matthias Miller  03:10
So he says, I guarantee this many or I'll pay you $4,000 well, what does he do? He spins up a campaign, spends 20 bucks on SMS credits, and says, Yep, it works. You in and do the deal, and it works. So of course, he doesn't need to pay you. I'm not sure always how I feel about Funnel Hacking, but we could do the same thing with Facebook, and we'll say, here's what we're going to do. We're going to pay you. We need 20 bucks a day. Seven days, we're going to pay you $140 we're going to put it on your card. It's going to be set to run out at the end of the day, and we're going to ads running, and if it works, then we signed you on for this is like the insanity check. But anyway, we'll, we'll, we'll let it run, and you pay us management fee, and we'll, we'll keep growing your your leads, if not no harm, no foul. We covered your cost just a little bit of time we're out you.

Speaker 1  04:33
Up. I have a universe worth of things to say about this, and I'm trying to decide if I should shut up and run with it, or if I should tell you all the reasons why we shouldn't do that.

Matthias Miller  04:49
Well, I think we should get I should be I think we should save it for another day, and I think we should get this document out to. Um, elite, and um,

Speaker 1  05:06
did this other dude, like, this is somebody new? In other words, yeah, um, oh, at this document, you mean the offer doc, right? Or do you mean the which one?

Matthias Miller  05:25
Well, we should get

Unknown Speaker  05:35
this guy. I

Unknown Speaker  05:47
uh, okay, um,

Speaker 1  05:52
what caused you to create this document that we're looking at here on the screen? Somebody

Matthias Miller  05:56
asked what we did. I was like, Well, this is a unifying thing like this is the ascension plan.

Speaker 1  06:18
I did 45 sales calls this summer, trying to sell a GHL based automation system that I was told by the guru was the easiest thing in the world to sell. And this, who knows? Maybe they're lying through their teeth. But this particular guru I've been following for years. I know them from Mike Rhodes group. I don't think he's a total lying scammer. And literally, the vast majority of those 45 now pushing 50 calls ended with, well, send me more info. So I feel like send me more info is a loss. I'm not saying not to send them info, but I'm suggesting that if you talk to this person and they need more info, that that's a dead end. Could be wrong. Maybe the situation is different, but that's how it looks to me,

Matthias Miller  07:26
well we can also mean we want more info.

Speaker 1  07:31
Okay, so I'll shut my negativity off and I'll let you send that I do think that we should not okay if we're gonna make multiple assets, documents, sales, pages, anything, I think that each one should be treated as a test and and a fair test. Now, what do I know I overthink everything and possibly, possibly that's not the right way to do things. Um, yeah, you know what? Just ignore everything. I just said, um, I do not,

Speaker 1  08:20
uh, literally ignore everything I just said and tell me what pathway seems best to you.

Speaker 1  08:42
I get the feeling that either you can't hear me or I can't hear you. Hear me. Testing, testing 1230,

Matthias Miller  08:57
it would help if I would unmute.

Speaker 1  08:59
Okay, that's better. I have, I haven't heard anything from me in the last like three minutes. So what's you thinking? Sorry.

Unknown Speaker  09:09
Well, I mean,

Matthias Miller  09:13
I don't know. How do I know they're ghosting, they're engaging with me, and they're not saying no. So either they're looking for a lizard grain. Reason to say no, or they're saying, hey, I need to process a little bit. I need a way to visualize. What is it you're talking about? And, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  09:41
uh,

Speaker 1  09:43
okay, well, let's just treat it as a test. Then go ahead and take the batch, I don't know, 1015, 30, and feed them more info and see how that plays out. I've noticed I just okay. I don't have. Solution. I do have a bucket load of experience, attempts, dancing around the issue, talking to people about it, trying things, and I'm starting to recognize some patterns. And the patterns bother me is, is basically what I tried to say there four minutes ago. Um, so I do, I do know that the free trial thing can become a dead end trap in a pretty big hurry, so let's just be cautious about it and and limit it. And based on my experience, it's more likely to turn into a loss than a success. But it's worth trying, I guess. Sure, it does not ring my happy bell at all. I literally can't think of anyone who's had well, yes, I can, I can think of one single person who had success with the free trial thing, but they did it very differently. They sent the leads before they ever even contacted them, and after they'd been sending free leads phone calls for a week, they rung them up and they said, hey, you know those calls you've been getting, if you'd like more of those work with us, but that's the only and that was, that was nearly 10 years ago, so I'm not sure that's a good apples to apples analogy. Sure. Oh, well, yeah, we need a system that works. And the question is, how do we find a system that works. When's your next round table meetup?

Matthias Miller  11:49
Tuesday and Wednesday.

Speaker 1  11:51
It's coming right up next week. Okay, are you taking notes from all this? And you know, so you can present these things to I just, I think there's people out there in Perry's world who have way more experience with sales and lead gen than we do, including for agencies, and can help steer us down the right pathway. Yes, do free trials. No, don't. Yes, give them more info. No, don't you know, or here's what it takes to close when you contact them. Blue.

Speaker 1  12:37
Not quite enough time and money to split test, the whole universe Okay. Well, do you have another call in a minute? Are you good for a while? I'm good for a while. Okay, I need to go to a store. But if you don't mind the chaos I've got, I basically can keep talking to you almost the whole time. So let's rewind a bit. When I talked with you an hour ago, or whenever that was, you said something like, I you felt like you'd wasted your day doing sales calls when you should have been messaging. Do you remember saying that? Yes, can you explain that to me a little bit, I'm a little lost. And who are you doing the sales calls with?

Matthias Miller  13:31
So I had a few no shows. I reached out to the Amish builders up the moist mail. And what else do? Gotta hang up talk to one guy. I think that's a pretty good, pretty, pretty good candidate, actually. I mean, he did ask for more information, but he's interested in a follow up conversation, and he asked me questions like, what companies have you worked with you for what's your background in history? People who do that tell me that those are people who have a healthy degree of skepticism, but they're not they're not completely guarded and completely walled off.

Unknown Speaker  14:19
Okay? Um,

Speaker 1  14:27
I'm sorry, hold on for me, just a second. Is Ivan here? Follow me? Uh, it seems to me like there just has to be another piece to this. Is it? Is it? It's embedded in the wood, and none of them are missing. Know that for an absolute fax, you say yes, but like, Did you look in all 16 homes or whatever?

Unknown Speaker  14:53
Okay, uh, come with me. We gotta go buy these All right, and I'm gonna be on the phone the whole time more or less. Uh,

Speaker 1  15:03
pardon the interruption. Um, so, so you said that included the ominous referral people and then, and that's, and that's who was skeptical.

Matthias Miller  15:13
No, they are. I haven't talked to them yet. No, not, okay, um,

Unknown Speaker  15:19
who else you know what? Yep,

Matthias Miller  15:22
I know what to do. Okay, let's go find everybody who asked us to email information and send them a FedEx overnight package that they have to sign for with the information.

Speaker 1  15:34
Okay, interesting, and and which information are you going to send, like, a paper copy of the same document we're looking at. Yeah, and, okay, um, very interesting.

Matthias Miller  15:53
Yeah, let's try this in a copy of send a copy of my book. I don't know if that helps. Maybe that's distraction. What do you think

Unknown Speaker  16:03
I am pulling the blank on your book? What is that? It's

Matthias Miller  16:06
called Winning together. It's just to add to the thud factor. Blue collar people generally like it. But it's more about masterminding than it

Speaker 1  16:19
is about that's not a bad idea that might play into the the 21 day sprint and the membership you're wanting to put together.

Speaker 1  16:37
I have a question. I have a question for Perry, for Perry, and I'm really serious about this. So this phone call today is an odd experience for me. I'm trying to figure out how to put it into words. Basically, I have arrived at, you know what? I'm about to leave, and once I get on the road, I will have better signal, and I want this to be real clear in the recording, so I'm going to wait and tell you what I was about to say in just a Few minutes. Okay, Ivan, are You ready to go? You

Speaker 2  18:00
A little Bit Hello.

Speaker 1  18:43
Hey, Ivan, my depot, I might just send you inside and buy them. So Matthias, okay,

Unknown Speaker  18:55
actually, hot out here. I was cold. I

Speaker 1  19:45
I think I may have told you so I moved last year to a new place, slightly further away from town and more out towards the country, and cell phone reception there, which is where I get my i. Internet connection from as well is just terrible, like I bought a booster and everything, and it makes it barely tolerable, but definitely not good. Yep. Okay, so if you don't mind, I'm going to start over on what I was saying there, and actually, maybe you can even help me package this into a better question for Perry, so I entered marketing world. And this is not just a story. This is what happened, because I was a techie, a system administrator, to be exact, who was helping build websites, web platforms, web systems. And ran multiple times, ran into a situation where we had built a good platform for the customer, but the customer themselves did not know how to get users on that platform. And I got intrigued by that. I've always been a bit of an introvert. I'm generally the last guy that's going to, you know, be a salesman and be a natural at it. But I thought that marketing, digital marketing, particularly, initially, I thought it was SEO, and then ads was the logical and systematic solution to that problem, to the problem of other businesses. Any business doesn't know how to get a customer, how you customer? No problem. We just built your website. We'll do marketing. We'll get traffic to your site, and you'll have customers. Well, um, turns out that's not so easy. When I started doing Google ads, which I learned from Perry, I didn't know how to get customers for myself, and I started asking questions about it, to the best of my recollection, on Perry's forum, and I got told by Perry Mike Rhodes and some other people that funny enough, you me, an agency owner cannot use Google ads to get clients. And the reason why was very simple, the CPL was too high and the AOV was too low. I'm not saying someone said it like that, but that, that is what came out in the wash. And so I have actually so I've been in business for 14 years now, but I have struggled with client acquisition the entire time, and I have gone through little tail spins with gurus who have a system to sell me a lot of times, I have an avoidance for the endless hamster wheel content churn, which is probably part of my problem, but I keep wanting, in essence, to solve the same problem for myself. I want to help customers systematically get clients let me say that differently, I want to help my clients. Systematically. Gets me clients, and I don't know how to solve that. I have worked with probably a house and have greater or lesser expertise than I do, and nobody seems to know how to solve the riddle. This riddle right here, and this is what I hope Perry can answer. How does a person with some skill, but not necessarily top 1% amazing king of the crop and no magic bullet. How do they find, get or develop a client acquisition system of their own without going down the expert treadmill, the content generation treadmill, or breaking the bank trying endless combinations of cold SMS, cold calling, Lumpy mail and ads like this is actually kind of good. I've got clarity on this question for the first time in years, even though I've been struggling with it for years. How do you solve client acquisition when you're not elite and you're not a vain peacock is going to say, Look at me, I get 1,000x ROAs for my clients, when, of course, that is not my average, even though I've done it, yeah, well, I am quite sure I have head trash around this issue. But, like I used to believe that if I did good work, clients would come my way automatically. It is possible that what's wrong is I don't do good enough work, and yet, I've been told by many people that I do good enough work, so I literally don't know if that's the problem or not. It's possible that in the real world. Old, it is downright essential to get on the hamster wheel and churn out endless impressive looking content. I don't feel like I have an ability to do that, so that's a dead end pathway to me. But maybe that's the only way it works, and therefore I should give up. I don't know. I think it could be done with a, say, Facebook ads funnel, although there is issues with client acquisition on Facebook and Google, CPL versus AOV and quality of the client and all of that, I once had someone who I think is really smart, Scott ulford, to be exact, tell me personally, that the only way to get big, good whale clients in this space is through, I don't remember the words he used, but basically through the good old boys network being you got to be referred, and you're not going to get these people with a funnel. And that's kind of impressive, because he was a funnel builder, and I had actually hired him to help me with that exact problem, right? Yeah, I'm gonna stop yakking. But like, and maybe you can help me say this better. But like, how do we solve the problem of finding a pathway? I don't feel like it's finding a needle in the haystack. I still think it's finding a pathway to acquire clients without stressing out, dealing with the hamster wheel, um, turning into a speaker on a stage with a book, or burning endless months and dollars, trying to do various cold acquisition methods that seem often to produce the kind of conversations that You've been talking about today. Lots of fear, lots of doubt, on on the prospects in it's, it's like we're having to overcome this huge mental obstacle in the prospect's mind when we are doing cold prospecting. And I'm just not sure that we, we or anybody, has enough cloud for that I don't know. Maybe I'm wrong. Maybe some really good Joshua long, Robert Posey salesman can just breeze right through this situation, and I just don't know it yet. Okay, that's the end. Draw a line right here. The thing that is odd to me is that you are the genuine article. You you don't have too many complexes around helping your ideal prospect. You can talk shed shed business all day long. As best I can tell, I know you're not a raging extrovert, but as best I can tell, you are pretty comfortable on the phone talking to people, uh, pretty personable. And in other words, you've got the whole package, the assets, the knowledge, the experience, the skills, the references, the case studies, and you're still having a hard time. But, uh, granted, I'm saying this on day three, maybe the only problem is that we need to get to day 30. But if that's true, I'd love for someone like Perry to say that. And so I'm just perplexed at why this is difficult, even when we've got, let's call you the genuine article. Yep. And it's like, do we pick the wrong pathway, or do we just not proceed long enough, far enough, far enough. I I've, you know, it's kind of funny. I have done so much training and listen to so many gurus over the time that I can actually imagine an answer to every question I just asked based on what so and so said. But I don't know that what so and so said actually works at all, or works for me in particular, I have no idea. So for example, in answer to my last question, I can think of one or two or three people who would say, Jonathan, there is no problem here. You just haven't done 100 phone calls yet. And maybe that's true, or maybe it's not, but I don't know that's the whole problem.

Matthias Miller  29:07
Well, I can tell you where I screwed up this conversation,

Unknown Speaker  29:11
okay, where

Matthias Miller  29:13
I screwed up this guy. I think part of it is I'm not cocky enough. And if I would say, look, there's two things. One, address the mindset of risk. Like, dude, you could be driving home and get hit by a car. Are you not going to drive a car? And so there's that, okay, I don't know if I believe in it. The other thing is, look, we can tell you what are proven ads running on Facebook. Do you want us to run them or not? They're working for other companies. Do you are you going to stay stuck here forever just because you're scared somebody screwed you over and now that's that's very aggressive, and I'm not naturally that way yet, but maybe that's what needs to happen. Rip

Unknown Speaker  29:57
the band. Possible. Yes. Um. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  30:01
I also have a litany of thoughts around your question. Perry has, well, we know what works for Alex makassy, and even that has barely worked for him, which is Perry refers people to him. He's a celebrity in Perry space, but he's had to diversify to exotic networks recently. And Perry himself says lead gen companies are dead, like third time it doesn't, it is not a is not a USB, and marketing is commoditized. So maybe we're getting ourselves into trouble. There. Seems to me like there's something that these guys want to buy. There has to be something these guys well, actually it's maybe we're starting with the assumption these guys want to buy something. Maybe they don't want to buy something. I don't know.

Speaker 1  30:52
That's great questions. And also I have no idea what you're saying on these conversations, but maybe you're focusing too hard on leads, and we need to turn that back on its head and let you focus on sales and ops. Well, maybe we shouldn't be trying to sell them. Lead, anything, traffic, anything right now, and you should just be in the how to improve your business mode?

Matthias Miller  31:13
No, but I mean, it's, that's, that's generally the mode that I'm approaching it with. Like, where's the bottleneck? What are you trying to sell for? Yeah, and trying to fill it out. So I'm trying my best to be fairly loose when I go into it. I

Matthias Miller  31:30
suspect the guy I talked to this afternoon is Mennonite, and so that probably he probably picked up on, he probably picked up on that for me as well. So that probably help build trust, although, anyway, that has its own set of issues, because a lot of Amish and Mennonites think that they're spiritual and therefore above ethics, because gotta produce.

Unknown Speaker  31:51
That's amazing.

Matthias Miller  31:54
It's whack. But anyway, I'm good, therefore

Unknown Speaker  31:57
I can be bad. Yep, that's right.

Matthias Miller  32:02
So if I were to channel my brain, my my Perry brain, what would Perry say? The other thing is that, that they've consistently said for years is you have to get the people in the room to build enough trust to sell them social media. But I don't know how many of these dealers actually leave their location and go physically anywhere,

Speaker 1  32:26
sorry, the last word and go physically anywhere, anywhere are

Matthias Miller  32:30
they going to pack up and fly to Colorado, for

Speaker 1  32:32
example? Oh, I get it. You're talking about the literally getting them together in a room, correct?

Matthias Miller  32:38
I also have had this weird hunch over the last week or two, which has made me ask the question. And I'm not saying it's just an A curious question more than anything else, and not trying to be prescriptive in any way, but I said is, is Jonathan actually a hardcore marketer, or is he a hardcore ops person who fell into marketing because he needed marketing in order to make stuff work, and he's totally a systems guy.

Speaker 1  33:17
Okay, my marketing DNA is 3443, which basically means I'm none of the above and all of the above at the same time. But I lean towards systems. Perry uses the phrase live referring to situations I am. I can't remember what the opposite of live is but I recorded, recorded. Thank you. I lean towards recorded.

Unknown Speaker  33:47
What

Speaker 1  33:48
I actually am is a middle of the road on everything. And for some reason, I've got this faint with of stick to itiveness and desire to try things until they work, and the minute that they do work, I want to. I want out of the box. Um, that's terrible. I just said all that with negativity, which is actually how I feel most of the time anyway, even though I try to keep a lid on it. Uh, this is great, by the way. I don't. I can't have these conversations with anybody in the world, but you I can have them with my pastor, but he's not a marketer, so

Matthias Miller  34:32
that's a challenge. So the other observation I would make, then, based on what period himself has said in the marketing DNA, is that you one of your best. You are a good glue for start startups or growth. That's, that's the way I would describe it. I would say that based on what you described and what I know about you, your introduction to and actually, I feel like this has been used. All. It's a lot of what you've been trying to do with what you've been doing with me, I shouldn't even say try you've been doing with me is there's this thing I've been doing over here, and I don't really want to do it, but I'll help you do it long enough to get started. And let's figure out how to get this thing to work. And once it's working, let's figure out how to get out but you need to get connected with Carson, because Carson has this thing, and Josh Thomas has this thing, and here's why it's actually important that you keep this thing, but not that thing and and so I view you as the where many hats and the introverted wear many hats. Don't talk a lot to people, but from a marketing standpoint, can communicate or can leads one way, but can see things from the opposite end of the table, if necessary,

Speaker 1  35:55
very accurate, how to make a living in that context. I don't know what, what pains me, and seriously, it pretty much approaches a level of pain and always has, um, is I wish that I had something that actually worked, that I was good at, that I could just bring to the table and get people results. And it feels like I've spent see when I was doing systems, and it now it's possible that the environment created the illusion of success. But back then, I used to build things or fix things for people, and it made them happy, and I got paid, and it was actually very rare that I failed. I'm trying or felt like I failed, and I'm trying to think the definition of failure would have literally been, in that context, would have literally been the computer didn't run, the software, didn't run, the network, didn't talk, and it was very fixable, and there was some value to it, and I got paid for it. I think part of what's gone gone wrong, maybe that's and maybe that's not the right words to use, but gone wrong in the last 15 years while trying to do marketing, is that the target is always moving, maybe, and it's just really hard for me to feel like I've got success in a bottle and can pour some into somebody else's cup, right? And it just, it literally drives me up the wall, like I'm trying to think of some better way to frame that up. I almost need it based on who I am psychologically, like, I really need to have something good, something repeatable, that I can bring into a situation. And it's not that I need to win every time. That's not it at all. And I'm not that kind of person, but like, it needs to work most of the time. And so when I run into situations just like this, you and I trying to figure out how to put a package together and sell it, and I fail for the umpteenth time, having not yet succeeded even one of the times that I tried, my whole world starts to feel it now that's too strong, but like things feel really bad and make me start questioning everything. What I just can't pull this together five years later,

Matthias Miller  38:37
right?

Speaker 1  38:38
I'm sorry, I don't know how we moved into massive generalities instead of talking about your shared business. But one

Matthias Miller  38:47
more observation on that, the thing I would say, is you need to have a clear target. You prefer solving known problems with known targets. And you've been wondering in the world of unknown and figuring out, and it's really not how you're wired, and it ends up becoming discouraging. Is

Speaker 1  39:11
that right? Yeah, that's breaking the way to say it, yep, yeah. So part

Matthias Miller  39:15
of your solution, and I mean, this could come down to a who, not what. I don't know if this is going to work your pessimism sometime this afternoon puts a not in my stomach against my natural optimism, like, of course, if they ask for it, then we're going to ask for it, and then we're going to follow it. We're going to see what happens. Do they drop off? Can we resuscitate them if they do, and if they ask for it, and that's not actually what they want, then they were lying. So you can't deal with the lying prospects, and maybe that's just part of the fallout. Or, you know, I don't know it's it's it. I'm a. The other end of the spectrum with this incessant optimism. Of Of course, it's going to work out somehow,

Speaker 1  40:04
I don't know how, yet, guarantee you that your pathway is better than mine, meaning your optimism is better than my cynicism, because it is pretty much a known fact that the people who succeed are the people who just get it done and keep keep trying and keep putting one foot in front of the other, instead of, you know, questioning everything and getting nowhere, so to speak,

Matthias Miller  40:24
fair enough. And there's a fun fact, pessimists are usually more accurate, and optimists are usually more successful, based on some weird study.

Speaker 1  40:37
Let me see. Give me one moment here. Let me see the original bowl, please?

Speaker 3  40:41
Yeah, they're not quite exactly the same, but that's

Unknown Speaker  40:46
the closest thing they had. Are the threads? Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  40:50
fine out there.

Speaker 1  40:53
No, that's not gonna work. Did you put this into their threader? You know the little deal and these two, they both spill the threads. Don't look the same to me.

Unknown Speaker  41:04
I know they don't. Don't look the same to me either.

Speaker 3  41:12
It will be fine because we're not the way the fasteners work. They're fine on course, fasteners in the bed.

Speaker 1  41:20
I've never heard of a nut that takes two kinds of threads at the same time.

Speaker 3  41:24
It's a little piece of metal that's flat that has just enough catch at this time to catch on it. It's a flat piece of metal. Oh, that bracket that I saw, no, okay. It's a piece in the bed. It's a flat piece of metal that catches thread.

Speaker 1  41:42
Okay? I don't know. We can go try, I seriously don't, and there's nothing closer, I Seriously don't think that's going to work. But

Unknown Speaker  42:08
okay, I

Matthias Miller  42:20
let me know when you're back

Unknown Speaker  42:37
and I'm back so

Matthias Miller  42:43
so original reason for the call

Unknown Speaker  42:47
is

Matthias Miller  42:50
there's this company that has, okay, so I have a lead, I guess, this overall system, what do we offer? My thought was like, well, let's throw in some stuff about what we actually do offer. Like, let's not just make it, let's not just, let's not leave it unclear. Like, here there are specific products that we offer, that we can that are included, or that we can include, right? Yeah, products or services. So, and I guess the other thing

Unknown Speaker  43:33
this

Matthias Miller  43:38
the guy was talking to on the metal structure side, I Sam Bart is very strong on Funnel Hacking, so literally, just go find an ad in the ad library that's been running it has depressions from six months ago and still turned on or whatever, and go replicate it with as little change as possible, and run it.

Speaker 1  44:06
I'm on board with that. I've actually done that in other contexts, and it seems to work. So, yes,

Matthias Miller  44:11
okay, so on this, on this very skittish guy, I think he was leaning more towards Facebook, because he's like, that's where he sees most people advertising. And so I'm like, I don't know true, but if we can identify some ads, we say that we're able to go back to him, and we're able to say, look, we are able to find ads online that are working and that are selling this, and we can, and we have a baseline to start from, and are you, are you in or out? I mean, I think we can. I think we can do that.

Unknown Speaker  44:58
Yeah, I like. That, and that's very doable. So you're talking about right now. His name is what

Matthias Miller  45:07
this is, Zach, I think,

Speaker 1  45:13
okay, and that conversation ended with what like you just told him, you think about it. Get back with them. Or

Matthias Miller  45:20
he wanted some information about what we do.

Unknown Speaker  45:25
Okay, yeah,

Speaker 1  45:28
seriously. I'm sorry for the dose of cynicism probably just ignore. I cannot avoid the fact that I'm bothered by the multiplicity of failures that I've actually gone through over the last five years, and I don't want to see you burn a ton of time and money trying 13 different things, but somebody's got to try something, so please do go ahead and send send him info, whether that's digital or paper. I don't care. Obviously, Digital's faster.

Speaker 1  46:08
And then I Yeah, and then I hope you can bring some version of this conundrum to Perry, which is basically, how do we like? We know this is going to take work. We know we've got a test we also know we cannot slowly and carefully test everything under the sun. So how do we pick a few pathways to test and and get through the Strait of Gibraltar, or whatever you want to call it, without like wasting too much on any one pathway as a test, right? Literally, I'm asking, how do we develop this? How do we sensibly develop a legion system we know all the particulars, run ads, run offers, change your hook, change your angle, change your messaging, change your sales script, okay, that's awesome. That alone is enough to kill someone, though, if you don't happen to hit an early win. So how do we get through this sensibly, right? That's my question for Perry, obviously, as much or more for you than for me, it affects us both. But yep, okay, question for you, then let me turn the whole thing on its head. I feel like every single advertising channel think of it as human to human contact. Channel can work. Could be a phone call, could be a billboard, could be a TV commercial, could be a Google ad. I think everything can work, but every channel has its peculiarities, and someone, somewhere, knows those peculiarities, but we don't. A little microcosm. Example of this is the fact that Carson knows that Cole that's the mess, saying that the two things he's seen work are what he calls his partnership angle and his market research angle. So like even Carson, well, even Carson, that's a weird way to put that. Someone like Carson has apparently figured out, probably through experience, that going straight for the jugular, trying to offer or pitch somebody on a cold message simply doesn't work. I think that's how the world actually operates, and that's valuable data right there. But then Part B, okay, if the partnership angle works, that sure looks like it does what exactly needs to follow that, because I guarantee you there's something that works and a lot of things that don't. And so I'm just wondering, do we need to go down the infamous give value first track? Do we need to try selling coaching instead of lead gen? And how do we answer these questions? Do we just try? Try ODBC, try 21 day sprint? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  49:17
Well, I think, I think I have a hunch. Okay, one of McGee's assignments for me was please send out at least a hunt 200 postcards every month, and please send pick a number 10 shock and awe packages. And I think these are the people where, if you built a mailing list and you send them consistent value, and you just call them up. I mean, you could call you could do a whole other campaign. So. Saying, Look, I'm and maybe this is too you know, I love direct mail. I don't know why it's expensive, but I love it. But if, if you did a 12 week series, okay, imagine something like Perry's financial burning bus series or some equivalent, where they just can't get enough of what they're reading, and you put them on a direct mail sequence, because my hunch is these people love physical, tactile stuff, and and, Like, you know, I mean, I don't know

Speaker 1  50:59
the the so. So here's a humorous thing. I'm I'm massively on board with the postcard at shock and off package thing. The trouble is, it has the same problem. What are we offering? How do we even know what to offer?

Matthias Miller  51:18
Well, I mean, I think, Okay, here's a question, what do these guys hate? They hate these scammy marketers trying to rip them off, and people who charge money without results and who don't work for a living and they don't have to earn their their keep. We, we okay. There's this beat your chest. Badge of honor. I am a business owner, and I get paid on commission, and I get paid based on how I perform. You. What if I fill in the blank, like you schlep like you're just here in your ivory tower, collecting paychecks from people and ripping people off. I want to do business with you. That is the core mindset. So how do we come across the table and say, Hey, like, how do we join them in Alex or has this idea of movements where he says, We advocate for, we defend against, we have a plan for and there's, like, one other thing, he's like, that's how you build a movement. So how, how do we join them on the same side of the table and rant about exactly the same kinds of things where they're going, wow, like, like, I'm like, they're nodding their head and agreeing the whole way, the whole way through, yeah. So, so there's one angle in messaging. The other thing we know they love, it's free. They love free. And they love deals.

Speaker 1  52:54
And I would is that a sell them what they are, say how that's backwards. I was about to go out to go out to sell them what they want, give them what they need. But that doesn't work when you're selling free, right?

Matthias Miller  53:07
Well, I mean, maybe it literally is a and this is just a test, but the Facebook marketplace How to get free leads, and it jumps onto a flashing, glitzy offer page. And maybe this is completely backwards. Maybe it's mixed messaging, but normally, 290 $7 today, only counting down time bomb. $27 money back, guarantee if you do this and you execute the system for 90 days or for 30 days, and you you follow this thing and you don't get results, we'll give you a full refund, and we'll pay you $100 For the bother

Unknown Speaker  53:57
you're kind of barking up the you

Speaker 1  54:05
was that the Alex for mosey tree, I'm getting slightly mixed up between Alex for mosey and the Allen satanic guy, but either way, massive guarantees being your leverage point, basically.

Matthias Miller  54:16
Well, I mean, well, not just massive guarantees, but it's, it's scarcity. Like, you've just gotten this postcard, and we know when you opened it and like, well, I don't know. I don't think our ideal customers actually like, like, that kind of scarcity, but, but yeah, I mean, yeah, throw the guarantee on it. Surely we stand behind it. Incentivize them to put in the work. What do you do with them the moment that they buy, I think the moment that you buy, then or maybe you sell them on the community. The community is normally. You know, I that's hard to sell them into.

Matthias Miller  55:13
Um. It seems to me that something with the free leads, you know, infinite ROI, free leads kind of thing. Seems possible to get a bunch of people to raise their hands. Can you get them to actually buy I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  55:42
I might have lost you. Yep,

Unknown Speaker  55:45
Give me a moment here. I

Unknown Speaker  56:33
Okay, well,

Matthias Miller  56:42
here's a pitch that I could actually use. I could hit them, you versus me. And I have to think through the specifics of how to do this. But could also be like, Oh, you work on commission. Actually, I do too. I have to actually pay this guy to do the work. I can't figure out how to get him to work for free. Like, I don't. I have not yet figured out how to get smart, competent people who can get jobs, expensive jobs elsewhere, to show up at work for free. For me,

Unknown Speaker  57:17
that's pretty clever. I like it.

Matthias Miller  57:19
And also, like, I mean, your shed, your shed builders get paid on, you know, piece rate, don't they? Oh, and they, they get paid based on the work they put in. Oh, I mean, that's kind of, that's, that's exactly how, that's exactly how it works. For, for my guy, he's working on piece rate for every, every campaign he builds, he's getting, I don't know if that's possible. It's in, I don't know that they'll buy it, but

Speaker 1  57:49
anyway, cool, yeah, yeah. Okay, well, so next steps. What are we thinking?

Matthias Miller  58:04
All right, well, I can keep sending out information. I'm going to try to close Holly tomorrow. If so, that's her first cold it's first sale from cold traffic.

Matthias Miller  58:22
So because she still has she's a company that she paid three grand to, and they undercharge, and they're taking her forever to deliver, but on some e commerce integration of some kind, I don't know. I

Matthias Miller  58:49
and I'm also a little divided on I'm still a little divided. I know we talked about selling your Google ads, but a little divided about selling that versus Facebook. I don't

Speaker 1  59:05
have any problem at all with selling Facebook ads like I don't want there to be a division in your mind, in some ways, the chance, well, let me think about this. There's a really good reasonable chance that Facebook will be easier to well, CPL is going to be lower, volume is going to be higher. Can probably get started better out of the gate. Maybe I can't prove that, because they haven't done enough of it. Likelihood of success at the low end, I feel like is is higher with Facebook. The the trouble, what worries me endlessly is that all my Facebook friends are always telling me you have that sounds funny. My Facebook manager. Ad running. Friends are always telling me that the ends complain about those is the low quality. So that's all that worries me. But hey, can't promise quality on Google leads, either. So there's no reason not to sell it, to give it a try, is what I'm trying to say. I do not have any technical problems running it, and if we're doing lead form ads, funny enough for all of my endless objections about I'm not creative and can't pump out content for Facebook. Funny enough that barely applies to lead form ads, because not that much content or creativity is needed for lead format exactly and so like, it's just not the main headache of Facebook in general is constant creative production, and that issue doesn't exist when we're doing lead format. So, yeah, run with it. Run with it,

Matthias Miller  1:00:51
and let's see which way. Well, I'll lay it out and wait the person comes and just let her know exactly where's that and got your decision, hoping not to load her too much. Yeah, I

Speaker 1  1:01:05
assume that in general, when you have these calls, you're kind of using at least a bit of a diagnostic approach, just asking them what's working, what's not, what they want, where the pain point is right? Is that true? So at least we're getting some info along the way at some level. Yeah. Okay, awesome, okie dokie, seem good for now? Yep,

Matthias Miller  1:01:29
sorry, yeah. One other block. I don't want to take time for it now, but I do. I'm hitting a block on responding to messages and feeling very not creative about what actually works. I don't need to talk now. I'm going to, I'm going to see if I can install a conversation extractor in GHL, extract conversations and ask chat GBT for some help on how to handle gold cold messages, but or maybe get on the cold but anyway, be that as it may. Thanks. That's it. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:59
Thanks. Bye for now. See.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai