Matthias Miller  00:01
All right, what's going on? Right so starting yesterday, he was complaining about pain in his calves in walking instead it was a lot. Kind of. He went on a walk and wanted to read a little bit last night and then we came back, like after dinner if he was trying to get off his chair and lost his balance. I think due to due to them being tight he was sick earlier this week. He tried to get as much food and water and Dave as we could, but I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  00:37
We'll see sick with

Unknown Speaker  00:40
a fever brain runny nose. Yeah, cough loss of appetite

Matthias Miller  00:55
never really had any issues like this in the past. He's always been super active and never really has been one to walk in his tiptoes. Like it's it gets through that a lot, but

Unknown Speaker  01:03
it's the last time that he has

Unknown Speaker  01:11
I don't know,

Speaker 1  01:12
or like you said this week. So today's Friday. Was he sick on like Monday or Tuesday or I just needed like

Matthias Miller  01:19
Tuesday Wednesday? Yeah, I mean, he's been under the weather but like yesterday, he started getting kind of some of his energy back and ready to get around. But so So Wednesday, Tuesday

Speaker 1  01:31
say Wednesday is when you noticed he was sick. Yeah. Okay.

Matthias Miller  01:36
Don't remember if there was there, the kids had the sickness and I'm not sure exactly when I hit him, but

Speaker 1  01:42
okay, so other kiddos at home have been ill? Yeah, correct. Yesterday, you complain. On both sides, yes. And there and to be clear, he had no injury to those were wrestling with the other.

Unknown Speaker  02:06
No. normal situations. Yes. He probably would have but he wasn't up to that. I see that. That's cool.

Speaker 1  02:16
And you wanted to but he was feeling better. So he wanted to run around and play. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  02:20
well, I mean, he wanted to get out of the house. Last night he started being cooped up. So he went on a walk and he wanted to run when he was on his walk. But then he's also not been

Speaker 1  02:29
when he was running was he tiptoe running.

Matthias Miller  02:33
I didn't I didn't that was a paying attention. Where he was I don't remember him. For sure. He would have noticed even walking in appreciate his walking in flat footed afterward. We came back. So

Speaker 1  02:48
I know you think that yesterday when he complained about calf pain. That was walking normally

Matthias Miller  03:00
I don't know about I can I can text my wife who was at work. Yesterday during the day. I'm not sure specifically about that. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  03:10
But today he's still walking correct

Matthias Miller  03:12
last night. And and even toe walking he was complaining about pain. Okay. Last night, and this morning first thing when he got up doing the same thing. Even laying on the couch straightening out his legs complained about about straightening them out. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  03:29
So pain and the cats Yeah. Can you take off your shoes for me? Your shoes. So he's going to walk into this last night? Yeah. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  03:49
And no fevers yesterday, today.

Unknown Speaker  03:57
Can you get up and walk for me? Actually, he was doing yesterday during the day can you get up and walk please?

Matthias Miller  04:09
Walk to the wall and lock that to see is that hurt at all? No. Okay. He did. started complaining after his nap yesterday. Which would have been three o'clock

Unknown Speaker  04:31
yesterday afternoon

Matthias Miller  04:37
fairly high fever most of the day on Tuesday.

Speaker 1  04:51
Okay, so he'll sometimes complain of caffeine, with walking as like now he's not complaining about it.

Speaker 1  05:40
Spiral situs is

Speaker 1  05:51
do you have any pain here? As in your hips it all kind of died down here?

Unknown Speaker  05:57
No, no. Has it heard it all? Is it actually anywhere here? Oh

Speaker 1  06:13
this is great for that acute childhood myositis is mild and self limited. And with sudden onset of lower extremity pain during or following recovery from the vital illness

Speaker 2  06:23
presentation to walking or refusal to watch. This

Speaker 1  06:28
kid in this case report was prowling around the house well secondary to symmetric so both sides bilateral lower extremity pain that results quickly. Usually within three days in general no investigation is needed accepting severe cases for screening screening bloodwork and urine myoglobin tests can confirm the diagnosis and rollout complications so

Speaker 1  06:55
mild myoglobinuria and highly elevated creatine phosphate levels are rare but should be considered for admission for hospital okay.

Speaker 1  07:10
This is excellent and management has rest analgesia. I would think that you also would want to have

Matthias Miller  07:20
I mean, we did know he probably didn't get as much fluid as he should have tried to get it as much as possible but that's tough. So I could totally see that being either way. It's good. Okay, but it's possible that there's

Speaker 1  07:37
so I'm writing down what we could do. I'll take a look at him and see

Speaker 1  07:49
exactly what it is so it's viral myositis

Speaker 1  07:59
okay, buddy, let's get let's get you up on the table. Maybe

Unknown Speaker  08:05
that back up here in the general courses three Karasik. Respect hopefully

Unknown Speaker  08:29
I still here bogeys. Yeah

Speaker 1  08:39
let's take a listen to take a listen in front. You're doing great. I like the color of your glasses. Did you choose that? Yeah. Take a listen in the back I know it's cold. I'm sorry buddy.

Unknown Speaker  09:10
Ah we're gonna look in your ears. Let's take a look. Can I look on this side

Unknown Speaker  09:34
okay, good. There

Unknown Speaker  09:44
one What was it? II So, let's see here. Can you lay down for me please?

Unknown Speaker  10:01
Yeah, so if you don't lay down

Unknown Speaker  10:11
it's a little dramatic. There you go.

Speaker 1  10:14
So I'm going to move your legs and I want you to tell me that hurts when I do that. Okay. So, I'm going to start with this one. Can you let me move it? Does this hurt at all when I'm moving like this? So good. Okay, we'll do this. Like, does this hurt about when I'm doing this? Oh, okay, good. Does this hurt at all when I'm doing that? No. Does this hurt at all when I'm doing this? No. Are you ticklish? No. Now okay, what about here? Does this hurt? Okay, and on this side, is this hurt? No. Okay. Okay. Here does this hurt here? No. Hurt here? No.

Unknown Speaker  11:10
Okay, relax your leg like it's a noodle. Let's have you sit up come over and your feet are going to be here. Yeah. Relax. Relax. Can you give that a high five give that a high five with that hand is not distracting him. It's so relax your legs. So yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  11:48
No, play the drums

Speaker 1  12:02
Izzy ticklish. Yeah, it's hard to see. So he's not letting me stretch out his Achilles tendon very much. But I don't think it's a tendonitis. I do think it's more of this muscle myositis he's not saying that it hurts when I'm pushing on him. I don't think it's worth poking him and doing all these labs I would say so I'm on call this weekend pager that I'm carrying. So tomorrow Saturday so if Sunday he's refusing to walk despite like let's see, I'll tell you. Let's make sure he's drinking plenty of water. So myositis is basically inflammation of the muscle. And so with that, some of that can be released into the bloodstream. Sure. And that can then that protein is then filtered. By the kidneys and can cause kidney damage if we're not. This is extreme cases. So for instance, I saw myositis and a kid who was a teenager lifting weights in the summer didn't drink enough and did enough damage to his muscles, right. So we were exercising actually damage our muscles and we repair them, but didn't drink enough water and caused himself like kidney injury and had to be hospitalized for IV fluids and because of the extreme pain that he was having. So this is a different process than that but I think that drinking a lot of fluids will help prevent any other issues with this. Let's try more Tylenol. Tylenol is processed by the liver whereas Ibuprofen is processed by the kidneys, so let's try to do kind of more if he's complaining about pain, let's have to go to the Tylenol that being said I do preference better as an anti inflammatory that I just want that to be with food. Sure. Do that second line if he has breakthrough pain with the Tylenol this is just being super cautious. myositis and I'm I still think that he has an upper respiratory infection Bill and I can still hear those these

Speaker 1  14:23
muscles with or after a viral infection

Unknown Speaker  14:32
so

Unknown Speaker  14:34
this usually affects lower extremities young kids resolves on its three days

Speaker 1  15:01
water so I'm gonna say 40 ounces, or six steps per day. Just really be on it over the weekend. Doesn't take liquid Tylenol liquid usually. And I would just give it to him

Speaker 1  15:35
I would at least give him one dose and see if he starts walking normally leaders up to five times per day

Unknown Speaker  15:50
every four to six hours

Unknown Speaker  15:54
if he has breakthrough pain

Unknown Speaker  16:01
I know yours also with food

Speaker 1  16:10
body is not improved by Sunday. Taught me a call 92852000

Speaker 2  16:26
and asked to talk to the pediatrician on call.

Speaker 1  16:32
So for instance, what I could do is I could spend going to the emergency room. I could literally just ordered labs sure that you can get done at the hospital because it's a weekend so I can order and I can tell you know is the case

Unknown Speaker  16:58
face tease

Speaker 1  17:10
as I feel like he's doing well I don't think we need to do those lapses.

Speaker 1  17:26
So I would come back though if I lend a he's not walking normally

Speaker 1  17:41
the only other caveat I'm gonna put in all of this. So because I don't know him this is the first time I'm meeting him. There are some kids that are kind of sensory ish, meaning that they will get a certain sensation and just want to avoid that sensation or seek that sensation. And so after a medical illness, they might continue to have those symptoms even if they don't have the thing anymore because they get into a certain habit or are scared of feeling a certain sensation so an example of this is I've had a developmentally delayed child who had like a vomiting, stomach, the vomiting diarrhea, so every single time they drink, they would vomit, and they just decided to stop drinking. It's a very extreme case but even after the bug was gone, they were scared of vomiting. Yeah, so that's an extreme case. This is not as extreme but I'm just throwing it out there. Even if on Sunday or Monday he's toe walking. It doesn't necessarily need badness, right?

Speaker 3  18:51
Let me be checking his CFSP relax. Yeah,

Speaker 1  18:56
so does that make sense? Today he would not let me do this. So today I got to like hear and when you were doing high fives maybe here Michigan is resisting me stretching the back. So you can certainly try doing that. Like if you're just sitting there hanging out with him if he's on your lap or you're like hanging out on the couch. Just try to push on here. See what happens to on Sunday, Saturday, Sunday. All right. I put all of this in an after visit summary. So you have all of that information and like to eat. What I can't do is just copy this and would mom want to read more about

Unknown Speaker  19:43
probably yes. Yeah, you probably will want to know the details.

Speaker 1  19:49
So I will put some details in here and the paper that I was reading

Speaker 1  20:03
and that should just be available on the internet just

Speaker 1  20:16
spiral Miles was one of the first things that if you want more information, you could read that article. Sounds good, right? Oh my goodness, buddy. It was so nice meeting you.

Unknown Speaker  20:30
It's a nice meeting you get your shoes on

Unknown Speaker  20:47
did you want to get something from the treasure chest Okay. Appreciate it.

Unknown Speaker  20:57
like this one pick something out what do All right


Transcribed by https://otter.ai