Matthias Miller  00:39
If you want you can put the application ID which is no, Dwayne how are you? Good how are you doing? Trying to be quiet because lands on the phone we're apparently on the phone same time

Matthias Miller  01:03
and mark as you want here

Unknown Speaker  01:08
Yep, it is privatized. Mark

Speaker 1  01:16
Are you playing catch up today the way Wait sound?

Matthias Miller  01:22
Yeah, I have a good bit of automation that he do to presort my emails, but I had about 500 emails just to presort. And then I've got still 136 this point that require a little bit more than just presorting. So there you go.

Speaker 1  01:49
Well, we'll try to make this dark. No, you've got a 130. And I think we should be done well before then. But so I don't know. I think gave an email I guess I don't think we'll wait on Him if He shows up. Good. If not, we'll just continue. So if you have my email I just sent we'll just dive right in and

Unknown Speaker  02:23
Yep, got it. So

Speaker 1  02:27
accounts payable process. Wayne and I had a conversation with Josh this morning about how we believe the accounts payable process should work. It was something that came up on our Wednesday morning call I forget exactly what it was that we said when Wednesday. Yeah, I think Wednesday that we said I know what it was it was at a meeting with Larry Thursday morning, then and then we said let's talk this morning about how we think that process should work. So here's basically what we discussed this morning, is just how we're doing it now. And some of well, basically the conclusion was that we believe it should start impacting accounting at the point of purchase order is issued. And this point it's it's not that review our current process and backup one step this is obviously we've we haven't really looked at this process at all in any of our conversations. On talking accounting design, we haven't looked at origin of how we receive inventory or services and how we pay for them Josh just thought it would be good to bring you up to speed on what the current process looks like what we covered this morning, and kind of the the up to speed or your meeting with Josh this afternoon. So

Speaker 1  04:13
if you current price review our current process or process does not impact accounting until product or services are received. So how familiar are you with the current accounts payable process? Should we just look at that briefly just to bring you up to speed on what we're doing today. And why the changes we're talking about? That's

Matthias Miller  04:44
I've got some basic understanding. So I can't really tell you I mean, besides POS coming in, well, I've got a very rough bride and Standing but not really a deep understanding, so make sense to catch me up.

Speaker 1  05:06
So well then let's just look at the last page, the accounts payable verification report that we're using now. And this this process works okay or works well for inventory items. So basically anything showing up on this list means that cheating has confirmed they've received the product and we've done it through a match of the Oracle confirmation purchase order and invoice that, well, we receive what we ordered and invoice from the vendor matches the price that we were expecting to pay. So at that point that is of unpaid unverified which then goes to Barnstaple person in each district for them to review mark. I approve this and then at that point, Wayne's office goes in and change that changes that status to unpaid. That unpaid, verified, Dwayne, I think that's what it is. Unpaid approved. Approved. There's one on here that says unpaid approve. And then once a week, Whitney will then come in here and you can speak to this a lot better than I can. I don't know to see she does she see a report of only those unpaid approved and then she just goes through and actually pays those are? How does she? What form is she seeing?

Speaker 2  07:05
That's a good question. I don't let me go look something I don't remember if it's been so long since I talked to her about this. And obviously it worked. So whatever I was, but whatever we're doing actually works. I don't know how to get actually getting this information. Let me go check something. I wonder if I put the air Okay, since deposit, no. Accounts Payable, vendor invoices, ready for payment? Look at that unpaid, approved. Okay. Yeah, so I had built a I had built a report and put it in her personal folder that she uses.

Speaker 1  07:50
And then she obviously updates the status of paid ones when she pays because they then fall off this list.

Unknown Speaker  07:59
Correct. So that's,

Speaker 1  08:05
that's in a nutshell, that's the current process, we're using an accounts payable. We're not. Not we're not running pre what we call prepaid, like, primarily credit card, credit card receipts through this process, and so we were discussing, what is the best way to handle that? Initially, we thought, you know, to do that, we would have to create a purchase order for every fans in process it through this through this process. And talking to Josh this morning, that's how he came to the conclusion that if in be if, if they're having an impact accounting at the point of purchase orders issued? Well, a number of things one, that then we can go straight we can credit card receipts and skip the purchase order process and go right to invoice or do that right in accounting. So no, Dwayne, is there am I missing key points Josh just basically said to bring this up and kind of wrap what we were meeting this afternoon. There are key parts that I'm missing

Unknown Speaker  09:38
Did you were you asking me a question? Mark?

Speaker 1  09:41
Yeah, I was I was just asking you that I missed it gave

Speaker 2  09:45
gave a tried to call me and so I was I was pretty sure he was trying to get into this phone call. So I was gonna try and merge him in if you want to Matthias sent him a way to call and I don't know if he has it or doesn't have it. So I'm assuming that's what he was trying to do. David You went okay. Sorry, Mark, you were in the middle of asking me a question. And I was trying to conference gave and

Speaker 1  10:11
so I was just asking you, is there at? Uh, am I missing key points? From our conversation with Josh this morning that said? What I just covered?

Unknown Speaker  10:25
I don't think so.

Matthias Miller  10:30
So, am I right? Will you ever have a vendor invoice without a? I mean, this, this brings up a whole host of questions that I've got, I don't know that we have to get into them now. Okay. But I have questions like, what happens when you have a vendor invoice? And what happens when you have a Pio? And you get invoiced for half of it, but not the other half? What happens if half of it is coming later? What if half of it is never coming? What happens if Will you always have a Pio for vendor invoice? I think those are the big questions. And so I think still, you know, philosophically for how we're going to code the software, I don't think it makes there's I think we'll probably run this very similar to how we've been running buildings and sales orders as far as determining impact on accounting and doing a reconciliation. But at some point, we'll need to have those answers there. Title down?

Unknown Speaker  11:28
Man, I think we can go go through those quickly. Now. And I think most of those answers and if not, we can back with answers. Or unless you want to do it later.

Matthias Miller  11:48
I mean, we got time to do that. That's great.

Speaker 1  11:52
I think I mean, the other two won't take long, or at least not on my part. So

Unknown Speaker  12:02
go ahead with your list of questions again.

Matthias Miller  12:06
Will you ever have a Pio that has multiple vendor invoices?

Unknown Speaker  12:30
Don't think we do do we do? And

Speaker 2  12:34
if we did, why wouldn't we just break apart the original purchase order and assign the correct amounts out to the vendor to match the vendor invoice? I mean, we we dealt with some very similar things with coil in in EBMs. A long time ago, and I think like there was this giant purchase order for a whole bunch of coil and then it would come in parts and pieces and then we would get invoice for some of it or it was and I think we ended up just started splitting up that purchase order.

Matthias Miller  13:04
Okay, and then do you always have a purchase purchase order for every vendor invoice?

Speaker 1  13:10
No, that's why that was really why the discussion this morning. No, we don't like a phone bill or an electric bill or.

Matthias Miller  13:24
But and if you don't, then that'll get handled. If you don't that'll be handled as a GL entry, not through the AP module.

Speaker 2  13:44
Yeah, I think that's what so one of the key things that we talked about with Josh this morning was that we had this whole verification reporting side on Purchase Order side. And if we if we say, if we draw a line in the sand, and we say, on one side of this line is purchasing, the other side of this line is everything accounting. So purchase order is a very straightforward process where we we purchase something it gets received, it now crosses the line over into accounting accounts payable. And we have built verification reports that reflect that. And district manager signs off on where this gets a little bit unsure when you say just the GL entry. Can we build some kind of verification report on that set for those types of transactions as well, that allows us to go ahead if we don't need it, if we don't need a purchase order for it. And we want to basically go straight to accounts payable with it or straight into paying something essentially from the account if like they ran a credit card transaction or paid it with a check. Being able to have a district manager verify that information before it hits the books.

Matthias Miller  14:57
And so my conversation with Josh is around how do we do that? That right?

Unknown Speaker  15:07
Did I miss something on that mark?

Speaker 1  15:10
Well, I think there's two parts. One is, is we get an electric bill, there's no purchase order. Let's we get it, we get an invoice or something and there's no purchase order. Before go ahead and pay this $5,000. invoice you want the district manager to sign off on it, or it's clerk to pay that that's I think that's the biggest part of this. And then the other part is just visibility into say, credit card receipts, or handwritten checks at the office. Those have obviously like a credit card receipts, those all in prepaid, those have already been paid. So there's no a manager can say, No, I don't want to pay that $50. Breaker receipt for a lobster. They mean it's I think of it as you have one section of unpaid and the manager saying good to pay, good to pay good to pay good to pay or approve, approve to pay I approve this to pay. And the other side, we have ones that have already been we have to prepay the ones that have already been paid. The only thing that he's looking there is just what's happening. My cash and also doing a very high level verification is this. Is this have the correct account name.

Matthias Miller  16:59
It gives me enough to talk to Josh about this. So there is there are three big statuses. Was the PIO issued. Was the PIO received. And was the PIO paid. And at any given point, that Pio dollar value is going to that Pio is going to be in different places at different times. Right.

Speaker 1  17:38
Pio, Pio received your pay, you're saying in different? What do you mean by different places? Sorry, my accounting standpoint?

Matthias Miller  17:46
Yeah. From a tax standpoint?

Speaker 1  17:52
Yes. So I mean, obviously, to receive that means your while if we're talking inventory that your inventory has increased. If it's paid, then it means that checking has decreased. Pos issued while that was we talked about that some this morning. So if

Unknown Speaker  18:26
we're

Speaker 1  18:27
wearing accounting, so Appeals issued, were don't need your money is due until the product arrives. So we issue a Pio today, buy $1,000 worth of lumber, it's going to arrive in four weeks in those from the date. So, you know, four weeks from now, when that arrives, where would that live in accounting?

Matthias Miller  18:58
Do you know?

Speaker 3  19:02
Sorry, I missed the the last 30 seconds of the question, Where would the PIO arise? What was the rest of it?

Speaker 1  19:10
Know when when from the time of purchase orders issued? Till the product arrives? Where did that purchase order live in accounting?

Speaker 3  19:24
Well, in accounting nowhere.

Speaker 1  19:29
And so where we where we went with this was was so if we if we prepay an expense, we have to pay about 5000 We have to pay $1,000 upfront, we don't have a lot of those situations, but we do occasionally $1,000 upfront then that $1,000 that we paid would be an asset or a prepaid expense until product or services is received, at which point it would move from there. The other reason we we thought that makes tends to have that purchase order in the accounting system initially is, there are times when we receive a vendor invoice before product arrives. And if that happens the way it is, right now that vendor invoice just more or less sits in a holding tank until right product derive. If we have a purchase order from day one, then we would say, oh, vendor invoice tied to this linking to this purchase order. I see the product hasn't arrived yet, but it's at least linked to the purchase order until once product arrives and will process.

Speaker 3  20:41
I agree with the prepayment thing. Now, if there is no pre payment, where would you if you want to show it on the county? Where would it be on the balance sheet? Like? It seems like we're trying to create a double entry, zero and zero, which kind of is zero, right?

Matthias Miller  21:08
The only real reason you want to do it that I can imagine is if you want to do financial projections of some kind. But it doesn't seem to me like it's an actual historical event. I mean, there's to your point, like you haven't received the products, you own it, and you haven't paid for it. So there's nothing hitting the books.

Speaker 3  21:32
The prepayment would create an entry on the balance sheet. I'm not quite sure how how we would make the creation of a Pio affect the balance sheet. Unless we

Speaker 3  21:53
in a CST will know of the PIO right, like, I guess let's start to make sure I understand what's the difference between keeping track of the POS, in a sense, so we can pull reports and all that and having the PIO in the accounting system. Is there a difference between those two?

Speaker 1  22:22
Well, one, one example where I have to cut this off at 130 gave Matthias has a

Unknown Speaker  22:31
call or something at 130. But anyway, so right now the way we're, we're we're not handling it correctly, we're in the process of fixing that. But let's take

Speaker 1  22:43
what when we do an inventory count at the end of month, we count everything that we've received, which is that we have in our facility, which is correct. What we're not doing correctly is we're not looking at what how much of that has been received, but not paid. And accounts payable, meaning we still have to pay for that. The thought was to we would fix that as we would have a report that says Well, last day of the month $5,000 worth of materials received but not paid, and then that's your account. Payable, entry accounting, whereas having it in the accounting system would mean that we say no, instead of a lump sum 5000 We know that we've received these five shipments of lumber, each of them $1,000 worth $1,000 That will still need to be paid. And so being in the accounting system would mean that we roll all of those up in that status and that gives us a $5,000 accounts payable

Speaker 3  24:06
Okay, now, receipt of goods what you're seeing is receipt of goods will be a balance sheet adjustment, right. Like when we will bring both

Speaker 1  24:24
correct both of them our balance sheet a once a month, the receipt of goods is a balance sheet will be a balance sheet event at the end of every month once we do account unless we have it start hitting accounting like unless we change it to where So right now when we receive product, it just happens on the USCIS site and IMS it says oh we received this. I know how much this is worth we received this. If we do that in the accounting system, when we receive product it automatically would create a debt But in credit in the accounting system?

Speaker 3  25:04
Well, I understand materials and I understand and agree with receipt of goods should be a balance sheet transaction and a prepayment should be a balanced transaction. i The only thing I don't understand is how creation of a Pio would be a balance sheet. Adjustment

Unknown Speaker  25:29
I don't need to understand it. I think we're about out of time.

Speaker 1  25:36
Well, it wouldn't impact that. But is there a way to?

Unknown Speaker  25:43
To?

Speaker 1  25:46
They'll do that in on the accounting side, and it's just $0 until either product arrives or an invoice shows up? While until product arrives really?

Matthias Miller  26:02
Yeah, I think it's, I think it's reasonable to keep those views in the system and just not have them impact accounting. And so, you know, whatever point it just wanted to clarify. And then so products received, I just wanted to clarify that that's, that's where it's at.

Speaker 1  26:20
But when you say, keep them in the system, you're saying in, in the inventory management system, right? And not in accounting? Got it?

Unknown Speaker  26:36
So

Unknown Speaker  26:38
a few other questions, I don't know if we can cover any of those yet or not.

Matthias Miller  26:49
Give it a shot.

Unknown Speaker  26:53
So do we cover the questions you had?

Matthias Miller  26:57
I think I think that's good enough for me for now, we'll talk more about it.

Speaker 1  27:05
So too, is just you can just look over that. But this is basically the allerede the accounting processes using, he uses for credit cards. That one, the receipt companies turned in your debit expenses to great expense, and then you credit liabilities and have some type of credit card holding account. But remains until she is verified with a credit card statement or then moves to credit card accounts payable. account and remains there until the credit card statement is paid or then debit debit that account and credit checking. I don't know that that's really

Matthias Miller  27:53
your I mean, into that point. We also have a reconciliation process. So we can also flag flag it as we do. We do have a reconciliation process for credit cards. So we wouldn't be able to see what hasn't been verified with the with the credit card statement. If we want to do that instead of using two accounts, but if you want them showing up as separate line items, you can certainly go this route.

Speaker 1  28:16
Do you have the documentation or anything on how the reconciliation process works? Because if that works, then there's I don't know that there's one better than the other?

Matthias Miller  28:36
Let me see if I can get that. Okay. Well last point update from Joel Joel said he's working on it. We are working through we're talking this week. Jill and I are talking this week about some things with closing accounts and a few other things related to double double entry accounting. But my conversation will. So those are two separate things. He's working on the update. We'll get that over to you as soon as he's got that together. And meanwhile, we're working on on some of these additional issues. And we'll probably have some questions for you.

Speaker 1  29:20
Do you have any idea on when when he'll have that update? We're trying to it would be helpful to have that as ahead of our Friday development priorities call but

Matthias Miller  29:41
let me just let me see if I let them know that and we'll see how soon we can get it over to you.

Unknown Speaker  29:53
Yeah, sounds good.

Matthias Miller  29:57
Awesome. Should

Unknown Speaker  30:02
Thanks Thank you for that


Transcribed by https://otter.ai