Matthias Miller  01:21
Yo, yo Bienvenidos

Speaker 1  01:24
I was going to try and scare you to try to get my message on on watch McCollum signal.

Matthias Miller  01:32
Oh, I just thought

Speaker 1  01:35
I am going to I'm going to kill Facebook. I'm so sick and tired of fighting with them and trying to figure out how to add people

Matthias Miller  01:47
well sounds like Jonathan's This is insert sarcasm. Jonathan's media team is going to be out of out of a job the Indiana sales team wants one to start buying media on Facebook the sales team in Indiana wants to start running Facebook ads

Unknown Speaker  02:06
yeah wait you talk to me about that

Matthias Miller  02:12
about it. I mean, hey, I understand the value of it was like How about you guys submit ads and send it to the media team and they can test your ads against what they're writing? I mean, why not?

Speaker 1  02:25
I don't know did you just say no? Why go into the go into the business manager and see if you have a notification to approve someone because apparently Facebook's when you try to add somebody it says For security reasons we are notifying another admin to approve this and I'm like who you're asking to approve this.

Matthias Miller  03:00
Floyd needs approval for basic by the way what is he going to be doing?

Unknown Speaker  03:05
Just posting information pictures of sheds

Matthias Miller  03:12
we have anyway well what he's the only guy who's got access to this kind of thing hmm he's the only guy who has access to this kind of thing but all the other locations have their own independent truepoint backyards of location name

Speaker 1  03:32
yeah that's what I'm that's what I'm working on trying to improve for him so that he has a trip my backyard to Plymouth

Matthias Miller  03:46
Oh, he has no but he doesn't need access to the business account he needs access to just the page doesn't mean I'm trying

Speaker 1  03:53
to give access to the page but it will it refuses to let me it's the weirdest thing it won't even send them an invite till till I don't know. I'm I'm really confused.

Matthias Miller  04:12
Are you adding him by email? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  04:20
Okay, well, we got a mark here. marks here. This mark. You guys.

Speaker 2  04:29
I if you want to keep going, I can jump off and do other stuff. It's not like I am looking for stuff to do.

Matthias Miller  04:39
Well, I'm sorry, Mark, your time is valuable enough that if you show up on a call, we're pretty much dropping everything else and we're saying hey Mark.

Speaker 2  04:50
Okay, I used to work with a guy and if you handle him like that, he said, Okay, what do you want from me? Give me a flat or as well.

Matthias Miller  05:07
That's pretty cheesy, but I want what do you want? Let's get this. Let's work through the really agenda here and deal accounts for payroll module my proposal would be that we put this put the default settings on the employee themselves and be able to override it on a per timecard basis.

Matthias Miller  05:42
And or we just straight up copy it onto the timecard. Every, every time. Actually, I like that better. I think you started the defaults on the so you said the defaults, will rather than kind of, maybe it's fine. Do you really if you override it, do you really want that to be the new default, every time going forward? Well,

Speaker 2  06:11
but my thought had been so we have some people that this is my train of thought usually, somebody's going to be the same production guys production guy, week after week. So it's always gonna be the same. But let's say somebody is transitioning from production to into sales or to administrative, and then you would switch him over or maybe it'd be you'd switch him over when that happens. And then from that point on, generally but whatever it was switched to, but I don't have as strong as thinking that would kind of match reality or you know, real life situations but I don't think I quite followed your your train of thought you were you were saying setting set a default on the way like when you configure the employ have a default setting there with the ability to change on a per per week basis. And so the only difference would be okay, actually, I think I like your approach better it makes because if if somebody moves from one role to another, you would simply go in and change the default setting and it would probably be more or logical at least from a software standpoint to do it that way rather than always remembering what or looking at what was what was selected last time right

Matthias Miller  07:52
that's that'd be my thought. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  08:01
Oh, with that yeah

Speaker 2  08:13
okay, is that pretty straightforward? I mean, is it simply adding another record on the or another field or whatever on the employer

Unknown Speaker  08:25
yeah

Unknown Speaker  08:31
and can you do split split GL accounts per percentage

Matthias Miller  08:41
Yes, now

Matthias Miller  08:48
we need to know how this works

Matthias Miller  09:01
on the employee record the employee gets tied out to a company

Matthias Miller  09:21
builder gets tied out to a.

Matthias Miller  09:39
Know, right, and then the builder. So it's the employee district that would determine the care to determine which accounts are available. Yep.

Matthias Miller  09:58
All right.

Speaker 2  10:01
So in C, I just What information do you need from from me? into development? And then also timeframe? Is it something added to the test system? A July 3, or what are we looking at?

Matthias Miller  10:22
Is it just total? Sorry? Is it just total payroll costs that were whatever the employee gets paid? There's no like, bonus versus base pay differentiation.

Speaker 2  10:37
Know, if there won't be I mean, we could get a complicated, but I don't think it's I mean, yeah, we'll just look at total pay this period. And was, how much of it was in production? And how much was in every category? Yeah, just just total pay? By add it up like that.

Matthias Miller  11:03
I'm gonna guess. And then each payroll. Do you want one transaction per employee?

Matthias Miller  11:17
Well,

Speaker 2  11:18
you bring up a good question. So right now, that's how we do it. If I could pick, I would, I would pick that we have one transaction per paper per pay period. So if the company does pays weekly, I would I would vote for because we we now have the ability to break it up into the correct different GL accounts. And we can look at things like how much was this employee paid? for the year? Look, we have that within payroll module, I would prefer that it's a one done as a single transaction, payroll 20 People say it's 1000 for a pay period. That it that's one transaction but that also brings up a question in my mind. We This isn't playing here. We are not the compliance side of payroll will have to be done outside of assist. Right. Some reason I think there was a get into a whole set of other compliance things if you try to do that within like the withholdings and everything

Matthias Miller  12:48
I think about that

Speaker 1  12:55
it does. The original plan was to push all this to Whitney and then she does that through through QuickBooks.

Matthias Miller  13:11
Right, except you want to expense out the payroll immediately.

Speaker 1  13:17
Well, it's not just, I mean, it's not just expensing out the payroll immediately. It's also while she was going to do the the tax calculations and so forth on her side. We never planned for it on this side.

Matthias Miller  13:32
Doing tax calculations on our side is the cheapest way to do this is tie in with the payroll process or like gussto We're, what's the other major one paycheck to paychecks if we really, we really want to do that. No.

Speaker 2  13:56
If we continue planning for short term, we should just plan to go with Whitney but so is this how it would look like so payroll 1000 That's gross pay. So we would expense that to the great Ben's account. And then we would give that that information to Whitney she would take that into QuickBooks. And instead of the money she pays out after she's done the withholdings maybe instead of 16,000 to be 14,000 and then the 2000 is a liability to be paid to the federal

Speaker 2  14:54
so how would you But what's the correct way to do that? The accounting side?

Speaker 2  15:12
Let's break it down just to make it easier. Let's break it down to maybe an individual employee. So let's say his gross pay for a week is $1,000. And afterwards, that's his gross pay, but he only gets paid $920. So the

Speaker 2  15:37
you would still? Yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah, that makes sense. We would still debits and credits straight, but the $1,000 would go to say production, production labor, and then add dollars would both as a liability to her as a liability and the 920 would have to the well, yeah, to the accounts payable or what most checking. So checking with the lower banana and $20 $80, we're liable to pay at some point in the future. And 1000 would be charged in expense account. So your transactions would balance by thinking about that correctly?

Matthias Miller  16:30
Yeah, my question would be, at what point? Does this happen at the time of time of payroll verification, that we already have those withholding numbers? Or is there a subsequent process that says, Okay, we now have the withholding amounts? Or are those withholding amounts entered manually? So it makes sense to me, because first of all, it goes out to builders for verification, they say, yes, they sign off on it, then there's a verification process that freezes those numbers.

Speaker 2  17:08
Wouldn't Is there any other way other than, we won't know what the withholding numbers are. Until that information goes to Whitney and she does, she does payroll. Don't we have to just wait and to do any transactions for it to hit accounting until she does takes that information does her thing in QuickBooks and then she comes back in and applies that or enters that information enters those transactions? Or she enters it or somebody? Somebody would need to enter that after she's done payroll.

Matthias Miller  17:53
So really, what we're wanting to do here is I think what we want to do I don't know.

Speaker 2  18:06
I don't I don't like my suggestion, by the way. Well, I'm curious to hear what you have.

Matthias Miller  18:15
Okay, the fun thing is that some builders get paid weekly, or some employees get paid weekly, some bi monthly, some monthly as I recall, or it's something like that. Is that right?

Speaker 2  18:27
Yeah, I think we have weekly, bi weekly, and

Matthias Miller  18:36
it's monthly, which comes out the four to five weeks, something like that.

Speaker 2  18:45
If I'm remembering right. Yeah, I need to clarify or find out on that for sure. As far as the monthly but I do know we have. We have weekly and we have bi weekly.

Matthias Miller  18:59
And let me see if that's on the employee love. Let's see. weekly salary. That should be on the pay period. Yeah, I mean, we have the option for it. So and I think it's based on it's based on the Monday, how many Mondays during the month or something like that. I don't remember the specifics, but it's something along those lines, we've got logic for it. So so the fun thing is that okay, so we could so we can have a process by which you say, Go put together go create a transaction for for your grand total payroll module are for your grand total payroll, that's just you don't need to have that broken down by employee. It's just here's the grand total minus withholding

Matthias Miller  20:03
It seems to me like, okay, the what we need to do is the process by which you say, go create a transaction that has all of the debits ie increase of assets for production labor. And you fill in the credits to balance it out. And then Whitney has two line items 14114. Probably something for net payroll do I'm making this stuff up? I'm not an accountant. This is the Larry question. But a net payroll do a state taxes do are a payroll liability, a state liability and a federal tax liability. And she breaks out those three, and then she goes into the checking account. And for Aaron, you know, decreases the liability. And decreases checking account by net paycheck amount, et cetera, et cetera, for each of the people getting getting paid along the way.

Unknown Speaker  21:23
But, so, so we can, but we can lead the system? If if we want. But here's the question. So that the $1,000 a week Production employee?

Speaker 2  21:44
How much are we going to owe us too much are we going to increase the production? The the asset account? We increase that by $1,000 or $920 $1,000. So okay, things won't balance if we if we just post the $4,000. Immediately after verified in payroll module?

Matthias Miller  22:18
No, no. The other. Yes. That was why I don't know that.

Unknown Speaker  22:27
Okay, how are you going to handle that?

Matthias Miller  22:30
Well, we said we have, well, there's two ways you can handle it. One, well, we could post it to payroll liability. And, and Whitney fixes it up once he knows the tax amounts, and we can do it automatically that way. Or my my thought was, I mean, that gets your books, approximately right? It's probably more right than they would have been previously. Or you could post it to a temporarily temporary gross payroll liability and have a net payroll liability. And the this seems like overkill to me, but could be, but at least it won't. If you have a gross payroll liability, nobody will forget about it. They're like, why is there your balance sheet should always zero out that that liability. Option three is well, when he's going to have to run payroll pretty soon anyway. So I mean, people aren't going to be waiting around forever for their paychecks. Just let Whitney go just have a way to populate the transactions with the breakdown for the gross payroll amount. And let Whitney put in all the credits that she needs to make it zero out.

Speaker 2  23:47
But I just thought of something that so a lot of people use accrued payroll, same as accrued taxes. We and Larry uses it so that he pays bi weekly but so that he doesn't have those so that he's has a realistic number depending on where his month end, because some month you're gonna have periods and others too. We could have an accrued payroll and accrued payroll account, a liability account. And moment we

Unknown Speaker  24:31
are if we would, we would post all the payroll, the gross amounts to all of the different expense accounts and then we would

Speaker 2  24:47
$16,000 And we would also post 16 $16,000 to accrued payroll at that point, because that's truly what it is. And then when Whitney does her job She does payroll, then she does. She just does her sets of debits and she decreases that $16,002. You know, it should be zero. Part of it goes to banking and part of it goes to payroll, payroll liability or tax withholdings, liabilities or whatever we call it. Yeah. And it could mean I think that's that's really what accrued payroll is intended for. So that then it doesn't matter. You know, if we, if we post it on a Monday and Whitney doesn't do payroll until Thursday, or she does it Wednesday, or whatever it is, everything's going to balance as long as it's posted to accrued payroll and also to the expense accounts.

Matthias Miller  26:05
Yeah, well, that'd be fine. And then we could do that as part of the payroll verification process, the bureau verification process would take those breakdowns increase. So is the crew payroll is a is that a liability? matters in my case, but.

Matthias Miller  26:47
We lost Mark. Yeah. Well, I actually said that to Seth. He thought it was funny.

Unknown Speaker  26:59
Since your payroll

Matthias Miller  27:01
Yeah. Okay, here comes work. You're more Mr.

Speaker 2  27:09
Bass. I, I went to unmute myself and hit the wrong button. And

Matthias Miller  27:18
all of a sudden, I was realizing I was talking to nobody good doing

Speaker 1  27:22
you were Matthias and I were discussing crude payroll. We agreed that it was preferable to refined oil.

Unknown Speaker  27:34
crude, crude payroll.

Speaker 1  27:37
Yeah, it we keep talking about accrued payroll. And you know, it's a C ru, d not ACC u r. Ed.

Speaker 2  27:47
Yeah. So, I think when I hung up, Matthias, you were talking about the UDF. Is, is a crude payroll? That's a liability, I think is? Yeah. Well, I really liked that approach. I mean, it's, I looked at accrued payroll and said, it's not worth the hassle. Because it but now that I mean, this will give us an accurate representation of what really is happening.

Unknown Speaker  28:25
Yeah. It works just the same way as real estate taxes, you're always what, six months? Being six months. Good. Okay. You were saying we could make that as part of the verification process? What would be part of the verification process?

Matthias Miller  28:50
Sending that doing that transaction between Okay, during that transfer from all of the FTI accounts, and the and the accrued payroll account, when you when you verify payroll that would then post in there and the Yeah. The other thing I really liked this from the from a business process standpoint, I don't know if this matters to you, but if it's not if it's if it's in a separate account, it creates one more level of accountability. Like I mentioned, dear Whitney, why is there still money in accrued payroll? It shouldn't be there. It's pretty, pretty clear. Yeah. Okay, well, that. I think that's pretty straightforward. I will spec that out for oh, I don't know who To death probably maybe Nick who will be doing the development? Probably Seth, maybe Nick. Maybe them together? Can you have this added to the test system by July three kind of think so but not really in a position to make strong promises that it was work that was working on Saturday. And I asked him about it. He said, well, so he's been at Faith builders for the last, you know, school year. And he's like, something about work something about only spending money and not making any as as a way of motivating a young guy to put some extra hours in so we should be able to get some output from this summer the way it sounds.

Speaker 2  30:55
Know, what did he mean by like, is he saying that happy for any extra cash on or money on?

Matthias Miller  31:05
Yeah, yeah. Bottom line. Bottom line, he's happy making making some money again, so. Okay. data updates to should print this out on a separate sheet because I wanted to kind of be able to see this thing looks like it's gonna run a second copy. And I can see

Speaker 2  31:29
that didn't just says he's going to join for one and two, but obviously not, which is fine. I just don't know the asking. asking some questions in it. But yeah, as long as you really

Matthias Miller  31:47
spec this out in relay, especially number one is pretty easy to convey. Let me grab a copy another a second copy of two second. Look at this stuff.

Matthias Miller  32:08
Turnover count flibbertigibbet was sent across percentage.

Matthias Miller  32:16
I mean, effectively. Yeah. The only clarification I would make on this process, yes, number one data to be preserved. Take that set it aside. And then the only clarification is we're actually copying, creating a copy of the live system as the basis as the basis and then stopping in any of the of the preserve data.

Speaker 2  32:49
Oh, so we're basically making a copy of the entire live system? Yes.

Speaker 2  33:03
Got it. And then then we're bringing that stamping that data back in whatever it was in the test system that we wanted to. There generally, it would be something that we're testing that's updated, that is more current than what the live system would.

Matthias Miller  33:42
Yeah. Now, keep in mind that the only reason this is necessary is if you're in an I think the only time you need to do this is at the end of a week, when you want to pull in the new buildings that were built to rerun payroll, and in the middle of the week, it's as simple as a text message from Ben to our bot, to go kick off an update to the latest test assist or to the latest version of assist.

Speaker 2  34:20
Why does that? So you're saying if we make an update midweek rather than versus end of the week if we process to be followed?

Matthias Miller  34:35
Well, okay, so taking a copy of the live database and copying it to his test system. That is a that's like a that's kind of a power lifter move. And that needs to be Josh to do that migration and we need to do the exports and imports. The only reason why that's valuable is if there are building records in the law. have a system that need to be copied over. Now, hang on maybe I'm doing this completely wrong should be a little embarrassing.

Matthias Miller  35:20
We could cut through the noise and only export buildings from the live system and push them across into the test system.

Speaker 2  35:30
Well, is there is there other stuff that other data information that will want or will need, like data from IMS like to talk loads of? I'm not sure that. But yeah. Because if I see as testing accounting we're heavily in the test system. And for that, we'll need sales orders, we'll need transit records to know when a building was delivered, because that's a bunch of things.

Speaker 2  36:27
So what you're thinking is it good could potentially be much cleaner, if we just decide what information needs to be copied over from the live system that could be done at any, you know, at any point in time is fine what that is, rather than stumbling it, copy.

Matthias Miller  36:54
Maybe, no, but I don't know if I should have opened my mouth because you are going to run into all kinds of things with record dependencies and I think long term. Right now we might want a copy preserved Chart of Accounts, accounting transactions, etc. In the future, we might want to preserve a different set of information and I think long term, it is a better strategy to be able to create a test system as a clone of the live system

Speaker 2  37:22
Yeah, but then then we're also going to have the management piece of the set of data to be preserved going to change evolve as time passes as well. So initially, we'll have payroll module employee settings and then when that's all live running, working well then we're no longer going to maintain that in the test system. And we're going to start making updates in in the live system because we're not using it and unless we communicate that this does not have to be no longer has to be exported and then imported back in also run into trouble there like we go live and then we make a period change to an employee record in a live system and assist is still or anytime we do an update to the test system. We have to stop that point we have to stop exporting for a module employee employer settings otherwise we'll always be getting the the old Asian or the old settings that has system back back in when we import again. Yeah, but I mean, I think that could be seems like it could be managed like we would have to communicate that we are live with payroll module now we're using that so don't there's no longer needs to be part of the export import. We do an update

Matthias Miller  39:21
I mean one of the things we could put in place as part of the implementation process the Go Live go live date is is removed the Go Live for payroll module then remove those imports and exports for for payroll and on the on the go live or accounting remove Remove those

Speaker 2  39:51
so is that that sounds like the best option so far is that are you calm? I'm fine with that, or do you feel like that's the direction we should go?

Matthias Miller  40:02
Yeah. That we just

Matthias Miller  40:23
Hey. So then Josh, I will talk to Josh, this afternoon, Nick are sorry, Seth said that the imports and exports is taking quite a bit longer than he had. And he says he thinks he should have it done yet this afternoon. And I will

Matthias Miller  40:46
go ahead and do.

Unknown Speaker  40:56
Meeting Agenda

Matthias Miller  41:03
okay. So yeah, let me talk to Josh, exactly how to do the data, import and export. Okay, no, let me let me go back and answer your question. So do you need to pull new building record sales orders, transit records, etc, in the middle of a week?

Speaker 2  41:27
Well, I mean, if we're testing, potentially, yes, but it is. What keeps us from doing making so that we can do a data? Like what updating the test system just never really pleased, is that there's a lot more work to set it up. Wow.

Matthias Miller  41:54
It's, it's more work. But if and it's kind of the do you want to go to all that work? If we're not sure how much we're gonna keep doing this. But here's the the grapevine that Josh has got extra time on his hands. And I think the I guess one of the there's two questions for me is from me, I think, if Josh does it by just manually, we should normally have a next business day, under most circumstances have a next business day turnaround time. Is that good enough? Or are you guys pushing to see it happen pretty much real time? And yeah.

Speaker 2  42:35
No, I don't know that. I guess I'm questioning myself questioning whether we if we're not best off to just do it weekly, ever at a scheduled time? Because what really, are we going to be working on testing whatever, that we can't go back and look at last week or the week before? Is that data? Or would that? It seems to me like so is this going to be a completely manual process? The the import, export import, and also the copy? Copy over the Josh does?

Matthias Miller  43:26
Yes, until Josh gets started doing it manually. And besides he wants to make it not be as painful.

Speaker 2  43:36
So and while Josh and Seth need to coordinate on timing, or is this the export import that says is doing something Josh will just do that when he when he does the copy over?

Matthias Miller  43:54
Let me check with Josh on that. I mean, there's two ways we could go. One is we could have somebody like Ben, every Friday, run the run the exports and then import it back in or drew or whoever it should be. And then import it back in the morning. Or going

Speaker 2  44:17
or? Well, I think a weekend to get just planning for a weekly schedule. Sometimes, you know over the weekend. Ideal and I'd say just Yeah, talk with Josh. Let me know. Let us know what that schedule looks like if we have you know sort of

Speaker 2  44:41
been those that was obviously don't want to do any testing right into Monday morning when that process

Unknown Speaker  45:08
Come back with a schedule but schedule for updating test system

Unknown Speaker  45:21
yes

Speaker 2  45:35
now this first wow okay yeah let's let's keep going because then b we cover some of the testing we want to do so base then on on best

Matthias Miller  45:54
payroll module for testing I mean I think we are waiting on Seth is wrapping up the imports or the exports imports if he gets those wrapped up it's well we can't do the I mean the turn of accounts timeout but we can start testing without that seems to me and and so good

Unknown Speaker  46:27
No, no, go ahead I interrupt again.

Matthias Miller  46:30
So it seems to me like we could copy over a test system this evening if Seth does get his stuff wrapped up by end of day and and we could start as early as tomorrow

Unknown Speaker  46:51
okay, because I was thinking there's it wouldn't work for him to update make his payroll module updates to the test system. And we start testing that

Speaker 2  47:07
this afternoon yet, would it because what we'd be entering initially would be employee configurations but if you know if it's tomorrow morning, then that's fine.

Matthias Miller  47:23
No, that's not a problem. I mean, if you're entering any anything that's going to be exported out for sure, why not get the information in there

Speaker 2  47:34
if if we if we do that then he would have to make his his updates last round of updates to the test system so that we could start entering there's there's some updates that need to be made so that we can enter that information

Matthias Miller  47:56
I mean, I can wait to enter which information

Speaker 2  48:04
the like the employee configuration there's fields on there that are non paid I think the non production rate is something that needs to be development for that needs to be but on the test system where we can enter like figurations

Matthias Miller  48:31
I can kick off an update of the test system right now. And you can see the latest ones actually tell you what there's an easy way to do this it's as simple as a

Unknown Speaker  49:09
money

Matthias Miller  49:37
well, this is only supposed to take about I was gonna do my little text message around and that's not working for me for some reason.

Matthias Miller  50:03
try one other method here

Matthias Miller  50:39
I'll keep my eye on it and see if it updates the

Matthias Miller  50:50
so if that's the case you can start entering as soon as worth a call cost allocations So, for Drew, we do need a copy of the live system made either tonight or tomorrow night so you can start testing that right

Speaker 2  51:11
Yeah, well, yeah so what we're hoping to do is is here's our plan we took about three weeks worth of of buildings off of a report that Nick Miller then of buildings that have been built and we're going to put those in a spreadsheet and use the standard costing that's there and then enter a fictitious actual costs for that period and do the cost allocations and then that tells us what it should be and then we're going to try and do the same thing in the test system once we have those buildings entered enter the same fictitious actual costs and Oh, hopefully I end up with the exact same numbers there's rounding stuff and there's but that's that's the plan that in on the report that Nick sent there were also which buildings are still in inventory, which fillings have been sold. So do you see anything that wouldn't work? Like is there seems like the buildings Wow. Yeah, the building records the invoice records, the transit records those are the only things will have to copy to the system in order for a test system to allocate the if the test isn't the information it needs to do that the cost allocations are there other parts that will be missing

Matthias Miller  53:12
anything near these we need to preserve.

Matthias Miller  53:43
We'll need to preserve FTA actual cost records and FTA financial allocation records

Speaker 2  53:57
okay, but Okay, so we we won't have a way to enter a fictitious actual cause for testing this.

Matthias Miller  54:13
Yes, we will. But will we want to preserve those fictitious actual costs from one update? Or will you want to from one to the next?

Unknown Speaker  54:34
Not sure. The only reason for preserving them would be to see if

Speaker 2  54:42
something didn't didn't work correctly on one. Where would we use them if we would preserve them? I'm not sure

Unknown Speaker  55:00
I almost think that we wouldn't, we would not need them using it for testing, but maybe missing something,

Matthias Miller  55:13
we will need to, but we will need to preserve FDA financial allocation information.

Speaker 2  55:23
Because if we do this because we'll need to know what period that allocation was for if we if we don't preserve that, then we're back to

Matthias Miller  55:37
what this is the we need to we need to know the rules on which accounts get tied out to what and if we don't preserve that, you'll have to manually re enter that in order to rerun. We run it

Speaker 2  55:57
Oh, you're saying to which Yeah, even if we just enter a fictitious we manually enter a number, then we won't need to know the source. GL accounts where their numbers are coming from, but we'll need to know. To disperse them to

Matthias Miller  56:15
you can't create account. You can create accounting transactions that don't aren't tied to an account. Even if it's fictitious.

Speaker 2  56:31
I'm wondering if we if we should on this if we should? Well, I guess we're talking about updates now. I guess I'm getting ahead of myself. So the updates you? I guess depending on Josh's availability. I mean, do you see that as being possible for by Wednesday?

Matthias Miller  56:58
Seems like Yes.

Speaker 2  57:01
Okay. The other thing, I was wondering if we should did Plan C, if you have any availability? Wednesday?

Unknown Speaker  57:13
I don't know. 11 o'clock Eastern, just because kind of walk us through the a bunch of questions that we had on seeing the cost allocations. I think a lot of it had to do with not having billing records in

Speaker 2  57:36
in the test system, but where do you enter your period start and end date and a lot of that stuff seemed? Who wasn't looking in the right place? Or I think it had more to do with billing records not being in but what I was wondering is if if you would have availability, said 11 We spent 30 minutes going through a bunch of questions. He asked and then if there's questions by one then we could around but

Unknown Speaker  58:15
how does your day look on Wednesday?

Matthias Miller  58:17
Yeah, that'd be doable. Do you have a preference for that? Over 10?

Speaker 2  58:25
No 10 would be let's do 1010 10 is

Matthias Miller  58:30
better for me. I will send him and then invite with the Zoom link. Drew and good. Now I just actually put that note Oh, I really put that the wrong time. Let's do 8am to 8:30am in the same day preferably. Sounds good?

Matthias Miller  59:14
Alright, development implementation status Asset Management. I talked to Ellison Joel on it. This is waiting on Joel's review. Review. Ellis wanted to push cash flows before Asset Management. I communicated to him the cash for the asset management is a higher priority than cash flows. He still wanted to push through it in that order, because cash cash flow just because it's top of mind for them for efficiency sake. So both of the both one and two are waiting on Joel's review. Plan integration. Dwayne part of this is an update from you as far as the compliance issue on your end of doings off doing something else. So we do need to surpass the compliance review Want to get production access, which we'll need to pull this information in? Which I think it was at least some of the banks. And I'm also I've got time blocked on my calendar, keep plugging, plugging through the actual plant integration like the the entry from plan into the accounting system. And maybe having a conversation with Josh about offloading some of that over to him. But I kind of think we're at the point where it's, it's me, not him, but still still hoping, hoping and play well, so planning to have some foreign plan integration done by our priorities meeting.

Speaker 2  1:00:41
Okay, so is the compliance. That's something that Dwayne willing to do or what we're, who's responsible for the compliance.

Matthias Miller  1:00:50
It's in Dwayne's, doing squirt?

Speaker 2  1:00:54
And he has everything he needs on on that? Yes. If that's probably bad. I mean, if he's off until 17, then like, it'll be after that. But okay. One other thing I did not add here is the

Speaker 2  1:01:25
the, like, ACH integration. I know, we talked about it early on, but

Unknown Speaker  1:01:33
at some point, you know, obviously, once we go live with accounting want to be able to pay invoices directly from assist. I think it was that part that you were, you had talked about?

Speaker 2  1:01:54
Dubbing some of that work to another firm from third party, another firm from India or somewhere? Like, where where is that going? Or how does that, that look? Making sure that we want to move to doing what we think we do move to paying all of our events to paying anybody we can with

Unknown Speaker  1:02:18
Ach, rather than feeling a check, and then there's just a whole bunch of reasons why ACH is is better way to go. And there's?

Unknown Speaker  1:02:37
Well, so yes. First question is, is that? Are there other payment options that say that we should be looking at that of ACH? Are there better ways of

Matthias Miller  1:02:59
sending daily Zell friends transfers by you know, however much per day up to the maximum? I don't know. That I think ACH is kind of a standard I don't really know that I'm super familiar enough with other options. I do know that of the that that gave has been in conversation with oh, I can't I think it was name

Speaker 2  1:03:34
Qurban Martin. Yeah. Yeah, that's it crystal clear communications and because yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:03:48
So

Matthias Miller  1:03:56
that's another thing that hasn't made it on, kind of, well, I guess here's the question. We're just gonna play this play this out.

Matthias Miller  1:04:09
I think Josh is a natural guy to implement ACH. Do we want to do ACH via stripe? Or do we want to take that take this chance to take a look at clear communications and see if, you know, see, see what that might look like?

Speaker 2  1:04:28
I think we should explore our options. I mean, the other question the other question is, even if we write out checks is there in it there's no integration that needs to happen or be built for that site is there you know if we're gonna mail out

Matthias Miller  1:04:52
you guys do check printing

Speaker 2  1:04:55
I mean, Whitney does we don't Yeah, from quit using QuickBooks but Is there is there integration that needs to be done? Development that needs to be done there.

Matthias Miller  1:05:09
We have some basic support project printing, we haven't taken a look at it and.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:24
Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:05:33
So am I correct that what will need to end what will want to end where we'll want to end up is having some type of

Speaker 2  1:05:44
integrated method to pay their invoices? Yeah, big branding, or, yeah, hopefully we get that too. Found that 20% of our invoices are actually print out checks and the other 80% are paid ACH. Or we also do you know, the box stores or the people that don't charge a credit card premium. Also pay a lot of vendors using credit card. I don't know that there's any automation that can be done on that side.

Speaker 2  1:06:26
So it seems like what we should one of the things we should be focusing on is setting up for ACH. We're okay, we're ahead. We left that as far as was that just a something that's nice. It would be nice to have and we haven't done any development on that. Or have we started with that.

Matthias Miller  1:06:46
We have not done any development. This is we had started working through. I don't know where we left off

Matthias Miller  1:06:59
but it's under QuickBooks equivalents.

Speaker 2  1:07:07
Are you suggesting that this is something we put on Josh's plate? And more on that

Matthias Miller  1:07:18
seems like a natural fit from my perspective, I'm going to assume you're you're running these off of vendor invoices or something

Unknown Speaker  1:07:35
like these off of

Matthias Miller  1:07:39
vendor invoices.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:43
The Ach,

Matthias Miller  1:07:45
ACH. Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:07:54
Honestly, I'm not sure exactly. I think the way we need to doing it now it's just if a vendor set up. That's the default payment method, then she has that information stored in QuickBooks, and she just pays via ACH.

Speaker 2  1:08:16
So what as far as next steps on that ACH. That's something that I bring up with Josh on our Wednesday call or what what process should we? That's the right,

Matthias Miller  1:08:34
well, if it's literally as simple as Yeah, I don't know how Whitney's doing. I'm gonna assume somewhere she's got some kind of place where she can import her input routing and account numbers. Or something along those lines, and she's not hand entering those every single time.

Matthias Miller  1:08:59
How much? I think the question is, how clear are you what Josh needs to do? How much of this is still a business process discussion of how should ACH be initiated? And perhaps if we're unclear on that, it would make sense to get that get some clarity before we ask Josh to go build something that we don't know what we need.

Speaker 2  1:09:20
Yeah, well, that's probably what we we cover that for like the but why don't we go through four and then circle back in? Medici age

Matthias Miller  1:09:39
right. We exist, their existing AP report in the accounting module.

Matthias Miller  1:09:53
My older siblings when I ask them these questions like this, they always had two words for me. Very careful. really

Speaker 2  1:10:04
mean then you know that it's not easy and it's takes more time to explain then

Matthias Miller  1:10:16
Yeah, exactly it may have been a little bit of a let's call down this younger brother question syndrome let's just keep rolling

Matthias Miller  1:10:31
all right, as I recall okay let me see if I've got this I shouldn't have this in the client proposal I remember I vaguely remember copying this and

Matthias Miller  1:10:47
okay accounting

Matthias Miller  1:10:59
search for AP account notes no

Speaker 2  1:11:06
I have on I'm seeing 7.3 You have accounts payable? No no is this hot

Matthias Miller  1:11:20
think one of the big questions of this is the accounting impact I don't know.

Matthias Miller  1:11:35
Fair warning my brains just a little on the exhausted side here and going through all this stuff.

Speaker 2  1:11:41
Well, I was going to I was thinking, Should we just wrap up here and then start fresh? Wednesday on the accounts payable integration? Well

Matthias Miller  1:11:57
or do we need to be honest about ourselves to say that the priority is not its Accounts Payable but its payroll module. Accounts Payable is taking too much mental bandwidth for us to get to right now. And perhaps AP isn't actually going to get done this sprint

Unknown Speaker  1:12:22
Well, if that's the case reality then then we probably should be honest with ourselves I was looking at it more like let's figure out the design and thinking there's not the next thing on the list to design but say let's let's focus on payroll module getting that way implemented tested and started do

Unknown Speaker  1:12:58
that and the FDI cost last allocations and yeah, we can just we can focus focus on that

Matthias Miller  1:13:15
I think you had said Do you remember that thing you had sent about about when you'd sent something about AP impact somewhere? Do you remember that like I asked what sort of accounts hits when

Speaker 2  1:13:40
can recall right now I was thinking that you had most of that covered in your no that was I guess that was sales order accounting impact going blank right now.

Matthias Miller  1:13:56
He's back in accounts payable process ah ha No Maybe

Matthias Miller  1:14:12
Okay, here's one from March 30 have concluded it should impact accounting at the point of purchase order is in is created I think there's another one since then let's see if I can find it was approved for development that's not it to show some shops

Matthias Miller  1:14:34
let's do let's just do from Mark

Matthias Miller  1:14:52
actually gives you the slider thing from me to mark Mark

Matthias Miller  1:15:14
is AP and as my seven ninja invoices.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:33
Now

Matthias Miller  1:15:53
well okay, well if sorry, go ahead.

Speaker 2  1:15:58
Well, I was going to suggest that maybe I spent some time in because I think I'm a little clearer on some things now than a month ago on how that should the impact that should have on accounting and if I think helpful if I draw some, if I put some details together on what I think would be ideal on that. And then once they have that then we could review in this this really needs to be able until the next sprint are let's start doing parts of it

Matthias Miller  1:16:51
if if you had to choose if you had to choose two things to be done by next well actually here's the other thing. Dwayne development, where he's going back to

Matthias Miller  1:17:13
this priorities, we go back to the priorities that we had. Back then we said

Unknown Speaker  1:17:24
focus was

Matthias Miller  1:17:30
just accounting. Yeah, that's that is. That's not it. We hit it, we hit it after one call. So that's good. If you had to choose between plaid, AP impact payroll module implementation

Matthias Miller  1:18:00
I mean, cash flows and cash flows and asset management are kind of outside my court if you had to choose between those those three are the main ones in my court, okay to choose between them unless there's something else I'm missing two of those three, which which ones would you put at the top of the list? Plan

Unknown Speaker  1:18:21
AP integration and payroll module? Yes.

Speaker 2  1:18:35
I would put payroll module and AP integration

Speaker 2  1:18:46
at the top payroll module, not because we need it, but because when they do it well fits here. And I think that one's the smallest. I mean, that one's it's going to be bigger than I expect. But I don't it to me it doesn't feel like something that it's we've done a lot bigger. And the other thing is, once we go live with it, it's guaranteed to be cleaned up and accurate. Short or it's not like something that's going to limp along for a long time just because of critical nurse that payroll touches. So

Unknown Speaker  1:19:26
like three years Mark maybe

Matthias Miller  1:19:35
it wasn't the first time.

Speaker 2  1:19:36
But when how many years ago was that day after Thanksgiving that we had a very animated discussion on all kinds of

Unknown Speaker  1:19:50
that'd be November. Well, November it'll be three years.

Speaker 2  1:19:55
And for you at spend, I think almost all day, Thanksgiving Day for prepping for that and then

Speaker 2  1:20:07
oh, wait, I'm glad you're on. I don't know if you heard our we were talking about the priority of those three. Were you on for that?

Speaker 1  1:20:14
Yeah. Yeah, I've been here I, I wrinkled my nose up at not doing plan. But hey, I mean, it does seem like accounts receivable reporting has gotten a lot better. And I hear less about it. So we probably can. It's probably right, getting payroll module done while Seth and Nick are available and accounts payable stuff tied tied in. I mean, you're probably right, I wish. I wish for the blood stuff just so that we could be tying all of that out. But it's, it probably is lower priority.

Speaker 2  1:20:56
Well, okay, on plaid. If you were on when we we covered that a little bit ago about the compliance. That's how much work is there on your site Dwayne for the compliance?

Speaker 1  1:21:15
I have, I have no idea I sent I sent Whitney an email to see if I can get the credential so I can get this moving. But

Unknown Speaker  1:21:22
I have no idea. Until I kind of get in there and see what's the deal with it.

Matthias Miller  1:21:29
Three page questionnaire. So if you've done I suspect, Dwayne, if you've done other stuff with PCI compliance, it shouldn't be a breeze. I don't think it should take 15 minutes 30 minutes maybe, to complete. Maybe 30 closer to 15. But then there's still the we got to wait for them to get back with us and tell them what they like and don't like about it? Or if it's proved

Speaker 2  1:21:57
that way, and is it? Do you think it's realistic that we believe in? I mean, if you don't have it approved before we if we don't have that piece before you leave for vacation? That puts us right at at next sprint anyway?

Speaker 1  1:22:12
Well, it'd be unrealistic to think I'm gonna have before then.

Speaker 2  1:22:18
Okay, well, then, that answers our question on priorities, I guess. Wow. I don't know that one. It changes the priority of them. But you're saying that's kind of the reality is plaid won't. You won't have the compliance thing completed anyway. Before before then?

Unknown Speaker  1:22:38
Well, yeah, I. Yeah, it would be a little bit unrealistic to try and get that in, in this week yet.

Speaker 1  1:22:52
Unless, unless she gets it back to me, I'll take one look at it and go this is simple. I'm just hammered it off. But it's never that simple.

Matthias Miller  1:23:03
So, Mark, I have a offer that you're going to both love and hate. And a time like this afternoon to work on plan. And I don't know how much time you need to get that draft of the AP stuff together. But if you want to take a break 15 to 30 minutes here. I can stretch my legs and clear out my mind a little bit. And you want to regroup from three to four to work on AP stuff. I would have availability for that.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:37
All for Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:23:39
Okay. What time do you want? Join? 15 minutes? 30 minutes? What's good for you? Let's

Speaker 2  1:23:44
do let's do three, three o'clock. I got work for you. We go three to four. If one quick question. The did payroll module update because if so I want it to be sent sent Wayne what we have one employee configuration so that we can start with that.

Matthias Miller  1:24:11
claims it did but it's not updated. Let me let me take a little bit of this time and dig into it and see what's going on what actually update.

Speaker 2  1:24:26
Okay, yeah, just let us know once that's updated, Dwayne. I'm going to ask Aaron to send you the employee configuration stuff that he has ready. And we can Yeah, then as soon as it's updated, and you have time we can start entering it I guess. You going to have any availability this afternoon, or are you going to is that something that you're going to have someone else do anyway? Well, backing up, I'll send we'll send you that information so that you have it. And yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:25:08
that'd be good.

Matthias Miller  1:25:12
Dwayne, if you're out of compute capacity, I have no idea what Ben's availability is here. But if you do need, Ben's got some, at least some familiarity. I don't know how much. But it's possible that I don't know. That's the most efficient thing. But in the interest of keeping things from getting gummed up.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:33
For Well, why don't

Matthias Miller  1:25:35
entering settings into the into assist?

Speaker 1  1:25:38
Oh, well, I mean, most most of that payroll stuff is from configuration is pretty straightforward and easy. So yeah, it's not, it's not rocket science.

Speaker 2  1:25:52
Let's do this as Matthias. Once that's updated, notify us and then I'll have Aaron reach out to you. And just, I think it'd be good before he does, completes all of the others. There were a few fields that just walk through the one of them that he had, make sure that giving you all the information that you need, and then getting one of them nailed down. And then once we have that he can get those completed and sent to you pretty shortly. Good.

Matthias Miller  1:26:29
Cool. Good, good. Well, we'll talk in half an hour.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:35
Okay, sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:37
All right. Thank you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai