Unknown Speaker  00:14
Hey, can you hear me?

Matthias Miller  00:16
Yep, I can hear you.

Speaker 1  00:17
I'm essentially out driving and running errands. But I can talk. Okay,

Matthias Miller  00:23
I gotta go screenshare won't matter.

Speaker 1  00:25
I won't play with you anyway. Okay, so helped me out a little. So let me just make sure we're on at least swimming in the same motion. So here I am, I'm living my life being a media buyer, one day while talking to you, and you didn't even say this, I don't see it completely at random occurred to me that it's possible for the client to run figures that would prove that they lose or gain either way. And my whole point was we didn't know money, doing retail with our leads versus delivering wholesale orders. And I just like it crossed my mind. And I basically said to you, and I actually said without telling the client, basically, I wanted to know if that was real. Or if I was measuring that end, I'd like to know before it occurs to the client, some day thinking like months or years from now. And now all of a sudden, we seem to have arrived at the point where the client is familiar with the whole thing and like what happened?

Matthias Miller  01:23
Not familiar with the whole thing, okay, it's not about retail. Let me give you just a little bit of context about how this culture works. Sure. My brother spent taught school in Amish school. He, and he went to YWAM, which was completely off the wall for anybody in our in that kind of community came back and plugged in and taught school for a number of years. And then hung around and led led youth group, kids on mission trips, did stuff like that. And everything was fine. Everybody appreciated what he was doing. And one year he takes the kids on a mission trip. And they don't know the full details, but he had them watching some kind of Bible study series. And word got out that he was they were watching something on DVD, which is like, you know, not looked upon very nicely. And rather than having a conversation with him about it, they have a meeting, and did they remove him as youth leader? And say, we can't have that? No, let's talk about it. What were you thinking? What's going on where you coming from? There's a problem here, nothing like that. This is a, this is a pattern across the board with people who have been raised Amish, or who are Amish. Yep. My, my business colleague who runs the operation side of things, has run into this more times than you can count. He's in the middle of this with the rent to own side of the business in which they don't like the terms. And right rather than saying, can we change the terms, they are trying to rent to own vendor. And it's going to be a bunch of software work to make it work. And now the since all this stuff came to the surface, the main RTO vendor was willing to renegotiate their terms and come up with some kind of favorable, favorable condition, which is basically matching with the other RTO vendor would have done not realizing that this was this big of a deal, this big of an issue. And so it has been, I have been aware they've made some comments here and there about maxing out their budget. So I've been aware that it's it's maxed out, the issue is not the issue is that they are liable to say. We think it's a marketing problem. Okay, getting them to stare at the sales stare the sales problem in the face. I don't know if it's been my lack of leadership. It may have personally been my lack of leadership and experience. But it's also a bit of the clients. The client does not, in my opinion, does not have a fantastic grasp of leadership when it comes to sales. And well, perhaps there's some leadership gaps, more broadly speaking, as you can understand. And so, through a series of events I don't think that your thought was just a passing thought. Don't believe that was coincidental at all, by the way. And my assistant last week brought up the very same question around objectives and What are the objectives for the project in every meeting them and are they being measured and are reprioritizing in alignment with them I got a call from I woke up at 230. And this is one of those, you know, take it or leave it is what it is, we'll get to 30 this morning, because our youngest son had to use the bathroom, took him to the bathroom, went back to bed, tried to sleep, couldn't sleep, did not fall asleep into restful sleep until I had in my mind three avenues of what I would do with this client dropped off. Now I'm not saying they're going to. But I'm saying this thing about the client dropping off was really my mind, meanwhile, gave the owner email me on Friday asking for a whole bunch of numbers around how many sales? Can we attribute back to these types of leads, et cetera, et cetera. And then Dwayne, the ops guy from North Carolina calls me he's like, by the way, I just want you to know, here's what's going on. I've been around the block a few times.

Unknown Speaker  06:05
Anyway, so

Unknown Speaker  06:08
Oh, boy, lately, please, please finish the Senate.

Matthias Miller  06:11
I've been around the block a few got a few times I know how these guys work. They're there, they're going to look at shiny object syndrome, maybe if we had a different agency, or maybe if we do something else, or fill in the blank, and we don't really know what's going on, and nobody can get a good handle on it. And so let's just go change things up.

Unknown Speaker  06:27
Oh, my word. Okay.

Matthias Miller  06:33
Well, it sounds a lot like I was talking to Robert, by the way, thank you for that intro, I talked to him for about 30 minutes, we're talking again, tomorrow for an hour. He was all years into the identity resolution side of things. And then data, data analysis, but he gave me some pointers. One of the things he said is that is you have to understand salespeople are emotional. And they failed at all the left brain stuff, which is why they and all the traditional career options, which is why they ended up in sales. And all of them have some kind of dysfunction with their parents. And so you as a sales manager, or halfway a dad. And I mean, you're a parent, you love them, you give them a home, a little bit of you know, helping them give a healthy role model for the things that they missed. And also some discipline and direction and like, Okay, guys, like, we still gotta we have these KPIs to hit Like I care about you, we're gonna hit these KPIs. How are we going to do this? I mean, like, let's get it done, make it happen, et cetera, et cetera. So which I would also say, is not a terrible terrible parallel to what it's like working with these owners, either.

Unknown Speaker  07:55
Yeah, for sure.

Matthias Miller  07:57
So what I'm wondering here, here's my proposal. I think, I think some folks are gonna go, go nuts, but I'm gonna throw out. I think you're well, here's my proposal. Robert, recommended using go high level, we've been using the home home string system, because we can do all kinds of integration. But I think in addition to saying we don't do sales and marketing, I think we we don't do email, email list software, which would just be stupid. I think we also say, we don't do CRMs, either. And he's basically like sales sales guys. He borrowed the Zig Ziglar ism, which is that there's two people in the organization, the sales guys and the people who support the sales guys. And I know it's a pretty sales centric perspective, but I don't think it's completely wrong, and certainly not unhelpful. The other thing that he said is that they're very fickle. And you basically, the more that you can do to put things in place, they, they say that you can track the things that you need to track without them lifting a finger, the better it is. And I'm like, Yes, I think and two things is lead it leads to response time, he's like, we need to do SMS auto auto response from a local number. As soon as the lead form is filled in with sentiment tracking and follow up text right after that. If it's positive, it's a non negative sentiment, basically saying, Hey, I'm with a another customer, but I'm gonna get back to you by end of day. And then the salesperson has to do that. And second of all, he said you need to get sales call recordings of everybody all the time, which I agree and We've been having some trouble with that, because we've got people in all kinds of different things. And we just need to say guys go high levels, the platform get on it, you're making all phone calls and text messages from that. Do not use any other methods. And your life will be better.

Unknown Speaker  10:16
I love it. And so I agree with all that, by the way.

Matthias Miller  10:21
And so there's a few other things that he said one, I mean, at that point, then we can start putting accountability in place tracking KPIs. He and I are also talking tomorrow. Like, there's part of me that's like

Matthias Miller  10:39
I don't know, I'm sorry, I'm blanking. And then if we need any kind of data and analysis with the rest of the system, we do one way we write a one way import that sucks all the information out of your high level, puts it into our backend management system. And we can run any kind of reports if you want to off of that, who cares?

Unknown Speaker  11:04
Sounds fantastic.

Matthias Miller  11:08
There's, I think one of the things that he talked about doing, I can pull this up. So basically, what are we at? Dwayne is gonna love me because he's getting ready to hit an advocate on vacation for two weeks, and I'm gonna throw a wrench in his gears.

Unknown Speaker  11:30
I am asleep. Forget who Dwayne is. He's,

Matthias Miller  11:33
he's the he's the ops guy.

Unknown Speaker  11:36
But he's with you. Or he's what's true point.

Matthias Miller  11:40
He's in he's not me. He's an independent party. But his shoe point is his is his his source of revenue. Oh, he's

Unknown Speaker  11:48
the logistics guy.

Matthias Miller  11:49
He's the logistics guy. Okay, yeah. Back end operations, logistics, all that. So then the other piece is, so get people to use a CRM, get call recordings, get fast lead responses, and track lead quality. Now, interestingly, as I dug into this, guess what Ohio did with their type form?

Speaker 1  12:13
That I know, and I didn't know Ohio had a type form. And I didn't know you had any access to it. So tell me, I'm curious.

Matthias Miller  12:18
Oh, I got I got access to? Well, they deleted all the fields. So I can't see any historical responses. But it's now a welcome page. What size do you want? And then what are you using it for? Which is storage, living space or other? And then what's your first and last name? What's your email? What's your phone number? What's your zip code? Seven questions. That's it. That is the only thing they're asking for. Out

Speaker 1  12:46
of curiosity, are you suggesting that they're mimicking us? Or you're just saying they happen to arrive at similar set of things than that? We did.

Matthias Miller  12:53
And there's even simpler we're asking a lot fewer questions, and we are, and they're asking, and they're leaving more questions for the salesperson to ask. And giving more reason for people to respond to the salesperson.

Speaker 1  13:09
Before I forget, let me say two things out loud for the Zoom call and the archivist. One, if we need any training at all for salespeople, or the use of go high level or the interaction between the two, I also bought a sales system from Mike Mark who like he is similar to Robert Posey, Robert, and Mike are the two people that I know of that are the best sales, sales teams and sales systems. And I'm simply saying, and Mike is really into like GHL and all the automations and how to use it and whatever. And I'm totally happy to leverage that. By all means, let's do Yeah, okay. I'll send you my logins and, and whatever. What was it gonna say? That was part one, part two was okay, talking about intake form. So I'm on the hunt Sideshow to do this mortgage leads thing. I've been talking to this other guy from planning period named Scott, who is doing something similar. The difference is I'm trying to do a funnel with paid traffic. Scott has taken this like organic content site building approach. And with Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, you know, and so he's trying to do this content site with a membership, whatever it connected to the expert, whatever, okay. But I said, pardon me, I said all that to say this. So Scott has a really interesting thing. And I'm gonna mess this up. But I have notes where he really shortened the whole, like, application form thing. Can we just say in place

Speaker 1  14:50
okay, it really shortened the application form, and he almost cut it down to a version of like Ryan Levesque, Glen Livingston's. It's not exactly the same, but it's Almost like, you know, what do you need? Or what's your biggest challenge or problem or question? I forgot how he worded it with getting a loan application today, right? And so like instead of, what's your income? What's your DTI? Well, you know, have you had any bankruptcy in the last three years and all this other stuff that all these lead generation guys always used in their form? It basically boils down to almost like how can we help you? What is the problem? Or the challenge or the question you have today? Let us know. And we're going to connect you with an expert who's going to answer that problem for you. Right? And I say all that to say that I almost think we ought to pull. We ought to consider testing something like that with our time for sure. Ask them to whatever basic fundamentals we need for personalization, and contact info and all that. But like, why not just let them let it rip? Because it looks very inviting. If you do it, right, like Scott did, I think it makes you look like you actually care, and you're going to help answer their question or problem. And it also, it's just very, it's very inviting. And then it also provides like market research, right? Meaning that are we done or anything else? Meaning that like, what if we let people just say whatever's on their mind over time, we're going to learn a lot about the market that we want when they're just filling our extremely linear multi question form. Okay, I'm done.

Matthias Miller  16:28
Go inside No, Tibbets? Yep. Once we get call recordings, we can do automated transcriptions and start pulling reading ai, ai or something off of that, who knows what, like, there's so much stuff we could do. Yeah. So I'm getting ready to send this email. I'm revamping the other email that I've drafted. But basically saying, I think I'm basically saying, We're going to keep all the assets that we have. But we're going to strip this way down. And we're going to have a simple funnel, we're going to have the automations. On the back end, we're going to wait to plug the auto responder back in until we've got the salesperson version of those auto responders. We are going to turn on those text notifications. And we're gonna well, and we're gonna migrate everybody over. Good.

Speaker 1  17:35
And I think what you're saying, I'm probably completely reading this into this. But I think what you're saying is, you and I had this idea about numbers. Coincidentally, your assistant had some questions about objectives. And what do you know, right? At the same time, we're thinking these things, we hear rumors that at least imply that maybe there's rumblings in the company where they're going to start asking questions, and you want to like preempt them from jumping ship by saying, Hey, we've got this new test, we're gonna roll out and a bunch of plans and things that go with it. Is that is that?

Matthias Miller  18:07
Correct? Here's the plan. It's defense. It's expert advice. We already know that there's pieces of this that are mirroring what's happening in Ohio. And, by the way, we can do it just as good or better. Let's go do it. I love it. That's the bottom line. Okay.

Speaker 1  18:29
Okay. And you're not going to wave those numbers, specifically under their nose, right to make this look like they'll cost them money, January and all that?

Matthias Miller  18:36
No, I'm going to Well, they did ask for those numbers. So I gave him the numbers, revenue generated from type font leads. But I didn't need to go with I did not do further math. I went off of by the way, I do this spreadsheet with those higher numbers. Go ahead.

Speaker 1  18:53
That was about to ask that like you didn't do the GCL ID checks belong that you did the good. Great.

Matthias Miller  19:04
That's so what else am I saying here?

Matthias Miller  19:15
I think I think the other thing I'm going to pitch is, oh, well, anyway, I don't know. That's just, we just need to do this. And I'm going to pitch it in a way that says, hey, look, this stuff came up. Oh, the number that I'm including is there. Let's match 50% or less of total revenue. Let's get it down under 10. Like, I'm going to bring that back back to the table that this is the objective you stated. From what I can tell, we're about halfway there, which means that we need to double down on and I talked to this person, his expert opinion is X, Y and Z which I agree with, and I don't know something kind of along with Those lines Okay. Great. Good. So Oh, but something I wanted to ask you specifically about was, I don't believe. And Dwayne said as much he's like, Yeah, their agency is sitting on there, sitting on their rear with their feet propped up running these ads. Okay. He's like, but is there any way I can double check to make sure that they're not running off? They're not doing any kind of offline conversion?

Unknown Speaker  20:44
Are we talking about Google ads?

Matthias Miller  20:49
Well, I don't believe I have access to the Google ads. I mean, their Facebook ads.

Speaker 1  20:56
Okay, so very weak in my skills here, but I'm thinking if you have access to their business manager, yeah. So I think you go to the business manager. And over on the left, you go to Events Manager, that's like a sub section. Yep. And once you're in there, I think you go back to the left, and now you see like, was the data sources, it was literally the same thing, even right now, I still have found the other day.

Matthias Miller  21:24
So I'm seeing a pixel 2022, a second pixel, and then default offline event set. And the default offline events, that would be the one. So if I do a custom date range of tween like, I can't even Oh, wow, I can't go more than 28 days, they don't have anything in the last 28 days.

Speaker 1  21:52
If it's not been updated within the last 28 days, and it's not really even useful, like, even if they did it once. They're not really using it.

Matthias Miller  22:01
So is it I don't know how to measure this unless our type form is driving and or sales process is driving qualified leads away? Which it might it might just straight up be too much marketing? I don't know. Maybe, but, but if it is, so unless that's the case, and then again, it might be, but there is no measurable. There's no way that they are generating measurably better leads than we are. Right. So

Speaker 1  22:39
not in terms of quality or filtering, right?

Matthias Miller  22:44
Yep. Okay, well, I'm gonna

Speaker 1  22:51
go, I was gonna say, do you happen to know if their ads are driving to a landing page is better than ours?

Matthias Miller  22:57
I doubt it. Their websites very similar to ours. The only possible thing may be location confusion, because we're multistate?

Matthias Miller  23:18
Yeah.

Speaker 1  23:24
Great, well, I had no idea that we're using TerraForm, or any of that. So it's our thing good to know that, that their configuration is pretty similar to ours, like, you know, big picture type form and all that.

Matthias Miller  23:38
Yeah, I wonder how close we can get just straight up copying or type form? I mean, I think they actually copied it. No, they did copy ours. There's my hidden fields are showing up in there type form. So No way. That's hilarious. We can we can copy their type form back.

Speaker 1  23:57
What were they as they always use type form? And if not, what are they using before?

Matthias Miller  24:02
There's there's a guy called shed marketer who has a janky lead form. Okay, so yeah.

Unknown Speaker  24:17
Genki that's a highly technical term.

Matthias Miller  24:22
very technical. Yes. You only find that amongst the upper echelons of software engineers.

Unknown Speaker  24:33
Anabaptist software engineers. No less.

Matthias Miller  24:36
Yeah, exactly. That's funny. Okay, man.

Speaker 1  24:45
All right. Out of curiosity, do we need a meeting tomorrow since we're talking tonight? I'm good either way.

Matthias Miller  24:52
There was something that you wanted to Oh can I just clarify my message and don't think we

Unknown Speaker  25:00
do. Yep, let's do that.

Matthias Miller  25:04
So the sales guys in Indiana are asking for? Well, okay, there's two questions. One is, is it prohibitive to run? So we have the true point, we have location specific Facebook pages, as in the the Roselawn, has a two point backyards of Roselawn. And the Plymouth has a two point backyards of Plymouth, and two point backyards of Mocksville, etc. Does it get wild to run ads to that local geography? For that zip code radius for that location, under that page name? Or is that just

Speaker 1  25:50
so I'm going to answer the same question multiple ways. Part one is it is totally doable. Part two is it's more fiddly work for somebody, but hey, I can handle that. And put so we need to do. And other words, it is more hours more labor. Part three, though, this worries me. So Alex, and I feel like the reason? Well, we will never know. But we feel like one of the reasons that Indiana CPI is higher than North Carolina, is literally the square miles and sheer number of counties, people, zip codes, whatever else in that space. And so my concern is, if we start running multiple campaigns one page at a time for, you know, dealer or city or whatever you want to call it, we might make that situation even worse, right? So like, and we won't know unless you try it. And we certainly can't try it. Sure, I'm just I'm just worried that that would be the net outcome. There's this general trend among Facebook marketers in general, to go broad, broad with everything right, you know, region area, targeting demographics, everything and like, let the algorithm figure out, I just don't know how much I believe that that gets trumpeted all the time, usually by guys that want to sell you something. Right. So I don't know, I'm not sure it seems believable to me. So. And so it pretty much boils down to like, do we want to leave it alone? Or do we want to run a test? So it's totally up to you? I guess the other thing is that behind the question is an assumption that this is going to what to drive more foot traffic? What is the goal or something there? Well, okay,

Matthias Miller  27:40
okay. There's no hang on. There's the salespersons assumption. And there's my assumption, let's start with the salesperson assumption. salespersons assumption is that they know how to advertise better than anybody else. And if they could just advertise a little bit on Facebook and put some money behind it, they would get more foot traffic. Funny. Okay. So, okay, so that's their assumption, no problem. Again, let's talk about children. I don't mind giving children a little bit of wiggle room to explore and learn how the world works. If it works great. If it doesn't, that's fine. It's a lesson. No problem. Now, my assumption is that I don't know whether it is. But do I want salespeople bought into the marketing and giving you content and giving you ideas based on what they think would work? Yeah, even if it fails 95% of the time, it means that they're bought in. And they are. They are working to contribute and doing what they can to make this whole thing better.

Speaker 1  28:47
Absolutely, and won't say content or ideas or info from them any day for sure. You know, obviously, we don't want them telling telling us how to manage PPC campaigns, but as far as contents or whatever, yeah, absolutely.

Matthias Miller  29:00
So So can I do like, I mean, one option would be like a type form that they could fill out. That would send an email to you. I don't know who it should be you and I? Well, it has to go through approval through their sales manager. I don't know maybe it's just a simple process. Sidenote, my assistant is rolling her eyes not rolling her eyes, but she's like, you're way more than a marketing manager for these guys. And I'm like, Yeah, you're right. I am.

Speaker 1  29:37
You really are. You're you're you are. Absolutely. We're talking about you. Right. Yeah. As far as what you just said, you are absolutely filling the role of a CMO like and you know, a lot of people were driving pretty big prices for this stuff. These days. I have no idea what your whole suite agreement is with them. But you're, you're taking care of the hub spoke in the wheel you Now,

Matthias Miller  30:01
yep. So, so I think, okay, if you're okay, sending this down, since if you're okay with us sending you content? I will, I will be like, Would you be okay? Well, I can't even figure out how to do this reporting, maybe I don't know. At a minimum, it'd be great if we could get. I would love to be able to close the feedback loop back to the sales team, saying, here's the posts. And or, here's the 30 day result and how it performed versus you know, or winter, or I don't know,

Speaker 1  30:50
I'm, I'm moderately okay with that pros and cons. But I've got a bigger picture question, which is, so everything we're doing, Alex and I, with Facebook ads right now is just trying to get people to the lead form to become leads to tight form, and now trying to use Facebook to drive foot foot. But foot traffic is an entirely different project. It's, it can't be measured as leads, because we're literally sending feet instead of leads. So somebody needs to agree that it is not apples to apples with anything we're doing. It's a new venture tests, project, whatever want to call it campaign. And what are we going to measure if we're actually going to measure feet? Who's going to keep track of that? And, you know, do we what's the sawtooth thing I was talking about the other day where you spend a lot one week and a little the next week and a lot and you know, it's gonna go way up way down and try to see if it has an actual effect, which actually weekly is probably not going to work because people don't get in their car.

Matthias Miller  31:59
There's so much fluctuation if it rains for a week, and your numbers are all screwed up. Yeah, I think you have to have a clip this coupon. mean, could we do that? Oh, yeah, absolutely. And maybe it's a messenger ad with an auto responder that sends them a coupon that they can bring in?

Unknown Speaker  32:21
That's interesting. But to do that,

Matthias Miller  32:24
with a link to I mean, maybe it's a Google Maps link to, to that location. I mean, well, in that case, you don't know how that works.

Speaker 1  32:35
When I were, I would say plain old put the coupon code in the ad and add the address, like written out visually, we can do maps link as well. But literally like for, you know, Grandpa that's used to use in a map or has the whole city in the back of his mind anyways, it's gonna drive to 123 Main Street, and tell them the coupon code, right? Yeah. And then we're gonna run those with like, I don't know, view or brand engagement objectives on Facebook, which literally means instead of saying, hey, Facebook, find people who are going to fill out this form, it's a Facebook, show this to anybody and everybody who's gonna blink an eye at it. Yep. Yep. So then, as long as it's understood that we're not going to compare CPL, or CPC, or anything, because it's no, it's totally apples to oranges. We just give it a budget run and somebody tries coupon codes, or visits, either or both.

Matthias Miller  33:39
Is Is there a way we can create? Sure there is we can then create Facebook reports that are that exclude these from our our metrics?

Unknown Speaker  33:51
Yeah, I'm not sure how it's top my head. But yes.

Matthias Miller  33:54
Well, you I mean, you can name them all, as I don't know. But the name footsie or something, and in the end, just exclude those from your report or something. I don't know. That's dumb, but you know, whatever.

Unknown Speaker  34:08
Once in market somehow. Yep.

Matthias Miller  34:15
Good, but then there's also this question of, by the way, you said this is top priority. We said we don't believe that we actually have a lead issue. And we said we're gonna double down on sales. So either you need to pay for this. In addition to that, we actually have capacity to get this done. Or you're gonna have to wait until we fix our sales are very

Speaker 1  34:41
good. I'll leave that part of I'm good. Either way. I'll leave that up to you. So. Okay. Cool. Okay. Great. And with that said, we're we can skip tomorrow's meeting? I think so. Watch me if you change your mind, that's fine. I'm probably going to take advantage of the next time slot do other things. Yep

Matthias Miller  35:01
Okay sounds good all right super appreciate it Jonathan

Unknown Speaker  35:04
yeah thanks you bet


Transcribed by https://otter.ai