Speaker 1  00:00
If you pay to be a part of this you have a mentor who's beginning months like checks in with us like hey here's the courses you need to do this month, like, Did you complete your work you know all of this stuff.

Matthias Miller  00:11
And your courses can actually come the way you do it without over engineering it is, you start super simple. And then you, you have people get on the first group call or whatever and you're looking over people's work and you're answering questions and this should be different and that should be different. And that starts getting you a sense of what are the things that people need to learn coming into this, and even from the beginning there's some of that where you can just take the recording and say, or like, or like, maybe it's a little bit of note taking to save this five minute clip where I explained this on this call, that should go into the training. And so you can kind of build it as you go with you. The mistake a lot of people make is it's like okay now I need this curriculum, and so they go through this for this long handled process of a beautifully produced set of training, but the content doesn't actually end up meeting the needs of what needs to be covered. Or maybe there's, you know, I don't know what, or like or like to train you have the first half of your call that's 30 minutes of training like for the, for the first period of time. First group of students. The first 30 minutes, you're, you're doing the training, you're setting the guidelines in the assignments. And then, that ends up getting transferred into, into the training module. After it's recorded or the training program. But then, what then what I, what I have a friend of mine who is in the coaching space. And he and I had a conversation yesterday, and he was raising the question he basically was asking me what's my experience with coaching programs, and he has a vision for re engineering how coaching is done in which the certification is not for the achievement of knowledge, but it's for the development of the person. So, the problem with most most programs like this is that they take a wide variety of people, they try to fit them into a single track and a single path. And then, there's about 10 to 20%. There's like five to 10% that do extremely well. There's another you know maybe 10 to 20% of do. Okay. And then there's some average people and then there's like people who really tank as a result. And his idea is, is there a way that we could actually say, No, this is more about developing you as a person so once you become, however you measure this. But but once you reach this, this is who you're supposed to be like this is, you know, in terms of like, however you define like what a healthy person is like this is you. So with that, imagine that the very first conversation that they have coming in, is somebody who's who, who is working with them, and discerning enough to say, when they say I want to get into writing. They're discerning enough to probe and say well actually, were there, heart is, is in photography, but they're scared to pursue it. But that's really what's in their heart. And then, and then you can guide them down that pathway and then once they get into that place, like you said, it's that, that checking in and like here's where you're at and what are you what are you need and here's what you should focus on and. And then, you know, building that kind of accountability and making sure that they stay connected.

Unknown Speaker  03:46
What if you had like,

Unknown Speaker  03:50
say like,

Unknown Speaker  03:54
you know,

Speaker 1  03:54
I don't know that it's a six month thing that you go through that's more a like.

Unknown Speaker  04:02
I'm just kind of,

Speaker 1  04:04
kind of thinking, like, here's like almost like fundamental like Christianity, like, here's what it is to be a vibrant girl living a wholehearted faith, like this is like the course like we're going through, and then like either after that, or maybe even while you're doing that you have access to these other more like practical like life skill stuff, or is that

Matthias Miller  04:33
I would flip it. I would say so here's an example of one of the coaching programs, they're focused on sales and marketing, because that's what everybody wants in business, it's just like, how do we make more money, how do I build a team how, but they have a weekly call that they call Mindset Monday, which is just like, it's basically about how, like, keeping your mind in a healthy place, and it's, again, like, it's not necessarily from a Christian perspective but it's just kind of like, this is the, this is a foundational piece but nobody's going to pay for, but it's important. And so as part of your program requirements, you could say this is the, like, like, here's the, like, it's like you enroll in the writing course, but then alongside of that every, there's a 30 minute thing that you have to check off every week, a video that you have to watch sometime during the day and like you. Everybody, everybody, you know, you give the opportunity to watch as a group. Check off. If you can't do that you have to watch the replay at some point or however frequently it should be, like, I guess from my perspective, I, I would approach it more from that way. And then through that you're instilling like even, even as you break down, you're like, what are the values, what are the foundational things like what are the things that I want to build into these girls. I think you'll have much better luck, predominantly monetizing life skills and including that in your mind, the purpose is primarily that vibrant girl Foundation's class, but to the world and how you present it. It is a life skills thing. I don't know, it might be a different demographic that you might get away with it the other way, especially if you don't know. Then if you present it if you present Zenit as a Bible school, but then if you do that then you really increase the scrutiny that gets put on you, and, like, I don't know. I'm very open to be argued with on that, or like disagree with or like that, but that that would be my instinct.

Speaker 1  06:47
It's a little bit less of a like. Like if I hear you right this idea is a little bit less of, here's like, you know, the vibrant girl club that when you're subscribed to this you have access to like this whole library of content, it's a little less of that a little bit more of like actual, like,

Unknown Speaker  07:06
like a,

Speaker 1  07:08
like a course maybe not even a course isn't the right word, but it's actually like something more like a semester of photography. Yes,

Matthias Miller  07:17
yes. And here's what I would do, I would, if there's any way that you can do a survey of, like say we're thinking about doing, we're, we're thinking about doing courses on like a, you know, maybe it's a summer internship I don't know if you've whatever we're doing a x week intensive on. And would you like it to be on photography illustration, writing, and whatever those things are that you want to have, and let them choose. And then, and then that's going to tell you where their interest lies, and that can be a really good place for you to start. And along with that, and maybe even the. Well, pricing would also be really interesting to have. I don't have the agenda fully figured out there's a difference between people having an interest in in parents being willing to say yeah I'll pay X amount of money for my daughter to learn this.

Unknown Speaker  08:19
I'm wondering if the interest we would get would be more from like a 1617 1819 year old than from the like 1213 1415 who's reading, Max.

Matthias Miller  08:31
Like, but yeah, but is that, is that a bad is like, is that a bad thing because that may, I mean that may actually end up being better because, first of all, it gives them something to graduate in terms of spiritual development, it gives them something to graduate to from the magazine to there. And it also creates this space. Here's what I like about it. If you run this for a while, you can find the next Monica. Like, if there's enough people going through there's going to be some people that stand out and you're like, you really could take this thing and you could run with it. And you'll have that. I don't know. I just think that actually would make a lot more sense.

Unknown Speaker  09:19
So like,

Matthias Miller  09:25
sorry if I can, if I can jump. One thing I wouldn't like I don't I wouldn't see yourself launching off all of those courses, I think, I think it's probably helpful to have the courses time bound. To some degree, whether there's an ongoing membership that lets you jump in and out of any. I don't know. It's probably easier to have them be time bound, that this is the course, this is how long it goes is is when, when it's done and at some point if you want to keep running it on an ongoing basis. People still come in for X number of weeks, and then drop out, it's just that some people are gonna be fun. Some people want to be gate. Yeah. And I would also, I would also encourage, like a, like, again finding a single track to focus on. But then with the grand vision of can we actually have. But

Speaker 1  10:08
if you for even a year or two years we're doing one single track at a time. After that you would have all your tracks and you could you could offer all

Matthias Miller  10:18
this, I mean you could do your, you start with your writing track. And then right after that's done, you could do your, your next track and then you could go back and do the writing track, and your new track, and then your second one and the next new track, and you can, like, you can gradually, like the first two are all done one by one and then you start two by two and then three by three and start getting them to go together until, you know, you may never actually run them back to back, maybe it's, well, but then there's also the next one it's like there's writing 1.0 There's writing 2.0 There's writing 3.0 Like there's levels that you can add to all of these. And if you want to take it far enough, even in photography, you could have a, like here's the introduction to photography and then here's the editing portion portion and then here's how you do wedding photography and here's you do family and here's like kids, like Asher and I had a conversation. I told him he should take it and run with it. And I don't think he has that either. Yeah, I don't think he has the capacity to, but there's a big gap in the. There's, you run the risk of being too far ahead of the curve on this, but there's a big gap in online education in terms of in terms of the Anabaptist sector, like Bible schools are all in person now. Still, yeah, like why is there not an online

Unknown Speaker  11:49
Bible school.

Matthias Miller  11:51
And I know it's a little bit counter to like, and yet you're targeting the people who are going to be the most receptive to it.

Speaker 1  11:59
So what sets this apart from Skillshare or it's you know like, almost lynda.com or anything else that you could pay 20 bucks for a month and go through all the courses you wanted to,

Matthias Miller  12:12
it's the community of people, it's the value system. It's the, I think I think it's the, the, think it's the community in the value system. Like, you actually get to go. Imagine being able to go through this with your friends, or making new friends who are, who are Anabaptist, you are more likely to get support from parents because it aligns with values. I think that's the, I think that's the advantage, like in terms of in terms of raw content. Like, honestly, you can probably go online and find everything you need on YouTube if you really want to.

Speaker 1  13:00
And then in creating that content I guess for me like okay, my thing is I feel like I'm the jack of all trades. I know a little bit about all of it but if I were to say okay at the end of this, you know photography course, you can start a business, you know, like, I'm not there, with each one of those things. So like how do I, how would I like, because there's like okay so here we're back here at magazine trying to pull in these people so then it's like this whole other like, how do I get, how do I pay this, You know, professional photographer or do I don't even need to go there like that's, those are some of the things I think about, well,

Matthias Miller  13:37
so there's ways to tackle that. If for your first one you have somebody who is either a generous, or be has a little bit of an entrepreneurial spirit in them, and they're willing to do a revenue share, then you basically say, Hey look, I'd like to pilot this, this may cost you this much time. You know, I don't know how to predict, I have no idea. You know, and it may be that you, but I'm willing to give you. You know I don't know what it is, I'm willing to give you half split half half with you just because it's a trial run. If it does really well, you're going to be happy. If it doesn't, then we'll both be a little bit sad. And, like, yeah, I would, i would try to negotiate something like that where there are people who have capacity to take on little ventures like that. Or maybe that's just something that you say like, here's this one time thing. And we would like for you to be able to teach it, would you be willing to contribute it. And yes, I'm gonna make money, money on it later but I don't really apologize, it's, it's good marketing for you. Like you're positioning yourself as a expert photographer, you actually do a good job teaching it, and I don't know. Like there's the question. Well there's two questions. One is how do you find those people. That's question number one and then question number two is, how do you convince them to actually jump in. So, which I guess which one is your. Are they both big questions which one's your bigger question.

Speaker 1  15:24
I like I think the whole piece of like if we create this, this course, and we hit here maybe this is the question by that question, we create this course, and we like all this time and have all these people I'm like okay, here's your share and what we're like, making for this course, is it really like. It can be really good thing, but is it, is that money going to go back into all of these courses right or is it something that can actually go back into

Matthias Miller  15:56
magazine

Unknown Speaker  15:57
magazine,

Unknown Speaker  15:57
that's that's part of my question.

Matthias Miller  16:00
That's a fair question and but but then part of the question too is, is if you have people going through the photography, track, and you orchestrated in such a way that you're gathering content that could be used in the magazine, does that eliminate some of the positions that you need for the magazine, because it's coming from that side of that side of things. So there's the challenge of alright so anything that's young and starting up, it's a challenge to me whether it's kids or ventures of any kind, like it's a challenge to manage the long range goal is that you like these two things feed off of each other and it actually creates efficiency on both sides. But the, I think one of the questions is what are the hard costs on the, on the actual, like, life skills side of things. There's going to be some, possibly some online. I don't know, some kind of video conferencing type of thing, like is like a zoom thing or there may be, I don't know what as a whole, though, those types of ventures tend to be high, like they just tend to be higher profit, because, first of all there's two reasons One is there, there aren't really that many hard costs in it. And the second reason is that you are able to do it at scale, so.

Matthias Miller  17:47
All right. The other thing if you want to reverse your risk a little bit with this is,

Matthias Miller  18:03
there's other ways of testing the waters of seeing like who would be willing to pay. I don't know what $27 $47 For an hour 90 minute deep dive into photography. So you're not doing the whole multi week thing but you're just starting with one piece of it. Again, the other thing is, once you get to that age. These people do have a good amount of disposable income. And so, like, maybe you can you can set your prices such that,

Speaker 1  18:44
but it's like, if the first time you do it, you have four or five girls. You're not like, maybe, maybe the money you're getting out of that will be like nothing but you will be like, building up the content for future. Um, the, yeah, good.

Matthias Miller  19:05
It's so you do that four or five girls, you ask each of the four or five girls if they love it. If you can shoot a video you have them. I mean you can do it on Zoom have them shoot a video, sharing what they liked about it what they got out of it, whatever how awesome it is wherever you get it in tax you get it in writing, whatever. So now you have, you've done it, you have people who say that it's a good thing. That's going to make it easier to sell to the next group. Right. And so then it's hopefully next time it's 10 and then it's, I mean, not pretending it's, what am I am a little bit pretending that it's easy,

Matthias Miller  19:49
it's not necessarily easy, but it is a pathway into, into something that that could be well timed. Just in terms of kind of where Baptists are at and the adoption of some of these things. I don't really know.

Unknown Speaker  20:12
Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  20:35
Okay, so, so, the other way to raise your prices is, if you, if you were to do something like wedding photography and there you, you actually need to have somebody who's good who knows what they're doing. But when you do something like that. There's a definitive deliverable that says that. All right, opening a whole host of issues a whole, whole can of worms, but one, one weekend one wedding that you shoot is worth x. And so you have this, this anchor for what the value is, and in any given season you can do y, and z if you're in this in this community you can reasonably expect that, you know, I don't know, like, you can get this money and it's going to be this much and therefore, this is x number and so you can, that the value of the course goes up because it's tied to income earning potential. Some ways it's, I mean it is ends up being a bigger, you know, bigger thing bigger bite to chew off your bite, or whatever.

Matthias Miller  22:04
So, yeah, that's another piece that could, whether it's that specifically or just looking for other ways like how do you actually, how do you establish the value to them that this is really important or that this really will help in whatever it is that they're looking to looking to get to.

Matthias Miller  22:59
What are your thoughts.

Speaker 1  23:02
So I think I think it's like a cool concept to think about it's not, it's not like completely different from even ideas that I've thought of the past few weeks is maybe just like flipping it a little bit like you said, like, instead of those being like side courses that you can kind of, you know, Like say like an elective, you can take it. And I feel like I feel like it doesn't even feel like it would be impossible. Or even that hard, like if I were to do like, start with a photography course, maybe it would take me someone to help me with some of the legwork and like a photographer, that, you know, so like, it doesn't even look like extremely like I have enough. I've been doing this for five years enough that I can probably think of people. My thing is that, probably the only way I'll be able to make capacity for is if, if I don't have other work. Like, and so then it's kind of like, do I just like take off for four months and just like maybe it'll be enough to like feed myself salary, the first year that would be cool and then maybe, maybe two years it would be enough to start putting back into magazine, those are just some of the practical ways out that I think about writing right away like because I can't I can't take on something like this and be working like 2030 hours a week.

Matthias Miller  24:41
Not possible. I agree not possible at

Unknown Speaker  24:43
all. So like,

Speaker 1  24:46
if I could get, like, I think I'd be willing. Is there a way that like, let's say, Hey, I would say even really bite sized like this summer, you know, May, June, July, August, four months there. I'm going to work, vibe and girl kind of building up some of this magazine stuff, I've been thinking about but also like developing the first course. Just one course, like that, that could be possible, but I wouldn't really be, I wouldn't be working 2530 hours with the gorgeous summer, which I was doing last summer. So like, if it like it'd be kind of interesting to know how many, how many girls I would need to sign up to say, I could cover my salary for the summer. Yeah, because even if I'm not the place where I could start hiring other people, at least if I cover my salary for four months, then I could start putting some time into some of these things that I've had, like, in my head for a while but haven't really had the time or capacity to do it. And then like, if we get to that point then I'd be way more like way better set up to like bring in people because I've created systems for myself. Yeah, that work and I can just pass on something that's working. And like making sense. Oh, maybe. So like, for the first four months, it's not so much about. I need to hire so and so to do, you know, baby pay just for her work yet. Like if, if I could start with myself. I don't know, but then maybe that's kind of defeating the whole purpose of like creating this,

Unknown Speaker  26:39
I don't know.

Matthias Miller  26:41
Not necessary. Okay so here's, Here's one of the big differences I see between you earning money from this versus money burning money from the gorge is that anytime that you spend working on this, you're building assets within your building people are willing to spend money with you, and you're building content, That, that hopefully ends up being reused reusable for quite a while. And so that's a big difference because the next time around it's going to be easier. You know,

Matthias Miller  27:19
the course. The course does not have to exist before you start. Like, if, if you were to say that September I'm launching my course. All right, in, and you can collect money. Even before you're certain that you're going to, like, alright, so you say next four weeks, I'm going to figure out the focus for the next four months I'm gonna figure out the focus, and I'm gonna enroll X number of students. and I'm gonna find other people who can help me enroll them. And so, you figure out how many you need what price. Well, actually you might not even, so you start having conversations, which which one of these would you like to see. And, and which one of these price points. Would you be willing to, you know, if it comes down to that. And you have when you, when you have start having those conversations with them, you'll start finding that the first. The first number may be all over the place, but as like they'll start telling you what they want out of that. And once you, if you can have enough conversations like that, then you'll get to start having these conversations and they'll be asking you how to help. How do I get there, how do I sign up and you can take payments for the course. Set them aside. Worst case scenario, you don't get enough enrollments, it's not worth you choose to just do it anyway. Worst case scenario you can refund them. But is there a way that you can work in it. To me, I see the bulk of your time being in having those conversations with people and like whether it's online, whether it's Facebook Messenger or whether it's text message or phone calls or whatever it is, having those conversations with people, finding out what they want. And then once you, once you have collected that if you're able to do that and maintain. So we make for pretty crazy summer, probably, but if you could do that and maintain and then get enough for you to cover to cover your salary for those that time when you're actually executing the course and actually building it out.

Unknown Speaker  29:34
So you're saying if over the next four

Speaker 1  29:37
months we'll be building up for September. So then, like, Alright, so I'm kind of building up towards September, and then the course is going for say three months or something. So does the, the course need to have like enough money in it that it covers seven months, Basically, like your My question

Matthias Miller  30:00
would you like I think the question is do you have. Do you have any hours in your schedule to give to this or not really.

Speaker 1  30:11
I think the thing I'm afraid of is that thing that I mentioned earlier about like I already feel like I want to be freeing up more of my time to figure out this cool like magazine thing, right. And so I'm afraid if I like, then free up more of my time for like this, then like, I'm just gonna be like. Like, honestly I really feels like I'm stretching out the time that I can give was with magazine, like, like I think I probably worked.

Unknown Speaker  30:47
I want to say

Speaker 1  30:50
16 or 17 hours on magazine stuff this week, maybe. Yeah, so like, that's, I feel like I was totally maxing myself out on what I can give. So like, I think that's, for me it's like, yeah, how do I how do I navigate that when like, I would willingly give more of my time, but like, I can't.

Matthias Miller  31:16
All right, so, so do you know anybody who is well connected within that age range of girls, probably a bit of an extrovert probably a bit of a friend of all who might be the kind of person who would have, basically, like, is there a sales girl that you could say, we don't really know what your sales selling yet like here's the parameters. It's either this, this, this or this. We're going to talk to 25 people based off of that we're going to narrow our selection and focus on this, and we're going to start asking them specifically what they want. And your goal is, by the end of the summer to recruit this many people. And out of that, again, like this is, I know we're still putting stuff on you like this is like, like is because there's this piece that needs to be figured out but, but we're charging this much. I'll pay you. You know, it's it's on your dime you're taking a bit of a risk, I'll pay you 25% off of whatever we earned. And, you know from this first first round for whatever, whatever is appropriate. I don't know what's appropriate, probably depends on the probably depends a bit on the price point and all of that like if it's.

Matthias Miller  32:44
Yeah. But at, let's say a three month course. One to 200 a month. That's three to 600 a person. If you could get 20 People that six to 12k. I don't really have any good answers besides like probably gonna have to run some, I don't know, run some best guess numbers

Matthias Miller  33:25
consistency. If you could have somebody like that. They would the right person would get an absolute kick out of doing that. Yeah. And yeah, there's one more thing for you guys I recognize

Matthias Miller  34:01
when you've reached your capacity. And when you've also reached, probably a certain level of maturity. People, people do become your answer.

Matthias Miller  34:25
So, so with that as well, that person probably is a bit of a needle in a haystack. Probably has to be somebody that's, I mean it has to be somebody that you trust that you can trust you can get to know well enough to trust with the vision, even maybe with this it's. I'm not saying even maybe with this this is too much of a time commitment. And maybe, sorry I'm just throwing out 101 options. So let you talk, maybe even with this, this is maybe literally like the next four months are laying down the foundation getting some of the magazine stuff in order and then the next three to four months are the prep work. And then after that it's the first class. Yeah, and that we take a lot of pressure off of you.

Speaker 1  35:27
So here's my question though, if I were to decide this summer. I'm just going to work by one girl, then I could put 40 hours a week in a vibrant girl instead of 20 hours and like not work at the gorge. That would change. Pretty much everything. Like, is there something I could do to work. It's even like, like put it out there. Hey, like, does it like like if I could get like a certain group of people around me like pitching 50 bucks 100 bucks a month for four months. And then every month I'll keep you in the loop of what's going on, how you can, you know, whatever, like it's kind of like this core support group just reformed. The thing that's hard about that is like I don't really know what to tell them to come out the other side, like it's not like support me so that at the end of this, you know, barber girl can be here here here, but like if there was a way that I could even be free to just like,

Unknown Speaker  36:31
pursue those things,

Speaker 1  36:33
I think even for a couple months I think at the end of those few months I would have some pretty clear answers about just like,

Unknown Speaker  36:41
what's going to be happening, and like.

Matthias Miller  36:44
So here's how I would approach it. I would go. This is, this would be my pitch, I would go to all of my friends who are in business who care about what you care about, either you personally or what you're doing, and tell them I have made this a. I have made this a labor of love for the last how many years. I want to take this I want to see this grow and I want to take this from just a labor of love and I want to be able to build this into something profitable, and I have a plan to get there. It might not work. It might work, but I'm pretty sure at the end of four months. I'm going to have something that's like, like, far and away, better than where I am now. Would you be willing to sow a seed into my life. For that to happen. They understand sowing seed, they understand risk, And they understand that, and they have capacity to do that, and they care about you. And if you don't limit yourself to this much monthly, you'll find you'll find some people who, to be honest, will you may find some people who just write you the check and say go do it.

Speaker 1  38:09
Because I feel like, yeah, just like you said, like, even if I've been to the four months I have no idea what's gonna be at the end of them. If I think about four months with absolutely nothing else on my plate like wherever I get will be way better than where I started. Like it doesn't matter what, you know, whether it's this thing that we've been talking about or something totally different, or just, like, I don't know, the freedom to just like, Yeah, to work it and to let my mind play in it, and,

Unknown Speaker  38:43
yeah,

Speaker 1  38:44
could be pretty huge. I wonder if that's if that's not even more of the answer that I'm looking for then hey, who's the person that could put this legwork in for me because like I've, I've kind of been the person has been I mean I am the person who has been closest to it for all this time and so like if there'll be a way for me to be able to put the legwork in for even a little bit like a feeling even more to come out of

Matthias Miller  39:10
it. And then, and if you can. I think the advantage with some of those pieces is, if you can spin this thing up. And you, something like this, whatever it is, and sit on this but, but if you can plug yourself into vibrant grown away that that generates some cash back into vibrant girl. And then, and then hopefully creates like again the goal, it's like, you know the scary thing was, you know the scary thing that's always with these things, is like, well, let me say this. We know that the, the 17 to 21 or whatever, whatever 16 or whatever like that you're going after we know that they have problems. And, and they have money. And so the question becomes, and I think some of this comes down to, perhaps an openness, from your standpoint there's some, some situations where am I trying to say what they may want or ask or may not be what you're expecting to deliver give, but the more opening, openness, you have to that, they may come back to you saying, It's none of that what I really want is this. And it may be different from, I don't know. I guess you just don't really know

Unknown Speaker  40:36
what's so funny because literally

Speaker 1  40:39
on the drive here. i The thing that I was thinking about was what if I had enough time to post on our vibrant girl Facebook account. I'm looking for any girls who are willing to be interviewed, to do a video call with me, and I would interview 20 Girls, and just hear what they need. Yes. Like, that's literally what I was thinking I was like, wouldn't that be like, wouldn't that just like answer so much because like that's what I want like I want to find what they need and like, give that and if, if, like you're saying if that could also be a way that we can put that money into what we're doing, like, So maybe that's just the place to start. Like just, just talking, listening, mostly listening,

Unknown Speaker  41:29
yep, like,

Matthias Miller  41:32
again, just going back I think what I, what. Again, this is like, this is probably more than what what some of these people will need to hear but I think even sharing that, like my first plan, I don't know what I'm going to create. I know, I know I want to create something that allows more time freedom for me and it allows us to be more profitable so that I can actually grow this thing. And the first thing that I'm planning to do is to start having conversation is to have conversations with, like, I don't know, I mean, again depends on suppose if you want to be with this many people this, this timeframe. And that's going to be able to inform my next step and like being able to discern and presenting together. And again, like that's just, that's just good sense right there. I think one question with that as well would be, like, do you want to do that one for like your, your actual audience, and one for, or do you want to specifically target the age, the age above it, like,

Unknown Speaker  42:33
but if I'm, if I'm working

Speaker 1  42:36
at both of them, because I do, I still want to really address some of the things in the magazine that I've been thinking about the maybe it's a mixture, maybe out of those conversations with 17 to 21 I would find, find the people will sign up.

Matthias Miller  42:54
Exactly, exactly. And at the end of every call you ask them, Is there anybody else that you know that I should have a conversation with good stuff.

Unknown Speaker  43:11
So if I would

Speaker 1  43:13
say take up your time here but if, if I would go about like shooting that idea. To some people, you know, to get some support for four months. Would it be better if it was like, Is this something I can put out there or do I like send an email to like a few people are like, what's the, like what's the. Do you have any advice about what the better way to, you know, is it better, like, you know, everybody's on their patriots and their GoFundMe is like, put it out there, is it better just to like talk to a few people or.

Matthias Miller  43:44
I suspect you're better off. I think what I would do is I would outline some of those things like this is how much this is how much I'm looking to get, or this is how much I'm going to need. This is my plan. This is how it's gonna work out. And, Yeah, and then I would send it directly to deer. Fill in the blank. So working on this, you came to mind. I wanted to share this with you. And, like, Here you go. I personally think you would have much better success doing that. I mean there's other things you can do is like, you can go through your, like, just to bring people to mind like go through your phone contacts go through your email contacts go through your Facebook contacts and like, Well, there's this person, there's that person there's you. You could also possibly send it out to your email list, probably what I would do

Matthias Miller  45:04
is, I'm not sure the right the full approach, maybe this again. Maybe the wrong approach but have something that's maybe a little bit generic doesn't go into the whole details of what you're doing, and say, I'm looking to, I'm planning to focus for months on vibrant girl 2.0 And I'm looking for some people who would be interested in helping contribute financially to create, you know to make vibrant, girl. To allow, you know, vibrant girl to grow sustainably. In the future, if you're interested just reply. And then once they reply and say hey I'm interested, like what are you doing like, then sharing the details with them. But I wouldn't, I don't, I don't know. Maybe I'm wrong. I don't know if I would, I don't know, maybe I'm completely wrong, maybe a GoFundMe would work.

Speaker 1  46:09
I think the only thing that makes me think something like that might work better is that, Mike, like most of the people who are most involved in my life are like, not the wealthiest people and so maybe if I had like a bunch of people who like 25 bucks 50 bucks, you know, versus, like, I'm not sure I have the kind of friends that I could have like two friends that would cover the whole summer. I bet I think that's the only thing, but maybe.

Matthias Miller  46:38
So I'll just be straight up honest, you should email Wes about it. Yeah. So just,

Matthias Miller  47:04
you did something for his daughter last year and so I don't know. I'm just saying, Here's a hunch.

Matthias Miller  47:19
Not saying he's the only guy, you need but he might be, that would be burden off your back.

Matthias Miller  47:35
If you want any help, drafting an email or any, like if there's any help that you want to give that I'm happy to.

Unknown Speaker  47:42
Happy Linda.

Unknown Speaker  47:54
Again,

Matthias Miller  47:56
He's not trying to push you into something, trying to get you to do something you're not, you're not with or at peace with, but

Unknown Speaker  48:31
I'm about to agree that I feel like.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai