Matthias Miller  02:12
Okay, can you hear me, yes I can. Can you hear me, I can hear you. Can you hear me. Oh, sorry. clear. The you kind of have, if I had to reframe goals into short term and longer term, short short term, some of the things that I. Can you hear me, I can hear you. Can you hear me. Oh, sorry. Okay, can you hear me, yes I can. can you hear me okay sorry, I'm not likes computer so it's like just all All right. I got your I got your report, and it was looking. new. fair enough Understand. All right. Well, Happy Tuesday to you. How are you I'm not bad. How are you did well. yep. All right, I got your I got your report, and was looking over it. So thanks for putting that stuff together. And here let's so there was some stuff that like, like the Google ads and like the advertising stuff goes through, like local or word stream, like local IQ, yeah, and I requested that they add you. I don't know if that has happened yet. Let's see that be coming from, from WordStream or from local, like either one of those. Yeah, I think it would be local IQ, see, but I can pull it up too and like, screen share or whatever. Um, issue. Let me see, I'm not seeing it here, so that's fine. We can do screen share there. And let's see, did you just before we get started. Did you have thoughts just around general schedule? Michael chance. Aaron Hannah, yeah, so tomorrow would be best, just like the guys are on, like an on site job today, sure, and they're literally, it's like a 16 wide gazebo. So they're all there. They left early, yep, All right, sounds good. Let's so that's great. And then I I think goals are pretty Really could ease the burden would be having some kind of order management system, and also having a little better hiring process for especially maybe logistics, but probably potentially all around. And then longer term, it's having some of those, having some of the critical being able to keep your finger on the pulse of how things are actually going right when you guys aren't around, and putting those, those processes place. Okay, if you don't mind, let's dive into, let's just dive into, into marketing to get started. Let's do screen share, and

Unknown Speaker  05:54
let's Take a look at that. I

Speaker 1  06:18
Oh, all right, so

Speaker 2  06:31
I feel like this looks way different on a nice computer than it does on that. Okay, so this is the dashboard for local IQ.

Unknown Speaker  07:02
So it's just very like,

Speaker 2  07:10
so like the ads and things like that. Like, I like how that's going, but like this call thing, like it, like, records the calls, but our podium system does that, so we don't really need it. And like, now this counts as a lead, technically, but it was like the neighbor calling to let me know that they got our package right. You know what I mean? Like, it just and then we have, like, the FORM FILL online so that like kind of connects to this. Ah,

Matthias Miller  07:55
and your idea room quotes come in through here as well.

Speaker 2  07:59
No, so our idea room quotes come in through like the idea run portal. Have you seen that? I'm sorry. I've never done

Matthias Miller  08:08
I've never actually been in the portal. I've done integrations with IDEA room, but I've never actually been in the portal.

Speaker 2  08:15
Okay, so hold on. I'll share that. So I'll be honest. A lot of our leads come from idea room, yep. And also, like our locations are pretty much the best locations that any company could have. Like we're on group one and Socko, which is, I mean, God, I don't know how many cars a day, but a stupid amount of cars a day. We're on like a truck route in Alfred, which kind of gets like that Southern Maine, like Southern, Southern Maine, and New Hampshire. And then we're in Portland, which is like BJs Wholesale Club, which is a huge thing around here, and we're literally right at the entrance to BJ so

Unknown Speaker  09:09
that's awesome, but a lot

Unknown Speaker  09:11
of it comes right from here, Like and it's very rare that we don't close a sale that comes through here eventually, yep. Wait, can you see this or not? I'm here, so we don't take payments through IDEA run though, and let me find a better example of that. So like this one. Oh, yeah. Okay. So, so.

Speaker 2  10:06
Yeah, like this one, this customer designed a vinyl shed and then put a pine door on it. And like, maybe they want a pine door, but we're going to reach out and be like, listen the the vinyl door is a much better option, and that comes included in the price. And that's kind of why we got away from like, we don't take, we don't let them place their order through, yeah. So they like, submit the design, and we reach out, like, directly, yeah,

Matthias Miller  10:42
understood. Make it makes sense.

Unknown Speaker  10:47
And it's, it's,

Matthias Miller  10:52
especially when you've got a building like this, you don't want to put on inventory, yeah,

Speaker 2  10:56
like, this looks stupid. And like, I'm finally better at like, like, I used to be like, Wow, yeah, that looks dumb. Like, like, let's do this instead. But some people are just weird. Like, some people are like, No, this is going to be a shed for my cats. And I'm like, Oh, okay. Like, your cats don't care. Go into your yard.

Matthias Miller  11:21
That's hilarious. So we do

Speaker 2  11:28
a lot of this, and honestly I think, I think a lot of our problems are not getting people here, but like, once they're here, making the entire process go smoothly, right?

Matthias Miller  11:51
Does that make sense? Right? Yes, it does. So, I mean, fundamentally, you've got, I mean, I'm gonna get right. Did you guys say you're, you're the number one company in in your state, yeah or Yeah, and so you've got high visibility, you've got the best areas. You're, do? You have a way to pull up, pull up lead costs on look like IQ dashboard. Just out of curiosity, yeah. I

Matthias Miller  12:54
here's here. It is 30. This is over 37 2451, 2451, and

Matthias Miller  13:09
that would be over a is that over 30 day period there? That's less than that.

Speaker 2  13:14
Yeah, a little less than that. I'm uh,

Matthias Miller  13:30
seems high, yeah, the Does this include idea room leads? No, okay, well, there's the problem. There's two, two problems embedded in that. Do you know how many? Okay, so here we see what time this would be, a month, May 7. This is a month, right? 30 days?

Unknown Speaker  13:54
Yeah. Well, May 7

Matthias Miller  13:57
to today, to today. Would you? Would you be able to pull up? No idea. Let's do, let's do idea room for the last 30 days, okay, and see how many leads came in through. There it is. There we go. Just 56 leads is filtered down the last 3056, leads. So that actually idea room 56 leads. So we have so that puts us at 107 and the aggregate, then is 3724 divided by 107 you're actually closer to 34 $35 a lead, which isn't, isn't insane, at least getting closer to the ballpark of what I would expect it to be. But the challenge here is, again, I'm not saying this is the biggest. The biggest thing to chase. But the challenge here is that that the Google algorithm, it's not clear to me that the Google algorithm is learning from your idea room lead submissions, right? So that's that's going to be it's a bit of an inherent marketing and efficiency at this point. So fair enough. Okay, so then, so then idea room leads. Everything eventually finds its way into idea room, I'm assuming, so you have a form fill, you'll reach out, talk to them, try to get a quote design, and then they show up in here. Is that right? Right? So it is possible, though, then, that some of these 56 leads actually were form fills that would have shown up on, like, on

Unknown Speaker  16:00
the local IQ, yes,

Speaker 2  16:03
right, yeah. So the only thing is, is, like, there's, I mean, unless I go through and, like, out that, you know, I mean, like, okay, and then it went to this, like, there's no way for me to pull a report.

Matthias Miller  16:19
Can you be able to do? How long have you been running with word stream? It's pretty recent, but

Speaker 2  16:26
pretty now. So I think this is our second month.

Matthias Miller  16:30
Could you do? Could you change the filter to the last 60 days? That's on the maybe both of how we I guess we could do 980,

Matthias Miller  16:55
there's a substantial,

Matthias Miller  17:02
yeah, if, if I could have, if there's any way you could export leads that look like you knows about and like, name, uh, phone number And email is really the most important thing, form fills, and then, and then we can export from idea room as Well.

Unknown Speaker  17:32
Yeah, so I think that,

Unknown Speaker  17:39
here we go. I

Unknown Speaker  17:55
i created date. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  18:00
we just do last 90 again.

Unknown Speaker  18:03
We can do custom,

Matthias Miller  18:06
pretty custom.

Unknown Speaker  18:10
Should I do that?

Matthias Miller  18:13
It doesn't matter, really, because I'm going to, I'll probably end up filtering it down a little bit on my end. I don't, or I don't think it matters. And we have, should have phones, three phones,

Speaker 1  18:34
and is there an, yeah, that's that's good, and

Matthias Miller  18:42
then I can cross reference these together and find out because, which means that it's actually probably not $35 a lead. And we don't know whether it's 35 or 73 right, or somewhere in between, or where in between it is, but I think this can and then if you jump over to the idea room tab, if you expand that filter to 90 days, and then there's an arrow that down arrow at the top, right beside the search, looks to me like it is that A download? Uh, download.

Speaker 1  19:19
Oh, there you go. Perfect. And

Matthias Miller  19:40
then, just in case, I can't filter, could you do each of those for 30 days? Yeah. And then that way, cover for sure, and I can, and then I'll dig into that. I can, I can easily filter this out and figure out, figure that out. But again, not the biggest pain for. Mean, but it's, it seems also crazy too. It seems odd that the number one company would be spending that much per lead, like you should have right marketing advantage, so

Unknown Speaker  20:14
good. Yeah, that's kind of like I

Unknown Speaker  20:42
I don't know where these are going.

Matthias Miller  20:46
You can, you can hover over the name and there's a little folder icon, and then it'll pop it to the folder. That little idea

Unknown Speaker  20:57
around. So when I hit I

Matthias Miller  21:04
Oh, where the local IQ experts are going? Yeah, it

Speaker 2  21:08
will be sent to my email shortly. That's annoying. I

Unknown Speaker  21:41
There you go.

Matthias Miller  21:45
There's like four, there's like 44 downloads in that thread.

Speaker 2  21:50
Oh, I like never use Google.

Matthias Miller  21:58
You hit the hit the ellipsis down at the bottom of one of the emails, at least for the most recent one, there you go. That guy, there you go. All right,

Unknown Speaker  22:16
there's probably some duplicates.

Matthias Miller  22:18
That's fine. Oh, and duplicates, I clean through the mess. Okay, cool.

Unknown Speaker  22:26
All right, good,

Matthias Miller  22:36
all right, and then

Unknown Speaker  22:39
walk me through

Matthias Miller  22:43
walk me through, a little bit from your perspective. So so people, people find you online. Somehow form fill or idea room comes across you guys desk. And how do these? How do these get signed.

Unknown Speaker  23:03
So,

Speaker 2  23:07
so they come through to hear like they'll get a copy of it, and then we get a copy of it. And then, like, this one, I was expecting this, but normally we would reply and just be like, Hey, thanks for reaching out. Like, thanks for actually, I have

Unknown Speaker  23:54
Yeah, like, Thanks for using our 3d design tool, and this usually prompts them to

Unknown Speaker  24:03
respond, yep.

Speaker 2  24:07
And if they don't, then I give it about usually, like three or four days before I send, like, a follow up email.

Speaker 2  24:22
And then we know, noticed that people don't respond, and they come into the store and they're like, Yeah, I did a 3d design online. Like, oh. So then we pull it out, we show them options outside, like, and it just kind of goes from there,

Matthias Miller  24:42
have you guys tried adding any calling to your again? Traffic hasn't been your primary constraint, but have you tried adding falling to your outreach?

Speaker 2  24:56
We have We noticed that very. Early people pick up, but We do have

Unknown Speaker  25:20
this. I'm

Speaker 2  25:57
so this one, if we call and they don't answer, we'll follow up with a text if we don't hear from them, like through Email, yep.

Speaker 2  26:19
And the thing about this is when, well, one we can request payments, like, for deposits and then, so, like, when somebody call, because the phones are through here too. So if somebody calls and Hannah's already talked to them, I have all of this up here, like the call summary. So it's like, very rarely do one of us have to ask each other a question about a customer. If that makes sense, yes, ah, because every single call summary is here. Yep. Yeah. Yep, and like pictures. If we need pictures of like per shed moves, or anything like that, they can text them to this number.

Speaker 2  27:19
But the one downfall is, I don't like how this is organized.

Speaker 2  27:33
Like every single person that calls Yeah, and then it just gets, like, crammed with

Matthias Miller  27:47
you don't really have, doesn't necessarily have pipeline stages or anything like, like a view where you could see it going through the sales pipeline,

Speaker 2  28:02
right? So the only thing we have that, and I like had to add this, is, like new lead when they call, then when we, like, start talking to them, we're going back and forth and negotiation, then order confirmed started. But I need some sort of like, yeah, some sort of like funnel where we can see it all like, I don't even know if they make something like this, but when the status of like, that customer is moved to started. I want them to get, like, a text message or an email that's like, Hey, your show has been started. You can expect a call or the schedule to look within this amount of time. Yes. So I need something like that. But I also don't know if there's some sort of like integration with some like material ordering. So like custom vinyl like, I want to be able to mark that when the vinyls order and when it's expected, and I just feel like I have so many like things that it's like overwhelming, right? Because I don't know if you got a chance to look at the whip list. This whip list has been, it's been the same system like, not to be weird, but can you see that door? Yep, I can see the door. So those are all clipboards like whip list. Started set up and, like, everything's still on paper, yeah, which is, like, a complete fucking disaster, yep,

Unknown Speaker  30:09
ah, what's

Matthias Miller  30:12
it's great for the guys out in the shop, because they actually love paper, but it's horrible for you in the office, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  30:21
yeah. And I wouldn't even mind, like, you know, doing everything online and then printing out, started and sending it to the shop. You know what I mean, right? Because I don't

Unknown Speaker  30:41
right here whip.

Speaker 2  30:48
So it's like we're writing notes in here, like, what siding when it was ordered? Like, it's just such a disaster. And then, if we have it in stock, and then I go and order it, but we have it in stock. There's We literally don't have any inventory management at all.

Speaker 1  31:08
Yeah, no. Um,

Speaker 2  31:31
I mean, the guys have done a great job like keeping up. So this is about what our list stays at, like this length, with like, a lead time of four to six weeks. They're doing way better than they did last year, like last year and the year before. I mean, it was also like, I guess COVID time. We were like, stupid right out, like, to the point where I was like, holy shit. Can I start turning people away? And it was just me, like, in sales.

Unknown Speaker  32:07
So I was like, What the hell?

Speaker 2  32:13
But I think that's like, a huge problem. Like, yeah, so we don't know where the leads are coming from, or what we're paying for them. And then once they get here, it's like

Matthias Miller  32:35
kind of a mess, then managing it operationally.

Speaker 2  32:41
Let's see. So I bought these 70 AI, like robots and, holy shit. I like, probably two or three days into that, and I, like, literally just wanted to bang my head against the ground. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  32:58
I think you need to get I it what I've seen work well for other companies, well in a variety of degrees. There have been times when I've regretted not throwing my hat in the ring and saying, all right, fine, like, let me go build management software for shit companies, because each one has its own upsides and downsides. But what I've seen relatively well has been a dedicated CRM that has the automation tools to one, yeah, and integration, then into order management. And I just, I across the board. I've, I've never seen you either get a you either get a stupid CRM that's packaged in some kind of management software, or you get stupid order management it's packaged with your with a good CRM. But right the scope, I mean, just, just the scope of what you want out of a CRM is too far beyond what most people, I mean, it's just beyond the capacity of companies of the size that are in the space here,

Unknown Speaker  34:12
right?

Matthias Miller  34:16
And so, but probably the biggest, biggest question in my mind. So the managing, the pipeline, all that stuff, I've helped other companies with CRM implementation, and I think there's a little bit of integration that needs to happen, but especially on the idea room side. But a few details there that I completely certain about. But on the order management side, there's really about three, maybe four companies in the space. I don't know how familiar you are with with any of them.

Unknown Speaker  34:55
There's

Matthias Miller  34:57
there's shed app, shed pro. Shit sweet. There may be, like, one maybe two others, I don't really know for sure.

Speaker 2  35:08
So we actually had shed app, and it was in the beginning, like when they first, kind of, like started, like four or five, though, ah, and I just wasn't, like, getting the support that I needed from them and but I also didn't, and I can, I mean, they were in beta for, like, a lot of the order management and all of that, so I really didn't give it

Unknown Speaker  35:45
a chance. Like, well,

Matthias Miller  35:47
I mean, I could tell you, I hope this isn't being disparaging, but I think I could give you an honest perspective on each of the companies. I think, I think shed suite probably, probably has the largest user base I've heard feedback from from users that sometimes it's, they're like, literally, the site itself is slow, and so you're trying to, trying to click through to something, and it just hangs and sometimes even times out, and you got to retry to get get done what you need to get done. But because they have the biggest user base, well and, and I don't know the, I don't know the founder really well, but he, he's, he's a super chill guy, and so you get a different vibe from him versus a, I don't know, like he's not the he's great at what he does, but it's a different vibe that you get than somebody who's like, All right, we're going to take over the world here the on the on the shed app side, I have a close a friend of mine who actually did sales for shut up for a While. One of the biggest challenges they have now is communicating what they actually do have. But, and they are, from what I understand, they're a pretty comprehensive system at this point, but the downside with them is that the owner, again, is very it can be very idealistic, and timeframes on on if you need changes made, if there's some kind of feature that's not supported, I mean, it's it's really not a given that you're going to get it, or a known when you actually are going to get it. And so you really have to make the decision on on that front, and you need to do this with any kind of software selection, but you really need to make the decision based on with them in the particular based based on what features you have right now Today, is it actually going to fit the bill? Yeah, uh, shut up. Doesn't play as nicely with other systems they've promised integration with, with things like EBMs, which is an accounting software,

Speaker 2  38:14
yeah, if I remember correctly, it didn't play very well with QuickBooks either.

Matthias Miller  38:19
Yeah. So I've been, I've been looking at with one of my clients, I've been looking at ways to get data out of Shut up, because they don't, they don't make it easy to do that. I have ways to do that, but it's not like a native, you know? It's not something that they've got built in. Natively integrates. Shed Pro is the one I know the least about.

Matthias Miller  38:45
I was, I know there's been a This is frustrating. Now. I know there was a thread recently in one of the Facebook groups where people were giving specific feedback on different different software platforms. I'm going to see if I could, if I could find that.

Matthias Miller  39:14
How concerned are you about? Like, how in depth are you wanting to go? Like, are you wanting to or, how soon, like, obviously, ordering custom inventory that's a big deal, or custom material of some kind, but build Bill of Materials costing is that? Yeah,

Speaker 2  39:43
so, I mean, at this point, we pay a shit ton for local IQ, um, oh, okay, idea room is like $700 a month or something, yep. Um. And then we pay for everyone to have because right now everything's on like Google workspace, so we pay like $70 a month per user for that, so we can all see the same stuff. The um, then if I because a lot of people don't come in, so we have to, like, send them e sign, yep, uh, every single month, like, I'm paying extra for DocuSign, or, like, we were with another one, but that was, like, super expensive, just to get signatures to prevent us delivering a shed to somebody that they're like, that's not what I ordered.

Speaker 2  40:55
So I guess I just feel like we're paying a ton of money for all of these systems that don't even do what we need them to do. So I'm willing to pay whatever I need to pay, if it has like, the features that we need. You know what I mean? Yes, and I don't know about like like podium, I could downgrade podium and just do like the phones. And, I mean, I guess that's all we use, really, is the phones. And I

Unknown Speaker  41:44
is the texting and the payment. But I mean, like we don't schedule with it, we don't send bulk messages like it struggles to integrate with anything but QuickBooks.

Speaker 2  42:17
But yeah, I think that we need to get away from the paper clipboards on the back of the door, the order like order Management alerting customers like where we are in the process. Yep,

Matthias Miller  42:45
understood, and I again, I can outline some of that stuff more for you.

Speaker 1  42:54
I think it would be I a

Matthias Miller  43:07
few more questions on the sales front. So when email comes in, or when it, when it, when a lead comes in, do you guys, is it just kind of a first come first serve? Whoever's available takes it? Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 2  43:24
And they get, like, an automated message. But it definitely, if you read it, it sounds Robo like, so I always, I mean, the difference is, is, and I'm sure, you know, not everyone's going to care about your business like you do. So like, I can be laying in bed at 1am and somebody submits a design. I get email notifications. I'll write up like, I'll reach out to them right away. I can honestly say I've sold more sheds than probably the normal person between the hours of, like, midnight and 5am which is crazy, like, but I'm like, on my phone, like on my email all the time. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  44:14
I'm not surprised. I've worked with with other companies, and when one was had a dealer model and the best salesperson. I mean, she was a good salesperson, but, like, start with that. But she actually treated it like her own business. And she'd be at a soccer game with her kids, and she's like, All right, hey, sorry, I'm at the soccer game. Can I call you back at 10 this evening and then, or she'd be, you know, watching TV at 10 or 12 o'clock at night, and she gets a message. She's like, hey, like, you know, starts chatting with them and picks up conversations. So, yeah, there's a lot to be said for that, for sure.

Speaker 2  44:51
And I just like, I mean, I know I can't expect that out of everyone. And I guess that's kind of why I'm looking i. For more of like an organized system. And

Matthias Miller  45:06
you're thinking if, if you could basically replicate this. This may have been tying into some of your AI posts, but if you could basically replicate some of that, one, 1am to 5am course correspondence, or just, or just let me, let's go. Let's go get more of the operational stuff off your plate so you can spend your time so it's less of a load for you to sell more

Speaker 2  45:29
so that, yeah, because honestly, like, I enjoy talking to people like, and I'm, like, passionate about sheds. Like, I, I know it sounds stupid. People are like, You're crazy. I'm like, No, I know. But like, like, I'm passionate about what we sell and what I do, and the design portion of it, and, like, the partnerless pavilions, like, like, let me create your backyard and I'll make it. Like, fucking amazing, yeah, but then it's like, I feel like I'm very available when customers first reach out, yep, and then new customers reach out, and I'm just like, I feel like I so struggle to keep up with all of the everything. Yes. And then Mike's like, Did you order vinyl for the shot? And I'm like, no, because I forgot. Like,

Unknown Speaker  46:37
yeah, understand, yeah. All right,

Speaker 2  46:47
we answer this better than me, but like when, when all of these, like systems and processes and softwares are in place, like your business is I daily worth way more correct.

Matthias Miller  47:05
Yes, owner involvement ends up being a huge factor. I mean, because if you're the key employee, and people are effectively purchasing, purchasing the business without the key employee, like there's,

Unknown Speaker  47:23
there's,

Matthias Miller  47:25
uh, yeah, imagine what the business would be worth without you. And I think that's right, so you're exactly right. And I mean, it's, it's a little bit, it's a little trite, but it's, it's still true that the business we're selling is the one that's worth keeping.

Speaker 2  47:45
Yeah, exactly, yeah. And like, we've, like, kind of tossed around. I mean, we have our mics. So Mike's dad started this, like, 40 plus years ago. Then Mike took over in 96 and now his son is 24 and he just had a boy. And then I married Mike 10 years ago, and since then, our youngest boy, like he's 12, not that I'm proud of this, but he'll get suspended from school because he knows that he'll have to come to work here. And that kid can roof like, he can roof a shed faster than half the guys we have here, because he's like, so hands on. And honestly, even my daughter, like, with sales like, she'll design sheds and like, do, like, some Canva stuff, just like, dipping her toes in a little bit. Yeah, and I'm like, we need this business to be set up for them. Like, I don't want to leave them with the mess that Mike's dad left for us. Right?

Matthias Miller  49:00
Yes, I think one of the most well, here's a proposal for for the use of some of my time that we've got blocked out. I wonder if there's any way I could. I wonder what are the most useful things I haven't I haven't done this before, but I think it'd be useful for you is if I did.

Unknown Speaker  49:38
Well, I don't know

Matthias Miller  49:40
we can kind of create this together, but, but potentially putting together a I'd be open to actually some of the time that we have here to literally getting on calls and doing demos with different companies and and. Seeing if we can assess that a little bit, what's, what's the which ones are even going to come remotely close to doing what you need. And I really am interested in,

Matthias Miller  50:19
yeah, I feel like, especially with here's, here's what I really, really want, but I don't have. But what I really want, would love to have is basically a consumer report of from end users, of of the different from the different software vendors. Yeah. Because fundamentally, I think what you need, obviously, we need to. We can improve. We do all those things eventually we want to. I mean, we could probably fairly quickly eliminate, we cut a bunch of cost in in local IQ. But realistically, it doesn't make sense to me to make do a lot of work until we've we've nailed down the software system, the order management system, and then at the point that we do have the order management system, we can look at marketing, because there we want, we want data fed back out. Do you guys sell anything besides sheds? Do you guys do you mentioned gazebos?

Unknown Speaker  51:21
Yeah. Pavilion.

Speaker 2  51:25
So we're the only people in Maine that will do custom builds, okay,

Speaker 2  51:37
which are like, I mean, technically, because we do like cabins and shed stuff, but we're the only custom shed builder, I guess I would say, up here, and I'm

Unknown Speaker  52:04
Can you still see my screen? Yes, I can. So, like,

Speaker 2  52:14
like this boat. So that was for like, a they do, like, I mean, they're lobster people, like lobsters, or whatever, fishermen. But they do like tours. So they're one of, like the biggest down on the water, like, it's called rocky bottom tours. And this is before it was completely done, but that had, this has like a ticket window, so where they're seasonal, we put it on the trailer. We made it small enough so, like the husband could tow it down to the waterfront. But there's like storage under here. There's electrical has a generator hooked up to it, and that's obviously not a standard shed, but they paid like, a ton of money for that.

Unknown Speaker  53:08
It's awesome. Sometimes

Speaker 2  53:12
we still see it, like driving around, like, the beginning of the season, we'll like, see it. They put it in parades and, like, all of this crazy stuff, um, but they literally paid like 85 grand for that.

Speaker 1  53:25
That is awesome. Isn't that crazy? It's crazy.

Speaker 2  53:31
So like, and then this one, I guess I just feel like we have so many custom options, like even our idea room now doesn't handle that. Yeah. Yeah, and

Matthias Miller  53:46
that's a little bit where you,

Matthias Miller  53:59
you guys also have outdoor furniture in play sets, not

Speaker 2  54:02
play sets, not play sets anymore. Well, just like the wooden theme, like the castles, boats, trains, airplanes, trucks, but not like the vinyl swing sets, because Maine has some statue where, if we're going to sell them, we need some certain insurance, other than what we have to install them. And like, we got, because we're we didn't know that we were selling them anyways and installing them, um, and then, like, we got the quote back, and it was, like, stupid money. Like, like, not even worth US selling them. Like, I mean, who pays $8,000 for a vinyl swing set? Like, not me. I'm gonna go to Costco, right, exactly. And if I can't see myself, and I know I shouldn't always be like this, but if I can't see myself buying a product, I'll ask, like, you know, a variety of different people. And. Think it's the same people pretty much every time. Like, would you like, ever buy something like this? And I like, kind of do a poll, and if not, I don't even bother Interesting.

Matthias Miller  55:22
Interesting. Oh, go ahead. Are you guys doing your own website? Are you?

Speaker 2  55:30
Yeah, so we do our own website. It's through like WordPress right now, yep, our hosting is like through Ionis, yep, and we were paying somebody to do the website.

Speaker 2  55:50
But it was not, I like to be able to, like, switch things out regularly, like photos and inventory, and I because right now, like our in stock, inventory is all in a spreadsheet.

Unknown Speaker  56:09
So

Matthias Miller  56:19
have you guys? I Okay, so you

Matthias Miller  56:31
play houses are effectively a customized shed your your like your castles and boats stuff are basically, are those kits you make or kits that you resell?

Speaker 2  56:41
No, we resell them. We buy them from quality hillside.

Matthias Miller  56:46
Okay, and do you guys? Do you guys do assembly or just sell them as kits? No,

Speaker 2  56:53
we well, we order them as kits, because we can truck more out, you know, then we build the kits here, and then we deliver them and, like, attach the additions. And then if we sell one and we can't get or it has to go on a fence or whatever, then we'll COVID on site. But we do charge them more for that. Yep.

Matthias Miller  57:18
Have you done any, any? Forgive me for the rabbit hole. But have you? Have you? Have you done any dedicated marketing campaigns just for playground equipment?

Speaker 2  57:30
No. I mean No, not really. I mean a Facebook post here and there like but other than that, now, if

Matthias Miller  57:43
you could sell 50 more of these a year, 100 more of these a year, would that make you happy? Or would you

Speaker 2  57:49
Yeah, so anything that I can sell, that I like, that we don't have to build, okay, would make me happy, like the pergolas, pavilions and gazebos. We get all of those from country lane, right? And I mean, their lead times are a little ridiculous, but I think they're probably going through some similar issues to us, but that we it takes us couple hours to build and install it on site.

Matthias Miller  58:27
Yeah, and it's and it's a much higher perceived value than what it actually costs, exactly. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  58:45
yeah, you're How did you have you? Okay, so on the play sets, it's also very much, here's the catalog, like there's not really customization, besides, potentially there's left side, right side, type of switching around. But

Speaker 1  59:03
other than that, okay,

Matthias Miller  59:07
so from the perspective size, but it's still standard

Unknown Speaker  59:12
sizes, like, not custom sizes,

Matthias Miller  59:15
right? Exactly, and, and so that's very much a here's what we got. Like, do you want to do? Not, do you not? So from an from order management service software, it doesn't really matter all that much.

Matthias Miller  59:36
Hang on.

Unknown Speaker  59:44
Okay,

Matthias Miller  59:52
and then do you guys have? How do you guys do? Did you send over anything on No sweat? Be here. Do you have any quote form, especially for those pavilions, gazebos?

Unknown Speaker  1:00:12
Oh, I have,

Speaker 2  1:00:15
literally, their price sheets. Okay, that come in Excel. Okay, then I enter, like it has a percentage calculator. Then it turns all the retail pricing to the correct whatever. And then, literally, I have to price out like each style is a different price sheet. There's like, so much to it where, honestly, customers come in and they're like, Okay, I know what I want. I'm like, do you want? Like, I'll try to give people price sheets when they're like, not sure. And they're like, No, I'm going to tell you what I want, and I want you to price it out for me, because they it's so overwhelming to even look at the stupid price sheet. I'm like, But country lane started two years ago, like a quote form that, like, automatically did everything, and then it just

Unknown Speaker  1:01:11
kind of dropped off the face of deer. The website link was gone. Every time I ask about it still, they're like, Oh, we're still working on some things, not

Matthias Miller  1:01:27
to read the truth lines too much, but I've been around enough software projects to know that something went wildly sideways, yeah, and probably a little kind of shy. I Yeah, all right, fair enough. But again, with those it really is, even though you've got, I don't even know how many is it, hundreds of SKUs, maybe it's all still ultimately fix pricing based on whatever pricing they set. So really, and same with the outdoor furniture, I'm sure that that works basically the same way.

Matthias Miller  1:02:20
So, so really still, when it comes to Lyd building and modeling, you're only really looking for sheds. Is that sheds and cabins, right? Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:30
okay.

Speaker 2  1:02:34
Because, honestly, if it's something like custom, something like that boat, right, has to draw that up in CAD anyways, yeah, uses, like, SketchUp or autopad, or whatever it is that he uses, yeah, so, like, for the threed building online, it's the garages and sheds really, right? Yeah?

Unknown Speaker  1:03:10
All right, I'm

Matthias Miller  1:03:24
fascinating. All

Matthias Miller  1:03:31
right, so this is also jumping around, okay, so on which particular area is, where do customers feel the most, the most pain point when you say that they show up and you know they're pulling out their hair, because it takes forever to pull stuff together, is that, does that end up being? Is that across the board? Are there pieces of it that are worse, worse than others, like for sheds? Yeah. Well, yeah, is it? Is that primarily for sheds, where you're experiencing that pain across the board?

Speaker 2  1:04:06
No, so I would say, like with the sheds, it's the

Speaker 2  1:04:17
ordering process. I mean, besides the fact that it's on paper, and I have to, like, give them a copy and whatever, like, I would honestly say that if we did a survey, and I mean, we get like, five star reviews, a couple every day, but It's more like, I would honestly say it's more internal, like, I try not, you know, and then I feel bad, like when I'm doing all this communicating back and forth, like, during the design process and during the like. For before I sell it, and then I sell it, and it's kind of like, okay, like, I'll be in touch when we're getting ready to schedule delivery, yep. But then when I go to Schedule delivery, they're like, oh, like, we didn't even know it was started. Like, we're still waiting on our site work or our driveway is getting paid for whatever the case is. Where, if I if they got a text or a message saying, like, Hey, your sheds about to be started, like, they could call or reach back out and be like, Okay, this is great, but I won't be ready for it until this day, and then we don't have a yard full of, like, customer sheds waiting to get delivered until they're ready. Right? Exactly, like, what

Speaker 1  1:05:56
was that? No, I get it.

Speaker 2  1:06:00
And then we have, like, like, we have a framing table in the shop. We have a rafter press. We have, I don't know, some other thing that you type the number into and it automatically cuts it. So we, like, have all of these things. And, like, obviously every 10 wide, extended Gable takes the same rafters. Yep, you know what I mean. So it's just like, the automation and like, organization,

Speaker 1  1:06:41
yeah, like kind of Yes, yep, yep,

Speaker 2  1:07:02
yeah. Are we doing these problems?

Matthias Miller  1:07:06
No, you're not. I mean, you know, part of, part of the issue too, is that you you're wearing most companies that you're at your size don't necessarily have. Well, they do you let me. Let me ask this question. Do you have any kind of admin assistant or anything along those lines?

Unknown Speaker  1:07:34
No, that's me, exactly so.

Matthias Miller  1:07:37
So most companies of your size do not have, like, the full time sales plus admin assistant, you know, plus everything else. And you do need software to put some of these things in place. But you also, I think, need, once you have some of the software and some of that stuff streamlined, having a great, trustworthy bookkeeper, slash admin assistant to like,

Matthias Miller  1:08:12
who wears the does Mike wear the production manager hat? Or do you wear the not

Speaker 2  1:08:18
me, I can produce. So our oldest son runs our shop, okay, fans, but so Mike does. He works

Unknown Speaker  1:08:33
on the business

Speaker 2  1:08:35
financials, like all of that, plus he delivers because we can't find a driver.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:45
Then he

Speaker 2  1:08:47
does all, like the custom drawings, all the custom estimates.

Speaker 2  1:08:57
He used to be in the shop a lot. He doesn't really have much time for that now, but I think like and I mean, part of that too is the communication between Mike and chance and Hodge in the shop, or Chance and Aaron.

Speaker 2  1:09:21
Mike does a lot of the ordering as far as like materials, as far as like lumber goes, garage doors, custom crap versus I mean, I can order vinyl like I know how to figure out how many square vinyl we need for this and but I say that, and then we already have some in stock. And

Unknown Speaker  1:09:45
now we're like, you know, because we don't stock any final siding, like, we'll have leftovers occasionally, but we don't have, like, a

Speaker 2  1:09:59
okay, we're. To keep 10 square of white in stock, or because it's literally so all over the place. Yep, that like, I can't honestly think, I mean maybe white and like, this little influence. But other than that, people want to match their houses like so now, from like, we our like, standard vinyl comes from blue links, but then you get people that want to match their houses. And there's so many manufacturers and like, not every signing place sells that vinyl. So it's like chasing this almost, and we upgrade the vinyl, like we charge them for upgraded vinyl,

Unknown Speaker  1:10:47
but it's still like kind of a mess. So like with the whip list,

Speaker 2  1:11:00
I like, recently added what it was for siding, and then, like, where to get it from? Yep, because Mike will be like, Oh, do we get this vinyl from blue links? Because there's so much that we're just both kind of like,

Unknown Speaker  1:11:21
tell us, yes.

Matthias Miller  1:11:27
All right, so I'm just gonna throw this on the radar, and I'll put more of this stuff together and spell it out more, and we can go over this stuff together, but yeah, some form of admin assistant, because it's very you could very clearly spell out we get this final from there, and that's that vital from there and and, you know, you know, at some point, you know what is going to go out in the shop and, like, let's figure out how to break down. Let's, let's find all the simple stuff that we can teach you how to order and make you responsible for ordering that, and all this stuff that's more complex. Well, let's figure out how to break it down, or let's figure out how to they use. You spend five minutes of your time explaining it, and they spent the rest of the 20 or 30 minutes to call the vendor and iron out the details or whatever needs to happen. But get get all the low hanging fruit off the tree and, and, yes, you need software, but this is kind of like a, probably, you know, kind of a phase, phase Two or phase three would be tremendously useful. And I

Unknown Speaker  1:12:44
yeah, I would agree with that.

Matthias Miller  1:12:47
I don't care if you have software or not. Like, I say this to a lot of people, a lot of the time. I thought hiring a project manager was I just thought, I didn't think project managers did anything. Like, what's the point of that? Until you have one and you're like, oh, okay, there were a lot of spinning plates. Yeah. So, so somebody who has, who has some of those project management skills, admin, project management type of stuff would be, I feel would give you a huge breather. You and Mike both, yeah, in the business.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:30
Do you?

Matthias Miller  1:13:36
So then once, but once, once the vinyl is ordered, once it's ready to build, it's a black box. And chance does whatever he and the rest of the guys do out the shop. So you find out somehow when it gets started, hopefully. And then they get it done, they pull it out of the shop. And right now they're saying, Hey, Mike, this is ready to go out. Is that that works?

Speaker 2  1:14:05
Yeah. So they're like, because then it comes back to me, me and John, and we schedule it. So like, on the whip list, I guess I have three of them. So when it's highlighted all the way, yep, that means it's ready to ship. Okay? And then like these. So I have to go out and check these ones to see where they're at in the process. Does that make sense? Yep. And then once they're all the way highlighted, we call and we schedule them, or chance will come in, or Hodge will come in and be like the the vinyl was just delivered for these two. That's the last. We have like, you can schedule these, okay? And then our scheduling system is just about as stupid as the back of the door system. Sure.

Matthias Miller  1:15:19
Okay. Do you have any way to know is Mike, the one who sets pricing? Or do you? Do you help with that? How does that happen?

Unknown Speaker  1:15:38
No, that's Mike. I

Unknown Speaker  1:15:42
think. It was

Unknown Speaker  1:15:50
Yeah. He's that okay? Sorry,

Matthias Miller  1:15:56
I had another question for you. I

Speaker 1  1:16:09
Yeah, so hold on. That's I think I have one husband there. I

Unknown Speaker  1:16:28
So he has like,

Speaker 2  1:16:35
and I don't understand any of this. I

Matthias Miller  1:16:47
I'm happy to ask him, we don't have to get buried in that. And then I

Matthias Miller  1:17:01
had it and I lost it again. I had another specific question. I had for

Matthias Miller  1:17:21
you. I did have another, another curious question. It went around sales people and curious why you opted I'm not saying it's right or wrong. I fear I'll frame this. There's a guy I've followed for a while, and he he was in the online business realm, and he fired his commission only sales people, and went to hourly wage salespeople, and everybody told him, who's absolutely crazy for doing it and but what happened unexpectedly, He actually had his he had a coaching program, Business Business Consulting, business coaching. He actually had his coaches get on, get on calls with people to do sales. And they were like, well, we're not sales people. He's like, Well, you don't have to be. Let's just talk to them and solve their problem and point them in the right direction and tell them not to work with us if they're not, if we can't help them. And and so they did. And his his conversion rates went up dramatically. So and, and everybody was telling him, you're stupid for doing this. And, and so this is all contextual. I'm coming this very much from a curious perspective. I'm curious why, why you opted or why they're on an hourly rate. And hear a little bit more about compensation structure,

Unknown Speaker  1:18:45
yeah, so Well,

Speaker 2  1:18:53
right now, our one salesperson besides me is our oldest son's girlfriend and mother of his baby, so that's why She's on hourly, yep, or salary, rather, sure. But we just hired this guy a couple months ago. He like, Oh, my God, he made me crazy. Like, like, I I couldn't even look at him without being like, annoyed so and I didn't rush into hiring him like he had a extremely impressive resume. Thank you, the AI probably, and he interviewed pretty well, like showed interest. So I gave him like I. Learning Materials. I'm talking like shed specification sheet, like brochures, samples of, like the flooring samples of and I was like, Really, it's not sales. If you know the product, if you learn the product like you like, so I gave him this two months in advance, while he was like, unemployed, yep. And then he'd like, keep, like, checking in occasionally. And then finally, he's like, yeah. Like, I, I think this is a great opportunity. Like, I'd love to, I uh, and then he was commission. And I was like, He's gonna do well, like I took, because I'm salary, I guess, but I took everything that I sold in a week, yep, on, like, the Commission numbers that, like, we agreed to with him and his commission for that week would have been, like, over $3,000 Yep, right? Like, stupid money, yep. He didn't research, he didn't study, he didn't learn any of the product a customer would call and he would literally type their question into like, chat. GBT, I shit you not. It was literally a fucking nightmare, a nightmare,

Unknown Speaker  1:21:36
sorry.

Speaker 2  1:21:39
And then so when he first started, he's like, or before he started, he goes, I have like, marketing degree and blah, blah, blah, and I've done like this my whole life. And he seemed like a genuine dude like that liked money, that liked to work to make the money. And he was the complete opposite of that. Yep, his marketing ideas, because I like to involve other people like I like these employees to feel, even if I don't care about their opinion, I still want them to feel like I do, you know exactly. So I'm literally, like, asking him. I'm like, oh, like, what are some of your marketing ideas? Like, I should have known when I showed him, like the local IQ dashboard and like the idea room, and when he was kind of like, well, but his marketing ideas were bumper stickers.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:47
It was literally fucking awful.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:51
Uh, well,

Speaker 2  1:22:53
and now, since he's left, he has a he made a website for himself. Well, a couple websites. He's a professional DJ, apparently he's a marketing coach, so he doesn't know anything about marketing, but he can coach you. And then there was something else, like, Oh, he's working on getting licensed to sell health insurance or something.

Speaker 2  1:23:21
I uh, all right, but I'm an asshole. Like, right? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:23:27
exactly, yeah, you're the worst boss ever. Yeah. I was like, get a chance to earn 150k a year? Like, literally, make it happen. Obvious, yeah, anyway. Like,

Unknown Speaker  1:23:41
so now I'm kind of like, like, yeah, commission gives

Unknown Speaker  1:23:50
them

Speaker 2  1:23:53
the whatever, like, the initiative to sell. But I think every person that I've hired for sales just doesn't want to learn the product like

Speaker 2  1:24:14
So, or use their resources to find the answers. Right? I mean, besides chat GPT,

Matthias Miller  1:24:26
well, I mean, and chat GPT isn't bad, as long as it's, you know, you have a custom GPT that actually has your specifications in it, instead of pulling it off the internet from 1000s of shit, hundreds of shed companies or whatever, wherever it comes from. Who knows vinyl siding?

Speaker 2  1:24:41
No, like not when we have a platform that you can paint. And he's like, yeah, absolutely, we paint vinyl all the time. No, we don't. Hope never done that.

Matthias Miller  1:24:56
So this one's an interesting one, because I.

Matthias Miller  1:25:05
Uh, it feels to me like there's a man. These are a bunch of partially formulated thoughts from all kinds of experience that I'm going to try to pull together. You have what most people know of as the quintessential salesperson. Like, are you familiar with disc at all? No, okay, disc is a personality profile. It measures human versus task preference and measures extroversion versus introversion and and there's some that measure other kinds of nuances, but basically the quintessential salesperson is the person who's outgoing. Loves people very, extremely goal oriented and very money oriented as well, like and and so I want to highlight one thing you did right is that you have a commission structure where he legitimately can earn 125 and 150k a year, and you're not going to get a good salesperson like you're not going to get, I mean, you might get a fine, okay, salesperson, but you're not going to get an exceptional salesperson without those numbers. So, so pointing out a little bit of the gap. Part of the gap is, is those types of sales people are busy selling somewhere else right now, right? And so you're going to have to go find, go find sales people who are it for that type of salesperson. Go find somebody who's already selling something successfully. And then, and then you, you basically pitch them on. Look, we have this proven process. We have the leads. We can teach you how to sell, and you can earn 150k a year. Like, it's very doable, and we're not going to cap you. If you can figure out a way to sell 200 and earn 200 go for it. Like, yeah, and, and we don't have an ego about who's making the most money around here, because that's anyway. There's all kinds of nightmare stories around that. But

Speaker 2  1:27:04
Hannah and I are salary like, like, we don't make permission, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:27:11
yeah, and, and it's fine. I mean, you guys are building equity in the business and all this other kinds of stuff. But, like, but as long as you guys, I've had owners literally renegotiate down salespeople salaries because they were earning more than production or something else, just crazy stuff. But anyway, so that's the quintessential salesperson, and you can do that. There is a very small, narrow window of other people, and I don't know exactly, I've not seen enough of them to to be able to wrap my head around exactly who they are and what makes them particularly unique, but, but you remind me of one of those people. And so the closest picture I have of this is, is my is my sister. She. She was super, very outgoing, extroverted, relationally, but but also very detailed with in task orientation, and so she would drive other sales people crazy, because they couldn't figure out why, why she how she thought, why she think the way that she think, and she's like, she would go see somebody. She would pick out the people who have money. She would go to them she was selling furniture and and she would go to them and start talking to them. And she talked about an heirloom that she got from her grandma, and like, buying into all this stuff that really mattered to them, and then she would sell them just enough to get it over. There was a certain threshold you had to sell them, like, I don't know, I think it was only like several 1000, 1000 or three or something, certain threshold where they became your customer. So she would just sell in a small order, and then she'd know that six months down the road, they're going to come back and they're going to place a $20,000 furniture order with her. And, and meanwhile, all the other sales people were just like, they're they're trying to just like, Okay, how many, how many sales can we collect this week? And, and she's here weighing the odds, like, all right, like that. That that person, yeah, they're gonna buy today, but they're not worth that much, and they're not gonna be back later. And, and she was playing chess when everybody else was playing checkers. And, and she was also like, had you know she she knew the biggest breaks breakthrough for her in selling the the back end operations was just a mess, and she was operationally minded enough that she actually covered a bunch of that stuff. And she kept hitting a ceiling. She had her own sales goal. Sales Manager would set one goal. She'd set her own goal higher than that, what she thought she could hit? Hello.

Speaker 2  1:29:59
Say. I have a sales goal, oh, or, like, a low and then I have a high sales goal.

Matthias Miller  1:30:09
I love it. And then she but what really flipped the switch for her was what, like, she's, like, operations isn't my problem. I wasn't hired to fix operations. If you guys want the business to fall apart in operations, I mean, we're just going to get my commission. But I mean, you guys can create headaches for yourself, and when she finally let that go, she she went all out and hit her high sales goal. And so you remind me of that kind of person where it's about product expertise. You have enough of an operational mind that you can fit together the operational pieces. You're not necessarily what most people would call a quintessential salesperson. Doesn't mean you can't sell. You can't very clearly.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:52
And, yeah, no, I would totally agree with that.

Matthias Miller  1:30:54
So then the challenge, I would say, is that, and I don't know if this resonates with you. Just this is just kind of the knee jerk reaction off of observation is that is that when you're hiring, you're trying to hire, you're trying to hire this, this what you perceive to be the quintessential salesperson. Like, it's almost like this hybrid, like

Matthias Miller  1:31:28
like, I feel like, maybe part of the answer, maybe, let's go find it's one of two things. Let's go find a let's go find somebody else who can pin down the quintessential salesperson and go find that person and plug them in. What I'm not sure about is, even if you have somebody who's got everything in place, whether they would enjoy the culture that you've created now that it's good or bad, it's just a very different way of operating. So So what if we flip this and what if we said, there's probably some people who are very similar to you, like, basically, can we go through the people, and what if one of the hiring criteria is, basically, could we be friends? And I'm going to assume that your definition of friends is you probably don't actually enjoy again, I may be misreading, tell me this is right. You can give me your feedback, but you're not the kind of person who's who has you know, you're getting together with all of your girlfriends, and you're, you're strolling through this mall doing absolutely nothing and just exploring and like, without me. Like, let's go have something to do. Like, I want to do it with people, but I gotta have something to do. Yeah. And so if you started making a list of who are some of your closest friends, who do you get along with, who do you like, you're going to start noticing traits and some of those people. All right, so which of those people, something else about you is also the like, like,

Matthias Miller  1:33:11
very opinionated, but also sacrificial at the same time, very independent, but also sacrificial at the same time. Yeah, and, and so you're not going to like somebody you're not going to enjoy working with somebody who's got a huge ego, but you're not going to mind working with somebody who disagrees with you, as long as you can actually talk through the disagreement. And so of those people who are friends of yours, who are the people you think that could actually do the job of selling who's got the who's got the the grit and the resolve, who's got that ability? But we, we, we lost my sister to cancer about two years ago, and, yeah, we went through her phone. She had three, 500 contacts in her phone. And when we were, when we were together as a family, before her funeral, all the cousins, all the nieces and nephews, were talking about their stories, and there is this palpable disappointment in the room, because all of them literally felt like they were the most important niece or nephew. And I just called it out. I was like, she had this way. Julia Ruth had this way of making everybody feel like they were your favorite. She did, yeah, and she did. And so that is one of those things, like, where's the going down through the list? What are the traits that really make you shine, make you succeed? What are the values for you? It's, it's this productivity piece, like we got goals, we're going to hit them, but it's also, there's this person in. Front of that, front of me. I want to make sure they're valued, they're taken care of, care of I want to find a way to connect in whatever way that looks like for me, right? And so I guess my point being part of the one of the good exercises could be going down the list and of friends that you have, and seeing if you could kind of sort through which of these do, I think they might not be willing or available, but which, which ones do I think would actually excel in a sales role, right? And then there's the level, level three of this, which is, again, try it might, might be trite, but birds of a feather really do flock together. And so they also have friends who share similar traits to themselves. And so if, if you can, so there's any number of ways you can use it. Use this in the hiring pool you can't like if you go post, if you go post a job opening in a homeschool group, you're more likely to get, okay, you're you're likely to get people who can be pretty opinionated and independent, but you're also likely to get people who actually have some level of work ethic. Why? Because they all hang together. If you go fish in a pool around a healthy church culture, then you're more likely to find people who who aren't going to steal from you and aren't going to rob you blind. But there's also pockets in there where people take advantage of that, and it can actually be just as bad or worse in there, but and then go find these. So keeping in mind, kind of okay, there's this there's this picture, this ideal person I'm looking for. What social circles are they in right now? What jobs are they in right now? They probably feel if they're in a sales role already. So, so my sister went from a nonprofit, from the nonprofit world. That was the first time in sales. So it really felt like an anomaly, and she surprised a lot of people, but, but you know, what are the what are the types of roles these people frequently find themselves in, also when it comes to job descriptions, like what is my sister would actually say this. She said she was very goal oriented, but she said she would actually, she thinks she would actually make more money if she would be on salary, and her metric was how much money she was making the company,

Speaker 2  1:37:44
right? Yeah, no, that makes total sense. And like, because as far as like, job well, job descriptions go like,

Speaker 2  1:38:01
you know, I don't know, because having an admin assistant, somebody to print brochures and put that stuff together and making sure stuff's priced, and that would be an admin assistant. So then, if they were on commission, you know what? I mean, like all of these other things wouldn't be getting done if they were just on sales commission, but that's fine because there's an admin assistant that correct. Yeah, yes,

Matthias Miller  1:38:31
and, and you're going to if there's a way, if you actually have top sales talent, I mean, some of the best.

Unknown Speaker  1:38:42
I feel like,

Matthias Miller  1:38:46
I kind of feel like you're going to end up needing to make a choice with your sales culture, because I have a friend of mine. He's not cheap, but he's got an exceptional track record with hiring, kind of the quintessential salesperson types. And I feel like, when it comes to a proven path, that's probably the, probably the proven path going down, down the road of kind of this alternate and you can filter some of that based on consultative, selling style and other things like that, right? But, but regardless, some of the some of the sales people,

Matthias Miller  1:39:32
the more emotionally, the more operationally minded the salesperson is, the more emotionally sensitive they are, the more important it is for them, for the back office operations to be because they feel like they're making promises that are going to be kept or not kept, and they want to make sure they can sell something that's kept. And also having that the idea of having an admin assistant, well, I don't. Know, supporting the salesperson. It's this is one of those not shocking surprises, but sales output is directly proportional to the amount of time. The number one factor in sales person output is the amount of time they're talking spending, spending talking to qualified prospects, right? So let's get everything else off their plates. They could do that, because that's their highest value work. And that's

Unknown Speaker  1:40:27
literally, like, I don't think anyone's ever said it to me like that before, but that, like, literally hits, like, all this little stuff that can be handled by somebody else. Like, I think it'll be hard for me to let go of it all. Like, if that, what do you call it? Hold on. I tells me this every day. Like, pass it on. What does that word, holy

Matthias Miller  1:41:01
shit, you mean delegate, yeah, yeah,

Speaker 2  1:41:05
yeah. So that's like, honestly, one of my biggest downfalls,

Matthias Miller  1:41:11
and one of the challenges is, okay, there are people in the world who are just good at one thing. I can't shoot a basketball, but I can paint horse, you know, draw horses, sketch horses. Yeah, you're not that person, right? And I think the worst thing is when you're so you, when you when you could be so good at so many different things, and you love the speed and control of being able to push stuff forward, which I don't view as a negative. It's just

Unknown Speaker  1:41:50
part of it. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:41:53
it can be really difficult to step back and let go. The difference is, again, other factors to look for in an assistant. I mean, obviously there's things like attention to detail, ability to organize, but raw intelligence matters you're you're also the pace at which you move, the pace at which you process information. You're you have high, just high raw intelligence, and you're not going to enjoy working with somebody that's not no and you can have somebody on your team if you need to have somebody who's less of that. And that's that may also tie into a little bit of the holler disconnect. I don't really know for sure, but haulers are not complicated people ever. I was working with a client recently, and he was having a problem with holler, and he he's like, I don't Admittedly, I might be on the spectrum. I don't know. I can't work with people, but I understand haulers. And if I need something from them, I take them out for lunch or breakfast, or I give them a box of donuts, like, yeah, that world is not, that's not, that's not the world that you live in.

Speaker 2  1:43:09
No, and that's like, because we've tried to hire several drivers or haulers, and Mike and I were literally just talking about this the other day, like, we need to look at a different pool of people. Like, because the truck drivers, that's exactly what they want to drive the truck. They don't want to get out, unload it, level it like, do any of that. They just want to drive from point A to point B, so we kind of need to, like, I guess, yep, same thing look for, like, a different pool

Unknown Speaker  1:43:51
of people.

Matthias Miller  1:43:54
So have you? You've historically been trying to hire truck drivers into the the delivery side.

Speaker 2  1:44:03
So we had this one truck driver or one hauler, and he's just old now, like he was with us for 1520, years, okay? And now he's transitioned to driving a dump truck two days a week, where he doesn't get out of the truck at all, just two days a week, and he's like, semi retired. And then we've had like, people in between that and Mike that just can't seem to I figure it out, or we're getting like calls for, like the sheds on level or right, just making more like a bunch. Little things that add up to like, costing us more time and money, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:45:08
basically.

Speaker 2  1:45:13
But I mean, the positive side of that is, we don't like to operate our trucks. You don't need a CDL, sure. Yeah. Yeah, so

Matthias Miller  1:45:32
we'll give your give your 12 year old, six years don't know if he wants to or not, but you know, the key traits is attention to detail and a natural risk reversal and and looking for more of a methodical type of type of person, but also tactical and hands on right and and also a bit of a, I don't know if this

Matthias Miller  1:46:14
is exactly right, but if you had to put them on the spec, on some kind of Energizer Bunny spectrum, you can't have him down at zero, but you also can't have him up at 10. So you know, some kind of six where there's drive to like, Hey, I don't mind getting out and moving things around. And I'm going to make sure everything's done right? But I don't need to be racing, racing from one place to the next. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:46:53
Yeah. One

Matthias Miller  1:47:00
of the, one of the things that can be really useful. Where have you, historically, have you just hired from your network? Have you posted on job boards? What's that look like? So

Speaker 2  1:47:10
as far as like sales people, local kind of hiring? Zip recruiter, indeed. Facebook groups, career fairs, like job fairs,

Speaker 2  1:47:36
yeah, and then as far as like the driver goes, Mike's posted in, geez, like, all these shed hauler sites, all like the Facebook pages, the um,

Unknown Speaker  1:47:52
a bunch of trailer groups like, Just along with like, the local hiring sites and bears and and he had it listed for like, 35 $40 an hour,

Speaker 2  1:48:11
like one guy was going to come up from PA, and he was a young, well, maybe like late 30s, But that's all he had ever done, was shed hauling. But his wife, like, was pregnant, they were about to have their baby. We like, literally emptied one of our because we own 30 something rental properties on top of this. And we actually, like, kept one of our duplexes open for, like, his family. And then I think, like, maybe the wife got cold feet, like first baby leaving their family. Like it just wasn't a super great time. They were, like, big homeschoolers. And

Speaker 2  1:49:08
and he'll still like, well, one last time. But like, up until recently, I know, like, you'd write to Mike and be, hey, any luck finding anyone? Mike's like, Yeah, a few people like, here and there. They don't usually last and Mike does, like, if somebody's interested in the positions, Michael literally taken the truck with them for a couple of days to, like, show them first of all, but like, learn about them, and like, try to get like, what their motive motivators are and like, how we're going to keep

Speaker 2  1:49:49
but it's hard like, and I think part of it is our expectations. I feel like. That's one of our biggest life's problem, like we have high expectations,

Unknown Speaker  1:50:05
right? Well, I mean,

Matthias Miller  1:50:15
what's the what's the market for truck drivers as a as a whole in your area. Do you know

Speaker 2  1:50:26
that's my know that like we have, and I guess I never thought about this, but we have a bunch of like, beer distributors that are around us, like National distributor nappy, like a bunch of them, and again, these people have a class B or a Class A, they drive truck. They literally unload them, bring them into the the store. They don't put them away, like, they just literally bring them in, back to the truck, on to the next one, and they make like, bank like, my cousin's actually one of them, and he makes, like, good money. And he said that to me before. He's like, I would totally deliver sheds, like, but he's like, honestly, he's like, this is easy money, right?

Matthias Miller  1:51:27
It's easy work. Well, okay, so, so, but here's another way to think about it, instead of positioning yourself so you're gonna have a hard time positioning yourself against the truck driver position if they're needing truck drivers. And I grew up in retail. I know what kind of I know, how low the expectation, how low the bar is, for some of those, some of those positions, like one truck driver reported finding some of his colleagues, you know, passed out drunk in the warehouse behind some pallets, because, you know, nobody checks on them, whatever, and so. But if you would position this against, but is there any way you could position this against? Like, could you tap into the construction market more like, here's, here's an extreme example. And I know you guys don't have, well, it's you're not selling the heat in the same way where you guys are at but you're selling, you know, do you want to, do you want to stop the back breaking roofing job that you have, but you still love, and maybe roofing isn't quite right, but, but you still, you still want to be hands on. You want to be doing something you don't want to and so and and earn again. I don't know what market rates are like in your area, but you still want to be able to earn good money, but without breaking your back, right? It. Pitch it. Pitch it. If you can go into that pool suddenly and and find, you know, there you've got somebody who has, if you can find somebody who has some construction, well, here's the other issue. There's also skills issue on the driver's side, because they're not thinking about construction like, I mean, not even crossing their mind that things have to be level, but if you got somebody with a construction background, then it's going to be a no brainer, like, if this isn't level, the door is not going to close, right? And you're going to have repair issues. And it's, it's, you know?

Speaker 2  1:53:39
Yeah, now that makes sense. I was thinking like, yeah, no, that actually makes way more sense. I was thinking like, tow truck drivers because they have to get out and load cars and like, but I think you're totally right. Like, I

Unknown Speaker  1:54:03
do you have

Matthias Miller  1:54:06
three to five let's go back to your polling idea, which I loved. Do you have three to five friends, connections, who are doing something like this, some kind of blue collar work like this? Construction? Yep. Yeah, and so two ideas. One, you could just ping them for ideas, say, or just get them get their feedback. Look, we have this type of a role. You might not be looking to switch. You might be like, What do you think? Like? If, if things lined up for you to make the switch, would you go for this? Yeah. And what would have to be, what would have to be true for you to want to take this job and and so they'll give you feedback to refine, refine that. But then there's also the still. Goes back to these. These people know each other. Uh, like, are there, are there good people that you know that we should be talking to about that? But then you can also, even in your even in your job listings, you can use, you can call out that construction experience is a plus, right? The other thing that you can do, especially if you're using zip recruiter, indeed, and some of those things less so with it's a little more difficult. With Facebook groups, you have to be a little careful. You

Matthias Miller  1:55:45
Uh, okay, like, here's, this could actually be a really, potentially interesting.

Matthias Miller  1:55:56
You can give them some kind of filter, something that they have to do besides a resume. And if you had something as simple as if you're looking for construction experience, if you had something as simple as text me, something that you built or worked on that you're proud of,

Unknown Speaker  1:56:14
yeah, so

Matthias Miller  1:56:16
they're not going to want to fill out most likely, I don't know this is making broad brushstrokes statements, but people who are very tactical and hands on sometimes struggle expressing themselves in words. Oh, yeah, no. 100% resume is not gonna look great. Go ahead. Yeah, exactly like the, I mean, like,

Speaker 2  1:56:41
you have an option to put, like, questions for them to answer before they submit their resume, their question answers look no better than their resume does. Yeah, but like, blue collar, like, I think of like my boys, and I'm like, okay, they would, they'd X out, they wouldn't even, but like something cool, like, you know, tree stand that they built, or, like, whatever. Yeah, no, that's, it's

Matthias Miller  1:57:14
a good call. They look, they show, well, yeah, Show, don't tell then they follow it, because that's what they do instinctively. Yeah, there's other there's one other way you can do this, and this, this is more work depending if you can't reach them through some of these. I

Matthias Miller  1:57:43
uh, I mean, you could even make this then be a, I don't know if this would get completely out of hand, but, but in some of the construction groups, if there are construction groups, especially in your area, saying, Look, we're looking to hire somebody with construction experience, here's the pay, here's the pay, here's, here's what you're going to be doing. And, you know, put a, put a picture on it to catch attention and have people reach out to you. That might be, that might be an interesting avenue. I've, I've also seen people literally put together Facebook campaigns to advertise in the local area. It's not necessarily, I mean, it helps you catch people who are on Facebook but aren't on SIP recruiter and indeed, and most of these guys aren't probably going to be anyway, on those hiring sites, but something that type of Facebook group, if you really wanted to go viral, you could have them. You could tell them that if, if they're interested the job to post a picture of their one of their favorite projects right there on the thread. Yeah, you'll get a little bit of a viral nature. They're gonna want to, they're gonna enjoy bragging and sharing. And then you can start DMing people and see, hey, are you actually seriously interested in this? Yeah? Because that's cool. Like, yeah. You, yeah, those are all kind of non conventional ideas, but trying to point the direction of where these, what is the type of person and where they, how do they act? And right?

Unknown Speaker  1:59:15
Yeah, no, it makes total sense. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:59:39
I do you have? Well, so here's, here's a question, when I know it's lunchtime there, when do you want to break for when do you want to would you want to break for lunch?

Unknown Speaker  1:59:52
Whenever you're ready? Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:59:56
I have, I have a few. I. Yeah, I love to grab a bite. I haven't had breakfast here this morning.

Unknown Speaker  2:00:02
Oh, you should probably eat. What time is it there? It's

Matthias Miller  2:00:05
10, so it's fine.

Unknown Speaker  2:00:08
It's yeah.

Matthias Miller  2:00:12
So yeah, why don't we break for for 30, maybe 30 minutes or so, grab a bite, and I'll text you, or we'll plan on 30. And if it's different than that, I'll text you and we can pick it up. What I do have? I'm gonna make a note here I do have. Do you have a place you want to dive in as well?

Speaker 1  2:00:34
Yeah? Good. Cool. All right, awesome. Leave and then come back, leave me come back. That's good, yeah, okay, cool. All right, all right, yeah, sounds good, Yep, see if.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai