Unknown Speaker  17:20
All right,

Speaker 1  17:40
how do you, how do you want to how do you want to do this? Do you want me to just find some times, anytime tomorrow and we'll work everything else around it? Or do you want. demos with. most value. where I. is like. probably the place where it can add the most value is, let's do demos with there's about four different vendors. They all have different pitches, shed apps, shed sweet by shed shed Pro. And run them through the paces and do a little bit of an evaluation of what the options are. Great idea. So, and I feel like I don't always know the questions to ask them, but I think you could be a huge benefit there. I agree this is both good and bad, but I I'm helping another, another client, through, through some purchasing decisions, and I'm the giant skeptic in the room. And so that's, I don't want to be antagonistic, but yeah, yeah, no, for sure. Like, I don't disagree. And so I think, right, what is, and I think the reason the challenges that I see with this is that, first of all, it's, it's a huge cost investment to switch, and it's not the it's not the it's not the subscription fee. It's the throwing everything into chaos, cutting production by 20% for a number of months while you're getting things sorted, sales dropping by because you're distracted getting it implemented, or whatever, goes sideways, exactly. And then once you do it, it's like, well, you're not planning to redo that for another five to 10 years, hopefully, right? And so, yeah, I'm so, I think, I think the biggest thing, let's see. Shed sweet was one that, To, yeah, that's totally fine, because I've dedicated my two days to you. Awesome.

Matthias Miller  20:06
So let me, let me go ahead and I could, I could put my contact in info in here, if I'm happy to put my contact info in here, unless, unless you really

Speaker 1  20:20
want yours in No, I really don't care, like probably better than you do. And then

Matthias Miller  20:26
I'll share the All right, so I'm going to start by I'm

Unknown Speaker  20:44
all right.

Matthias Miller  20:48
Shit sweet, booking calendar, and we're gonna see

Unknown Speaker  20:53
which one's the one that's connected to idea room.

Matthias Miller  20:57
Shit sweet, um, all right, so shed sweets got

Unknown Speaker  21:09
All right, we're gonna,

Matthias Miller  21:12
should be able to pull this off,

Speaker 1  21:13
and I can do like, as early as possible. So like, I know the time frames are like, or as late as possible. Like, whatever works for you is fine,

Matthias Miller  21:22
All right, sounds good. I have, let's see we got that one. We're running a vacation bible school this week. We've got like 250 kids, or not quite a 252 we have 270 kids registered. Had like 240 30 kids last night. So

Unknown Speaker  21:42
lot of kids, it's

Matthias Miller  21:44
pretty crazy. It's it's organized chaos.

Unknown Speaker  21:48
Organized Chaos. I like that. That's

Matthias Miller  21:50
pretty much what it is. So I, in a normal case, I'd show up early and make it happen. But it's not a normal case, my shed let's see shed Pro. Let's go get shed Pro as well.

Unknown Speaker  22:04
Does your wife handle that?

Matthias Miller  22:06
It's very classic. Sometimes I think we have a lot of fun going into business together. It's the classic. I'm, like, the guy who's, I'm the thinker and the tech guy, and like, run the mark, spin up the marketing campaigns, and, like, we checked in first night. Folks are pre registered. We had a line that was like 70 feet long, or something like that. Like, people backed up and and we had them all of a sudden. They didn't realize there were four people in the front checking people in. And so we had those cleared out in like 10 minutes. People were, like, completely, like, it went from packed out to empty kids in the tent ready to go so, but she's like, she's the, she's the event planner. Like, yeah, it's on the ground that actually makes stuff happen. Like, incredible. All right, there's 810, most of these are okay, shut ups, 30 minutes. Should see shit sweet says shed pro doesn't have

Speaker 1  23:21
so I feel like out of all of them that we, like, kind of talked about earlier, I went back and looked at a couple of Facebook posts while I was waiting to pick up everybody's lunch. Yeah, and I feel like people's opinions on shed Pro are not as strong as the shed app and shed suite.

Matthias Miller  23:42
Did you take a look at my shed at all? Do you see people's comments?

Unknown Speaker  23:44
I didn't know the last one,

Matthias Miller  23:47
so okay, I I would think I'm least familiar with my shed. I've seen some positive responses. But there was a, there was a post in one of the groups. That's what I was looking for, like Chad Stults, who's from Washington. I know the guy. I know he commented on it. I went hunting for the post, and I don't, I don't know if the admins deleted it, took it down, but like, there was a ton of really good feedback from real users, and it's completely not there. So I would say, what if we did, it looks like we can do 910, and 11, my time, which is going to be 1112, and one, you guys, this time, 1112,

Unknown Speaker  24:35
and one. Does that work? Wait, are you behind us?

Matthias Miller  24:39
I'm behind you guys. So when,

Unknown Speaker  24:45
Okay, never mind your time. Got it 1111,

Matthias Miller  24:50
12, one Eastern, okay, and basically do them

Speaker 2  24:57
back to back. Okay? Yeah, I. Mean that's yeah, okay, so kind of fresh too.

Matthias Miller  25:08
So then I'm gonna go ahead and let's throw two. I'm

Matthias Miller  25:38
Yeah, I guess if we wanted to share that we can go

Matthias Miller  25:47
1012, to one, if we wanted to leave a little bit of a gap for lunch here. Let's go ahead. Shut up. Shut up. Set 12 Eastern, I think my shit, it makes sense to do actually, we could, oh, I'd almost rather go, okay, my shed, we can do it. 11 Eastern,

Unknown Speaker  26:18
the one Michigan.

Matthias Miller  26:20
Sorry I'm sorry. What time zone are you in Eastern? Okay, so, no, it's, it's nine Mountain, 11 Eastern for my shed. Okay? I

Unknown Speaker  27:11
Okay,

Matthias Miller  27:15
all right, so they'll now, let's make sure I don't screw this up. All right, so that then, all right, so the question is

Matthias Miller  27:27
that leaves shed app and we can do,

Matthias Miller  27:37
we can either do a three hour sprint, or if You want to bump it out to two Eastern we can do that. I'm

Unknown Speaker  27:44
literally fine with whatever.

Matthias Miller  27:53
Let's give ourselves a breather. So, all right, I

Matthias Miller  28:28
growth mode. They want you to pick between. We want to grow. We want to get organized, both,

Unknown Speaker  28:37
both, all, all of the above. I

Matthias Miller  28:41
don't know. Yes, what's your average unit sold per month? Like, number of units, number of units? Yeah,

Speaker 1  28:56
I don't know. It's different every month. Like, I guess I've never really thought about that. We do anywhere from three to five a year,

Matthias Miller  29:07
if that helps. So if your average ticket, uh, hold on, well, but you could do Okay, let's, let's say I don't know what your average ticket is, but if your average ticket is like eight grand, that's 500 units per year divided by 12, that's maybe 40.

Unknown Speaker  29:28
Yeah, I would

Unknown Speaker  29:29
say that's probably pretty accurate. And so

Matthias Miller  29:31
we could probably actually say something like, I don't know, 35 to 50 is the average per month,

Speaker 1  29:36
yeah, because it really depends, like, because we have winters here. I mean, do you guys have winters? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  29:43
yeah, we do. It's, it's, it's, yeah, we do, yeah.

Speaker 1  29:54
So, like, honestly, we pretty much drop off at Christmas order, stop. Coming in, yep. And then January, February are normally really slow. Like, this past January, February, we're, like, record high for, like, what we've ever done,

Matthias Miller  30:16
interesting. And then

Speaker 1  30:17
March, it picks back up to full throttle again,

Matthias Miller  30:21
that's pretty similar to here. Yeah, if you're going up in the mountains, then it, it gets, it's, it's longer than that, because it's access. But haulers don't like sliding down the mountain,

Unknown Speaker  30:38
right?

Matthias Miller  30:42
All right, so, all right, my should I demo? We're gonna go. I'm

Speaker 1  31:14
I just got a text from our on site crew with the 16 foot octagon gazebo, yeah, that said cleaning up now. And I was literally expecting them to be there until like, 530 or six and then returning tomorrow, which is crazy to me. That's awesome, but it's like they get like, if everybody's kind of head is in the game, it's like a freaking breeze every time. Yeah, and then you get those, like, one offs where they're like, oh, we have to go back. Oh, we forgot this. Oh, we forgot that. I'm like, Cool. I'm not getting paid because you forgot a ramp.

Matthias Miller  31:53
Right? Exactly, exactly.

Unknown Speaker  31:59
Crazy. It's awesome, though?

Matthias Miller  32:03
All right, so ash, wow, they got the whole tribe. The whole tribe showing up. So my should i Oh, they've got Carl, Ashley, Matt and Nathan, all of the invite. All right, that is for my shed,

Unknown Speaker  32:25
my shadow.

Matthias Miller  32:30
All right, yeah, this is the Google Calendar. No shit suite, has it? June? Ill, Oh, snap. I did not see that.

Unknown Speaker  32:45
Nothing for shed sweet, no

Matthias Miller  32:48
shut UPS out for shut UPS out for week. We go take it trying

Speaker 1  33:01
to I wonder if I can pull that up. Of my email like who I used to, LS,

Speaker 1  33:52
oh, you know what it was. I think was one of, like, the huge issues with the shut app when we use them prior, like we were in beta for like, a lot of the functions, but it was constantly like, major outage, major outage, major outage. And I felt, I felt like it was all the time,

Unknown Speaker  34:12
yeah,

Unknown Speaker  34:14
but again, they were still new, so I can't, yeah,

Matthias Miller  34:16
I've got, I've got two client work with two active clients, one prior client, who's on, shut up and I mean, there again, their platform is definitely way more stable than it was. For sure, pricing structure is different, but they're more I mean, they're they're volume based,

Unknown Speaker  34:48
right? I.

Unknown Speaker  35:39
Okay, Great, I'm

Matthias Miller  35:54
all right, I'm going to send them an email and see if they see If they'll, they'll win the rules and set up a call tomorrow. If not not, we'll just have to, unless one of them are very clear winners from from tomorrow, we might, yeah, we'll have to open out until next Wednesday. I

Matthias Miller  36:22
All right, so I do have a few more questions.

Matthias Miller  36:30
You guys. You guys sell RTO and or

Speaker 2  36:36
No, yeah, we do tell yeah

Matthias Miller  36:39
and do those get processed? Does your RTO vendor have a portal that you guys process those through? Or what's the process on that? Yeah,

Speaker 1  36:52
so we have a link to the application that's on our website, like apply for our to own and that goes through them. So we were with bli, and I loved bli. I love our rep, like he shows up here, or he did show up here a couple times a year, and then it was bought out by Heartland capital. Yep, they're making some changes that I'm not like super thrilled about.

Unknown Speaker  37:30
I feel like

Speaker 1  37:33
they make it super difficult for both the dealer and the customer. The problem is, is that our rep that was with bli is now with Heartland, and we're like, kind of tied to him, and I we just have, like, a great relationship. And if there is an issue, I'll text him and be like, Hey, this is bullshit. And he's like, Yeah, I don't disagree. And he kind of, like, smooths everything out. Yep. Uh, like running the deposit through our system. I don't know if other people are like that, but like before it was like, would be alive. You'd enter their card details to pay, like the down payment. But now it's like, you have to run it through your system so, like, it doesn't really align with QuickBooks, and then you put it in QuickBooks with a

Speaker 2  38:26
zero tax rate, I guess. And it's kind of like Lucky. But other than that, they're pretty decent. Okay, yeah, okay.

Speaker 1  38:43
We also use backyard finance. I don't know if you know about them. I've

Matthias Miller  38:47
worked with clients who use them, yeah? Are people able to get approvals

Speaker 1  38:53
through them honestly? Yeah, yeah. I'm like, dumbfounded, people with like, the lowest of credit scores get approved.

Unknown Speaker  39:02
Um,

Speaker 1  39:05
I mean, the lowest interest rate is like 10.99 Yep. But credit card rates are higher than that, so. But as far as, like, communication, like, they've been really great. They've been really great with paying out, but we still collect a deposit, and then they finance like, the rest of it,

Unknown Speaker  39:31
yep.

Speaker 1  39:36
But as far as like, I get daily emails from them, like, just checking in and making sure, like, you don't need anything. And I'm like, holy shit. And holy and this has gone on for literally, like, four or five months. And then I'm like, is this AI? Because I can't even keep up, so they must have some sort of

Matthias Miller  39:56
That's fascinating. I. Um, alright, one other, one other question. So, Hannah, how do you actually, maybe I should just let me actually do this first.

Speaker 1  40:18
Deanna is here. So, like, if you have, like, availability, and I don't need to be here, I can totally swap with Hannah.

Matthias Miller  40:24
Let's do it. I might have some questions for you, for you, later, but I would love to, I think that'd be great. And if there's other staff, especially if tomorrow, we're going to be focusing on on some of the software side, if we have some of those other conversations, that'd be

Speaker 1  40:38
awesome. Yeah, no, totally. So I think we can probably fit in Hannah and Mike today, but Mike's at the town hall fighting with the code enforcement people right now. But Hannah, I can do so let me. I'll swap with Hannah

Unknown Speaker  40:55
and then hold on. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  41:04
I can't he's way cooler than Steve.

Unknown Speaker  41:12
Why didn't he tell me that at all? Oh, I didn't

Speaker 3  41:15
know. I thought, well, he said, I'll go do the bank. Oh,

Matthias Miller  41:24
okay, hi, hey, hi there.

Unknown Speaker  41:26
I'm Hannah. This is Hannah.

Matthias Miller  41:29
Nice to meet you. I'm Matthias. I'm a Yeah,

Speaker 1  41:34
okay, I might be a lot with Hannah, nothing. He's just trying to get a feel for, like, everyone's position.

Unknown Speaker  41:39
Oh, okay, yeah, that is,

Matthias Miller  41:41
I'm here as the, the curious guy who gets asked all kinds of

Unknown Speaker  41:51
questions on what I let me know. Okay, yeah,

Matthias Miller  41:57
all right. Well, I mean, filming it, let's, let's start with this. So my understanding is you're, you're doing sales, and tell me a little bit about how long, how long you've been doing that here, and any background prior that might be relevant.

Speaker 3  42:13
Yeah. I mean, I've never been in sales before. I am engaged to chance, which is Mike's son, the owner's son. I started here back in, like last March, I would say, so it's been a little bit over a year, and then so I worked here for about a month. Had my son came back shortly after,

Unknown Speaker  42:46
but yeah, before that, I had no, like, sales experience, so it was kind of just like jumping in.

Matthias Miller  42:56
Walk me through a little bit, what some of the what was like, the first few days or weeks, like, for you?

Speaker 3  43:05
I mean, it was good. I mean, obviously, Heather's, they're my, like, family, so they're very helpful and stuff. I mean, it's just a lot to know. Like, it's kind of like, I don't want to say, learn as you go, like, obviously, like, they told me as much as they could, but it is like, things come up that, you know, I had never heard of before. So it was like, oh, you know, I have, like, I still have questions every day. Like, whoa. I've never heard this before. Like, what do we do now? But yeah, I mean, they're super helpful. Everything that I need. Heather's made me like documents, and she shares everything with me on Google Drive like, like, so I'm able to find the answers unless it's like, totally out of left field. Sure, it was just, I don't want to, I mean, I wouldn't say it was like hard, but it was just kind of like nothing I'd ever done before. So, yeah, it was just learning as I went.

Matthias Miller  44:12
How would you describe your personality?

Speaker 3  44:17
I would say, I am a little bit out there. I'm not everyone's cup of tea. That's I'm

Matthias Miller  44:26
a friend of mine who's, uh, who's an extrovert, and he talked about the curse of being an extrovert, because when you're, you know, there's this little range where it's okay, but like, when you're, like, all the way out here, yeah, like, people actually start resenting you for being extra

Unknown Speaker  44:40
I mean, I would

Speaker 3  44:42
hope people. I mean, I mean, like, hopefully no one, but I am definitely, like, a little bit much for some people, I would say, Fine, I don't care, but I'm. Mean, a lot of our customers are, like, older, and they're more chill, and I'm, I mean, I'm 23 years old, and I'm just like, I'm like, right down your throat, almost kind of, I mean, again, it's not everyone's cup of tea. But like, I can definitely like, you know, when you get a good feel about someone like, you can tell when you can say certain things to people and like, obviously, I can be like or mellow, but I would say I'm not mellow to the to the average person. Just fine. I mean sales, you have to be personable and a little bit out, like, you kind of got to be a little, I don't want to say pushy, but I mean, you got to sell stuff.

Matthias Miller  45:48
So you do you guys sell stuff? And I disagree. Yeah,

Speaker 3  45:53
I had a hard time with that at first, because I was like, almost like awkward, like, I didn't want to push people away, kind of, but it's almost like, better when you're just out there, like, not out there. I don't that's not like the right, but do you get

Matthias Miller  46:11
what I'm people pick up when you're like, it's like, when you, when you when you personally, kind of put, you know, step back a little bit. People are going to pick up that you're not being yourself, and they're gonna read into that, and they're gonna be like, there's something about Hannah. I don't trust her. I don't know why, but yeah, and it's like, it's not even that you're doing anything, anything wrong, except you're just not just not being yourself, and they can pick up on it. And they're like, yeah, and, and and even if you're not everybody's cup of tea, it's better for you to be just to be you and meet people where you're at as you than it is to try to, I don't know some other

Speaker 3  46:50
people, I think, I mean a lot of people, I think, appreciate if you're just like, Yeah, this. I mean, just me, like, and I think a lot of people like that were, like, a family owned business. Like, like, everyone I meet there, they, like, ask questions. I'm like, oh yeah. Like, this is my mother in law. And they're like, oh, my god, that's amazing. Like, it's it is really cool to be able to work with your family and people like that. People like family owned business. They like small business, they want to support community business and all that good stuff, so

Matthias Miller  47:28
And oh, old people also, really, there's a there's a class of old people who really appreciate when you shoot straight

Unknown Speaker  47:39
with them, right?

Matthias Miller  47:42
So I'm guessing, obviously, like, sounds like, that resonates,

Speaker 3  47:48
yeah, no, I totally agree. I mean, we have like, I would, I would say at least, like, the best products on the market. So you just give them how it is, then they like that, you know, like, there's no like, it's not like, I don't know, like, you think of like a car salesman. You're like, ooh. But we try to, I think that we all do a pretty good job at we just lay it up, lay it out there.

Matthias Miller  48:21
So somebody, somebody gets, somebody fills out online form, or somebody fills out something Id or him, like, walk me through, what's your approach from there.

Unknown Speaker  48:34
So

Speaker 3  48:36
if someone does like an online design, I'll obviously email them. I'm like, an email like, I don't know the email stuff. I like when people come in, like, and I can, like, talk to them face to face. It's just like, it's way easier to, I think, sell something when we're talking but because when you put in an email like, oh, we have the best products on the market. Like, oh, sound annoying. You're you're like, Oh, okay. But I'm like, Hey, like, I see fill this out. And you know, if you have any questions, I just want to reach out and give you my my contact, and just feel free to email, text, you know, whatever's easier for you. I don't want to be, like, too pushy, but also you kind of got to be a little like, like, let's just get this going, you know, yeah, I'm like, we can discuss questions. We can discuss the next steps of the process. Like, if you want to do a deposit, you know, whatever you want to do, I try not to be super like you're buying this shed right now, like, but, and if I don't hear from someone, I think I'll send them another email in about a week. And if I don't hear from them again, I'm like, okay, they're just not ready. Um. Yeah, but I appreciate when people get back to me, they're like, Hey, I'm not ready right now. I'm just kind of playing around with it, like, because then you know that, right? They, they're just holding on for and it's better than, like, radio science on the other half,

Matthias Miller  50:13
right? But it, I mean, you well, there's, there's two reasons why it's good. So you know how to, how to spend their time. You know you're not going to waste their time. You're not going to annoy them, and third of all, that's actually three ways. But Third of all, you're actually establishing a frame of conversation where you're telling each other the truth, instead of car sales, where you're both lying to each other, yeah, because that's the only way to get what you

Speaker 3  50:37
want exactly which I mean that's no one wants that, obviously. Like, and if you're not ready, you're not ready. And if you have questions, ask me, like, I would rather sit and talk someone through the process than, you know, try to sell on something that they don't want. And I've said this to Heather before too. Like, nobody really like window shops for a shed. Like, if someone wants a shed, they'll, they're gonna get a shed. You know what? I mean? It's something that you just like, not like, just going to add something to your cart and then never look at it again, like on Amazon. But, yeah,

Matthias Miller  51:21
I What if we assume, if we assume, that anything you say isn't personal, it's just, let's fix the process. Let's do things better. Let's whatever like, because that's not where I'm coming from, and I don't think that's where you're coming from. What are some of the things that are the most frustrating to you, time consuming the way we should be better.

Speaker 3  51:48
I mean, I wouldn't say like, like time consuming, but I think the communication like, there are things that I don't know, like site work, for example. And that's something that I always have to, like, ask Mike, or ask Heather, who, in turn asks Mike. And if I text him because he's busy, I mean, he will be on deliveries all day sometimes. So, so I guess it is kind of a time consuming like, say, I'm like, hey, what's you know, what would you price this at? I don't hear back from him, and then I can't get back to the customer. But again, like he's busy. I know he's not just like ignoring my question. But again, that's something, and we've talked about it, we've tried to figure it out, like a like a template, or, you know, just basic pricing. But it's difficult because, like, prices go up, prices go down. I mean, it changes. It's like, it's fluctuates different towns. You know,

Matthias Miller  52:54
the pricing fluctuation by town is that because of distance?

Speaker 3  52:59
Yeah, I mean distance and just kind of, I mean, so Mike does all the site work, yep. And obviously have to, like, think about the labor and the like, I have no idea how much brushstone costs, like, and I'm sure I could look it up, but it's just never, it's something that, like, we just, we've always just asked him

Unknown Speaker  53:22
about, I don't know,

Matthias Miller  53:28
yes, it is a good answer. There's no, I'm not, after some kind of take it back.

Unknown Speaker  53:36
So, and

Speaker 3  53:38
it's just like little things like that, like, very, like, niche things for, like, pertaining to a specific customer. Because, like, I mean, I know all the I can look at the price list, I could look at this, but say someone asks me something totally I've never heard before. Like, I'm not gonna lie to them. I'm not going to be like, oh, yeah, this, like, I am like, Okay, let me ask my boss, and then go from there. Because some, I mean, people are crazy. You'd be surprised. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  54:11
Heather was showing me the the boat shed, or the shed boat or whatever. Like, that's what I'm saying.

Unknown Speaker  54:18
Like, that's totally random and weird.

Matthias Miller  54:21
It is random weird. So how many, how many of your buildings do you have a percentage guess of, how many of the buildings that you sell have site work included?

Unknown Speaker  54:32
I would say a lot. I would I would say seven,

Speaker 3  54:40
maybe, like 60 to 70% because it's like, in a it's more esthetic, like, people like the way it looks like, because you tell everyone else, we can sit right on the ground, but then people are like, Oh, but I like the look of a crushed on pad and and it does, it looks, it looks like very nice and professional. I would say that there. They've been getting more popular than when I first started, like, a year ago.

Speaker 2  55:07
I would say, yeah, like 70% because

Speaker 3  55:11
they they're expensive, like, and some people ask about them, and then you tell them the price, and they're like, oh, nevermind.

Matthias Miller  55:19
I don't want that, but they're great upsell for people who have money and care about how it looks

Speaker 3  55:25
exactly. Because, I mean, if we have to level the Shadow Ball like, we'll put them on walks like, oh, I don't really like the look of that. And right,

Unknown Speaker  55:33
all rich people,

Matthias Miller  55:37
but yeah, exactly, um, and I'm going to assume that part of pricing, you know, obviously pricing is just, how badly is it out of level? How many times does does Mike need to go show up on site to actually get what he needs to know in order to do the quote?

Speaker 3  55:56
I mean, we try to do things like he's been doing it for years, so he could see a photo of something and be like, oh, you know, he can get a pretty good idea. But some people are like, no, like, can you please come out and like, like, review it. And, you know, I don't have any photos. Can you see my site, and not even necessarily, like the leveling, like, it's kind of depends on, like, if we can get in, sure deliver it. Like, people are like, oh, you know, I have a fence, or I have this, or there's a big rock or a stump, and

Unknown Speaker  56:37
so, I mean, it's not

Unknown Speaker  56:40
extremely common for us to go to site, but I would say

Unknown Speaker  56:45
maybe three times a month.

Speaker 3  56:49
I'm not trying to push because it changes like hard to put a number.

Matthias Miller  56:54
Okay, so and if, if you, you're probably not necessarily the right person. Ask makes Mike or Heather would probably be a better person. But one of the big barriers, if we had some kind of basis that you could go off of to say, of these of the buildings with Site, site work, I can, I can come up with a good quote that's for 60% of them, or something like that.

Unknown Speaker  57:24
I mean, I would say

Speaker 3  57:27
it just comes down to the cost, like, how much does a pound of crushed stone or, like a square foot, like, you know what? I mean, you could get really technical with it, I guess. But then you have to think of, like the drive there, and the labor and so I think that we could probably figure something out. But it changes,

Matthias Miller  57:50
right? But I mean, but it still takes, okay? The hourly rate changes the price of gas and transportation changes. The price of stone changes. But how long it takes to drive there, how far it is, how much rock you need. That doesn't change. So fair enough,

Speaker 3  58:12
like shed moves, we have, like, a template for that. So I think that we could probably, probably make a template for the side work to go,

Matthias Miller  58:19
yep, that's kind of what it was, after. All, right, anything else come to mind?

Speaker 3  58:34
No, I mean, I think, and we all would agree on this communication is kind of key, and sometimes, you know, I'm lacking, or, like, Mike's busy. Like, do you I don't know, like, he's like, ignoring anyone's text, or I'm not ignoring anyone's text, but if he has like, a like, something that he needs to know, it kind of gets a little difficult because I don't want to, like be on my phone with customer right there.

Matthias Miller  59:06
Yes,

Speaker 3  59:09
it's not like anyone is doing it on purpose, but it just kind of gets a little difficult sometimes, because every day is different.

Unknown Speaker  59:19
Yes, exactly. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  59:23
But it's just the nature of, I mean, that's, that's the nature of things. Everybody has the responsibilities they're chasing down. Yeah. All right, so site works a big reason, Heather's probably mostly around there most of the time. So really, really, Mike or, and probably, if there's something that you get from the guys in the shop, you can get that information fairly easily, right?

Speaker 3  59:56
Yeah, like, say, I send them a text, or I go out there and, like. They're all busy, like you, I don't know Sure, and I know that they're all working, obviously, but say I have a like, I'm with a customer, and they ask me some random question, and I have to go ask the guys or and Heather is usually here with me, but say she's not, you know, and it's just like, I have no problem being like, Oh, I'll get back to you on that. But sometimes people are like, in here in the office with me, and I'm like, Oh, I don't know. That's like, the worst answer you give someone who's like, I don't know,

Unknown Speaker  1:00:36
right? Yeah, well, that's

Matthias Miller  1:00:38
not the worst. The worst is you give them an answer that's false, but

Unknown Speaker  1:00:43
yeah, I tried not

Matthias Miller  1:00:48
to be that's completely that was irrelevant. Comment, what's the most reason, most common reason you get from people when people don't buy from you.

Speaker 3  1:01:03
They suck. I'm just kidding. I don't know. I mean people, they're always like, oh, you know, I'm looking at this place because there's a lot of shed places around here, which is kind of weird, but they're like, Oh, I got a better quote from so and so. And I don't know, like, I would say most of the time we close our sales, which is good, obviously, but like, we'll have people that are, like, shopping around. And there's this place in Portland called, like, tough sheds, and they're like, Oh, well, they quoted me this for this exact same thing. And so it's like, kind of, like competition, like, we want to beat their prices, obviously, but also we don't want to, like, totally not make any profit.

Matthias Miller  1:01:51
Well, but I'm gonna, I'm gonna assume, with something like tough shed is this takes a little bit of diplomacy to do this, but, but I think so, one of the ways I've seen other people address this is, okay, great. So let's, let's go take a look at a price match. Let me see what I can do. And then you start walking through line by line. Oh, tough shed uses again. Just making a guess. I'm going to guess your quality is superior to tough shed. Yeah, yeah. So if you actually start walking them through each line by line by line, right, or even telling them without throwing Tough shit under the bus, say, like, just explain. Just lay out what are the quality differentiators. And if somebody wants to buy a budget shed and they want tough shed, it's probably a lost cause anyway.

Speaker 3  1:02:49
And like for us, like we do a free re level, you know, if the shed settles after time, and like, we don't move, you know, we offer repairs on our own sheds, tough sheds, you can't move them because they have, like,

Unknown Speaker  1:03:05
self or almost so,

Speaker 3  1:03:07
like, there are different things that we offer that, like, not to, like, upsell it, but it's like, oh, we can do this. Like, we have a 35 year warranty on the shingles and a 50 year warranty on the building, like, which, again, isn't throwing tough shits under the bus, but the offer, yeah, that is, like, a good, like, selling point. I would never be like, well, they suck. Like, don't buy from them, yeah? But yeah. No, they would be like, Wow, this girl is crazy, yeah. But yeah, we do offer, like, some good stuff like that. Like, if you move we can move your show.

Matthias Miller  1:03:51
So, so then price shopping ends up being a major reason. It's the is it fair to say that Price Shopper, price shopping is, is the primary reason why you guys don't close deals.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:08
Um,

Speaker 3  1:04:12
I mean, yeah, but I don't think our prices are crazy for the quality, like we offer no quality. And I don't think that our prices are like, totally outrageous. But I don't think that people, I mean, who like, looks up and like studies ships for like, if you look at the different products that we use and everything's, you know, built right here, we don't ship it in from

Unknown Speaker  1:04:37
and

Speaker 3  1:04:38
I think people like, like that too. They're like, Oh my gosh, you build them right here. Like, that's pretty cool. Everything's in house. We're all pretty close knit. Like, it's not like we like order the China

Unknown Speaker  1:04:51
or Beverly,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:54
yeah, I have no idea where, like, other. A tough shed. Like, I have no idea

Unknown Speaker  1:05:02
that's not my business, but,

Speaker 3  1:05:08
but yeah, like, people like that. They come in and they're like, oh my gosh, you build them right here. And we're like, yeah, because, because, then they can stop by and, you know, go take a look at their shed. We can send them updates. Like, it's not like, like, where we see them from start to finish, which is, I think, pretty cool, like, if they want to make any changes, like, we can make them pretty easily up until a certain point, obviously, but, and I think people like that, like, we're pretty flexible with everything that we do, and we try to be flexible for like, customers, yeah, but sometimes, like, we have to do a lot of like, rework because people are like, oh, I want to change my window size. She's like, after we've already put the windows in. But again, like we would do it because we want to, like,

Unknown Speaker  1:06:01
please the customers? But sometimes it's like, Billy, do

Matthias Miller  1:06:07
you guys? Do you guys ever charge change order fees or anything like that? In that case,

Unknown Speaker  1:06:11
um,

Speaker 3  1:06:15
it depends on, like, what they're changing, like, say they want, like, a bigger drawer or something. Like, if the price is, like, drastic, then, like, we'll charge them for the difference in price. But other than that, we really try not to make a bus out stuff like that. But yeah, if someone wants, I mean, some stuff you can't change, like, so you vinyl a whole shit, and they're like, oh, I want to change the color. It's like, okay, well, then we're going to charge you to take off all the vinyl and do a different color. Like, but that's very uncommon. I would say, Oh yeah, depending on what the price is, we traditional,

Matthias Miller  1:07:13
cool, I don't know the kind of whole actually, do do You personally track, or does, does Heather track your your sales output? Do you know how much?

Unknown Speaker  1:07:27
How's it? Um, no, I'm Hans. I'm salary commission, I would

Unknown Speaker  1:07:33
be broke. Um, I don't know

Speaker 3  1:07:39
if she does. I mean everything that we sell, like, on the on the slips we either write like sold by Heather or Hannah, or there's only two of us, but so if she does that, like, oh,

Matthias Miller  1:07:56
that's fine. So you say you, you'd be broke. Why? Why do you say that?

Speaker 3  1:08:02
Um, because sometimes I've gotten a lot better. But like, what I said earlier, like, I used to just have a really hard time like, closing a sale because I didn't want to be pushy. I didn't want to be like, I don't know, like, annoying, I guess, yep. But people need that. People are like, not that you want to make the decision for them, but if you're like, I'm sending you the deposit, you know, like, you know what I mean. Like, I don't want to say you're not giving them a choice, but because if you play it out, people will just it'll go nowhere. You kind of got to be like, Hey, I'm sending you to the deposit. Like, go sign this and go pay the deposit. Like, so I'm not better at that, but still, I mean, Heather's been doing this for years and years. She she kills it like, I look she could sell sand at the beach like I don't even understand. La, how, what the hell. But, yeah, it's been, it's definitely been a learning process, because I've never done anything like this before. But like I said, people don't really like window shop for sec, you just kind of like better be a bug in their ear. I mean, I don't think I don't sell anything. I sold one today. I think I sold Tuesday, but at the same time, I know that I can probably do way more like you, if you always room for improvement.

Matthias Miller  1:09:44
Sure, if you a little whiteboard to back office somewhere that showed what Heather is doing versus what you're doing,

Unknown Speaker  1:09:51
I would be fired, don't he? Like?

Matthias Miller  1:09:54
No. I mean, no, but I'm not saying I'm saying for yourself, personally, would that be like i. I'm never gonna make it there. Or is that, would that light of fire to you be like, Yeah, okay, she's been doing this for 20 years, but I'm gonna find a way. Yeah,

Speaker 3  1:10:08
no, I totally agree. And I think that some days I'm like, totally on it, and then some days, like, the phone won't even rank. So it's kind of, it's, it's really weird, like, and then you get discouraged. And I've had this conversation with her a million times. Like, there's two days that go by where I haven't sold anything, like, I kind of get down on myself. And she's like, you just can't like, everyone has slow days, like, don't let it get you down, and I think that I've gotten a lot better at just not letting it affect me, but it is like you obviously, that's my job. I want to sell a shit. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:10:54
What do you do on days where the phone doesn't ring?

Speaker 3  1:11:01
Try to find other stuff to do. I look at like I try to read up on stuff, or I go back and look at people who haven't gotten back to me. Send them another email. There's always something to do. There's

Matthias Miller  1:11:20
do you call people who haven't gotten back back to you?

Speaker 3  1:11:24
Um, well, the thing is, with IDEA room, usually it's email, but the people who do put their numbers in then, like, obviously I'll contact them on their phone, because I feel like it's way people will answer the phone faster than they'll answer an email. But a lot of times, people only put their email because it that's how it

Matthias Miller  1:11:46
What about podium? Going back for folks who been in podium but haven't? Do you ever go back through there? Haven't gotten back to you?

Speaker 3  1:11:55
Yeah? Yeah, totally. So I'll go through podium, I'll try to, like, weed out the spam people, or I'll go and update the like status of them, like started or delivered or ready for delivery, just kind of give us, like, a good idea on who we could be reaching out to. So we miss a call, you can always go back and see who you miss calls from, and either call them back or send them a message. But so like, we have automated messages. Basically, if they're calling us like they would probably want to call that so

Matthias Miller  1:12:42
and how many leads do you think? Obviously, it varies. Do you think you get either on a daily or monthly basis

Unknown Speaker  1:12:51
that you're I mean,

Speaker 3  1:12:53
every day when I come in, there's new leads. Sometimes there's a ton, sometimes there's one or two, I would say that

Unknown Speaker  1:13:06
per week we probably get like

Speaker 3  1:13:10
10 to 20 leads. But also some people like submit like five or a ton of different designs. So it's like one person, but it's like five different designs,

Matthias Miller  1:13:21
but it's still, there's still 10 to 20

Speaker 3  1:13:26
people. Yeah, I would say that might even be on the low, the low end.

Matthias Miller  1:13:32
And how many of the leads do you get to, versus how many of them Heather gets to?

Unknown Speaker  1:13:41
I think it's pretty

Speaker 3  1:13:44
even, I mean, she'll come in at like, five o'clock in the morning. Like, obviously she does that, like, She's totally on top of that. But she also handles a lot of other things. Like, they have another business and they like, she does a lot more than I do, like behind the scenes. So say she, I mean, like today she's been on the meeting for however long, so like, I'm, do you know what I mean, I guess, but I would say it's pretty equal. But then again, I also go to her and ask her questions, and she's really good about

Unknown Speaker  1:14:26
like helping me out. That

Matthias Miller  1:14:36
makes sense.

Speaker 3  1:14:41
Yeah, there are things that I'm, like, not the most educated on, like two stories or garages, like, when it comes to, like, doing the concrete, or like, stuff like that. Like, I'm still, like, trying to learn that, like, sheds, yeah, okay, I got the sheds down, but we do all. Lot more than just shows.

Matthias Miller  1:15:03
So in, in your opinion, is, is the hardest thing for you, getting people to show up? You know, for they they fill in a form, actually getting them to show up? Or is it harder, person, harder thing when they actually show up, to get them to make a decision to buy?

Speaker 3  1:15:20
No, I would say that if someone comes in, like, into the office, more likely than not, like, we're going to close that sale, we can say someone doesn't even come here. We can do everything over the phone, but it's just a matter of, like, getting them to answer.

Matthias Miller  1:15:43
Do you think Heather's better at getting people to show up than you were? Or do you think you're better? Or you think you're equal?

Unknown Speaker  1:15:50
No, she's totally

Unknown Speaker  1:15:54
like, she kills it.

Speaker 3  1:16:00
But again, if people don't want to come into the office, like I tell them, like we can do everything over the phone, like you don't even, like, they don't need to necessarily come into the office. But obviously some people are like, well, I want to come to the product and

Unknown Speaker  1:16:15
all that good stuff.

Matthias Miller  1:16:19
So if, if you, hopefully this didn't feel like a giant interrogation. I'm completely grilling you. Like, so there's an experience factor, like, like, there's product knowledge and expertise. There's, I obviously she's showing up at 5am in the morning, and that's hard to compete with. Ridiculous,

Unknown Speaker  1:16:52
I would not you

Matthias Miller  1:17:00
don't want customers leaving with bruises because you didn't get enough sleep and they said the wrong thing, joking. The the, where do you personally think are you able to narrow down the capital, like, like, where do you think is the biggest difference between between you and Heather, is it? Do you think it's the amount of time you're putting in? Do you think it's, you know, skill level

Speaker 3  1:17:29
plays a big part in obviously, like product knowledge. Look again, I She knows everything she knows, like the whole ins and outs of the whole business. And I still, like, will have to ask her questions, like, pricing on a on grease lab. Like, what would we do for a garage? Or, like, just like, again, like very niche things, like overview, I think I have a good idea of, like, sheds and stuff like that. But some people come in and they want, like a slip and slide in their garage. And I'm like, Okay, check. It's just like stuff like that, where I have to ask her, and sometimes I and even she said this, like, I second guess myself, like, I know the answer, but I'll still ask her anyways,

Unknown Speaker  1:18:29
that's interesting. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:18:33
why is that?

Unknown Speaker  1:18:35
I don't know. I don't want to be wrong. I don't want to I don't want to mess anything up. Like,

Matthias Miller  1:18:47
would it help you any if, I mean, Heather Mike, are great people, so I'm not saying I'm saying this slightly to be traumatic. So please understand what I'm after that we had a rule that if you have a gut instinct on something or a knee jerk reaction to something, that you can go with it, and as long as it's the first time that you've ever had that question or ever said that, that they won't yell at you for doing something stupid, ever like, yeah, that's my point. They're not gonna yell at you anyway, but that you could be completely guilt free. I just know. I just know I get a free pass, like anything new that I have. If I think I have a good answer, I get a free pass. And if I'm wrong, it's just, well, we made another sale, and things kept moving, and they didn't get interrupted in their day. And we can actually didn't get a real answer, and if it's wrong, I'm gonna find out. We'll do it better next time with

Speaker 3  1:19:44
that. I mean, it would, I mean, they would never, like, totally, like, yell at me, or like, ostreside me, or like, anything like that. I. But I don't know what it is like in, like, internally, I guess, like, I don't even want to go there. I'm like, have you met Mike? I'm scared. Like, what?

Matthias Miller  1:20:11
I just saw a few messages back and forth.

Speaker 3  1:20:14
Oh, my God, these are really, he's, they're, they're both awesome. And if I and I have made mistakes, of course, everyone, like, one time I charged a guy $5,000 instead of $500 I literally was, like, in the corner crying, like, Please don't fire me. And she was like, you know it's okay. Like, right? And I think it's my own, like, fear, like not fear. That's like, not I don't know. I just don't want to mess anything up. Like, I know how hard they both work, and I don't want to make their lives harder.

Matthias Miller  1:20:53
And the the ironic thing is that I

Matthias Miller  1:21:03
you know, this is, this is a little bit of the this almost feels like layer two of an onion. So layer one is, I'm so out there. And can I just be myself around the customers and but just be me and layer two is kind of all right. I don't want to be a disappointment or a burden to really anybody, but especially to to Heather and Mike, because you I'm reading between the lines bigger, but they're great people, and they've poured into your life, and you're grateful for that, and you want to give back to them, like there's and and so it's almost like level two of the onion is, Is there any place where I could just be, I Hannah, putting words in your mouth? Could just be completely okay, being myself around them, for them.

Speaker 3  1:22:13
And I mean, I mean, we go home, and I'm totally myself around but at the same time. I don't want them to be like, Oh my gosh, she's so like, I have to have some type of professionalism at the same time. So I can't, but sometimes you got to put a little and, you know, you know,

Matthias Miller  1:22:34
so here's, here's, here's what I'm trying to get after. There's an interesting book called The inner game of tennis. And do you play sports at all? Do you play sports at all?

Unknown Speaker  1:22:52
No, I mean, I did when I was in high school. But, okay,

Matthias Miller  1:22:57
sure, but, but one of the basic premises of the book is that basically, the more that you're in your head and the less that that you're in in the body, your body, the harder it is to

Speaker 2  1:23:11
perform. Well, yeah, oh my gosh,

Matthias Miller  1:23:15
trusting your instincts. And so is there anything from the sports, your sports in high school, and I don't know what your experiences were like there, but is there anything from that arena or that world that you could lean on or borrow that would help You get

Unknown Speaker  1:23:38
out of your head? Yeah?

Speaker 3  1:23:42
Yeah. I totally get that. I mean, I like to think I'm team player when, like, I want to help the better this company. But I think, like,

Matthias Miller  1:23:57
doubt myself a lot. Your desires there. It's very clear, yeah, it's, it's the thing that's getting in the way. It's almost like a Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:24:20
Like, it's not even a question of whether you're a team player. Like, that's not even the question on the table. It's just the question of,

Matthias Miller  1:24:37
how can we create the space for you where you can, you can. And I'm like, I'm not putting this blame on anybody. And like, that's so not, not you, not like, it's just, how do we create the space for you where you can show up for. Is it without overthinking, so that you can play, play the best game that you can, because that's what you want.

Speaker 3  1:25:05
Yeah, and like, nothing has ever happened. Like, every time if I do make a mistake, like they're, you know, it's okay, like, it's just me. I don't know where I even get that like, idea that, like, it's not, like, I'm like, burning the building down. Like, I don't, I don't know why I do, like, do that. And even Heather will say that too. She's like, Yeah. Like, you doubt. Like, you know the answer, so just go with it. Like, I don't know why I do that. It's weird. This is like therapy right now I feel like, Yeah, well,

Matthias Miller  1:25:44
I mean, I think like, honestly, there might be again. Mileage varies greatly with therapy. But when you're dealing in the world of emotion and connecting with people, and when you are as emotionally attuned as somebody like you, is then, then skills that are developed in therapy can be tremendously useful in sales, because there are people who are, I mean, you have the very extreme cases of people are just narcissistic, like, and psychopaths like, just give me the money. I don't screw you like, whatever. And for people who are are much more emotionally attuned, much more empathic, much more like, it's almost like, Okay, this, I don't know if this analogy relates to you, but or connects with you, but, you know, I grew up in a farm in rural Kansas, and cold winter mornings, and anytime you had a diesel engine, you needed to start up, you plug in the block heater and let it you know that idle for a while to get it all warmed up and get things moving. When you're a high Empath, sometimes you got to do that for yourself to get the fuel system cleaned out. And you're probably hyper aware of if you have a disagreement with somebody, if somebody, if you're, if you're not sure where a relationship is, where, if you're, like, that'll completely tank your sales performance.

Speaker 3  1:27:30
Oh, totally. And that, like, I feel like I'm too aware of everything, like, I wish I was clueless about most of the things. Because it does like it, like, Do you know what I mean? Like, people who are just so not even, like on this earth, like, sometimes I wish I was like that, but unfortunately, I'm not. I am too aware of everything, almost. And I feel like it does it. It totally has a part to play in this job, not that it should or but it's just like myself,

Matthias Miller  1:28:12
yeah, and I would even, again, in this particular case, I meant I wouldn't even go after whether it should or it shouldn't like it's, it's more like a thing of what is and where are you and where are you going. So, so it is difficult. Now there's, this is strictly speaking, from my own experience. I grew up in a in a home that had extremely high expectations. And there's a part of me that's really grateful for that, like, like, I like, but there's another part of me where it's like, like, when, when that becomes your standard mode of operating, then nothing's ever good enough, and it can be really debilitating. And so for myself, I've had to take the journey of kind of taking a nuanced view of what's the good and what was actually the harmful part of that and can I and then getting around a few key people who really show unconditional love and acceptance, no matter my level of performance, and help me understand that, and then being able to anchor that where I am going to push like I love, pushing myself to The limits, most times, not always, but but learning to to, I guess here's how I would see this. Like, what if it's not something that's wrong? Maybe it's just something that has to be learned? Like, yeah, learning how to engage with those emotions, learning how to, well, there's a there's a here, here's this. I'll give you a little. It, I am releasing a print book called frictionless teams. Oh, and one of the things I talked about in the book is about the inner world, and I use the term the trauma, talent connection. And here's how it works. Many people who are highly driven and highly motivated experience some type of trauma in early childhood in life. It's not universal, but, but the challenge is that, and it ends up being useful up until a certain point. The challenge is that. So the challenge becomes, if it were strictly good or strictly bad, it would be very easy to deal with it. The problem is that it drives us to develop certain skill sets that make us exceptional at something, and so then we have to learn how to tease apart what's the exceptional skill set and what's what's like the not so good part of this and in sales, the ability to read people and respond to people is a superpower.

Speaker 3  1:31:12
Yeah, yeah, right, yes. I mean, yeah, that's what I feel makes a good developers

Matthias Miller  1:31:21
and and that the very thing that you sometimes don't like about yourself is the very thing that holds the seat to the part of what can make you exceptional. Does that make sense? Yeah. Oh my, yeah. Totally. So. So then, how do we how do we like it's not as simple as saying this is a bad part, like this part of it's not black and white. It's like this part of me is amazing over here, and it's really devastating over here. And how do we navigate this? Or how do you navigate this? How do I navigate this? So that I'm learning to I'm learning to use this. It's the source of information. I could read people, but I can also establish boundaries where I can listen to myself and my own thoughts. I can recognize the customer's mad at me, the customer is irritated. The customers maybe they're sad, maybe they're upset about something completely different. I could recognize that, because I have this skill of reading people, but I still am able to maintain my own autonomy of self. I like in the middle of that, and I don't I don't

Speaker 3  1:32:44
know. No, I totally I get, I 100% get what you're saying. Because, yeah, I mean, sometimes things happen in this job, and it's like, not my fault at all, but I'll take it so. And I'm like, gosh, I should just quit my job and go live under a rock, but that's not reality. Like, we're all going to live, we're going to fix it. Like, but it's hard to, like, get out of your own head and be like, you know, I did everything I could. I tried my hardest. This wasn't their fault. I do

Unknown Speaker  1:33:20
not I just don't want to, like, disappoint Mike or Heather or any bear really, just like my biggest thing, because they have done, like, so much money, they're me,

Unknown Speaker  1:33:35
and I have to,

Speaker 3  1:33:38
like, very, I mean, they're they never get like, mad at me. I don't even know where that comes from. Like, I don't know why I'm like, oh my god,

Unknown Speaker  1:33:51
so weird.

Matthias Miller  1:33:53
I don't really this is probably one of the most unconventional pieces of sales advice, but probably one of the biggest things that will yield the most benefit in your sales. I think I've had people one of the reasons why I'm going down this path is because our journey, journeys are different, but I've had to process things like this. I had a friend of mine look at me and she's like, Look my biggest beef with you is that you don't show yourself compassion. Yeah, can you please show yourself some compassion? And just like,

Speaker 3  1:34:39
okay, wait to hear it like that. It's a big thing because I don't know. I do the same thing. I show myself no grace. I'll show everyone else you know, so understanding and everyone makes mistakes, but like, I can't turn that. Anymore, and yeah, self, that same person, why,

Matthias Miller  1:35:06
I don't have a why, that's not my, my job to figure out the whys

Speaker 2  1:35:09
Come on. Are you serious? Serious? No,

Matthias Miller  1:35:13
but like, but like, this might be the most unconventional sales advice, but maybe, maybe that really is the key to breakthrough in sales for you.

Unknown Speaker  1:35:21
Yeah, probably,

Speaker 3  1:35:25
like, I make one mistake. It's 10 o'clock at morning, like, I'm leaving. I've never got my back. Like, not actually, but, but it feels like it, yeah, it does. It's hard. It has kind of like blacks, like it's okay, like, no one mad at me, but I'll walk around like,

Unknown Speaker  1:35:41
what hates me, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:35:44
yeah, yeah, I totally understand that

Speaker 2  1:35:50
that's A good plan that, yeah, yeah, exactly, yeah. We work questions for me? I don't.

Matthias Miller  1:36:16
I don't think so. I don't think so. I

Unknown Speaker  1:36:20
think this was very helpful, honestly. I hope so, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:36:28
there's, there's a good, yeah, good, good. There's a bunch of practical stuff that I can pull out of this. I mean, not practical, but like business, business stuff I can pull out of this as well. So I really appreciate your perspective

Speaker 3  1:36:39
on that. Yeah, thank you. I, yeah. I appreciate this too. This was good.

Matthias Miller  1:36:47
Sorry. It could be more scary and intimidating, whatever.

Unknown Speaker  1:36:52
He's the sweetest guy ever. I'll go get Heather. It was nice to meet you. It was nice meeting you. Hannah, I'm sure we'll we'll talk soon, and I'm buying a book.

Matthias Miller  1:37:03
If you, if you sent me, it's, it's not quite out yet, but I'm happy to drop you, drop a copy of the mail for you, if you

Unknown Speaker  1:37:12
like. Got it sweet. Hold on.

Unknown Speaker  1:37:46
Hi, hello,

Unknown Speaker  1:37:54
what's that? How was that?

Matthias Miller  1:37:56
That's good. Oh, ask her how it was you said

Unknown Speaker  1:38:01
it felt like a therapy session.

Matthias Miller  1:38:04
I have had people tell me, rightly or wrongly, well, rightly or wrongly that they're like, you're a business service. I'm like, well actually, I totally disagree, yeah. But also bringing practical tools to the Vex, I think, I think

Matthias Miller  1:38:29
one of the questions I wanted to explore, there's not really a right or wrong answer on this one, is, Have you considered?

Matthias Miller  1:38:48
I don't know how to frame this question. So, so Hannah's new from a business standpoint, you can look at this whole thing from a business standpoint, you can look at this whole thing from a family standpoint. Do you know, have you could, do you track her sales versus your sales? Do you have? Do you run any of those types of KPIs or anything like that, um,

Unknown Speaker  1:39:12
I mean,

Speaker 1  1:39:15
kind of but it really depends on like I like she could start selling something, and then she's not here when the customer comes back. So I take it and there's no commission base, so there's no like, she sold that, or I sold that, or right? You know what I mean, right?

Matthias Miller  1:39:40
Do you have any way of gaging in any capacity? And I'm not. I'm not. Again, I don't know. I don't I don't really have opinion. But just in any capacity, you don't really have a way of gaging performance of one person versus the other. Besides, you could say.

Matthias Miller  1:40:05
Well, yeah, just just because of that, or being able to say there are three categories of sales, there's one that she does start to finish, there's ones that you do start to finish, and then there's ones that you guys help each other with.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:19
Yeah, I could give you a

Unknown Speaker  1:40:23
like a who sells the majority.

Matthias Miller  1:40:27
Do you know what that Do you know what those numbers look like and what the ratios look like? Um, can you

Unknown Speaker  1:40:34
guard me the whiplas?

Unknown Speaker  1:40:38
I will in a second. Okay, I

Unknown Speaker  1:40:44
It's on my desk. That's our clipboard, awesome. And

Matthias Miller  1:40:54
then there's also the other question that ties into that. Well, saying that is the the amount of time spent actually selling, like, if you had to between, between you doing everything else, plus being up early and staying up late to close deals. How much time do you think you're putting into sales versus Hannah? Sort of an actual time basis.

Unknown Speaker  1:41:21
I put a little more time in. Okay, do you think it's

Matthias Miller  1:41:28
10% more, 50% more?

Unknown Speaker  1:41:32
Probably like 50% okay, say

Unknown Speaker  1:41:50
so now that this is like a huge I

Unknown Speaker  1:42:07
I mean, I know this isn't normally The way that you would

Unknown Speaker  1:42:11
Who sold what, but I

Unknown Speaker  1:42:55
so I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:43:15
Oh, you.

Speaker 2  1:43:39
Okay, so if I take the whip list and what's so, not including what's been started, but just what's left on the whip list, yep, I'm at 19. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:43:59
sorry, and she's at what seven, seven. And if you adjust that for time spent, it's more like Ah, let's see here. Let's just do this.

Speaker 1  1:44:34
Hey, Ry, can you bring can you bring about pull up the whip on my computer and an order like, look at what worked on my computer. Put them in order by customer name, starting at the UN highlighted. Thank you. Little kid off now.

Speaker 1  1:44:56
That was my she's kind of my assistant. She hates me. Yeah, that's awesome.

Matthias Miller  1:45:06
So even accounting for even accounting for differences in time spent, you're still somewhere probably about, hang on, you're not quite twice as 80% more effective in sales than she is. Would you say that's probably about, right? Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:45:54
and I don't know if this is a question I should be asking or not. Do you think sales is the right role for her? Do you know what the right role would be?

Speaker 1  1:46:19
Not really Hannah, can you just help her put the whip in order?

Unknown Speaker  1:46:27
I mean, Assistant

Matthias Miller  1:46:33
like do you think so? Personality wise? She loves certainty and having eyes dotted and T's crossed. In some contexts, at least,

Unknown Speaker  1:46:55
I think it depends on the day, depends on the day,

Matthias Miller  1:47:01
but also not a okay, but literally, Assistant, she would probably also pull her hair out, because sitting in the corner doing all of these types of things, like helping you out on things, yes, But if it comes down to right administrative tasks, problematic, right, right,

Unknown Speaker  1:47:34
hold On.

Unknown Speaker  1:47:55
If that helps. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:48:08
so, like, very

Unknown Speaker  1:48:16
like at the prompt, constantly i

Matthias Miller  1:48:25
Is there? Is there a time and place we could continue privately or not? Yeah, let me

Speaker 2  1:48:32
hold on. Well,

Speaker 2  1:49:02
okay, I'm going to join on my Phone. Okay, sounds good. I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:49:41
all right and hang on.

Unknown Speaker  1:50:27
Hello, yes, hello, oh, okay, sorry,

Speaker 1  1:50:33
and that's like again, if she wasn't Our grandson's mom, and I know we can't, like, base it off that, um, which is, like, kind of, it's kind of fucky, because, like, if She has a good day, she has, like, an amazing day. And then other days, like last week, there was a day and she was like, how many skids are on the bottom of sheds? I'm like, Hannah, what right? You know? Like, it's just very like, sporadic, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:51:23
if you took, I mean, I've I don't, I don't. Personally, I had a similar conversation with a minority owner who had similar conflicts because the majority owner wanted to keep, actually, three people on staff that weren't contributing to the business, right very well, and I think it's fine. I mean, from a financial standpoint, that's just a decision of how you want to spend your money. The challenge is going to be, if you bring in the sales guy that I was talking about, you're you run a reasonably good risk of driving him off if she stays in the office,

Unknown Speaker  1:52:11
right? Does that make sense? Yeah, no, totally. And

Matthias Miller  1:52:15
I'm not, and I'm not, I'm not saying you're doing the wrong thing. No, we just got to look at, and I'm very open to exploring creative solutions for it, I think. I mean, she's, she's, she's high Empath and and it's clearly, I don't know, I mean, clearly she's, she's had a story that's not been easy. I don't really care what it is, but or whatever. Like, there have been things that clearly have impacted her and

Speaker 1  1:52:55
but at the same time, it's like, yeah, trust me and Mike and I talk about this all the time, like, she makes way too much money. And then I, like, thought about being like, oh, like, maybe you could go down to part time. Like, just thinking, trying to think of creative ways to, like, wean her out, almost like, oh, Stetson goes to daycare. Like, that's their baby. Like, Stetson goes to daycare three days a week. Like, why don't you work here three days a week, and then take the other two and we'll cut your pay down to this. You know what I mean? Like, just but as far as, like, simple shit, like, like, site reviews, if somebody comes in and they're like, oh, I don't know if you can get the shed into my property. Like, how does your trailer work? And, like, some people just insist that we go to their house and I get that they want, like, personalized like, no, come to my house. Tell me where you think the best place to put the shed is, and but she can't even do that, and that's a problem, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:54:16
If you if we just threw everything wide open, what would Is there any career or employment path that you think she would excel at?

Speaker 1  1:54:34
I feel like a real asshole saying this, but on a good day, yeah, like a receptionist, which is kind of what I like use her for, like, if I have to, or I'll send her to the bank to do, like bank drops, or if I need something, or if we need something at i. Uh, Home Depot, or, like, whatever the case is, we'll send her. Or, like, honestly, if one of my kids, if the school calls and one of my kids has to be picked up, I send her, right, because my time is valuable here. Yeah, and hers is really, not

Matthias Miller  1:55:17
really like a personal assistant to run errands and let you do what you can do with minimal impact on it sounds a little bit like you're shielding her from having too much of a negative impact on the business.

Speaker 1  1:55:31
Oh, no. Totally. 100% Yeah. And I think that's part of, like, part of my thing is, like, like, I think, Oh, if there's automation, like, then I can, I won't be, like, so overwhelmed. Because, I mean, it sucks, because, like, someday she makes me overwhelmed. And then, like, the other days, her just taking messages that I can call back after everybody leaves, you know what I mean?

Speaker 1  1:56:14
But like, half the shit she could handle if she wanted to, I guess, like, I don't. I literally don't think she's dumb. I I think she's lazy. I don't think she wants to work.

Speaker 2  1:56:30
Yeah, is

Unknown Speaker  1:56:41
that the vibe you got from her, like, what did you get out of that?

Matthias Miller  1:56:47
Well, before I talk to her,

Matthias Miller  1:56:56
it's kind of a red flag situation, I think for her, it's, it's not, I can't. I don't feel like, I feel like I could wear one of two hats. And I don't know how to bring these two together. The one hat is the business hat. Like she's not pulling her weight. She's been here a year, like, like she herself admitted that if she were pulling a commission, she wouldn't be here and and so the business hats like the numbers don't like it doesn't work from a personal standpoint.

Matthias Miller  1:57:38
At a very minimum, she's got so much stuff going on in her head that it's no wonder she can't sell, right? Like she's got a deal. In my opinion, the biggest thing, if she's motivated to do it, the biggest thing she could do is find find healing and wholeness and resolution for trauma and thank you. Learn self compassion and honestly. If she would learn how to accept love for herself to her, probably a lot from herself, right? She would get out of her head, and people would fall in love with her, and she could she she has because of because of her life, because of everything. She has a profound ability to read people, right? She doesn't know how to manage it, and it throws her sideways, and she doesn't have this is all very much. I am not a professional.

Speaker 1  1:58:37
Well, I am not a therapist. No, no, no. I know

Matthias Miller  1:58:41
they've done a ton of work, internal work, because I've had to, and it's like she doesn't have a sense of self. She doesn't have and so if, and that's a journey to build, if there is a great i If she has a great avenue to start building that sense of self and self, self identity, and start to experience love, not like a an idea, but as something that she actually experiences, I think it could be transformational. I think there could be a path for her, and I don't I have no idea if it would end up being sales, but I think she could fit in somewhere.

Unknown Speaker  1:59:27
Oh no, I agree 100% and that's like, and I see that every single day, like, I mean, they live next to us. I see it at home when we're all out in the yard or here, like,

Speaker 1  1:59:46
but then I'm like, do I want to be that asshole that's like, okay, no, we're done here. Like, you're getting paid way too much, you know what I mean? Like, and lower her like, I don't I. Yeah, I think that's where we struggle with the whole family business thing.

Matthias Miller  2:00:09
The only family businesses suck. They can be really hard. I was in business with my brother for three or four years, but a year and a half we parted ways, and we've I still do some consulting for him and his stuff. His team has done a little bit of work for me here and there. Our relationship has gotten dramatically better since then, and they were just, we just went round and round. We could not, for whatever reason, get it to work. The people that I've seen successfully run family businesses. It's come down to having very honest and open and difficult conversations, right? And being willing to walk through them,

Speaker 1  2:01:03
which I love, like those like I literally do like and I like Mike, and I can disagree about something, and ideally this is, I mean, like 100% Mike owns this company 100% but the fact that he, like, takes my thoughts into account, and he's like, okay, yeah, you're and I can, like, take in what he's saying and be like, okay, yeah, like, and it takes very special people to work together and be married and and be, you know, and then it's like, then you involve the kids. And I'm like, holy shit. Like, and then I was like, oh, maybe, like, they'll, or she'll put more effort in. Like, this is gonna be like, I mean, if her and chance get married, like, her and chances someday, and like, but it's just not, she's not there.

Matthias Miller  2:02:12
I have friends of ours, friends of Yeah, friends of ours who, this is not this extreme. It's just who, who got I'm not saying this is anything about your situation. Who got to the point where they needed to cut off contact? It was actually for one of their own kids, because their kid was just taking advantage of them, which is an incredibly painful place to be.

Speaker 1  2:02:39
We did that to our oldest daughter, wow. And we had to, like, she would, like, manipulate every single situation. Like, we had her working in the business for a while, and she was just collecting and collecting and collecting and, like, literally just taking total advantage of every single situation.

Speaker 1  2:03:07
Yeah, like fucking crazy. And we we wrote to her, like both on Easter and we were and we've tried and tried and tried, but, like, she's just in our own ways, like Mike's ex wife raised her, she was with her the majority of the time, and we had chance our oldest the majority of the time, and he learned, like, if I want nice things, I need to be willing to to work for him and to put in the Time and to be able to figure out these situations and difficult conversations and, and he's pretty mature for a 24 year old kid like running the shop and and he deals with with all of this, like if we bring new shop employees in that are older and More experienced and, and honestly, he handles it extremely well, like and some people just don't. I just don't. I don't know where to or what to

Matthias Miller  2:04:20
is your biggest concern with how you approach this with Hannah or with chance?

Speaker 1  2:04:29
Oh, definitely not. Chance. Chance has had conversations with her over like, numerous times, okay, um, and I mean Mike and I both have conversations with her numerous times. Like, I'm very soft with her, like, because I get it, she's like, been through some shit and, like, yeah, okay, but I've been through some shit also. Like, and I get she's a new mom, there's postpartum, there's, like, all of these different factors. So I've like, been extremely gentle with her. But like, Mike is i. Very stern yet very compassionate, like he's, he's very much like Hannah. I'm I'm telling you these things because I want you to do better for you and chance and the baby and like this has nothing to do with me, like this has. And we've had heart to hearts and and it's like, for a minute, I think she gets it, like, even a couple days sometimes, and then just gone. And, I mean, we like, we like, bend over backwards. So I mean, obviously I drive a company vehicle, but whatever. And I went to get a new company vehicle because I'd like had this. We needed a ride off, really, and they weren't going to give me, like, next to nothing for my trade. So I was like, Oh, and this is she was pregnant. And I was like, she was working for the business. And I was like, Oh, well, you can drive this one. So we, like, literally gave her a 2020, Yukon Denali. And like, not that I need a thank you or, like, a but like, show a little bit of appreciation by, like, showing up and responding to emails like, I don't know.

Matthias Miller  2:06:29
How are you going to know?

Matthias Miller  2:06:36
How do you gage if what you're doing is working, and how do you know when it finally actually isn't or or

Speaker 1  2:06:47
so I think at this point, I feel like I've tried literally every avenue, yep, and it's not working. Nothing has worked. And like Mike and like, Mike and I had a conversation about this the other day, like, and that's kind of when I, like, got into, like, the I was like, I need some sort of automation, because, again, she can answer the phones and and sometimes all people care about is getting a text back or or Having their call answered, even if it is the receptionist. You know what I mean, like, at least their calls being answered.

Speaker 1  2:07:31
But I'm like, I think that's probably the larger portion of like, why I kind of want to automate more so I don't feel so overwhelmed when I'm doing everything. I mean, I prefer everything. But are

Matthias Miller  2:07:50
you sure you're not just automating it to avoid a difficult decision with Hannah?

Speaker 1  2:07:58
No. So I think I'm at the point where I'm like, Okay, I have to try to automate everything so I can let her go. Got it that makes that makes sense. So

Matthias Miller  2:08:10
this so the automation actually becomes a pathway to let her go. Yeah, what are you I think you sent over some HR documents. I don't remember if this is what are you paying her right now?

Speaker 1  2:08:22
She's like, 825, a week. Okay,

Matthias Miller  2:08:27
so you could get

Unknown Speaker  2:08:35
that's like before tax and and whatever that.

Matthias Miller  2:08:40
So you might have to pay a little bit more depending on the skill set, but you could have a full time admin assistant who could help implement these systems, who does three times what she's doing now For

Unknown Speaker  2:08:59
a little bit more, like 10%

Matthias Miller  2:09:01
or 10 to 20% maybe 20% more, yeah, 25 maybe

Speaker 1  2:09:07
at the most, yeah, and again. Right now, I'm getting nothing, so I'd rather take the chance. Like, yeah. And then you have, like, I mean, we started, we like, because their baby's like, 14 months old, and we like, Oh my God, we love the shit out of him. Like, he's so cute and so perfect, but like, he needed socialization. So I'm like, Hannah, you have to send him to get to daycare at least part time. Like, this kid's not even going to know how to talk to another kid. But literally, like, I don't get much out of her when he's in BayCare, and then when he's here with her, those two days a week, I get literally nothing, right? Or less than I would get if they weren't even here. Because then I'm sidetracked, then I'm, you know, like, having to go outside to take a call, like it's just, it's not and then I'm like, thinking to myself, like, maybe I just work better alone. But it's not that. It's It's again, I need somebody that

Unknown Speaker  2:10:28
will work as hard as I will, and want results like want and again, I don't, I don't ask people to work 12 hour days. She works 10 to five. I'm good with that,

Speaker 1  2:10:45
right? I'm literally good with like, somebody that wanted to work nine to two when their kids were in school. Or, you know what I mean, like, if I can get more out of it than I'm gay. Getting now.

Matthias Miller  2:11:05
Well, I mean, you could get the right assistant at 10 hours a week and get more it sounds like,

Speaker 1  2:11:16
yeah, yeah, no, I would agree. And that's the thing, like Mike will be like, oh, and like, he he's very busy too. Like, I understand that, but he'll be like, Oh, just have Hannah do it. And I'm like, okay, but when Hannah doesn't get it done, that's on me. And I really don't think I had a problem delegating until kill this, like I'm not gonna take the rat, like I'm not gonna be here on a Sunday busting my ass for stuff that could have been done all week long, right? And that's literally why Mike and I have no life like our life is here,

Matthias Miller  2:12:04
so, so, but then that's also gotta be, you can't have that happen and have it not playing, uh, plant that you guys's relationship, right? Like, you guys need that time, yeah?

Speaker 1  2:12:20
Like, I won't lie, we'll have like, Margarita dates at the office, like, like, we'll literally get like, we'll just sit there and bust through QuickBooks and catch up and and literally, like, we shouldn't have to do that. Like, we should be able to have a day off, yeah, like, not work, seven days a week, 12 hour, 14 hour days. And then I'm like, I mean, not that this really plays into anything business wise, but they live in one of our rentals. Yeah, so they, neither one of them, pay rent. They literally pay for their internet and their electric bill. I'm like, Oh, cool. And again, I wouldn't mind that if I was getting something from and not that I have to get something to receive. Like, not that I'm like, it's not like a matching game, but like, come on. Like, it's frustrating when I'm here seven days a week, Mike and I are here seven days a week, and there's like, little to no appreciation and no drive to do better. Like, why are we even building this business? Like, I mean, chance does well, I can't take anything away from him.

Unknown Speaker  2:14:00
But, like, I

Speaker 1  2:14:03
don't know. I think he could do things more efficiently sometimes, and I get that he's still young, and I think that, like, kind of comes with age and like, learning and the experience. But as far as she goes, there's, I don't see anything getting better. I don't support any growth or learning.

Matthias Miller  2:14:29
What's the market value of the rental that they're in?

Speaker 1  2:14:33
Oh, well, it depends on the time of year, like during the summer last year, because it was an Airbnb before, but I was getting like $2,700 a week last year.

Matthias Miller  2:14:46
What's the what's the annual? What do you think you've got annually out of

Unknown Speaker  2:14:51
it?

Speaker 1  2:14:53
Like long term rental, one year lease, probably 23 to 2500 a month. Mm.

Speaker 2  2:15:02
Okay, hi, this

Unknown Speaker  2:15:11
is my sidekick, Riley,

Matthias Miller  2:15:14
hi. Riley, hi, I'll be in the middle, I know.

Speaker 1  2:15:18
Go push him on this one for a little bit. No, okay, well, leave me alone and I'll be I will leave you. That's awesome,

Speaker 1  2:15:37
yeah? Like, it's to the point where, like, today, we had Mike pick up Riley at school early so she could, like, Come hang out with the baby. Because it's like, everything is overwhelming to Hannah. Like, everything, yeah,

Matthias Miller  2:16:00
it's going to be.

Matthias Miller  2:16:08
It's also going to maybe it already has been. Can easily turn into challenge, challenge for chance as well to run, but he needs to run with all of this stuff going on as well. Yeah, old enough to recognize that or not, but

Speaker 1  2:16:26
so I think he's mature enough to recognize that, because like and I'll I'm very like again, not that I need it, but Mike and chance on, almost on a daily or, like, we couldn't do this without you. Like, we're thankful for you every day. Like, like, they're very, very supportive and like, appreciative and and like, if I'm having a rough day, like, there's days where I leave here and I just literally, like, want to cry, and if either one of them see like me, even like, getting to that point, they'll just Come hug me like, like, they're very, very appreciative of what I do for them and what I do for this business, and what I do like, like, I'm married in, you know what I mean. So it's not like, but I benefit from it, but I don't do that because I benefit from it, like I I do it because I literally love what I do. Yes,

Matthias Miller  2:17:28
it shows Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  2:17:30
And I guess I just need somebody that also loves what they do.

Matthias Miller  2:17:35
Yes, I don't know. I mean, we talked a little bit earlier about what are the types of people, what has to be true of the people that that you hire? And I mean, there's a lot of those values. I mean, there's just values misalignment, right? And you just named one of them, somebody I was so just, you know, very, very candidly, up until this point, I had a little bit of a knot in my stomach, of, like, I always get imposter syndrome, like, what if there's no way I can help you guys. Like, what if this is all for not, you know, like, and then I was going through your prep materials, and I'm like, and I started getting so excited. And I'm like, I get to help, spend all day working with, with, with you, and with, with Mike. And I'm like, I got so excited. And I love being with, I love this is my space, like this feels so at home to me. I love it, right? And so there's a simple reflection of value that we share that value, yeah, I try to, I don't like keeping employees around who don't love what they do and either move them along and whatever, or like, if there's a way to fit the business, to shape it around what they love, I think they're going to perform better doing that. So, yeah. So, so you have this values misalignment and but if you actually had somebody who would show up every day excited because they love what they're doing, even if it's as boring as entering numbers into QuickBooks, which is exciting to some people, like that would it would shift so much,

Unknown Speaker  2:19:08
it would be so huge.

Matthias Miller  2:19:12
So I think the I'm very happy to look at you look, look at automation with you guys, because I think it's very necessary. I think it's it'll greatly simplify your business. But I think you and Mike coming to a decision and a plan that I don't know, not, not to, not to rush you guys to

Speaker 1  2:19:38
no no. Like, honestly, this is what I needed. Like, I I guess I'm like, and very rarely do I need validation. Like, I don't. I'm not somebody that needs to be validated. Like, not to be like, full of myself, but like, I know what needs to be done, right? But sometimes, like, especially like, in these situations, I'm like, Okay. I need a little bit of validation here, like, because sometimes I just get so frustrated that I'm like, Oh my God. Like, there's been times where I could be like, don't come back, don't come back. Like, but it's like, I swallow it, and I because I obviously don't want her to leave on bad terms. But like, I don't think, I think she has a lot of like self reflection and like self caring and self improvement before she's gonna fit anywhere, before she's gonna be able to do anything.

Matthias Miller  2:20:33
Yes, and I think sometimes it's easier, a little bit like my conversation about about my brother, yeah, very different, but sometimes it's easier to live from a distance. Yeah, and, and I think, man, I don't know how. I think it's very obvious to her to or it seems obvious to me that even if there's no drive, she still recognizes how deeply you guys care for her. Yeah, I have hope that even if it comes to like you're really sorry, like just it's taking a toll on the business and and this doesn't work

Speaker 1  2:21:14
for the business, not working right now, yeah, but we love

Matthias Miller  2:21:17
you dearly, and you know that she'll I have hopes that she'll hear through amidst the financial side of it, the disappointment and the what do we do next, and all of that stuff I do, I do have hope she'll hear that. She'll hear that love that you guys have for her.

Speaker 1  2:21:36
Yeah, and I think that she will, but again, it like depends on

Unknown Speaker  2:21:44
the day.

Speaker 1  2:21:49
Like, I'm like, Oh my God, but no, I think you're absolutely right. I think it needs to be done. And then I wonder, like, is she losing more sales than she's getting like, like, I shouldn't have to get on her email after hours to make sure she's responding to everybody, right, right? Like, that's something somebody should have to do.

Matthias Miller  2:22:14
No, that's, that's, I mean, no, it's, it's the wrong person in the wrong role at a minimum. No, you shouldn't. And if anything, if you had an exceptional sales person in there, you would, you would be, you would, you would not be focusing on sales all that much, I would think, right, you're like fixing fires. Because, I mean, one of the things that practical things that came up with her, hit with with her was and quoting better ways to quote out site work, like, if you have a great salesperson who and if her numbers are accurate that she's selling 60 to 70% site work on her jobs and she doesn't have a good quoting tool, a great salesperson is going to get on you and say, like, Heather, come on. Like, I want to give these people prices. Like, this is dumb that I have to wait. Like, can you please put together some kind of quoting state so they can quote this out, and you would be you, or Mike would get buried and like, let's short the systems, because now everything's breaking and we're out six weeks, and chance we gotta fix this so that we can get these things out in four weeks instead of six. Do we need to hire? Do we need to rearrange the shop, etc? The fact that your attention is getting pushed back into deeper into sales is,

Speaker 1  2:23:45
yeah, exactly. Wait, did she say she sold 60 to 70% of her sales included site work

Matthias Miller  2:23:55
that that was her estimate?

Unknown Speaker  2:23:58
No, I would say maybe 20.

Speaker 1  2:24:07
Yeah, like one of the seven on the whip list now that haven't been started. One of those had potential site work, yep.

Unknown Speaker  2:24:19
So I don't really know how don't I don't know. I mean, I know what needs to be done. I just think it would be easier for me to do it

Unknown Speaker  2:24:37
if

Unknown Speaker  2:24:39
I had some sort of backup. So I think finding somebody to hire that wants to be here, wants to excel, wants to make money, wants to contribute. I.

Speaker 1  2:25:01
Uh, and like, a little bit of organization automation, like, kind of, like that side of things, um, but I think at that point then I would be like, okay, so I, like, just set it up so, like, if I miss a call, they get a text message that says, like, hey, sorry I missed your call. If you'd like to continue by text like, respond, Yes, and it's me responding to them, but like, when I'm not on the phone with them, I'm not missing other calls, if that makes sense, right?

Matthias Miller  2:25:38
Exactly. So you're viewing this as a Yeah, I don't know what the timeline. Timeline is, six month plan like, let's let's go, Yeah, let's go build out the automation. Let's go find the right person, decide on the right direction for the hire, whether it's admin assistant or additional salesperson. Yeah, yeah. Um, well, and, I mean, there's a lot that would suddenly get freed up too, if, if, if we were able to find a holler as well,

Speaker 1  2:26:10
right? Because then Mike can take more and, or not even more, like, different things,

Matthias Miller  2:26:17
right? Could take different things, yeah,

Speaker 1  2:26:21
because, I mean, like, right now, like, we get bills, I enter bills, I pay bills I handle, like, the insurance and audits and payroll and like, like, honestly, if I'm not here at seven o'clock in the morning, and I don't work past 630 at night, like, I feel like I accomplished nothing, yeah, and meanwhile, I have like, 17 piles of laundry waiting to be bolded. I literally, like, when we took the break and I was like, in line at the bank for a bank drop, I was literally Googling, like, laundry services near me, like, can somebody just come to my house and do my laundry? Like, not to be like, needy, but like, holy crap,

Matthias Miller  2:27:08
oh, it's not needy. It's, it's, it's, it's wage differentials and earning differentials. It's like, I don't think there's anything needy about it. My I grew up in retail, which means, like, you you had to be there, and sometimes late night, you know, evening customers and all this other kind of stuff and whatever. And my mom had this laundry system and, like, if something wouldn't get wrinkly by not being folded, it wouldn't get folded, just dump it in the drawer. It's fine. You'll find it, yeah, I think that's crazy. And I'm like, Well, I mean, this is how we grew up. Like, it just wasn't a priority. Like, you have, frankly, underwear. Who cares about that? Like, nobody that's a problem. Exactly.

Unknown Speaker  2:27:52
Yeah, nobody cares about that.

Matthias Miller  2:27:56
Yeah, good. Well, I think that's, I think that's helpful. I mean, it's helpful for me. I hope same for you.

Unknown Speaker  2:28:03
Yeah? No, I Yes, exactly yes, 100% Yeah.

Matthias Miller  2:28:12
Good. Well, is there anybody else over there that should talk to you today? Or

Speaker 1  2:28:20
so, Mike had to go to a meeting that I was not aware of with, like, our I guess property engineering people, they, like, do all the the planning and crap for our properties and Like development. So and the guys are not back yet, but they should all be here tomorrow. Okay,

Matthias Miller  2:28:51
do you know when they'll be back? I mean, do they? Do they have, do you have an ETA on them being back?

Unknown Speaker  2:28:54
I can find out.

Speaker 2  2:28:58
Let me see. Chance. Hannah is. Chance back he is, Oh, okay.

Speaker 1  2:29:12
I guess I missed that. Hold on. Let me go see if chances Do you know where he is? Okay? Hodge, do you know where chances I didn't realize you were all back. Bucha, okay, yeah, I'll grab chance. Hold on, I'm gonna join again on the computer, if that's cool. Yep, that's cool. Okay, so I'm gonna and I'll join on the computer, and then I'll grab chance.

Matthias Miller  2:29:37
Perfect. Thanks. Good. Thanks. Bye. By applause.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai