Speaker 1  00:43
I need to make that bigger on me. Oh, good. Hey,

Matthias Miller  00:47
there you go. Hey, chance. Hey, how are you good? How are you doing

Unknown Speaker  00:52
good, good.

Matthias Miller  00:57
So Heather was bragging about the guys's on site output today sounds like you guys were cranking at work.

Speaker 1  01:04
Oh yeah, we did a gazebo. Oh, an hour away, maybe pretty good. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  01:12
cool, yeah. Just looking at just wanting to chat, have a bunch of ask a bunch of questions about production and looking for different ways to improve, do things better, make things easier for everybody. Probably easiest way to jump in is a little bit but just want to hear from you a little bit how you would describe your role, what you

Speaker 1  01:39
do, what I do that's tough. I know a lot of everything. I get the sheds ready to go, load them, make sure, you know, they everything they have, get them ready for the my dad, who's the delivery driver, and then, really, I've been spending a lot of time with with working with these guys, because as soon as I'm not here, they, they slow down quite drastically. Um, there's no real pace center other than myself and quality control type of thing. But I've kind of just been trying to set the pace, work with them, lead, manage the people. I'll cut layout, you know, all that stuff. Look ahead and just try to try to make sure that we can be the most productive that we can be. And there's a whole bunch of other miscellaneous stuff that that goes on throughout the day or whatever. But yeah, for the most part, I've just been really trying to to work with these guys, because we need more output, and if I'm not in the shop with them, and it goes downhill pretty quick. So yeah.

Matthias Miller  03:15
So walk me through. So my understanding is, but what we threw a little bit, how you how do you pick which abilities to build? You basically build them in order. Do you? Do you group different buildings together?

Speaker 1  03:33
So it kind of depends. It's definitely for the most part, in order. But if I'm pulling the slips, I like to make sure we have everything to complete the sheds. That's a big one for me. And really, kind of, you know, group them by at least the style of the of the shed, just because cutting all the same Raptors is super easy. So I might skip around, you know, a little bit to pull a couple sheds that are a little bit further down, but it makes it a little bit quicker for us, and I think that helps, I think it helps these guys stay in a groove when we do it that way. So yeah, for the most part, it's in order and style. I guess, like I said, material is the other big thing is I hate pulling sheds out that are not finished and then pulling them back in and moving people around. So those are the three things that I look for when I'm pulling slips Okay,

Matthias Miller  04:39
and then you're not responsible for, I mean, you're just double checking that the material is there, but you're not necessarily responsible for ordering any of that. Is that right? Or do you, do you order any of, any of the material?

Speaker 1  04:51
I was for a little while, and then they kind of started doing their own. Thing with the with the material, and we have a whiteboard that maybe, if I need something that is like, like a lumber good, like something that we were like, lists of, and I noticed we're running low, I'll come in put it on our whiteboard, and then he can order it when it when it comes around. But doors and vinyl windows, even the stuff that like makes the sheds customized, I guess I don't. I don't do much of that unless you know they're on vacation or something like that. And then I absolutely can. I just it's not what needed. So,

Matthias Miller  05:40
yeah, makes sense. Do you? Are you guys paid on piece rate, hourly salary? Is there any performance bonus for production?

Speaker 1  05:53
There's so I have 10, six, six or seven guys now, and one of them is salary, and rest are hourly, and we tried the piece work out a little bit was kind of a shit show. And then I'm still trying different ideas for the performance bonuses, I guess is what you would call them. We have a meeting every morning, and I kind of, you know, set a goal, and if we reach that goal, everybody gets one hour of PTO. They don't get anything. So we're, we're trying that out. It's, it's kind of hit or miss, because I find it very hard to motivate my guys to do anything that is in smoking, pot or drinking. So yep, but yeah, we're, we're, we've tried a couple different things, and nothing really works like it doesn't. The performance bonuses have haven't worked for me, and you know, it's probably the way I'm setting them up. And I'll be super clear, because it's kind of a work in progress as I introduced them, but haven't found anything that'll work really video,

Matthias Miller  07:19
what went sideways with the performance bonuses. Besides, just, I mean, what was that like? Like, is it just it didn't move them at all? Like, they just, yeah,

Speaker 1  07:28
yeah. Like, like, it would be, you know, maybe I introduce it, and maybe I'll get a day or two out of them. And then it's like they just completely forget what the performance bonus is, even though I go over to meeting every morning with them, hey, if we get this much done, you know, this this and this done. No, that's the goal for today. And it's like in one ear out the other, they just, they don't pay her well,

Matthias Miller  07:53
the way they fix this in car sales is they take $100 bill, or a stack of $100 bills, slap it on the whiteboard and say, as soon as you reach, I mean, obviously that's more individual versus group, but as soon as you hit this number, go grab, grab your $100 bill and and stuff in your pocket, or go walk out the door. You know, whatever the thing is. But sounds to me like these guys have much more of a day to day, like, very, very, like, like, these guys just have a day to day kind of mentality. Like, if I could win something today, that might be enough to motivate me, but if I have to think about trying to hit a weekly number or anything like that, I'm out.

Speaker 1  08:33
And for me, it's, I would love to be able to do something like that, like a like, a weekly, a monthly goal, but it's super, super hard, where we're always all over the place, like, if I could, if I could sit down and go, Okay, this week, we're going to do these 25 sheds. That's it. It will work out. But you know, if it's if, if one day during the week, my my dad needs to take two guys to go work on one of our rental properties. The goal is, is almost unattainable at that point, you know, and those guys know it. They, they like that. It would work really good for them. I think, I think most of them would, would, that would work really good for them, but it's, it's, it's all of that other stuff that is going to make our goals unattainable, that and then as soon as they, you know, if that happens on a Tuesday or Wednesday, they're going to go, well, we're not reaching a goal this week, you know, right? So what

Matthias Miller  09:40
if? What if you came up? Would there be any world in which you could come up with a production value per hour, per man hour? And so two guys are gone, then you're like, Okay, sorry. Well, look, you guys were gone. That's not your fault. So based on the time we got left, this is the goal, and we'll figure it out based on how much time you're clocked in and what you actually. Sure what your output actually is

Speaker 1  10:03
like. So you're saying kind of based on the individual employee and what they get done based on the time that they were here,

Matthias Miller  10:17
it would be this is getting a little bit complicated, but, yeah, maybe it's not by the employee, because you don't want to punish people who have to go work on rental properties. But, but for as it's okay, there's tricky details to this, but just the back of the napkin is every hour that each person is working in a shop. So if you got six guys and and you're working eight hours in the shop, that's 48 hours. So for that 48 hours, we you should be able to produce like your goal is to produce this dollar value in sheds. And so then if two guys leave, well, you guys can still get your weekly bonus. We just, we know those two guys were in the shop during that time. Mike knows he's he's pulling guys off production. So of course, he's not going to produce as much. So we thought, if we're going to have everybody here, we're going to have 40 times, times six, which is 240 hours, which translates into this, this dollar value. Yeah, okay. And, and now two guys were gone yesterday. Hey guys, you had to hit this much. But now, because these two guys were gone, you only have to hit this much. And come on, you guys could do it. Like, like, it's still in shot, it's still in reach. Like, let's go for it.

Unknown Speaker  11:43
Yeah, yeah. No, that makes sense, yeah.

Matthias Miller  11:49
You have to be a little bit careful. Then, I mean, it gets tricky with paid time off and stuff like that. Like, how do you want to handle pay time off? Because obviously it feels the other thing is that that'll help too, is it'll make, make guys, I don't know if guys Alright, there's less punishment for somebody to go off and work on a rental property, because, you know, they're not going to necessarily Miss straight up miss a bonus, because Right, right,

Unknown Speaker  12:17
they're out. I Okay, no, that makes that. That definitely makes sense.

Matthias Miller  12:27
And then the other thing that I like about it is that, or that type of thing, is that, if you can incentivize them to, and I don't know what all the requirements are about mandatory breaks and other things like that, but certainly water cooler conversations, you know, where suddenly they're spending 20 minutes or 30 minutes in the break room. Three guys are spending 30 minutes in the break room. Well, hey, like, if it's team based, then hopefully the rest of the guys are like, look. Guys like, stop. Like, get out here and get your butt secure. Let's go build something. So,

Speaker 1  13:05
yeah, no, no, that definitely makes more sense than everything I've been trying so far. So,

Matthias Miller  13:15
okay, so something to explore. Then what? What type of have you had? The other way this can go sideways is that is when you have buildings that are Well, generally, the more complicated the building, the more the higher price it's going to be. So roughly back of the napkin, it works out. There may be some exceptions to that and and I don't know that you're at a scale that you need to think about that I've had, had other other people who've who've for one off situations too. There are places of like, like, situations might annually invest your goal, your budgetion, but there's this one building that's really complicated and get it guys like, it's just, I'm going to lower your goal by this amount because I think it's going to take extra time,

Unknown Speaker  14:20
right, right. So

Matthias Miller  14:33
ends up waiting on who for, for what like, what's the most common reason for somebody to run out of work? One of your guys? I

Matthias Miller  14:50
or not, not to throw too much stuff at you, let me ask this actually question. Do you guys run your your production on stations like

Speaker 1  14:59
it's so we. Have our framing table, which does all of our framing, all of our wall sheathing, and then after that, it's just rafters, roof sheathing, shingles, corners, trim, doors, windows, and then, you know, detailing and collar tied and all that stuff. But when our sheds come off the Framing Tables, the gate lines are all trimmed out, ready to go, so there's no doing any of that stuff. And I like to keep, you know, the Roofers Roofing, like, if, if you're a roofer, you're gonna move. But I like to, you know, kind of bottleneck, and make sure everybody can do, do everything, not necessarily everything, but no step behind, a step forward and just Make sure that they can keep themselves busy.

Unknown Speaker  16:00
Sorry,

Matthias Miller  16:07
all right, makes sense. So, so the guys, rarely do they, if you got them step behind step then most they've got stuff to do. Yeah. What's

Matthias Miller  16:31
if I were to ask each of the guys what their biggest point is about action. What do you think they they tell me, I uh,

Speaker 1  16:47
I would say most of them wouldn't have an answer for you how they work. The the guy that runs the table, he's he's awesome. I mean, he can do his job really good, but he's a little

Speaker 1  17:08
military, like he is in the military, so he kind of like, he's like, I need communication. He's like, Oh yeah, go grab me the mirror and I'm gonna do what? What tool? Like you're making a sound. Like you want communication, but you just asked me to grab you a sound. Dude like, What do you mean? So he would,

Speaker 1  17:32
week ago, and he said that for sure, one of the other guys that is

Unknown Speaker  17:44
he said,

Speaker 1  17:56
and more understanding of what is okay to leave.

Speaker 1  18:21
Lack of having the material, and then I think me and him off the same page with that quite a bit. Yeah,

Speaker 1  18:48
to be, and I think it's, it's and maybe this is just me, because my dad doesn't seem to think the same way. But like a lot of shit just gets thrown in on us. Like, all right, we have to do this shit now because I told the guy we could deliver it by, you know, Friday, and it's Wednesday, and then it's like, Alright, guys, let's get off of what you were working on. Clean up what you're doing, you know, clean off your staging. Go reset up over here, and now let's go and start working on that. And I would say for everybody out there, other than myself, they have a really hard time with adjusting on the fly, like a lot of them, like I said, like most of them, just just want to go look their part. They can't fucking think about about switching it up and just jump from this job to this job and take you know we're doing perfect.

Matthias Miller  20:17
To, you know, whatever, create a bunch of, I don't know, go crazy, but yeah,

Matthias Miller  20:29
etc. Is that just hey, it it slipped, it fell through the cracks. Just did.

Unknown Speaker  20:41
Yeah, yeah, I

Speaker 1  20:50
yeah, I think so. Or he's just way too busy and doesn't get to it. And then, you know, the shed stood and everything's done, except for the vinyl siding. It's like, Hey, you ordered this vinyl that's been on the whiteboard for two weeks. I'll do that right now. And then he's doesn't do it for another week. And then, you know, three weeks later, I'm like, Hey, we got this shed outside. It's not done. All it needs is vinyl we can get, you know, delivery paid. Oh, okay. And then, you know, and then it comes three or four days later, and then I gotta pull the shed inside and then pull it back up, so it's Yeah, I think I don't know Yeah,

Matthias Miller  21:41
you're about to say something you don't want to say it.

Speaker 1  21:47
When he started the business, it was brand new. And now we're a pretty big business, and we do all of our own rental property. We do, you know, like we're redoing a duplex right now in Gorham, and I think he still kind of has the mentality that, you know, he always did everything, one man show he did everything. And it's like, Well, dude, like, I can't stay in the shop and manage these guys and go and run these air and go and do this here and, you know, I can't take a group of guys or a crew and go do a pavilion and keep an eye on the guys at the shop, right? And then, you know, plus the deliveries, and then the, even for him, like just the accounting, the ordering material, he does all the CAD drawings, like there's just so much to it now, I think it's, I think it's a lot harder for us to do everything, and I think that's where you kind of see the materials not being ordered. That's kind of pushed to the back, because he's got so much more shit going on and so much more stuff that he's trying to to manage,

Matthias Miller  23:03
right? Well, I mean, real estate deliveries by themselves can be right. I mean, that's a full time job. Exactly So, full time job.

Unknown Speaker  23:12
So, yeah,

Matthias Miller  23:17
it makes a lot of sense. Do you Do you know? Why do you know why things get thrown in, into the into the delivery schedule? Is that just because somebody, I mean, I can imagine a scenario customer walks in and says, Hey, I need to buy something, but I gotta, I gotta have it now, and if not, I'm going to go buy it from somebody down the road, down the street, tough shed, I don't know, fill in the blank. And can you give it to me by Friday? And like, that's most like, Is that the kind of situation it is? Or it's just like, or, Hey, we forgot about it.

Speaker 1  23:54
There's, there's definitely some of that. There's definitely some lack of communication with customers that causes somewhere, you know, a shed gets pushed back too far, and then the customer screaming and screaming the building. It's like, All right, well, you know what? Like, we just don't want to, like the sales ladies don't want to deal with them anymore, and I don't blame them for that, but it's like, All right, we got to get this shit done now, so that these people will stop calling some of that, sometimes there'll be miscommunication on what the customer wanted or what they wrote on the slip versus what we did. And then you know, the customer gets the shed and they're like, Well, this is not what I wanted. This is wrong. And then you know, we'll bring it back and like, All right, well, we got rebuilding this and we didn't get it delivered. And that's good customer service, I guess. So there's, there's, there's a bunch of different reasons for it, I think

Matthias Miller  24:54
so on the rebuild. Do you know where that breaks down? Because, I mean, you guys are trying. To at least trying to collect customer signatures on on orders, is that something got good?

Speaker 1  25:08
I think that it's been like we just did. I think it's idea room, dia room, and sometimes what idea room shows the customer when they do their 3d design is not how we build our shed like we just I think it was last, last week we had some guy call it, and he was a whip pain anyways, but on the 3d shed design, it shows that our normal eight frame Gable sheds have facial trim on the long balls. And we've never done that. It's just the two by eight for vinyl sheds. We'll metal wrap it and ms t1 11, we just beat so he's like, Well, I can clearly see that my shed supposed to have facial trim. And it's like, but we, man, we're done. And he's the first person that's ever complained, and I've noticed some other stuff, like the dormers, the dormers on the on idea room are different than how we do our dormers. And, you know, I bring it up, and I go, Hey, like, these are different. Do you want me to do it the way that idea room has it? And he's like, No, it doesn't look good that way. And so it's like, so that happens, right? It just could be. It's just like, like you said, like, a lot of one off stuff now,

Matthias Miller  26:25
right? Well, that becomes hard for, I mean, that becomes hard for everybody, because customers thinks they're buying one thing. The salesperson thinks they did their job. You're you're showing up, you're building what you always build. And then at the end of the day, customers like, Yeah, but he did give me what, what, what I what it was promised. And getting, getting that whole, getting that whole thing seamless the whole way through the process is eliminates a lot of back and forth. The

Speaker 1  26:59
other thing is, and I don't think we have many rebuilds because of this, but it's definitely something that I noticed, where people are literally just buying sheds online. They never step foot on any of our loss. They never look at any of our sheds. They never and then they get to shed, and they have no idea what to expect other than the picture that was on that built in by so, yeah, I think that's a kind of a problem. That's, that's all customer. That's what I always tell them, like, you should always come down and check them, check them out, you know, open the doors, feel the doors, and show the windows work like so, so you know that. You know you're getting a shed win about a house on it, you know, so.

Matthias Miller  27:59
Do you then do do you run quality control then as well,

Speaker 1  28:05
most of the time, and for you know, whatever reason, say I'm out in the yard and working on one of his projects, I'll tell one of my more trusted guys, hey, let's run through the shed real quick. Make sure, you know, everything's good on the inside. Everything's good on the outside. Sweep it out. Really, really good. You know, tag the door, move the slips, and then pull it out. If it's a if it's a smaller shed. But if I don't say that, they won't, they'll sweep it out and never look at it.

Matthias Miller  28:40
So there's no real way to, you know, really currently have a good way to make sure that actually happens,

Speaker 1  28:48
right? So we have, we have, like, sign off slips, or sure that is supposed to be done. But again, getting these guys to fill them out is like, oh, and it's like, all I'm asking for is an initial on what you did, if you do something just initially and then go on to the next thing. And it's like they struggle with that so hard. And I'm like, I literally fill out every single one of the sign off slips for these guys, because it is such a waste of time. Like even the guy that that does all the framing, he takes the sign off, slip with the shed slip, puts them in the shed after he just framed up the deck and four walls, and can't even fill that out. And I'm like, What is going on, dude, like, you literally just took this on the clipboard, put it over here. No, you did this and then didn't even bother to fill it out.

Matthias Miller  29:34
One way to fix that is to build their production. Sorry. Hang on, I got my call trying to rank through to is to build a production bonus based on the value of all this, all the slips that they got signed off on.

Speaker 1  29:51
So when, when I when I think this was two, yeah, so two years ago. Two summers ago, I tried piece work. We tried piece work for a couple of weeks, and, like I did, a percentage of the shed price for every job that was on the sign, off slip.

Speaker 1  30:19
And then, and then I had, I had guys that would go into to a shed, see that it wasn't done, fill out their name for someone they didn't do and then when I went over to him, was like, Hey, why did you do this wrong? Like, I can see that you did this, and I can see you did it wrong. You're not going to get that percentage and navigate to go fix it. And then they would go, Oh, no, I didn't do that. I just signed it off. Some did it. And I'm like, What are you talking about? Looks terrible, luggage. Yeah, so I know, but no, no, that that's okay, fair enough. I think, I think my problem is, is I got too much going on. So once I get something that I can at least introduce. I just immediately try to introduce it and then work on it every day and with the guys and learn the flaws and do that. And it never has worked for me. So, yeah,

Matthias Miller  31:22
I responsible for hiring, interviewing, hiring guys in the shop? Me, you, where have you typically, what's been your process for finding guys? What do you look for?

Speaker 1  31:38
Tell everybody you know is, as long as you're willing to learn and you want to work like I expect you to work while you're here. I expect your you to keep yourself busy, if for whatever reason, then you have a lull where you know the guy that's training you or I stepped away and you finished a job. Well, let me just leave us. Pick up trash, whatever I tell everybody, as long as you're willing to work, move a little bit and learn what you're doing. You know, it's, for the most part. It's all super repetitive stuff, like you do some stuff, but it's two sided and four styles of shed. It's not rocket science, but I can't, I can't get anybody through the door. We did. We did a job fair a month ago, and I got one pip. Who he's he's 400 pounds at 14 years old, like so it's, it's like we would bring them in, and then I'm trying to get them to work. I'm trying to help them out. And then, no, but then he had, I don't know, I think I've gotten 15 to 20 calls from from people he knows his family. But other than that, I haven't been able to hire anybody. I can't even get anybody to go and everybody that he introduced me to, they don't speak any English, you know, like three words. So, so hiring, it's, it's, I'll basically hire anybody, but I'm very quick at, you know, if I don't think this is going to work out, if you're shuffling your feet and pushing the broom with one hand and not really moving, and I asked you to call them, Hey, we gotta pick up the pace a little bit, you know, little bit more effort a day or two, and of that, and take off. The guy should only have to teach somebody how to shingle a roof two or three times, and then you should be able to pretty much lay shingles, at least, I think so. But we've definitely gotten better with our training, where it's me and one other guy that I let do the training, and that's only because he's He's pretty good at breaking it down and going slow and telling them what to do instead of doing it for them and then expecting them to do it next time, like that. Never works for anybody. If you show them what to do and then, hey, go, remember how I showed you to do that? Go do that again. It's like, yeah, you but you didn't even let me shoot the nail I like. So, so it's the trainings getting better, but we can't, we can't get anybody in talk to bunch of the sober houses, a bunch of the early news programs, high school kids everywhere, and I can't get anybody that speaks English at least.

Matthias Miller  34:49
And are those mostly Hispanic, then, or African? African?

Speaker 1  34:55
Yeah. I. Like I said, that's only because of that 114 year old kid from the job fair we had about a month ago and I but I've had 20 phone calls, and I'm like, you can come in for an interview, but like, I haven't worked out with any any of your buddies so far, right? And I'm pretty sure every single one of them are, they work here on a school visa. And the school visa got, like, it ran out, and they didn't have a while. So they're like, oh, gotta get paid cash. I'm like, it's not quite gonna work shoot yourself in the Nail or something. Like,

Matthias Miller  35:39
yeah. So

Unknown Speaker  35:40
exactly,

Matthias Miller  35:55
all right, I'm

Matthias Miller  36:20
yeah, if you, I mean, if you could have it, it sounds to me like, I mean, we're kind of scraping the bottom of the barrel with with hiring, but it seems to me like in some theoretical world, there are people, okay, let's, let's take compensation off the table. There are people out there, somewhere in your area, who are capable and would be motivated at swinging a hammer and getting stuff done. Is that fair? Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  37:01
yeah, I would, I would definitely agree 100%

Matthias Miller  37:05
so do you think, do you think you're Do you have a good sense of what market rate is for compensation, and do you have any sense of where you guys fit in that?

Speaker 1  37:22
I going to say no, only because I have maybe, maybe my sense is wrong, because me, my dad, disagree pretty much, pretty, pretty good on that, because for me, it's anybody who wants to be and anybody who's in the industry of swing and a hammer and carpentry work, it's not hard to go and build houses for more money than you're going to make here. And I think that's kind of where we are lacking on being able to hire, hire good, good employees, I guess because we have a couple employees here that that we take, you know, Very good care of who you know, I grew up with since I was 12 years old. And they do, they do very well, but I still don't think it's what you could be making building houses. And every time I try a carpenter, they like to go at like, building a house base. And that's just not here where we're kind of like a production line type of thing. So it's like, we, you know, just always keep yourself busy. And that's my biggest thing is like, I don't, I don't expect you to light the world on fire. Like, when I started here eight years ago, it was a lot different than it is now. We made it way easier, way less complicated, but I just I can't find any help for $20 an hour starting

Matthias Miller  39:24
what's what would somebody typically get? What would they typically get building a house?

Speaker 1  39:31
I don't, I don't know. I would say, probably, I don't know I I would like to say it's more than that, probably closer to 30. Maybe. I don't know. I'm I don't know. I know that Burger King down the road, you get paid 20 to 50 for starting pay. And here it's $20 so it's like you. You that You gotta find the person that that wants to be in the field, versus just want single flip burgers for $2 more.

Matthias Miller  40:09
Okay, that's that's a helpful comparison.

Matthias Miller  40:19
I A do you think, well, gut instinct? Do you think that 30 Zach or do you think it's actually more like 40?

Speaker 1  40:33
I really, I would say that, that depending on what they were doing, I would say probably closer to 40 but, but it varies on the help level problem. I've seen some, I've seen some, some framing curves, and I'm like, I literally just watched all four of them, you guys smoke crack in that truck before you started building this. Like, what is going on? So yes, and I don't want those guys so they can, they can stay over there, you know what I mean? Right?

Matthias Miller  41:04
Yeah, absolutely. But I would like

Speaker 1  41:07
to think it's more like, like, like, the 40, like, you said, like, I don't think that's unreasonable, but I would have to ask around as some little like, I got friends that build houses and stuff, so I would just have to ask them?

Matthias Miller  41:21
Sure? So I mean, to me, this ends up being a I mean, the easy way to go about it is to run this as a numbers game. So let's say it is 30. Can you realistically, if you, if you take two of your guys now, can you replace them with one good guy and still get the same output?

Unknown Speaker  41:53
No, probably not. Yeah, probably not.

Matthias Miller  41:58
Now you might have less headache after

Speaker 1  42:00
some time, maybe after, you know, a month. Everybody that that I have now has been moving for over a year, other than, other than, we hired an older guy that just stopped, like, wanting to stop doing his his own thing, so he just started. He has a bunch of experience. Doesn't move very fast, but keeps himself busy and understand what we're doing. So we really him, actually, he'll call no show today. But the the other guy, we've had for a year, and then everybody else other than that, has probably been year, excuse me, six to seven years minimum.

Matthias Miller  42:43
Okay, five so, so, how long if you hired is, is there a world in which it hiring that one guy could replace two of them? And it like, how long is that time with that time frame be? Is that hey, three years from now, one month from now? Never?

Speaker 1  43:13
We used to have a what I first started. His name was Mikey, and he had no experience. He final sided, and that was it. And he came in here, and he learned super fast, hustled everywhere, and just really liked getting stuff done. And within two months, he was probably the best guy we had. So it's two to three months for somebody like that, and he could be out producing all of these guys. And it's kind of the same thing with my my right hand man. He was here for four or three months, and then he was already helping me manage and making sure the material was ready, and looking ahead and and that's after he learned how to do everything. So it's, you know, I would say two or three weeks for or two or three months is, is at max for somebody who wants to work and wants to

Matthias Miller  44:21
do I to do that, and and Mikey could replace to the two of the guys that you'd have, or

Speaker 1  44:29
barely still, yeah, yeah, I would say. I would say he could, he could replace the two worst guys in the shop. But for the most part, my my main crew of five guys, they're, they're pretty much up there, I guess, like, like they're, they're not, they're not to that level, but they are. They're. Uh, close enough to where I don't think one guy could produce as much as both of them, if that makes sense. Yes, it does, okay. But I think I think one guy that like, if one of those guys came in, one of those top, you know, four guys that I have. They could help produce the two worst guys within two or three months easily. So I would say, like, two to three months to learn and takes to manufacture one of our buildings. I

Matthias Miller  45:48
Interesting,

Unknown Speaker  45:53
yeah, I would say that's probably yeah three months.

Unknown Speaker  46:10
And that might be reaching a little bit, that might just be,

Speaker 1  46:18
yeah, yeah, no, I think three months is accurate on that, yeah.

Matthias Miller  46:24
I mean, like, like you said, I mean, sounds to me like it's not, you're not well, I mean, you and I know it's not rocket science, but even with your your setup, you're not, yeah, you've worked to simplify. I The

Matthias Miller  46:47
the Okay, so initially it looks like there's not much to gain. The difference may be that getting getting a Mikey might mean that you've got a you get a team, or you're getting a few Mikey's might be that you actually have a team that's responsive to performance bonuses,

Unknown Speaker  47:09
right? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  47:12
and that's probably the big thing, which means you're not pushing them, pushing them all day long. I think

Speaker 1  47:19
maybe Mikey wasn't, I really don't know, because, because anybody that I've had in here that steps up to that level and helps, helps, helps everybody helps, you know, move, move along, and then isn't afraid to do what is needed. I don't think they really care. Like, like Mikey couldn't care about money. He just wanted time off. If I gave him a week off, that would mean more to him than than $1,000 probably.

Matthias Miller  48:00
So alright, so the perfect person is, I mean, I've, I've always, the only way I really ever figured out how to get paid was to use my my brain to help people and like, I'm not the swing of hammer type, like you don't want me in there,

Speaker 1  48:24
but their job, that's it. I said you're not looking for a job. I'm

Matthias Miller  48:28
not looking for that job. Now you're not looking for me either. There. I probably do fine for a couple days, and then be like, help. But, but, but there are people, so there's, there's a few traits that you're looking for. One is, one is you're looking, it's almost like, well, it's, maybe we had to boil everything down. It's like, it's about three things. Number one, first of all, you gotta be very tactile. Like, you gotta love to touch, feel, and be hands on all that stuff. Like, that's a given. Number two, you gotta, you gotta just eat, breathe and sleep getting things done. Like, like, just give me, just tell me what to do, and I'll go do it. Like, I just want to do that. And then number three, which is one of the traits that Mikey had, is like, you want to help people. You want to see other people succeed. And you're, you're driven by, by both getting things done, but also by helping others succeed. And like, this is not the perfect it's not a perfect guarantee for the right person. But like, that's a pretty good blend, if you can find that type of person to show up. So just putting some definition around who's the ideal, who's the ideal guy in shop like or getting clearer on that may be helpful.

Matthias Miller  49:57
And the fundamental problem i. Across the board, of people who really are that type of person is that most of them are not on job boards. They're working for somebody else, which means, at that point you need to find a reason for so Mike is a good example, if you could find that person and you know, they care about paid time off, and for some reason, their employer doesn't like giving them paid time off, they might be willing to take a pay cut. And just know, hey, it's super important for you to fill in the blank, hunting, fishing, whatever the thing choices. And we're willing to make that happen. We can do it with paid time off, and we'll just take it out of your pay, like, like, and, you know, you'll, you'll basically earn the same you just get take extra time, I mean, equivalent pay. We're just giving whatever. Yeah, that makes sense. Like, instead of earning, instead of earning 25 you'll earn 24 but you get, you know, this many weeks off or something, you know, whatever the number could be, and they're like, Oh, great. Like, that's, that's all I wanted. Like, you know,

Matthias Miller  51:14
it's, but it's a little hard for me to quantify what that would end up doing for your shop. I um,

Matthias Miller  51:26
but I would venture to guess that. I mean, it would take some time to move over to that, but I would venture to guess that it'd be a reasonable path to shortening lead times and improving production capacity. How much of your Do you have physical space with your current guys? Are you guys capped out physical with with your physical space for production?

Speaker 1  51:59
No, no, we're not. We're definitely not, but we definitely need no space. It's kind of one of those things like, you know, our shop with a quarter of this size, and as soon as we moved in here, it was already too small. So it's, it's, we have, we have plenty of space, but it's, it's kind of

Speaker 1  52:27
like what I was saying, like earlier, like the the scaling of the business, like he used to do everything, and it was fine, and as we, you know, scale up, and then he wants us to start, pre cutting more stuff and Having more stuff on hand. Like, we don't have the space for that type of stuff, like we definitely could. Could gain two or three, four more people, and then we probably start to get a little crowded, I would say. But it's just it's super hard for me to watch the entire shop train people and do everything else I'm supposed to be doing. But no, I think three, three or four more guys that we could have our shops kind of split into two sides. One side is our framing table, and the other side will be finished. If I can have three guys on the framing table side and five to six guys on the on the finishing side, I think that would be an ideal crew for us in the size we have, okay?

Matthias Miller  53:43
And I missed, I didn't catch what you're saying about bringing, bringing people in, like, Okay, what's, what's the, what's the, there's an interest in doing more pre cutting, so keeping more stuff on hand. Is that what I heard?

Speaker 1  54:00
Yeah. So like when we cut Raptors for a shed, he wants us to cut, you know, two sheds extra, and then store all of those Raptors somewhere, so that when we're go, when we need them, we can just go out there, press them, build our neighbor lines, and then they're ready, or would like the window box, like the window box, are supposed to stay in the shop, but we don't. We don't have anywhere to store more than three or four sheds at a time.

Speaker 1  54:41
So I think, I think we lack space for storage more than space for more employees to work efficient, right, right? And then, and then, you know, we, we pre cut all this stuff, and then it's all over the place and tripping over and nobody wants. So nobody wants to come in on their first day and be tripping over shit that's laying in the middle floor because spot for it to go or lean up against, you know, one of the shelves and you have to fight through four window box to grab a rack of nails or something like that. Like, right?

Matthias Miller  55:14
No, it's Yeah, yeah, you're right. Okay.

Matthias Miller  55:40
Yeah, I mean, I think it's a very, it's a very basic, the minimum, like place to start would be, that's

Matthias Miller  55:55
interesting. I mean, it's even, even a bit hard to get a good feel for what current production, I don't know really, if you really want to track how much he might be able to pull it out on the QuickBooks and produce buildings divided by payroll, but to Look at productivity of the production team over time. But

Speaker 1  56:23
like so we can have a week where we we absolutely kill it every everybody's firing at all cylinder we're doing great. But then, like this week, me and two of my guys were out all day yesterday, doing pretty fast. So we built it on site. We couldn't get it in today, I took, I either sent everybody home, well, sent, I said, one guy called out, I sent one guy home, and then I took three of the other guys and we went and we built that gazebo up there, and then tomorrow I have to take two guys and go move that gazebo tomorrow. So that's already three days this week that we haven't produced. I mean, did it squat? We really, this week is going to be rough, and those Thursday and Friday in the shop, it's going to be, you know, like a like, a Monday and a Tuesday where we're kind of, we got to prep. We got to make sure we have everything. You know, if somebody forgets to have some sheathing and then, like, that'll slow us down, where, usually Monday to usually Monday, just Monday during the, you know, we can get in everybody's, you know, a freshman movie, I can go over everything, make sure everybody has everything. Make sure everything's ready to go over the weekend, then do that versus Thursday and Friday. We're gonna basically start on in the shop. So

Matthias Miller  57:53
making simple adjustment of doing on sites, any on sites, Thursday or Friday towards the end of the week, you know, Friday, if you I mean, like basically trying to work backwards from the end of the week on your on sites, seems like that could have a fairly substantial impact on your output.

Unknown Speaker  58:07
Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I

Matthias Miller  58:26
Okay, I'm all right, that's, that's, that's very helpful. I don't know that I've got any, any, any other questions outside my top my head. It's, to me, it's a very interesting question

Matthias Miller  59:11
to to see whether there's a world where we could have a bunch of a bunch of Mikey's in production, and it wouldn't even take a bunch of Mikey's, like even just Having one Mikey in production that can keep the train train on the tracks when you're not there, would add tremendous value.

Speaker 1  59:26
All right, so the guy that helps me the most, he he's really good at, you know, kind of really good at his job. Like, he's a smart, smart guy. He's really good at figuring stuff out and building our custom doors and making sure everything that he needs to do is done. Like really, really good at that. He can stay busy, work, produce, but he can't. And fucking need a horse to water he can he like, I wouldn't be like, hey dude. Like, stop doing this garage door. I have to leave to go and do you know whatever it is, and he'll literally leave the shed, stop working on the garage door. Kind of check in on everybody real quick, and then we'll go back into the shed and build the garage door. The only reason I'm saying this is we built a shed that only had a garage door, and I left that. I told him that he needed to work with these guys. And instead, he built the garage door and trapped himself in there until the door was finished. For like, four hours, was just trapped inside the shed, doing a garage door. And these guys were just running around, why? And I'm like, I get back, and I'm like, where is he? They're like, I don't know, four hours. And I'm like, Well, wait. And then I'm like, Oh, he's trapped in that shed, doing that garage door. So it's done like that, but yes, if I think that would be the most beneficial to me, to allow me to do all the other stuff that I'm expected to do. And, you know, sometimes crop cracks and stuff, isn't it? I had somebody in here that could quality control and set a pace those, those are the, are the two biggest things that I do and takes up the most of my time, because it takes up, you know, from 730 to 435 o'clock, Monday through Friday. That's, that's all I'm doing, is trying to set a pace and make sure we get as much quality work done as possible. Yeah. So, yeah, no, I definitely agree with with with that.

Matthias Miller  1:01:54
But those guys are hard to find, so yes, understand, well, it's it's not, it's not clear that's possible. But, I mean, I think it's very clear that's it's probably not easily done, given the criteria that we have right now. But can you make it work? From a business standpoint, if you change things around, where do you find them? Would you pay them? What? What's in it for them? And it doesn't. There's no guarantee that there's a path that works, but if you don't play around with some of those variables, you're kind of stuck. Just that's what you got,

Speaker 1  1:02:30
right, right? If you don't change anything, nothing changes. So,

Matthias Miller  1:02:33
yep, totally, right. All right. Good. Anything else your opinion?

Speaker 1  1:02:39
Oh, I don't, I don't think so. I don't, nothing, really, I'm good.

Matthias Miller  1:02:48
Sounds good? I appreciate your input. Appreciate the time. Yeah, yeah, that'd be great. Yep.

Speaker 2  1:03:22
I'm Hello,

Unknown Speaker  1:03:35
hello, hello.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:38
How was that

Matthias Miller  1:03:41
very interesting. I shared with him an idea on incentive program. If there's a way to come up with a target production off of our worked in the shop can help compensate for some of the on site types of types of stuff, but that's that's getting pretty deep in the weeds. There's other, you know, taking a giant step back. It's very much the question you actually get. It's the question of pay. Pay less for for people, you got to stay on, stay on top of, make sure they keep moving. Versus, is there a world like, is this literally what's available in the job market? And I've got some friends who are the manufacturing the car parts. Manufacturing has very similar experiences. But or is this a place where there could be, there could be slight compensation shifts, and we could actually get, if we would just get one single, highly. Motivated, self starter, guy who can, who knows what he's doing, and can bring other people along. It would it, would make it, would make chances job substantially easier, and will help with Jia Ling. So it's probably, probably the short version. Short version,

Matthias Miller  1:05:30
good, well, I think, I think I got what I what I needed out of today. Is there anything else, your standpoint that we should, we should cover, I

Speaker 2  1:05:50
don't think so. I feel accomplished, like, like, I feel like we've put it all out there. Yes, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:06:03
Okay, good, well tomorrow, then see mean biggest, biggest conversation that I haven't had is with Mike. Aaron, you mentioned maybe having a conversation with but a bunch of question marks.

Speaker 2  1:06:34
Yeah, so that had question marks because I really think that

Speaker 2  1:06:47
chance has more of a handle over over the shop like Hodges or Aaron is supposed to kind of be his right hand man, and it doesn't really,

Matthias Miller  1:07:06
no, he, he should the, you know? I mean, he shared a very simple story that I think illustrates it very clearly, like, independent likes to get stuff done, but can't really bring people along, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:07:21
Yeah, it's cold. Cool.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:26
Did you hang up? He He said he did

Unknown Speaker  1:07:28
college, okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:07:32
yeah, yeah, no, I would agree with that.

Matthias Miller  1:07:41
Yeah. All right. I mean, so here's, here's my proposal would probably be to we can pick it up again. Would, would might be available at like a 10 Eastern tomorrow, yeah, yeah, he said he

Speaker 2  1:08:03
would be and there's no deliveries on for tomorrow. There's no on site jobs. Riley telling you she never leaves, but Yeah, Mike will be around all day tomorrow. He just went to handle a tenant in sandish, and then he had, he met with the property developer people, and he's here all day tomorrow. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:08:30
let's, let's kick it off at 10. We'll have the the two demos tomorrow. Let me see. Let me see quick while we're here, whether the Hi,

Unknown Speaker  1:08:41
I the move.

Matthias Miller  1:08:47
All right, Alex's schedules full tomorrow, so I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:08:53
sorry. Is this quick? It's okay. Okay,

Speaker 2  1:09:08
the power and standard sheet be kind off. Okay, sorry,

Matthias Miller  1:09:11
all right, we'll be able to do two of the demos tomorrow. Circle up a little bit, and we may just need to plan on next which be available next Wednesday. We're the call with a shit app if we bump it out until then, yeah, yeah, yeah, and might just have to kind of end up splitting the day a bit. Yeah, that's fine next week. So,

Speaker 2  1:09:34
yeah, yeah, whatever works. Cool. So I'll plan on tomorrow at 10, and Mike will be here too.

Matthias Miller  1:09:39
Okay, sounds good. See you. Then good night. Thanks. You too, yep, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai