Speaker 1  00:01
For an interesting thoughts from the from, from the Old Testament stuff going through Deuteronomy right

Speaker 1  00:08
now, and it's interesting that what happens when you look at some of these commands through the lens of it's good for you to follow these commands,

Speaker 1  00:20
because it forces you to raise the question, but why is it good for you to follow His commands, for example, and this is the one I've been processing is the command that you should have no other gods before you.

Speaker 1  00:31
So that's actually something that is good for you to follow. And I, you know, I used to look at that just as well, of course, it's the right thing to do, because God is God. So you should but but there's also a personal benefit for it. And, and when I started asking that question, I suddenly I realized that the reason why is

Speaker 1  00:51
Okay, so, so look at the impact that it has on you, when you follow a say, the sun or the moon, or, you know, a rock God or something like that. Yeah, because it disappears you because you put your faith in something that isn't faithful, so you anticipate and outcome or a result you pray for rain and it doesn't come in and it's not a fruitful faith. And again, it actually ends up disempowering

Unknown Speaker  01:21
you.

Speaker 1  01:22
And it's kind of like the same thing that we're talking about with kids and keeping promises and stuff like that is that these gods don't keep their promises. So you don't believe that the world that you live it actually has certainty and because it doesn't have certainty, there's no reason to have attention now there's a there's another reason is, is because some of these gods are beyond just

Speaker 1  01:43
you know, dead things but they're actually demonic. And and so imagine what happens when you take this same kind of thing where you put your faith in something and not only is it like neutral as it it doesn't do anything but but it actually has a negative influence on it. So how twisted does your world become when you put your faith into something and and not only does it come to true come to pass but you're you encountered is are you experienced destruction because of putting your faith in that and and again, how are you supposed to move ahead with certainty in life unless it and live with intention and then become the powerful person that that the Lord talks about becoming elsewhere that being proactive when you when you cannot reliably predict the

Unknown Speaker  02:37
the outcome of

Unknown Speaker  02:37
your faith

Speaker 1  02:40
and it's really interesting that God repeatedly talks about himself about being faithful about his steadfast love that he is he is a guy who hears he makes promises when you when you do this, and when you put it put your faith in Him you will be blessed and I think part of it is I mean there certainly there's this there's a supernatural blessing that comes but part of it is is when you put your into a faithful God you you live from a place of empowerment and hope that you cannot get anywhere else.

Unknown Speaker  03:13
So

Unknown Speaker  03:14
anyway, just a random thoughts that you'd enjoy.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai