Unknown Speaker  01:16
Hey, morning, can you hear

Matthias Miller  01:18
me? I can hear you. I'm sure

Unknown Speaker  01:20
if my mic was turned on and going

Matthias Miller  01:25
up, yes, it is. How are you this morning?

Unknown Speaker  01:28
I'm doing alright,

Unknown Speaker  01:30
good. I

Matthias Miller  01:34
started running in the morning with my oldest son, and my morning got away from me a little bit.

Matthias Miller  01:38
all right, and then let me go ahead and add you to the account as well. I'm. me a little bit. So, not a big deal. It don't affect me at all. good, good, all. as Rich had a chance to talk with you about what's going on, yes and no, about a five minute conversation on the subject of CRM So, fair enough. So bottom line, I'm going to be helping you on CRM implementation, kind of guiding the way, and I'm going to need you to do a bunch of the heavy lifting and, well, there's not, there's not that much heavy lifting. I don't think because guys, it's not like you guys are migrating from somewhere else, yeah, but I'll so that's the bottom line, and I'll help, I'll help steer the process and answer questions and make sure you don't get lost. Feel free to text you. My arrangement with Rich is, if you, if you're stuck on anything, you can text and except for me being out next week, in the following week, apart from that, I'll set up a call within a within a business day, soon as I can or text back a response, whatever I can do to keep keep things moving forward so that can get it done. So I'm going to go ahead and I'm see if I can find, get this account set up, get you access, and we'll talk through, talk through a little bit of the project plan and stuff like that. I'm Is there a Do you know what their Google listing is in Hillsville? Hillsville? Yeah, that's probably where the main address would be, or do they have one? Even the main address would be in with Bill. That's the main I'm sorry, that's what I'm thinking. Premier building solution, perfect. All right, I am going to, I rich in here I'm Here, let's because I'm at PBS metal. Is that right now? That's not your Is that yours? That's it, yep. Okay,

Speaker 1  01:39
So, right, not a big deal. It don't affect me at all.

Matthias Miller  05:26
you got admin, everything, all right, so are you familiar with go high level at all? I'm sorry, familiar with what go high level the the CRM. No, have

Speaker 1  05:43
not looked I have messed around with the CRM for about two months and couldn't make any progress with it. And bridge said, shut it down, because we're getting something else. So

Matthias Miller  05:54
let me go ahead and Alright, so I'll just do a quick walkthrough of what we got. Got custom dashboards. We don't have anything in the system, but useful for Dash awards around call activity and different things like that. We need to talk about how phones are going to work, but everything, all conversations within, within within here, all conversations are within the CRM so you can, you have kind of a texting view here, here, let me just do this. I'm going to walk you through CSCs. You can see there's, doesn't matter, and we're gonna go log in as Eric.

Unknown Speaker  06:48
Eric's quite the guy, that's for sure.

Matthias Miller  06:50
He is quite the guy. He was pretty hard on himself until, until his recent few weeks. So you have a little texting view. Here you can shoot SMS. It has WhatsApp integration, but that's more for international than here. You also can put in internal comments, and so that'll just show up in the thread here. If you want notes that are kind of that are more in line, easy to see. Go call from here. I mean, you know, I don't know, pretty you can they don't want to be contacted. There's DND here to turn that off. You can also start conversations, which is a pretty useful way to it's probably not the best way, but can be useful way to if you're in the middle of something quick starts, you can come back to it and make sure it doesn't get lost. Calendaring. I don't think we're at the point where we're I think we got bigger fish to fry than trying to get people to set calendar appointments. So I don't think you have to worry about that contacts then. So here's here's contact coming in, and there's some shit app integrations. Here you can see all of the shutout quotes, and then you also see the latest a link to the latest opportunity, which you can also click over here. We'll get to more on the opportunity. But this is just the contact. You can see all communication with the contact. You guys turn a turn on call transcription. You can get call transcriptions for voicemails and phone calls. Okay, so basically, basically, I'm gonna grow some water, I can keep talking. But so basically you have a contact, which is a person, and then an opportunity is a building they want to buy. Typically, the way that we've done it is if they have three different buildings. Well, if they want to, if they want to buy a straight multiple then you might just run a single opportunity and then process all the orders, all of them, when you get get through, if they went through if they went through different styles. Typically, we just have different opportunities for each one and so on an opportunity. Let's pull one where there's a quote this. This gets pulled in from shed app. It's got most of this information. Some of this information isn't populated until, Oh, this one doesn't look very well filled, like it'll pull in. Delivery address and some stuff like that. It'll pull in a delivery map, which shows how far it is from there for mileage, and then as soon as you and then as it gets as it goes through the process in shed app, so you got same quote. Follow up, second, follow up, third, follow up, pending sale. And then as soon as it's as soon as the sign goes into sold one and then automatically moves into production and

Unknown Speaker  10:39
close final.

Matthias Miller  10:44
One of the main things to note on these, if you've ever used HubSpot, well, some, some CRMs will have a pipeline like this, and the a certain stage closed final means that you won or lost the sale. High level has that separate where you can have it in any stage and then have it be open, lost one or abandoned. So okay, so the Shut up integration. As soon as it's one, it'll mark it as closed one, and then it'll move the stage through the process as as the building gets processed and built, delivered, payment collected, etc, um. You can see the opportunity owner as well. I don't know there are tasks you can associate with, with the with the contact, or, sorry, with the opportunity. It actually gets tied to the contact. It's a little weird. But task for follow up things like that, notes to throw notes in.

Matthias Miller  11:49
And there's also a task view that we'll get to AI agents, this is not something we're going to be doing in the next four to six weeks, but we could take a look at doing at least one round of automatic text reply when leads Come in different things like that. Marketing we got emails, and I'll walk you through with that. Oh, we don't. You guys don't really have any kind of, I don't think we're going to do anything with this in the next four to six weeks, but long term, it would be good to come up with a drip sequence we could run etc

Unknown Speaker  12:46
snippets.

Matthias Miller  12:50
I mean, these are all Eric's, but I know there was one of the good ones we used, and another company was somebody's unresponsive we saw say, Hey, your name came across across my desk, and why? And I was wondering if it was a mistake, something like that. And people be like, No, it wasn't a mistake. Okay. Well, what did you want? So you can have a little shorthand for stuff like that, or or another one that worked well too, was basically, hey, you're super busy. Can you let me know what's going on? A, got it somewhere else. B, not doing it. C, just need some more time. Or, or, or. B needs some more time. And, D, hey, can we talk now? Something like that? I Yeah, so you can use these. Then for in, in here, you just put in. You just search the what.

Matthias Miller  14:02
Yeah, well, oh, it's maybe that's in a different pipeline. I'm not sure. Countdown timers, you don't need trigger links. Don't really need where this would be really cool is if you would have a QR code with a trigger link on the on the buildings, on lot where somebody scans, scans a QR code, well, actually wouldn't even have to be that. It would be a, I think, through how it would all have to tie together. I'm not sure we have the functionality. But the cool thing would be, if it, if it pops up something basically say, hey, where can we text you the link to the building specs or whatever, and then you get their contact info, and you get a little bit of marketing data, who's walking along? Lot right

Speaker 1  15:04
after hours and weekends type of thing, yep.

Matthias Miller  15:14
But even if you didn't, even if you had a a QR code with a trigger link, and you didn't get their info, at least, then you'd know, you get a little bit of a feel of, hey, somebody was here looking at this. Somebody there were four people here over the weekend, or one person looking at four buildings, or whatever. Okay, automation. This is the workflow.

Unknown Speaker  15:42
So like,

Matthias Miller  15:45
this is just an example of the round robin workflow when a contact gets tagged as TSA, which is a shutout contact, then we will, I and

Matthias Miller  16:05
it hasn't already been auto created by one of these. And we'll say, Hey, this is auto created by TSA.

Unknown Speaker  16:17
Let's see. I

Matthias Miller  16:23
if any of these auto created tags get applied, then we do a round robin between Well, right now it's Eric, so that's that's real interesting. But for you guys, will have a I don't know exactly how we'll do it. Can we do it by zip code as far as lead assignment?

Speaker 1  16:49
So lead assignment is probably going to be right now. It's going to be run about three guys, myself and two others, and based off of store location. Preferably, I don't know if you can do it by zip code area, or we don't usually collect zip code information from a customer, though, so they usually go by store,

Matthias Miller  17:19
um, oh, by shed, App Store,

Unknown Speaker  17:21
Yeah, shut up store.

Matthias Miller  17:24
We we can. We're not pulling that in right now, but we, we could, yeah, we could assign it by Yeah.

Speaker 1  17:32
It's not always accurate either, because right now what's happening is, well, you know how it's happening. It ends up in Richard, once he gets to it, he sends it, and it depends on which, if it's close to one of the other stores, we'll send it to those dealers. If it's out of the area, then that is classified as a strict online lead, and that gets sent to

Matthias Miller  17:57
me. Okay, so let me do, I don't know how

Speaker 1  18:02
that's going to work, because we don't collect zip code. Okay, we do. We do collect zip code if it's through our website, if the lead is generated in shed at TSA, lead directly, then it, then it is assigned to the store, and that sales person gets automatically.

Matthias Miller  18:22
So, well, I mean, rich wouldn't have a way to know if it doesn't have a zip code.

Speaker 1  18:25
So, right? But if it's, if it's then that's if it's a TSA lead, if the customer goes on the website and right their own quote, and sure, NTSA, if it's a request for a quote, they haven't 3d built it themselves or right, then it's required to have a zip code with it.

Matthias Miller  18:43
Okay, so let me All right, Let's do this and CRM implementation. I'm

Unknown Speaker  19:33
all right, these I'm

Unknown Speaker  19:49
all right, this is a I'm.

Matthias Miller  20:09
Share this with you over Okay, so, so This is I'm just gonna throw some I'm

Matthias Miller  20:56
let's do this. There's a zip code, and it's within the sales area of one of the stores. Send it to that salesperson if there is a if

Matthias Miller  21:20
I'm assuming there are people outside of you three who are using shit app but aren't going to be into CRM

Speaker 1  21:52
or No, yeah, yeah. So there's actually going to be all right. Hold on. Let me think this through. 123, there's actually gonna be four people that are going to get the CRM for the shed at use. But then we have wholesale consignment locations like that. Some of our consignment killers are online leads, or our online stores in the shed at but they will not get any of our leads because we want to make more money, right?

Matthias Miller  22:30
Can you differentiate between do? Do they use the shed app at all. I'm sorry. Can you the sorry? Did you say it was wholesalers?

Speaker 1  22:46
Wholesalers do not use the shed app currently, consignment dealers,

Matthias Miller  22:49
consignment dealers, so we need to differentiate between a consignment dealer. How do you know whether somebody's working with a consignment dealer? And just went online to fill out a form because they're working with a form because they're working with the consignment

Unknown Speaker  23:02
dealer and they want to buy something

Matthias Miller  23:06
we don't. Would you just take the lead anyway? Yeah, okay, so

Speaker 1  23:12
that's all that we may, we may end up changing some of that. What's your recommendation on that?

Unknown Speaker  23:18
I Right. That goes right

Speaker 1  23:21
now, the way Shut up works if the if the customer goes on and creates an a quote or order on their own with no salesperson, and leaves it in as a quote, that that store will receive an email with that lead. And so consignment dealers are still getting those online leads. I think we're going to think the plan is to take that away from them, and that may be just a setting that gets changed in NTSA to not have orders be emailed directly to the store, to the Store account. Yeah. We'll look at that and see what we've come up with. It may come down to the fact of just removing consignment dealers from the online store category in Shut

Matthias Miller  24:13
up, except that they need to create their own quotes. I think it means probably telling a shit app that when you get an online lead, never assign it to a

Speaker 1  24:23
right, yeah, I think somewhere for that. Sure.

Unknown Speaker  24:28
Okay, so,

Matthias Miller  24:41
okay, so if there's a zip code and it's within one of the sales area of the store, well, sorry if, if this customer exists and is already assigned to a sales person, send it there. If there's a zip code and it's within the sales every one of the one of the um. Um, I'm going to call them sales stores. Send it to that sales person. There's a zip code and it's not within the sales area of one of the stores. Send it to Joel. If there's no sales person,

Matthias Miller  25:15
there's there is no zip code, and it's for one of the sales. Sales stores, send it to that salesperson. If there is no salesperson.

Matthias Miller  25:35
Well, no, this is i

Matthias Miller  25:49
It will already handle it when

Speaker 1  25:52
So, yes, and I'm assuming this is this is also including our online leads from our our website that are quote requests and not actual built into TSA. Correct?

Unknown Speaker  26:08
Yes, I

Matthias Miller  26:44
Okay, I think this is pretty straightforward. The main thing that we'll need is i

Matthias Miller  27:11
All right, so, I mean, I can, I could walk you through most of this stuff. We can do it on on some of our calls. We're gonna, I like to do kind of weekly project checking calls just to make sure we're on track and see where things are at and see if there's anything I can do. There is a form builder. One of the things that we'll need to do is build out the forms. Let me make sure this is it. Is it, and we can, but it's as simple as putting together something like this. That's pretty straightforward to build. I mean, if you've used some kind of form builder before, but

Unknown Speaker  28:10
where do those forms end up?

Matthias Miller  28:13
So those forms, then that's like the requested quote form on the website,

Speaker 1  28:21
PB, what's the structures dot biz for the website. Thank you. Right now they have a request quote on there.

Matthias Miller  28:39
Okay, this one's coming in through. I

Matthias Miller  28:53
mean, it looks to me like a WordPress plugin.

Unknown Speaker  28:59
I think so

Unknown Speaker  29:02
great. Gravity Forms, yeah. So

Matthias Miller  29:07
basically, we'll just need to take this whole thing and rebuild it.

Speaker 1  29:17
I was planning on rebuilding that anyways. But if we're going to do it through our new through our CRM, that's even better.

Matthias Miller  29:25
Yep, and then all the information will get pushed into the push into CRM. We do round robin catalog download here. Let's make some list of forms. So it's the well, actually, really, what we should do is review WordPress for all Gravity Forms and recreate and so we have. Of

Matthias Miller  30:06
but specifically it's the ones I'm seeing are these animal shelters, catalog, download I'm

Speaker 1  30:33
um, we're also starting The pole barn thing. But that doesn't get flowed through shed app, and that does not that ends up with two different sales people, I don't know if rich, talk to you about that. All that says nothing to do with me or sheds at all. I won't, I won't touch that at all, but that will be part of the website. Okay?

Matthias Miller  30:58
I mean once. I mean that just means here,

Speaker 1  31:06
and see, I don't, I think Rich wanted me to get this set up, get familiar with this CRM, and then basically training a couple other guys on this thing. So that's going to be that's you're talking about five, six months down the road, like that.

Matthias Miller  31:25
All right. I mean, contact us is another one. All right, so, all right, well, we'll keep rolling that's forms is the main thing you do there is a chat widget which CSC uses, and basically it just pops it. You put in your information and get a mess and in your question, and it pops up like a text, and you can just text the customer back So, and that's pretty easy to that's pretty easy to Set up. You just

Unknown Speaker  32:18
chat prompt style,

Matthias Miller  32:21
and then where do you want it? What does the window look like? And what's the acknowledgement? And you get the code, and you just drop this in the body or footer section of the website somewhere. I'm Yeah, all right, so that's that media storage. There's file storage here for different uploads and other things like that, which you can

Matthias Miller  32:59
reputation management, replying to Google reviews, things like that, review requests, I would highly encourage some automation of some kind, some some review collection process

Unknown Speaker  33:15
at some point,

Matthias Miller  33:18
Bucha customer reports, Google and Facebook ads report we're not using. Call Reports might be the most interesting at marketplace we're not using. And then there's a bunch of custom links.

Matthias Miller  33:37
Then we also have under contacts. This is a weird place, but under contacts, there's a tasks, and this is where you see all of your tasks,

Unknown Speaker  33:46
for all of your leads. So you can just,

Matthias Miller  33:55
it's a little janky, but I'm working. I'm hoping, hoping to find time in the next it's probably going to be it's been too long, but in the next month or so, to make things a little bit more streamlined, so that you can see color coded on the opportunities, which ones are overdue or Which ones are require follow up today at least. I um on

Matthias Miller  34:34
the opportunities as well. Here's the pipelines. They have separate pipelines, and I think, I don't think they're actually using the pole barn pipeline, because it's just that could be wrong. I think it's just easier. It's been easier for Eric just to use a single, a single pipeline for everything.

Speaker 1  34:53
He's the only sales person. I understand that where we're going to have a sales team for Paul Barnes and sales team. Shed that's for your two to pipeline

Matthias Miller  35:02
Sure, yes, exactly. And where it's completely separate teams and you don't have people selling across boundaries, makes it super easy. And I would Yes, in that case, I would definitely encourage you separate ones. All right, we go into settings. I

Matthias Miller  35:29
uh, I think what's my staff. This is where you'd set up the users. When you set up the users, I would encourage you, we can look over the permissions, but there's a whole bunch of stuff they don't need, so let's not give them AI tools and calendars and other types of things that are Just going to confuse

Unknown Speaker  35:58
them. Let's see

Matthias Miller  36:01
conversation AI, we're not going to get that in the next little bit, but you can put in a knowledge base for AI, agents, email services. You don't need too much phone numbers. That's definitely something we need to get to. You can add custom fields to opportunities in contacts, and you do that through custom fields here, if you wanted to track something like, I don't know What,

Speaker 2  36:35
what are some of them that are not I your

Matthias Miller  36:47
forms will come in as custom fields.

Matthias Miller  36:59
There's lead scoring. Take some work to implement it. Take some thought, but basically, I think, I think there might be, I was talking through with another client, there's a way that we could probably set up some kind of lead decay. So if there's some activity to fill out a form at certain number of points, they reply, etc, and then every week, you deduct from their engagement score, in some kind of kind of way, but it can be used to track lead lead activity tags. We get into contact tagging, but tagging is easy way to categorize. Leads can also be great to either contacts or opportunities. Can be great for automation. I don't know the biggest thing here is phone numbers.

Unknown Speaker  37:54
So I

Unknown Speaker  38:03
we have

Matthias Miller  38:10
the question is, how do you guys want to handle the phone? That's the question. CSC is doing all their calling through go high level. It means calls are recorded. There's work they're doing work for call transfers. We do everything within the CRM, no bouncing back and forth. I think all things being equal, it's i It's the path I would recommend if you have sales people who and they have a mobile app as well for calling.

Speaker 1  38:48
So the way our calls are handled now is, we use uma office, okay, and then all calls are recorded on that and each location, it's not it's not currently set up quite yet with every sales location. But for me down here, I have an extension. You call them to the main number. You can either type in my extension, or you can request this location. It transfers to my extension, which has its own cell phone number. I have an app on my phone that you can text with. You can call out of that app if it calls inbound, it, it, I have it set up to forward directly to my personal cell so that I use cellular data rather than VoIP, because a lot of times I'm outside the office or out in the back one of the sales line on it, you know, tries to connect to Wi Fi and then back and forth, that type of thing. So the biggest thing that I see with with doing the calls through high level is there has to be a way for it to call a cell phone when the sales person is outside. Because. Is our sales people are responsible for maintenance on the lot, so spraying the weeds, cleaning up the buildings, things like that, so we have to be able to reach them outside of just sitting at a desk. So

Unknown Speaker  40:19
let's go to pick on Jesse.

Matthias Miller  40:28
We can do, we can do call forwarding, call connect. So I actually have it set up that way, where I um, like, if somebody calls me, if somebody calls me, it'll ring through to my personal cell. I don't pass you can control whether, which caller ID you see, I use, I use my, my VoIP caller ID, so they know. You can tell at a glance, hey, it's VoIP. It's got a answer, and it has a whisper mess, well, a call connect feature, which, which basically says, When I pick it up, I have to press a key to accept the call, and you can also turn on a whisper message if you want to.

Matthias Miller  41:35
So that part would work. Transfers are not working well right now. They, from what I understand, they're making changes to that by the end of the month, and they promise that, or they're fixing a whole bunch of phone related stuff this month. So I'm hoping that by the end of the month that'll be that'll be substantially better. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  42:05
uh, the advantage, the advantage is that you then have one number that you're calling and texting from all the time,

Unknown Speaker  42:14
right, right? And that's, that's what we want to do now. So you said high level has an app for your phone.

Unknown Speaker  42:24
Is that correct? Right? That is correct,

Unknown Speaker  42:28
and that would be where you can return calls from your cell phone.

Matthias Miller  42:33
Actually, here's the problem. I don't know if you can. I don't know if you return calls. I know inbound calls you can

Unknown Speaker  42:50
because if inbound

Matthias Miller  42:51
calls, you can forward, but I'm not sure about outbound calls.

Speaker 1  42:56
See, with the with the way we have it now, with that app, I have a call record. It's basically a second phone on that phone. Yes, I can call from there, which I do. The majority of my phone conversations are through my cellphone, rather than using my PC or whatever. And it's going to be, it almost has to be that way, because if, well for me, because if I'm out driving around or on vacation or whatever it be, I'm going to need to be able to get back in contact with that customer, if it's something that needs taken care of right away, and I don't want to give out my personal self for that,

Speaker 1  43:54
which, if their app would allow you to call, Then you could do it that way. Because right now, the app, the app we use, will, will establish the call, use your cell phone, but show the caller ID as Your

Matthias Miller  44:12
work. Yep, let me. Let me see if I

Matthias Miller  44:58
I see we can find this.

Unknown Speaker  45:06
I Can I'm

Unknown Speaker  46:51
okay? Well, that's a fortune. I

Matthias Miller  46:58
don't know that we've got okay so,

Matthias Miller  47:10
let me see if there's a i

Unknown Speaker  47:26
I guess, why not see it?

Matthias Miller  47:30
We could, potentially, i

Matthias Miller  48:04
All right, let's think through a few options. Option one, just stay with Uma. It means that you basically just don't use a CRM for any calling

Unknown Speaker  48:29
or texting, and then you notes over to the lead,

Unknown Speaker  48:35
correct, right,

Matthias Miller  48:40
option two, we do some uma integration and push call history into into high

Unknown Speaker  48:49
level.

Matthias Miller  48:53
Option three, use the UMA phone number is a caller ID, so you can call out of high level if you want to have separate numbers for texting. So you can text if you want to, but now you have two numbers, two systems that you're jumping back and forth. But at least, Can you text from uma Right now you can right? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  49:33
option four, I

Unknown Speaker  50:05
So,

Speaker 1  50:10
so when you call right now and in in your the way you have it set up, how did you make a call to customer

Unknown Speaker  50:18
you

Matthias Miller  50:21
on the phone or in the Well, either way. So I mean, on the phone, you just call them with your personal sound. That's the number, No, you go call the you have an app that looks like a phone. You find them and you

Unknown Speaker  50:38
like, tap and call,

Unknown Speaker  50:42
um, all okay.

Matthias Miller  50:47
In the app, you just click the number here, or go in, hit the number here, or go up here and and and search by contact who you want to call, and you call them. It connects through your

Speaker 1  51:06
computer, your computer, okay, on your phone. The app you just showed me is, I wonder if that's not very similar to what we're using now. It's

Matthias Miller  51:16
very similar, but it doesn't have the, have the capacity. It doesn't have, currently have the capacity to forward it to a forward

Matthias Miller  51:26
it via the cell network. That's the limitation.

Unknown Speaker  51:29
It's only VoIP

Unknown Speaker  51:31
yes

Matthias Miller  51:34
from for outbound calls. Okay, so now I did wonder if there's a way.

Matthias Miller  51:48
I don't know this is a little bit of a stretch, but

Unknown Speaker  51:51
here, let's do this. I

Unknown Speaker  52:05
mirror I'm

Matthias Miller  52:24
I think this is probably not true. You can maybe do,

Matthias Miller  52:33
okay, well, let me do an IVR trigger. Let me do I'll do it on my account automation. Or one of these, it's probably not doing anything I

Matthias Miller  53:29
cool? Is it just you, or does everybody need this? Well,

Unknown Speaker  53:33
that's what I'm trying to figure out, because I think we can make it work with the OIP?

Matthias Miller  53:44
Well, there's a world, if it's just for you, you can set up a workflow like this. Okay, let's do could be something like this. You have a trigger.

Unknown Speaker  54:04
Okay, start over. I'm

Unknown Speaker  54:23
I

Matthias Miller  54:36
give a call now tag soon as you do a call now, then you do a call log a call you don't need a whisper message, and then immediate and then you could actually immediately remove tag call. Now you do something as simple as that. Is so you pull up the contact

Unknown Speaker  55:14
here,

Matthias Miller  55:21
so you would, you would find the contact here. You would hit the tag up here, and then you hit the call now tag and save the contact. And hit save. Boom. It would trigger this automation take the tag back off so you can use it again next time. It again next time and initial initiate the call.

Matthias Miller  55:54
The main thing is that the as long as the user is assigned,

Matthias Miller  56:11
as long as it's because the contacts assigned to The right person, right

Speaker 1  56:21
trying to think good. The biggest issue we have with with the VoIP stuff is, if you're in an area where you have fairly low internet service, then it doesn't seem to work very well. It's long, it's very choppy. I be but I'm thinking most of the places that I'm going to be at for outside of office work, I'm not I think I'll be fine. And I think everybody else, all the other dealers, all the other people that are going to be using this, they have fiber that they can Wi Fi to make that outbound call. I really don't think that that's something that we need to worry about. Okay, grounded, if it if it becomes an issue, then we'll address it.

Matthias Miller  57:22
I think, I think we have a moderately acceptable workaround. I don't want other dealers to mess with this, because they're going to pull their hair out if they have to do this. They're just like, This is dumb. But for you, something like this, and you can even put in a condition if the contacts assigned to, and we just do another condition,

Unknown Speaker  57:46
if else the the

Matthias Miller  57:51
owner assigned user includes you, then and we only do it for your contacts, so that nobody else accidentally runs it like, you know, it's a little backdoor hack. Is it weird? Yeah, a little bit. Does it give you an out? Yeah, weird work. Sometimes. Weird work, sometimes. All right, good. Well, if you're okay, so then that means, then that we are on the porting.

Speaker 1  58:25
Okay, so can you tell me how you want, how it's gonna work best for you right now we have, my office has a landline, okay, from some phone company in the area here, I also well, for my, for my, what I use as my primary number down here. Now, okay, the one location has a completely different phone service. Has nothing with uma or no cell phone whatsoever, and we're working on setting that up. Now, the I the there's two locations like that. There's nothing. Is it going to be best for us to port everything into uma and leave it there and then we just or, how does it work? Does uma go away for the dealers? I dollars.

Matthias Miller  59:23
Well, what's the cons? I mean all things again, all things being equal. But I don't know if this is right thing, all things being equal.

Matthias Miller  59:36
Having a well, do you have any dealers who are very gung ho about a specific type of having a desk phone, for example.

Unknown Speaker  59:50
No, okay, maybe one. So that's

Matthias Miller  59:56
something to make sure beforehand that we don't, I don't know. I. Uh, making sure that we can make that change.

Matthias Miller  1:00:10
It's gonna what is, how's that? Just

Speaker 1  1:00:13
thinking in my head, this is going to be quite interesting to get the one sales lock switched over to this. They're going to be my last salesperson to switch. I can promise you that, because I don't want to deal with them

Matthias Miller  1:00:29
well. So what are the obstacles there?

Unknown Speaker  1:00:32
Age and stubbornness,

Matthias Miller  1:00:37
all right? Well,

Speaker 1  1:00:41
trying to think through the whole process. So, so if all right, so for my for my location here, do we port that number out of our uma account into high level? Because when our I'm assuming that long term house conversation with rich are we? Are we doing CRM for everybody, and all calls get routed through high level, including the main office for metal sales, or are we going to focus just on the shed side of things with the CRM?

Matthias Miller  1:01:20
That is a fair question. And he and I did not have that conversation,

Speaker 1  1:01:26
because right now the main office is set up under um to receive you can call there and reach any uma user right through the way it's set up. Now we can go in the background and basically port my number and all the sales people's numbers out of there, and when you press Option Two or three, it will still ring that number. You can make a set number, right? So I'm assuming that's kind of how you had that in mind, basically, Port those numbers out and put it into high level.

Matthias Miller  1:02:05
That was what I had in mind. I'm not a that is what I had in mind, it seems to me, unless there's some kind of reason. So what it does mean is that if you need to transfer somebody to back into the shop, then it's, it's, you know, you don't have the UMA transfer,

Speaker 1  1:02:33
right? But transfer in high level, transferred to a set number,

Matthias Miller  1:02:40
to an external number. Yes, I here, let's I've never specifically done this, but

Unknown Speaker  1:02:52
let's do this. I

Matthias Miller  1:03:04
Okay, let's do warm transfer. Think you would have to set them up as a user.

Speaker 1  1:03:14
Set them up as user high level, not just a just, not just a random number.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:18
Yeah. So

Unknown Speaker  1:03:22
it's what's your keypad there for? Well,

Matthias Miller  1:03:25
actually, let's give it a shot. See how many simultaneous calls I can have.

Speaker 1  1:03:40
Going, Yeah, try to send it to mine, see if that works. But if you know if that's possible, then you can do that or have them in as a contact.

Matthias Miller  1:03:50
No, you can, you could. You could do you could do a, let's see. So let's, let's see if we do a upload.

Matthias Miller  1:04:02
A nice, okay, so either have a keypad set of a user,

Speaker 1  1:04:28
yeah, which, that's fine. Very seldom do we actually end up transferring back into Homer. I always just say, Hey, call the office number back and press such an option. Yeah. Okay, then basically what I need to do, I already told Richard, our IT guy to start porting numbers into Uma, but I'll tell him to put a hold on that, because we're actually going to port these into a high level instead of and basically pull my number out of them as well. Mm. That's correct. Okay, all right, make a note of that my schedule here,

Speaker 2  1:05:16
and there is a

Matthias Miller  1:05:26
so you'll basically the way it basically works. There's very in depth instructions, but basically what you do first is you, you

Unknown Speaker  1:05:47
hang on. This isn't right.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:56
That doesn't look like the right. I'm

Matthias Miller  1:06:04
you can it

Unknown Speaker  1:06:13
is, yes, it is, I,

Matthias Miller  1:06:28
I thought, you need to i

Unknown Speaker  1:06:46
Okay, here we go.

Matthias Miller  1:06:49
So basically, what you need to do first is, I'm

Matthias Miller  1:07:14
first you got to port to Twilio, and then, basically, as soon as the port is complete in Twilio. You immediately turn around and you escalate a ticket to Twilio to transfer it into, transfer it into your go. High level go, high level uses Twilio under the hood. As soon as it comes into, soon as them comes in ports into your Twilio account, sure around and immediately submit a ticket to get it pushed into your GHL Twilio account.

Matthias Miller  1:07:55
All right, the other major thing that needs to happen ASAP is i

Matthias Miller  1:08:18
Is is going into the Trust Center. And actually,

Unknown Speaker  1:08:27
I need you to,

Matthias Miller  1:08:33
we should maybe just schedule a call later this week. Thursday might be I don't even know. I don't have any mornings left before I disappear. I but I need, I need,

Matthias Miller  1:08:56
any legal business name. I yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:09:14
have a copy of our w9

Matthias Miller  1:09:20
that would help you, yep,

Matthias Miller  1:09:33
send a copy to you here. By the way, we have to drop off in about 10 minutes here, that's fine.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:47
What is your email? Matthias.miller@codehouse.com,

Matthias Miller  1:09:59
I can fill the. Soon, email that position

Matthias Miller  1:10:18
put up. I

Matthias Miller  1:10:37
Okay, waiting for it to Come in. I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:10:59
if I'm If,

Matthias Miller  1:11:09
okay. Jack, Inc, I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:11:25
an invalid country.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:32
This one I

Matthias Miller  1:11:37
Okay, sure.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:42
Business Type, s, Corp, business, I think we said we typically do

Matthias Miller  1:11:59
manufacturing, and then we've got an EIN,

Unknown Speaker  1:12:11
all right, So then over in the Trust Center,

Unknown Speaker  1:12:20
should have

Matthias Miller  1:12:29
located the US. Yes, I have a tax ID Corporation toy.

Matthias Miller  1:12:39
They put riches email in here, probably, area of operations. Let's go back in the business profile and fill that in so it's there for next time.

Matthias Miller  1:12:59
Region, US and Canada. You guys aren't going into Latin America

Unknown Speaker  1:13:05
yet, not yet. It's in the plan.

Matthias Miller  1:13:09
But you take over the world. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:13:14
okay.

Matthias Miller  1:13:19
Director of the

Unknown Speaker  1:13:22
I think he is taking CEO role.

Matthias Miller  1:13:24
CEO let's go back and change in the profile as well.

Speaker 1  1:13:29
It's in the process of being changed. Put it that way, awesome

Matthias Miller  1:13:33
conversation about that.

Matthias Miller  1:13:41
All right, low volume, all right. So then now let me. Let me get you the ATP stuff. Uh,

Matthias Miller  1:14:08
okay, prepare for ATP. I

Matthias Miller  1:14:35
have you done? Have you Richard done ATP verification in the past? I

Unknown Speaker  1:14:39
haven't done it. I don't know if Richard has it's a booger.

Speaker 1  1:14:53
I will let him handle it, since he is our IT gun. I'm not there yet. I.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:02
Let's share with okay,

Matthias Miller  1:15:20
what's his Email?

Unknown Speaker  1:15:22
Richard dot mast at PBS No

Speaker 1  1:15:48
How soon is Richard is rich. Wanting to go with all this stuff. I

Matthias Miller  1:15:53
don't know. We need to set. I like to set a target, go live date. I mean, he found out some stuff, and he called me up. He's like, this needs to happen yesterday. So he's sounds pretty motivated to make it happen. But I don't I beyond that. I can't tell you.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:14
Well, I'll get in contact with him then.

Matthias Miller  1:16:21
And then this guy, go ahead and share this with Richard So he's got access.com.

Matthias Miller  1:16:55
Okay, so prepare for two to

Matthias Miller  1:17:03
we decided the phones is set up. Great round robin. Plan. Boarding needs to be deferred. You could, you can go ahead and start building out the forms. I don't know if this can happen sooner rather than than later, but that could be a thing you don't have marketing automation ATP, you could read through this and make sure that You're familiar with it and are happy with it.

Matthias Miller  1:17:39
I uh, it's it doesn't like you. It wants all the other jewels.

Speaker 1  1:17:50
There's not that many of us. I'm sure there's not. I

Matthias Miller  1:17:55
also happen to be connected with the guy who's one of the rarest last names in the US. But see conversion tracking, there's really nothing more, source attribution, we can discuss later. For migration cert we have, if we want to do that, we can

Unknown Speaker  1:18:22
test control. Shooting.

Speaker 1  1:18:27
I'm assuming that our timeline of five weeks in July is not accurate. But no, this is don't worry about changing. I just want to make sure, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:18:35
just, let's do like I

Unknown Speaker  1:18:43
Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:18:47
All right. So this, to me, is like 80 the two. If sorry that. Wow. This is not that. This to me and the porting process. Well, this, really, here is the thing I'm most white knuckled about. It's like the one place where we've got the least control over the entire process. So I'll let you take that, run with it, and I want to set up a we might have to play it by year this week, I would have some time, probably Thursday to Well, realistically, there's not going to be no if Richard wants to talk to me about ATP, I would I really want to work him in some time, and I would have some availability through, especially tomorrow and Thursday, maybe today too. Yeah. And and then as soon as I get back, we'll set up a weekly a weekly call where we can check in on project status and clear roadblocks, make sure things are moving on you're going when I'm leaving on mostly out of the office. On Friday, I'll be back in the office. July 7. I. Okay,

Speaker 1  1:20:02
and I am going to be gone August, 5 to 15th of country, so that may expose some things down in that that time frame. But we'll, we'll

Matthias Miller  1:20:11
make it work. Um, if there's anything I can work with Richard on, we can, you know, I can work with him on some of this stuff during that time too. So, cool, awesome. Thank you. Appreciate you, yep, You bet. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai