Unknown Speaker  01:37
Hey, what's up? Can you see me? Nope, I can't

Speaker 1  01:41
do sweet. I Okay, I

Speaker 2  01:48
but the other day. you want to start, you get you got Cool, well. your your laptops block my camera, or something. Think so. Okay, there you go. I Yeah, cool. Well, I'm here for the adventure ride, so just some broad questions that I have, hey and I don't know if you want me to share my screen, or what you want me to do here, it's easier to show me probably, Yeah, give me one second here. Okay, like that. Yep, yes, got it. Oh, I mean, I'm here, yep, I see it, Okay, gotcha All right. So just a general question, I assume that we do not have access to make calls out of here. Why not? Like, I'm just saying like, as a I don't know what you want to call it, but like, let's say that I'm doing a Google search, for sake of example, on a business and I want to call them. I don't have a way to generally do that. Am I incorrect? Let me see if there is anything what's been happening recently is like, when I click This, it says your calling is not available. Yeah. I does not appear to be an easy way to do that. No what it was just something that popped up. I mean, I've been noticing it because I have access to it right here now, Was trying to make a call, and I was like, unless I go into go high level and then add them, like, there's no dial pad anywhere. And I assume that has something to do with this system that's actually associated. But you know, the other day with go high level being down with Google, it just kind of exposed this thing like, hey, we can never receive a phone call if go high level is down, correct?

Matthias Miller  05:31
And that's, yes, I mean, like that particular outage was one of high level service providers, which is a fairly major service provider, if I'm understanding correctly. And so it was that one in particular is an anomaly, but I know we had another one recently that appeared to be high levels fault

Speaker 2  06:01
well, and I know it's, I mean, it was go high level and multiple different apps that ever associated with that with Google, because I was talking to my buddies as well. Hang on. This is Eric. My name is Missy

Speaker 1  06:18
Libby, my husband and I just got a schedule over today. David Libby, good, we have the patriotic Yes. Are you the manager?

Speaker 2  06:30
I am not. Can I actually? Can I give me one second? I'm actually in a meeting right now. So let me pause this.

Speaker 2  06:47
All right, what can I help you With? One More?

Unknown Speaker  08:42
Hey, Sorry about that.

Matthias Miller  08:46
He's still there. Yep, I'm still here.

Speaker 2  08:49
Okay, I'm gonna have to make a phone Call to Jesse real Quick.

Matthias Miller  08:53
Sounds good? I

Unknown Speaker  11:04
So if I just click into Joanne Lou on here and I have my insert snippets, I have all snippets, or Eric snippets, these are texts I. One more second. Yep, all right, all right, okay. The if you want a snapshot in my day, that's been it. Okay, can you still hear me? Yep, I can I can hear you. Okay, all right. So three main things that I just kind of want to go over is, we open up a new page. Now, since I have all these contacts open if Awesome. Okay, a where do I go to create email templates? Like I found a place to create snippets with text, but I cannot. I have not been able to find it with email. But I don't have

Matthias Miller  15:04
Okay, so go to go to Marketing.

Unknown Speaker  15:10
Okay,

Matthias Miller  15:13
bottom line right there, emails and I was, yep,

Speaker 2  15:28
okay, and this is where I would have to create them. I assume, I think so it should label them mine or all, yes, okay. And then snippets is something completely different, which is text, right?

Unknown Speaker  15:45
Yes.

Speaker 2  15:51
So that that helps me out tremendously. That's one thing. Yep. I

Unknown Speaker  16:04
Okay,

Speaker 2  16:06
so the other thing that I was just going to bring up is here, what would it take to use AI or I don't care what it is to enter internal comments or notes where I can find something at the right spot, like so basically, this is, this is not a pilot zoom,

Unknown Speaker  16:37
okay? This this one.

Speaker 2  16:44
So if, if this contact comes in here, I see I have a new opportunity that's it with zero information. And this is happening with phone calls and all kinds of stuff. So like, I just get a new opportunity, no details, no information now, except on the form submission, if I have, if I go over here, is there a way to take this right here and drop it into like a common thread, like this internal note automatically,

Matthias Miller  17:17
let me go take a look. Or this is okay. This is on the Contact Us form.

Speaker 2  17:27
Right now. It's dropping into the left hand side in the tell us more under form, but I have to scroll the whole way down to the bottom try to find it. Yep. I mean, I, you know, whatever. I'm just wondering if there's a way to insert that at a higher level, like up by the street address, where you can see at a glance, or in the internal comment.

Matthias Miller  18:02
I Okay, so you can't use automation create internal comments as it stands now, but let's go back and see if we can reorder this settings. Custom fields, what's the

Matthias Miller  18:52
what's it called? What's the label?

Unknown Speaker  18:57
What are you talking about?

Matthias Miller  18:59
The Custom like, that custom field that you're looking at for

Speaker 2  19:02
The Form? Oh, tell us more about your project. I

Matthias Miller  19:26
and scroll to see I can put it in the contact section. If you want

Unknown Speaker  19:31
it in the context section, that'd be fantastic.

Matthias Miller  19:35
Okay, refresh, see what you think I

Speaker 2  19:44
I'm. Love it sweet. That's that's perfect, okay, secondarily, let me click in here. So this designer link, when the order is placed, it auto fills. Yes. Can that happen when I build a quote?

Unknown Speaker  20:41
I assume it's just a trigger. Take

Unknown Speaker  20:53
a look. I

Speaker 2  21:05
hang on and and why? I mean, if you're just leaving a note of that, then the other question I have is, on the left hand side, over here, we have a street address that I generally have to manually enter in that specific spot. My question is is, can that auto fill so this part in the Contact Us does not auto fill, but the city down here will fill, like down in the general info. So I'm just saying, can that be moved up to the contact,

Matthias Miller  21:55
just the city or fill in the street address?

Speaker 2  21:57
Yeah, basically just fill in the street address is really what I want. Because sometimes the form submit submissions have like a street address in them as well. And what ends up happening is, if you see down there this that goes by American, Chicago, the time zone, sometimes the address that gets entered over here on the left hand side will be where the phone call originated from, which it doesn't make sense to me, like, so the address associated with the phone number, so it'll say this, it's from Chicago. And then the address will actually, like, it'll be a partial one up here.

Matthias Miller  22:42
Let me take a look. Okay, so

Unknown Speaker  22:44
which are causing that?

Matthias Miller  22:47
Okay, hang on. Let's take this one, one step at A time, so we have i

Matthias Miller  23:06
delivery.

Matthias Miller  23:21
I'm okay, so you're always getting,

Matthias Miller  23:32
are the hang on trying to make sense of this. Okay, so I

Matthias Miller  24:07
Why do you want backing up? Why do you want you want the designer link so you can just click in instead of the TSA quote order URLs where you can't

Speaker 2  24:18
Yeah, so the TSA URLs that we have in there don't specifically help me out. Like, I don't even know where those things go. Like, it goes to something that you created on the back end, to my knowledge.

Unknown Speaker  24:36
Oh,

Speaker 2  24:39
and I don't have like, whenever I tried to open them, it won't allow me to do so. It's an API.

Matthias Miller  24:50
Girls field ID.

Unknown Speaker  24:57
Girls text I.

Matthias Miller  25:00
Order link.

Speaker 2  25:04
Ultimately, what I'm trying to do is I want to be able to find information easily or readily either by if it's not readily available in the contact information, then it will be inside of the opportunity. So what's been happening is a lot of quotes will come in or, or a lead, for sake of example, will come in, if somebody designed a building, and there's like, it just says, oh, there's an eight by 10 shed. They're interested in eight by 10 shed. That's it. So then you just gotta, you gotta open up TSA and track them down and then assign that. I get that. But I'm like, if it was under the opportunity, when it said we're looking at a six by eight, and you open it up and click the link, it automatically takes you there. So if a quotes created, then it would be associated.

Matthias Miller  25:55
Okay, so we have because the delivery, okay, let's go, go here. So on the opportunity, the opportunity changes, and the delivery address is not empty, and if you

Matthias Miller  26:26
so and if the address one on the contact is empty, then we should better

Speaker 2  26:37
option. I mean, I'm sorry to interrupt this TSA delivery Map link, yeah, that is inside the opportunity. I love it, but it's only available for after the sale. So if that was in the Contact page, like under the street address that would be that would make better sense.

Matthias Miller  27:07
We always fill it in before the sale.

Speaker 2  27:11
No, it does not unless I actually enter it.

Matthias Miller  27:19
I'm okay. That's an issue that's weird.

Speaker 2  27:26
And if, if it does, then it's not associated to the one that I generally enter an address, because I normally enter addresses right up here in the street address and the contact and that does not link to a map, which would be awesome if it did, because then you could just click on the link and open up a map immediately, instead of having to google it again.

Matthias Miller  27:50
Well, okay, so I guess Shut up isn't giving us the shipping address prior. Do your emails not have the shipping address coming in on a quote?

Speaker 2  28:09
On a quote? Yeah, only if I enter the address on the quote side.

Matthias Miller  28:16
Okay, so if you had a Google Maps link on the contact that's driven off the street address that would would that do that? Is that what you're asking for? Well,

Speaker 2  28:26
yeah, so, so here's, I'll walk you down through this situation that's causing me this pain. Mr. Customer calls in. I take the call. Hey, I want to quote, okay, sounds great. I'm building it out. Hey, what is your address? Okay, well, what's delivery going to be? So ultimately, what I have to do is I have to create the quote inside of TSA with an address before it would pop in here. Well, then I have to open up, because I'm when I'm talking to this customer, I have the opportunity page open just like this, yep. And so what's happening is, is it will pop in an address, but it won't show over here in the street address. It shows inside of the opportunity,

Matthias Miller  29:16
okay, but then my question is, do you want? So think one is, can we pull the address in from from the opportunity onto the contact,

Speaker 2  29:33
right, yes. Or, can we put, can we, can we reverse that, and can we put that map link attached to the street address here, so that all I have to do is enter it and then click the map link because, because here's what's happening is I have the quote that I'm building on a different screen, and then as I build it out, and I ask them for that, it bumps it back to the set. Secondary screen that I now have to open up an additional page to get to figure out their mileage, or the quicker way is because they already have it, I just copy and paste and go to Google and figure for the mileage. I'm just trying to save a step by saying, hey, if I enter it in one spot, this street address over here in the left hand side, if it opens up a map link, and then I can just open up my maps directly from that, because then when I enter it into TSA, for sake of example, over here on the right, then it should, unless there's a difference or discrepancy in the address, it should still copy across. It's fine. But if I save this particular one right now, click continue, and it actually comes across. What's been happening right now, and I don't know if this is due to go high level or due to just terrible internet service, here is there's actually a fairly large delay today. I was facing, like over a 30 minute delay before the opportunity came across to me. From there

Matthias Miller  31:14
was a weird issue today. There was a weird issue today because of duplicate phone numbers that we need to figure out how to handle. But basically, there was, there's somebody with, well, that's a long story that needs to be solved, and it's late on a Tuesday, and I should care about it. But I

Speaker 2  31:32
mean, the other thing I was going to bring up with with duplicate contents and different phones, so,

Matthias Miller  31:39
so we need a better way to handle it in short, but so we have, okay, let's say contact.

Matthias Miller  31:56
But I don't have, I don't have a good way to trigger when, when you fill in an address. This is weird. I don't have a good way to trigger when addresses changed on the contact.

Matthias Miller  32:10
To give you a link.

Speaker 2  32:15
Well, let's simplify it. Can this TSA delivery Map link? Is that from TSA, or is that just a like a Google Map link that was

Matthias Miller  32:30
associated Google Map, Google Map link,

Speaker 2  32:34
okay, can that TSA? I mean, the the Google app Map link be attached to this well, like when I entered address, here, it turns it into a map link.

Matthias Miller  32:47
Now, when you enter the address here, it can be when you submit the quote that we also put it on the contact I

Speaker 2  33:04
so when I submit the quote, right now, it already puts it onto the contact, but it's not a link. It goes into the opportunity as a link, but not contact,

Matthias Miller  33:17
okay? So when you submit a quote, we could put it on the Contact

Unknown Speaker  33:23
Us a link, but prior to that, we can do that.

Matthias Miller  33:27
We No, we don't have a we unfortunately, don't have a way. Well, okay, technically, is there a way? Yes, it's a convoluted way.

Speaker 2  33:39
Okay. Well, I don't need to make my life any more convoluted than it already is.

Matthias Miller  33:52
Thinking,

Unknown Speaker  34:00
let me do this all right,

Matthias Miller  34:21
let's put this on the list. Go for Google Maps link on the contact, based on the address. Let me think about that. Yeah, there's something before that that we glossed over, and I don't remember what it was, something not getting populated until the border is placed, or

Unknown Speaker  34:40
that is the TSA link. So the designer,

Matthias Miller  34:47
okay, who's actually, but then you're also saying you're getting weird links in TSA quote URLs, which doesn't make sense to me. Ah.

Unknown Speaker  35:01
Achievers, okay,

Unknown Speaker  35:03
let's do this. You

Speaker 2  35:23
okay, so what I'm having to do right now is actually manually enter this designer link and less than

Speaker 2  35:45
so unless I place the order, and when I place the order, I have a designer link, the TSA delivery Map link, and the TSA processed order link, and then I have Process order notes, which is great, but then this TSA quote order URLs and the Google Drive, I've never figured

Matthias Miller  36:07
out Google Drive URL doesn't work. We said it's not necessary, and it's completely useless. And I should, I should actually just delete the field. And I think I offered, but then we're like, well, let's keep it around. And now it's just confusing, so let's just take it out.

Speaker 2  36:22
Okay. Well, it out. Okay, well, that that makes sense. I just wasn't sure what the situation was with the URL. So that's fine. Yep. TSA, process, order, link is great, okay, but all of this stuff, if I ever want this to be in the design, like one, if it's an opportunity and it's a quote, then I'm talking to somebody. I have to manually enter this designer link if I want to work.

Matthias Miller  36:53
Okay, let's go take a look. So The I

Matthias Miller  37:04
order link and

Unknown Speaker  37:38
yes, data, I'm

Matthias Miller  37:44
Let me grab these. This guy, I'm

Matthias Miller  38:18
it's an order create. It's not that one we see, if I can find a quote here.

Matthias Miller  38:39
So we use processing orders. I know this is the wrong let's do This. I'm

Matthias Miller  39:21
you know that is an order. Create order link like order type is a sale. That doesn't make sense. The

Speaker 2  39:31
only thing I can think of is why that didn't was like, if a customer has multiple opportunities, and that's why we'd only done it at the sale. But if we're creating a new opportunity for every single quote that they get, which I hope is not the case, that would that would be the reason it doesn't automatically assign in there. I.

Matthias Miller  40:03
Why? Let me I'm

Matthias Miller  40:22
status is draft which is correct order link.

Matthias Miller  40:39
I'm okay, so you're, I'm Yes. So you're saying, when you do a quote, it's not getting put in there. That's what

Speaker 2  41:08
you're saying. It does not if I build a quote out, it does not enter it. So, so basically here, let's take Brendan Quinn, for sake of example, he asked me for a quote. I did not put one together. So let's, let's do this. So I had to, I manually entered this 10 by 12 greenhouse, because I know that's what he specified that he wanted. So let's come over here and let's just create one. So we're going to do design greenhouse, 10 by 12 loaded On JD. Let's do this. Let's do anchor chat and

Unknown Speaker  42:10
Okay, so save and continue. I'm

Speaker 2  42:31
and so I created the coil. It exists. But there's no designer like so in the quote stage, I just have to copy and share this.

Matthias Miller  42:53
Okay, so really, but you want this on the opportunity?

Unknown Speaker  43:00
Yeah, that'd be awesome.

Unknown Speaker  43:04
Well, that's

Matthias Miller  43:09
okay, so let's do this. I'm

Matthias Miller  43:24
okay, so, and this would just be, I mean,

Unknown Speaker  43:35
this go ahead,

Matthias Miller  43:39
This would be the I it

Matthias Miller  43:52
okay. Order link. Let's

Matthias Miller  44:44
okay, I can. That's saying I could make that change. Let me go to here. While I'm here, I. And

Unknown Speaker  45:10
opportunity,

Matthias Miller  45:17
okay, I'll make that change.

Speaker 2  45:21
Yeah, so this one is actually a prime example of everything else that's happening as well. So the reason is this guy, it came in with an actual like his form submission came in with this address. So what it did, and I changed this, but it came in as 3933, Mead Street, and then Denver, Colorado was all posted down here. Okay, so when this happens, I I open this up, I call the customer. I'm right here because I can actually make a phone call and I can hang up. If I open up the opportunity, I can no longer make phone call. Okay, yep, I never operated out of the opportunity. I'm always operating out of contact. So it's here I call the customer. Hey, just wanted to make sure that your street address is 939 33 mean Street. Okay, sounds good. Then I have, I'm copying this right now and just doing this, because it's going to affect their price, because it's based on address, and then I have to map it, yep. So I have five different steps to get here, 111, 14, all my different racks. If the problem is, is that, if I put it in over here, okay, and actually saves. It saves into the opportunity, and then when I open that up to click the link, basically I have to do it three times, like I have to bounce back out and enter their address or their their information correctly over here with mileage.

Unknown Speaker  47:14
Okay,

Speaker 2  47:17
so what's happening to me is then when I have this because I'm inside the opportunity, I can't hang up the phone until the opportunity is now closed out, like, maybe I'm getting a little bit like beyond my head, but it's like, when this is open, I'm on the phone call, I cannot answer another phone and I cannot decline a phone call. I can't do any above until I x out of here and say and then lose any information that I have in here unless I click Update, right? So I'm trying to say steps by opening this opportunity up only like whenever I absolutely have to.

Matthias Miller  48:03
Okay, so, but I'm confused, because one of the solutions I proposed was just, let's go copy. Let's go copy, let's, let's go copy the opportunity address onto the contact, and we could then copy the opportunity link onto the contact as well. Now there's no way to make sure it stays in sync, but we can copy it off the I mean, we could. We could label it, TSA Map link so that people know, hopefully remember that if they change the address. This is going to get me wrong. I

Matthias Miller  48:43
that's not what you're asking for.

Speaker 2  48:48
So this the designer you're proposing, the designer link and the map link. These two would copy into the contact

Matthias Miller  48:58
Well, the designer links getting put in the TSA quote and order URLs. I don't know if you like it there, but

Speaker 2  49:07
Okay, so this URL to open.

Matthias Miller  49:13
It can't copy the sale number. You can triple click on the link. Go back. Triple click on the link.

Speaker 1  49:23
This one, yeah, 3123, no

Matthias Miller  49:27
on the right, because we have multiple in here, but on the on the triple click on the app, dot, Colorado sheds. Dot. Thing inside, yes, three times. Good. Copy and do tab paste. I'm.

Matthias Miller  50:05
Now there's multiple then you gotta scroll down to whichever one you want. We can

Speaker 2  50:16
let me think through that, because I've never been able like that's I've never used these, mostly because it's not a hyperlink, so it requires a copy standard,

Matthias Miller  50:32
understand,

Speaker 2  50:37
I mean, if it's a copy and paste, like, my only goal is like, hey, what can I do to save time? And if this is the case, then I'm I'm better off just going over to TSA and searching by the name most of the time, because I already have that page open. I don't know.

Matthias Miller  50:55
Why are we even putting anything on the opportunity? Do what? Why are we putting anything on the opportunity? Like, why don't we just kill the opportunity field to put everything on the contact?

Speaker 2  51:08
Well, that's kind of where I'm at. The only thing I really like, if it was all on the contact, be awesome, because all I want the opportunity to show is the actual like, when the sale happens, it needs to have the dollar amount the sale. Nobody currently is using the map link, except me, and all I want to know is the details that opportunity should say the details and the price, and maybe a link so that I can get into it quick, so if that copies, like the actual order link, but other than that, half the other stuff, I mean that could all be over the contacts. I

Speaker 2  52:05
uh, originally. So I think this is partly because originally we talked about this and we're like, well, we're going to be operating out of the opportunities page. And frankly, that's not, it's not. I mean, the only time I offer, I operate out of the opportunities pages when I'm trying to make a sale. Currently, maybe that's my method, and that's the wrong method, but

Matthias Miller  52:37
go back into the opportunity To pull it up. I

Matthias Miller  53:01
because you'll pull up the opportunity list, and it goes straight into the contact.

Speaker 2  53:07
Well, well, if I open it's not just operate. It gives me this.

Matthias Miller  53:14
Okay, so scroll down so we have i

Unknown Speaker  53:39
Is this what you meant by scrolling down.

Speaker 2  53:49
The only way for me to get into the contact itself is to click the number, and then I'm operating out of contact information yet, which is ultimately where I want to be, because this is where all my tasks are located. I can see my notes, any internal notes and conversations I've ever had, right, right? Let me

Matthias Miller  54:20
think about that a little bit. Yeah. Bit

Speaker 2  54:24
that I have. And this should be fairly quick, because you can think this through. I don't need an answer to this. Contacts, is there a way? And I have not been able to find a way to keep the assigned to in here, in the filters, like so I can see if it's assigned to somebody or unsigned. I have to click it manually every time and then B, is there a way to keep it sticky where the last activity always stays the top? I.

Matthias Miller  55:05
I don't think so you might be able to keep the columns around. I don't know if the smart lists remember sort or columns.

Speaker 2  55:17
Well, Eric, so here's a smart list Eric's contacts. This is all assigned to me, but it doesn't give you a name. It's just based off of something running in the background. But if I go to all contacts, I have an assigned contacts, which is all contacts that are currently unassigned to anybody, which is crazy to me, because I actually did,

Speaker 2  55:54
but over here, like there's no way, like I can Add more filters and I can add assigned to i or i can go to the columns and I can, I can do the assigned to, and this is ultimately what I want it to be right here. But then if I x out of this and I refresh my page, it automatically goes back. So if there's, if it's the smart list, great, but ultimately, be awesome if that could be set up where it would remain sticky so that you can see the assigned to because it helps me sort when a new phone call came in. It's not assigned to somebody, or if it's assigned to me, and I need to know the time frame so that I can, like, give them a call back. Right now, what's been happening is, is that I get a new phone call and I missed the phone call. It creates a new opportunity. So now I have to open up the contact and the opportunity to see how, when it got called in, if somebody's been taken care of, and if it's not, and then it's just a sorting situation that I'm dealing up that I'm up against. So

Unknown Speaker  57:16
anyway, sorry for random

Matthias Miller  57:19
my brain don't know that that okay. So how do you want to handle we have a we have a Tara Wells who has two gmails and and duplicate phone numbers or something weird. I don't even know what it is. Yeah, so she was throwing I added a secondary email for her, because I was getting quotes with a different email for her.

Speaker 2  57:47
So this is a prime example of something we're going up against, and I'm questioning how much of this is causing an issue with our leads and spewing the numbers, but, but all this being said is because of how we're sorting it. Um,

Speaker 2  58:18
we have whenever so or what is this happening? It the situation you're talking about has more to do with emails and the way that it sorts versus anything else. Is that correct?

Matthias Miller  58:39
Right? Because we match first on email. So if you have a duplicate phone number, then

Unknown Speaker  58:46
you'll be matched. Or is that completely customizable?

Speaker 1  59:00
I'm not sure. Because

Speaker 2  59:05
I have, I'm generally fairly good at going in and merging contacts. When a new email gets put in, there are other people that a either did not have the access or B stuck. And so what ends up happening is we have multiple contacts for the same person and multiple opportunities, because the emails or phone numbers have not been merged. So what's happening is, is that the if a customer calls in but doesn't leave an email or sends in a form request, it creates a contact and an opportunity. And then when you call them and they say, Hey, my name is X, Y and Z, and by the way, hey, do you have a good email address to send it to? And I enter the email address because I'm building a quote out in the middle of this process, then it creates two contacts, and I have to go back and merge them under the same name. So.

Matthias Miller  59:59
So, I mean, but this, this goes back to we thought we wanted to match an email, but really you might not want to do that. You might actually want to match on email or phone and then add the opposite one as an additional item.

Speaker 2  1:00:13
Or we might want to match on email or phone and first name or name. I don't know if that's even an opportunity that I do think this, this comes down to the fact that it's the reason we're up against this one is because of how it's matching. And I we probably had the wrong idea of how it's gonna match. I did anyway. I don't know about you.

Matthias Miller  1:00:37
Oh, I mean, yeah, but nobody knows how we wanted to patch.

Speaker 2  1:00:53
We don't know ultimately if we could, because, like, if I've dealt with it, it's a pain in the butt and the amount of work it's causing on the back end to try to keep stuff clean is it is a pain. If people don't find that important, then that's not a problem, except when you go to sort things at a later date and try to find a customer, and then you're trying to sort between two three different people.

Matthias Miller  1:01:18
Okay, so what's the problem with batching on email or phone,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:24
email or phone, yeah, I don't know that's a problem. If

Speaker 2  1:01:37
it matches on email or phone, that should that should cut down the problem of somebody filling out a form and only having a phone number on it, and then when I'm building a quote, and I enter the phone number, but it has a New Email, it should assign that opportunity to them. I

Matthias Miller  1:02:04
I'm half inclined. The lazy part of me is half inclined to here, let's do this.

Speaker 1  1:02:22
Oh, well, we bounce check, yes, when I get together, but yeah, you can Get in process, and I'll be sure how. Yeah, I

Matthias Miller  1:03:00
uh, okay, well, let me go ahead, let me, let me, let me chase that just a bit. I think I got what I need. I'll put some thought into the contact versus opportunity discussion. And,

Speaker 2  1:03:23
no, that's great. I ultimately, when I look at somebody coming like it's stuff that I've dealt with, and I've noticed that it's a pain in the ass, and it's just it's taking a lot of extra time trying to sort through and clean stuff up as we go. Yeah, it was handleable on not ideal, but it was handleable with two people. It is not with one person, and that's why you're going to see my opportunities page be completely trashed with opportunities over here in the new con, new opportunities, because I haven't been able to keep up on these. These are missed calls, stuff that I've had contact with I did, like Hassan Muhammad, has two opportunities for no reason. I don't know how that even got created, but this is all stuff that needs to be cleaned up, and when I'm busy, I don't have time to do so. And trying to train somebody on how to operate it that way, as a new person is, is an interesting situation, because Jesse's not in here all the time doing this either, so he doesn't even

Matthias Miller  1:04:28
know, Right? Yeah, exactly. 5536 330-530-6330 like, literally, it's an identical Yep.

Speaker 2  1:04:46
And by the way, this is one of those that came in probably 1520 minutes after I put the quote together.

Matthias Miller  1:04:54
Yeah. Well, I mean, part of the problem is we need to fix the duplicate content. Next, Okay, I gotta drop. I'll let you know.

Speaker 2  1:05:05
Yep, just keep me posted and not those are the those are the things So, okay,

Matthias Miller  1:05:09
sounds good. Appreciate

Unknown Speaker  1:05:11
it. Yeah, appreciate it, Matt. Have a good one. Yep.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai