Speaker 1  00:15
Do you want me? Do you want me to text it to you? Okay, is this a good number to text? Okay, I'll text it right now. All right, thank you.

Speaker 2  00:29
Bye, hey, hey,

Unknown Speaker  00:33
holy.

Matthias Miller  00:36
You guys have had a wild life in the last week and a half.

Unknown Speaker  00:39
Oh, my God, I'm literally like, like, holy crap. So Hannah is no longer with us, and Hannah showed up wasted to work two days in a row.

Speaker 1  01:04
And the first like, the birthday, I like, I mean, she's like, family. So I'm like, Hannah, come on. Like, we we gotta get it together. We gotta, you know, and then she like, seemed to be fine the rest of the day, but then that following day that the baby had to go, like, get labs done, she was drinking that day and couldn't, couldn't even go into the hospital, like she was it, it's been a mess.

Matthias Miller  01:37
Do you have any idea what set it off?

Speaker 1  01:41
I literally have no idea, because I thought things were like, like, she was showing initiative to, like, want to learn more. Like, after she had a conversation with you, she was like, yeah, like, I'm gonna, I'm gonna learn more. And like, she would ask me questions, and then she was making herself like templates so she like and then she just went on a bender. I guess I don't, and I don't know if it's like all this stress with the baby, like they had a follow up this morning with a cancer doctor, like a blood and cancer specialist, wow, so I'm like,

Matthias Miller  02:32
well,

Matthias Miller  02:40
from a family side, I'm sorry, yeah, it's hard. It's just there's no I, I like, yeah, everything, yeah.

Speaker 1  02:53
Like, I mean, at this point she like, we knew it had to be done. Yeah? And then, like, after the fact, like, I had a conversation. With her for the first time since then last night. And she, like, apologized. She's like, I don't I need to work on me. I need to. She's like, and I hope that once I'm there and better. And like, you know myself, like, I would love the opportunity to try again, if you'll give it to me. But she wasn't like, take me back, you know what I mean? Um, yeah. So hopefully she set up some some therapy sessions, and which is what she needed to do. It just sucks that it took this to to do it, but she'll get there, I think, yeah,

Matthias Miller  03:47
well, I've never seen a case where I don't know what it is about us humans, but I had to have my own kind of wasn't that is my own version of the world coming to an end, to actually face my stuff. Like, yeah, and we all do need that. Like, I don't know why. It just feels it seems like more often than that, that there has to be something like that that

Unknown Speaker  04:16
that really puts it all into perspective.

Matthias Miller  04:19
Yeah, yeah, exactly. And forces us to come face to face with reality.

Speaker 1  04:24
Yeah. We call it the coming to Jesus moment.

Matthias Miller  04:28
It is the coming to Jesus moment. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  04:32
yeah, yep.

Matthias Miller  04:37
Well, I have a crazy story, but I have, I have a friend of mine, her business is praying for businesses, and she says, the first thing that happens when she starts praying for businesses is that people just all of a sudden leave like unexplained. They just leave. So I, I. And then the right people started showing up in the business

Speaker 1  05:05
anyway. Maybe she's praying for hours. She's

Matthias Miller  05:09
praying for you guys. That's crazy, though it is crazy, though there's something about having the right people for the right time. Yeah, okay, so I think gonna go dive in here,

Speaker 2  05:35
and I'm him see.

Speaker 1  05:50
Oh my gosh. So chance is that that follow up appointment with the baby now, yeah, so he's not in the shop, so Mike's filling in in the shop for him, and it's been like a long time since Mike's been in the shop, and I literally am sitting here and I can hear, like, it's like a duet out there, like a choir practice. They're all like, singing the song that's on, like, and I hear over the music, I'm like, Oh my God. But I mean, hey, if the Mirage good, we get stuff done. Like, totally can't make this stuff on. Can't

Matthias Miller  06:23
make this stuff up. One of my favorite stories was working with an owner, and they were having problems with one of their haulers. And he's like, you know, there's people who get hollers and don't get hollers, and he's like, some people, you gotta, you gotta schmooze them and whatever. But some people, they just need a box of donuts, and some people just need somebody to show up and sing along. Yeah, good time. And

Speaker 1  06:48
yeah, it's, it's literally crazy. I hear I'm pounding away and yelling and screaming and singing my good

Matthias Miller  06:56
that is awesome. I love it.

Unknown Speaker  07:01
I I love it, yeah.

Matthias Miller  07:05
All right. Well, let's dive into here, and we can maybe, yeah, some of this, obviously, has changed the last week or so. So I think I don't know if you remember which, I don't remember which, which one of the calls it was. I think it might have been with, with my shed, but one of the guys just practically lit up when he heard that you're the only manufacturer in pain. And I do think there's, there is a lot of opportunity. You have some unique challenges, but there's a lot of opportunity. And I would love to be able to see you guys. There's some big challenges double but I would love to see see you guys unlock kind of the next level of growth over the next year to 18 months. Yeah, a lot of it coming through. Talked about the digital stuff, and there's, there's more pieces to this, but, yeah, so immediate, immediate roadmap, my should demo, implementing it, looking at new delivery driver position, taking a look at new production incentives. There's some ideas that, because you guys have so much stuff within Google already setting up a notebook, LM that you can use for junior folks to query when you get to that point. This is this ends up being deferred, but could be really useful. You can just ask questions of like, how things get handled. So love to see dedicated delivery, delivery driver, this has already happened, launching automated customer communications within six months, higher commission salesperson, fixed marketing performance. And actually this is, this ends up being this. This actually ends up, I'm gonna say six to nine months, because six months is pretty aggressive for this.

Unknown Speaker  09:32
Yeah, I guess have a

Matthias Miller  09:38
culture of probably being customer service. It shows through. I've even seen it in Mike's Facebook posts and stuff like that, how much he cares for customers. So sorry. This is, this is just a ridiculous comment. Sheds order from really should be tough. Sheds, OH.

Unknown Speaker  10:01
Them China. It's pretty much whatever.

Matthias Miller  10:03
It's pretty much the same thing. Yeah, big tensions, clearly, kind of the old school modern thing. The family versus performance is one that showed up. There's also some questions. I don't feel like I dove in deeply enough to quite justify putting it in there. But I think Mike finding his role as the hands on guy, but also the leadership needs of where the business kind of is at. I think that's a little bit of a challenge. But I didn't, I kind of felt like without more conversation, I didn't want to just throw Mike under the bus, but I do think it is a little bit of a it is a challenge.

Speaker 1  10:41
Yeah, no, oh, I agree. And I think honestly, he would, too, yeah. I

Matthias Miller  11:00
Yeah, and he does great. He I mean as evidence by what's going on right now. Yeah, I sales ability, customer focus, and you're, you're just dogged persistence, like, of course, it's an owner mindset, but to have us for, for even use an owner to have a salesperson like that, like that's pretty phenomenal chance. Seems very much like he's not super creative in how he's solving his production problems and so

Speaker 1  11:53
and he's not always doing it like in a like, he doesn't always think about, like, the money that's being wasted when he chooses to do things a certain way. You know what I mean? Like, sure, like bringing the compressor to that job, right? Like, I don't

Matthias Miller  12:18
it. It's almost, I don't know if this is short term or long term, but it's almost like it'd be better for him to be a team lead With Mike over him.

Unknown Speaker  12:31
I would agree with that. I

Speaker 1  12:43
Yep, 100% and I do think that, oh, sorry, I do think that part of the the issue with like Mike is that he, he is literally all over the place, right, trying to handle more than any like, even a business owner should, like he should not be delivering sheds.

Matthias Miller  13:07
No, yeah, yes, I agree. And both of you guys are running at about 120% and it's really hard to break free, like it's hard to do the things that you need to do to break free. It's almost like a negative reinforcing cycle, right?

Matthias Miller  13:39
Okay, so market position, competitive advantage, yes, all of this stuff, reputation, no, direct competition for building great traffic and Vertical integration. Market vulnerabilities. The big vulnerability too is I'm

Matthias Miller  14:26
uh. So I've seen this out West, especially like in Montana and areas like that Washington, where investors will be like, Oh, look, even we've seen this in Colorado, like there was a ship company that started maybe 10 years ago, and now there's four in the area, which isn't that much, but it's like, one shows up, and then everybody's like, Oh, it's stupid. Easy to sell sheds here, because nobody's here, and then all of a sudden, you've got four or five people showing up. So the the downside is. Yeah, that is a vulnerability. Somebody being like, Oh, nobody else in Maine, like, well, what can we do so not to lose sleep over it, but just, I think it's just a, just a reminder to keep moving. Like, I don't know, the labor market. That's this is just, this is just obnoxious. Contractor Licensing would help you guys a lot. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  15:32
And, you know, I really, I really. This morning I was reading, like, some news app that I have, and I try to stay out of it, but like there was something, there's like this article that was written about employment, and one of like the examples was so ice just came in and arrested or took in two of Our main state correctional officers

Unknown Speaker  16:01
for working in Maine illegally. So, like, when the Maine state prison has illegals working like, I feel like that just kind of shows like, there's literally nobody. Like, I

Speaker 1  16:23
it's, it's crazy, yeah, like, I know there's people. I know we have to do it, like, strategically find employees, but I'm like, holy, that's like crazy

Matthias Miller  16:37
to me. That is, that's,

Speaker 2  16:40
uh, wow, I was

Unknown Speaker  16:44
like, so we're obviously not alone there.

Unknown Speaker  16:49
That's awful,

Unknown Speaker  16:51
so bizarre.

Matthias Miller  17:00
Um, we'll get into that a little bit more so. But you guys are here. You guys have a strong, strong market position. I think, I mean, it's clear to you guys, internal capacity is the challenge. We de duplicated leads and found 49 leads, at which came out to $79 a lead. This seems high. Yes, I have, I think we should shop around. Yes, I had a conversation with a friend of mine. He has run Google traffic for years. He did it for a shed client in North Carolina for a while, fairly large budget and but he is a you just got to know working with him, he'll respond to emails all this kind of stuff. He does not like to get on meetings. He's like, if you want to pay me to get on a call, you can pay me to get on a call, but I just want to run ads. Yeah, I totally that's and so totally fine. I I'm happy to set up an introduction with him, I've also heard good success from folks over at the shed app, but, but they they do kind of prefer by, I don't know. I think they're kind of catering towards clients that are using the shed app. I don't really know. I am not opposed to you looking into shit geek marketing. I talked to a guy recently who's switching away from them because of issues that they've had. But I don't I don't have a ton of data. My I uh, so I'm happy to make that introduction to my colleague, if that's useful, and

Speaker 1  19:09
I would love that. Yeah, I'm as soon as we get off this meeting, I'm gonna send an email to a local IQ,

Unknown Speaker  19:18
okay. Um,

Matthias Miller  19:21
attribution, black hole. And as a side note, some of this may require the the app integration, or like my shed, or something like that, so that we actually can start tracking which deals are closing, so that we can lower Google costs. So there may be some of that that's at play. I just want to make sure I don't, yeah, set it up for magic, yeah, yeah, yeah. And there's just attribution, black hole, lack of attribution. I don't know how much local i. Look like he was split testing and other things like that, but part of marketing is always trying to beat your ad and get a better one, right? So yeah, there you go. Attribution system, salesperson performance. I mean, these were direct quotes from each of you guys. I think it's pretty clear, and this really doesn't matter at this point, but processing efficiencies, manual co creation for pavilions and gazebos from Excel sheets, no automated follow up sequences. We talked about this, yeah, customer Status Notification, podium CRM doesn't integrate with anything, and no clearly defined sales training and process. But again, this is, this is the I'd be most concerned about getting the getting my shed and CRM implemented, yeah, software evaluation. I don't feel like, did you guys go ahead and sign off with them? When with my

Speaker 1  21:18
shit? I literally had a couple of follow up questions. It was just about, like, the integrating with QuickBooks. And I think we decided that we're going to move forward with, like, the admin portal, the 3d you know, like that portion, and then we're going to because chance has been crazy. Mike's been crazy. So neither one of them have had, like, a chance to really invest time into watching the demo for materials, right? Um, but then that's something we can add later, right? But I definitely think it's important for us to swap over to, like my shed from idea room that we have now, not even that idea room just went up to $850 a month starting in July, and my sheds way under that that's crazy,

Unknown Speaker  22:19
Like, okay, that was kind of like, my that's a no brainer. And also, like, I don't even remember his name, but the guy from my shed, was it nick or Matt?

Matthias Miller  22:32
There's Matthias the owner,

Speaker 1  22:33
yeah, yeah. He is, like, so blue collar, yeah. And I like, look at him. And I'm like, I feel like the way that their system is set up, they probably had a similar kind of processor system like we have now before, because I feel like my shed would literally meet all like, just the way that you can organize the customers, like all The customers go to one portal. Like it's not 15 designs that all count as a lead. You know what? I mean? Like it just Yeah, yeah,

Matthias Miller  23:09
that's

Unknown Speaker  23:10
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  23:13
yeah, I think yes,

Speaker 1  23:16
good. So we're definitely going to do that.

Matthias Miller  23:19
Makes sense. Do you mind if I ask what their what their implementation, what they're charging for implementation? Yeah, so

Unknown Speaker  23:30
that was

Unknown Speaker  23:57
out person that

Matthias Miller  24:14
I must have loved it already. I

Unknown Speaker  24:26
Yeah, so it's 838 30 a month, but if you sign on for like two years, that's 15% off

Speaker 1  24:42
monthly, and then it's 5000 to like, onboarding, yeah, and I thought that was pretty decent, like, because if you take the 15% off, or whatever, you. It really does way more than idea rum does. Yes, it does an idea rum going up to 850 a month. Yeah. And you would think, like, they would offer discounts, since we've been with them for a while, but like, when I was like, Yeah, I'm actually contemplating leaving. So please don't auto rebill. They were like, Okay, I'm like, Okay, thank you for making that easy

Matthias Miller  25:31
for me. That's crazy. Yeah, I

Matthias Miller  25:45
Yeah, all right,

Unknown Speaker  25:48
yeah, sounds sweet. Not recommended.

Matthias Miller  25:51
Yeah, shut up. I mean, I talked to a company out in Washington. They're using shed pro. He had nothing but amazing things to say and but I'm yeah, that was the one we looked at. And we're like, Thanks, guys. Don't even, I don't even know what they're doing, like, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  26:11
So

Matthias Miller  26:14
implement my shed IO with go high level, and we can talk about that. Shedge does offer go high level. I don't know what kind of automations and integrations that they have. I also do full transparency. Can offer go high level as well, and we can chat about what that looks like. Moving Hannah out of a role in that herself commission salesperson, which you talked about earlier. So one of the key things is to target somebody who's I mentioned this, target somebody who's successful selling somewhere else and have a realistic 125 to 150k earning potential. Got a colleague who's he's not, he's not cheap, but he hires top 1% sales people. It's a little bit of a little bit of a it might be a little bit of a challenge, or he does more recruiting, like virtual sales positions, so geographic center does definitely limit it somewhat, but he's got his process super dialed in, and he'll will stand behind his sales person for a year replace for free. If they don't, they don't, they don't perform. So it does it, it's it. You know, all these types of things I helped the client recently work through the numbers on that. Does it make sense? And literally, with their marketing costs, they were like, we can't do anything but a top 1% salesperson like the economics don't work. So it does. It is it does put when you do that, I've heard repeatedly from clients of his that a salesperson like that, if they show up, they're actually hungry and they're actually pushing hard, and you got leads for them that they'll push on. I mean, you're going to have other parts of the business breaking. So Mike's going to be pulling out his hair in production and all this other kind of stuff. But yeah,

Matthias Miller  28:38
so current team structure, like, again, generally, productions, lacking leadership. Chance talked about sort of Aaron's attempts at leadership. And it's just like, the guy's not, like, it's not what he wants to do. He wants to go build things. So, yeah, let's let him please.

Unknown Speaker  28:59
Yeah, he's kind of a dick,

Matthias Miller  29:02
Okay, fair enough.

Matthias Miller  29:10
Lots of dependency on chance the mic to be present. I don't know this is you may have your hand forced into this with the labor pool, like when you're dealing with low caliber workers, you just have to have somebody in the in the mix to keep the heat turned up right. Material ordering was something that chance mentioned the example of vinyl stay in the whiteboard for a couple weeks field incentive programs. Got some ideas on that as well, probably the but we'll get to that in a minute. One of the incur, one of the suggestions. Um. Let's see.

Speaker 1  30:06
So up there where you just highlighted like the on site builds destroy the shop, productivity, yes, it's crazy that you put that, because I literally had a dream last night that we scheduled. We took like, one week every month and scheduled all of the Prefabs, yeah, for like, though that week, so it's not like, so they're out all week. That week, they can do two or three in a day, you know, if they have all the materials, if they plan for that, you know what I mean, like, and that would also keep, I think, customers, if we're like, you know, they order a a prefab. It has to be a prefab. And we know that it's like, the second week of the month is all prefabs. Yep. I don't know if that worked, but I just had a dream that we did that last night.

Matthias Miller  31:14
It's very interesting. I I thought I had a thought of, like, we'll just put them towards the end of the week, so it doesn't kill the whole week. But I like, I like that approach better. It's me that makes a lot more sense.

Speaker 1  31:30
I mean, I think that too, like the trailers loaded up with all the materials, like all the tools, right? So it's not like, yeah, I don't know. It was just the thought. It was that, well, it was a dream.

Matthias Miller  31:46
Well, I mean, you can look at that and it's either, I mean, sometimes it's just, it's subconscious, like looking to solve problems. Yeah, I

Matthias Miller  32:07
I like that, okay, instead of, you know, incentives, not money driven, not no future planning, happy with current income levels. No, 401, K,

Matthias Miller  32:27
there's, there's Mikey. Can we find another Mikey wants time off, just a natural helper. Like, kind of get, like, the semi retired, like, I'm getting close to retirement, and I just want to have a decent life. Yeah,

Speaker 1  32:52
yeah, Mikey was literally great, except for he was, I think, unmedicated bipolar. But, like, it was, like, very different and weird, or maybe it was just every time, like his wife hated him. He hated everything

Matthias Miller  33:05
that can't do it to a man, but, but still, that's weird, yeah, and what, what do you think really is at the root cuz y'all have had some crazy employment stuff.

Unknown Speaker  33:23
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  33:27
is there, is there any company anywhere in Maine that you know of

Unknown Speaker  33:39
that has

Unknown Speaker  33:42
you have a call from

Matthias Miller  33:44
doesn't have loony people working for them. Oh no,

Unknown Speaker  33:52
no. It's wild. It's it's

Speaker 1  34:00
literally crazy. Like, you go into the hospitals even No, and I'm like, and not that. Like, I I really try not to judge a book by its cover. But like, I mean, when you're working in a professional job. Not that McDonald's isn't professional, but, like, it's almost like you expect that at McDonald's or a fast food place or but like, just when we were in the hospital sets and last week, I was like, That person is employed here. I

Unknown Speaker  34:44
It's,

Unknown Speaker  34:47
it's very bizarre, mind boggling. Actually,

Matthias Miller  34:54
this is just mind boggling. Well, I. Uh, there are this

Unknown Speaker  35:10
is

Unknown Speaker  35:12
I also think that when we hire new people for the shop, I feel like they don't slow down enough

Speaker 2  35:26
to teach the new people. Yep,

Speaker 1  35:33
I think that the the hiring process for the shop. Like, I understand that they need, they need employees. Like, I understand that, but, like, half the time I don't even know there's a new person starting until they get here or and then not to, like, make this about me, but then I'm rushed to get their payroll set up and their workers comp and like, and if they're not like, having a meeting with these people before, if they're just kind of like, yeah, see you Monday, or like, how is that like, I literally wonder If these people even know what to fully expect,

Matthias Miller  36:24
is there a world in which could you inject yourself into the interview process and into the recruiting and hiring process?

Speaker 1  36:35
Yeah, absolutely. My thing with that is just the i Yeah, the time portion of it, time commitment

Matthias Miller  36:50
is there a small bite size piece of it where you can spend 10 minutes looking over, and I don't know if this is, this may be over optimistic, 10 minutes looking over job postings to say that's gonna get you the wrong, wrong kind of person, yeah, yeah. And also 10 minutes with anybody who walks in the door where you can say, like, Okay, this is a this is beyond the baseline knucklehead, like, yeah, we got to do something different. Because I feel like you've got a tell me this. This read is right too. But Mike loves helping people, and it believes in people. And I wonder if some of that's bleeding into his production, stuff like, Oh, here's this guy. Oh, he totally could be something. And it's good. It's good once you've got good people in there, because he rallies them. But if you don't have me not asking you to be a hard ass about it, but kind of, actually, yeah, you don't have somebody like you in there saying, No. Like, let's not hire on potential. Let's go higher on like, this guy's like,

Speaker 1  38:13
no, yeah. Like, if you can't read a tape measure, get the hell out of here, right? And I feel like chance is very much like that too. Like, well, we don't know. Like, he could be great. Yeah, he could be, and I could waste an hour getting his payroll set up for him not show up tomorrow, right? Or, like, when somebody's and I I understand, especially like, living the life that we live. Like, I understand that things happen, but like, if somebody's supposed to start on Monday, we tell them to be here for 730 and they're not here, and they text halfway through the day, like, oh, sorry, man. Like, something came up, like, we're not interested.

Matthias Miller  38:56
No, that's, it's the first day. Like,

Unknown Speaker  39:00
right? Like, you make sure that that, yeah,

Matthias Miller  39:08
is there any kind of day rate project that you could say that you could hire them up, or any kind of project where you can pay them up to $500 as a 1099, where you don't have to mess with, mess with, with payroll at the end of the end of the year, and payroll, if they don't show,

Speaker 1  39:34
yeah, yeah. I didn't think about that. The only thing is, is is they, if they're a 1099, they have to have their own insurance. Good point in some of these subs now, like, like, I just were in the middle of, like, a insurance audit or something, um. Yeah. And she's like, were there any subcontractors? I'll need their insurance for all. And I'm like, guy, I don't even know if I'm spelling this one guy's name right, but he's done a ton of work for us, like in our rental properties, he shows up when he says he's gonna be there, we pay him. He doesn't get hurt, he doesn't screw anything up, he doesn't he just does what he's supposed to do, and he's in and out, and I'm not gonna let him go over insurance, you know what I mean? Like, like, not when he's accomplishing so much like, and he's built like pergolas for us, pavilions, or stained them, painted them. He's done, like, rental property stuff. I think you even like, mowed a couple lawns. Like, he's just kind of like this. I mean, he's Mexican, but I don't even know if he's here legally or but honestly, he's a hustler, and I don't want to lose him

Matthias Miller  41:03
exactly. My my brother ran a roofing crew when I was, like, eight. Those are always the best guys. Like, yeah,

Speaker 1  41:13
we have so I have a local, like friend, they own a paving company in the same county, and they're struggling with the same thing. They can't find employees. And if, if they do, they're like, kind of same as ours. They care about, like, their alcohol, their pot, like their the end of the day, they can't wait to clock out and get high or whatever it is. And and they did. They got, like, a, and I hate to say it like this, but like, a truckload of of Mexicans. And I like, kind of like, joke about it, but I'm like, I mean, it's a little different now with, like, all the ICE raids and all of that, but I'm like, yo, send some my way. Like,

Matthias Miller  42:01
do you? I mean, if you had a bilingual manager, that's probably the biggest barrier, isn't

Unknown Speaker  42:07
it, yeah,

Matthias Miller  42:10
like the bilingual guy to kind of, if you had one bilingual person to crack open that, yeah, or uh, or even a and I don't know if there's any translation apps that are good enough to do this, um, because, oh, you really it's a nightmare, though.

Speaker 1  42:35
Yeah, there's one guy that's here now, and I don't know what he speaks but one of our employees was like, Oh, my dad uses this app, like at his work, and that seems to be working, but it's like, it's all in the communication is all in text is all in writing. But the guy still, oh yeah, he is here today.

Unknown Speaker  42:58
Um,

Speaker 1  43:02
it it's all in like text, so it can be like translated, but he does do what you ask him to do, and he does it correctly. The process is just a little bit slower,

Matthias Miller  43:18
but there are apps I I'm just pulling some up here, maybe, like There's I translate, which says it's voice to voice I Yeah,

Matthias Miller  43:46
but I do wonder because, but all you really need to do at some point then is, and AI is getting good enough too. Is that even on your build sheets, you can probably have them snap your photo and say, translate this in Spanish to tell me what to do, as far as once they're trained, trainings the barrier, but once they're trained to actually just go do what needs to be done.

Speaker 1  44:12
Yeah, and I think I could probably, like, there's the app, but I think I could probably find some sort of translator.

Matthias Miller  44:22
I another very, oh, go ahead.

Unknown Speaker  44:25
No, it's okay.

Matthias Miller  44:31
You mean like an app or like a person,

Speaker 1  44:33
like a person like, I wonder like, if there was like, it may be worth it, if there were training like three bilingual or three foreigners or whatever. I don't know the appropriate term to use for that, but um, it was through the same nationality that they spoke the same language, and then we could find that translator. Like it may be worth it to pay a translator until they're trained. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  45:00
Yeah, right. Oh, right, that's a good point. So pay a translator to show up and be like your job is to show up for two months and you're just a full time translator here. Yeah, this guy's trained,

Speaker 1  45:14
yeah. I mean, I don't know if chance or Hodge or Mike would feel like that was helpful. Like, they wouldn't have to, like, I mean, they would still slow down. I don't know, very, very good at training people. He's very patient. I think that comes with age, because he was never like that. I uh, but now Mike, like, really breaks it down. And I think I've heard him say, like, a couple times now I know I have to, like a few different people, like, I don't think you're an idiot. So if you feel like I'm speaking to you, like, I think you're an idiot, please tell me, because that's not my intention. Like he's literally just trying to, like, break it down to the point that they get it. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  46:21
yeah, this one doesn't have easy answers, but seems like there might be. There's at least a glimmer of hope that there might be a pocket of Spanish speaking labor.

Unknown Speaker  46:34
Yeah, one

Matthias Miller  46:38
of I have a friend of mine. I mentioned this in the call, and I went down and and chased some things down. I don't know if this would work in your situation. The type of people he was hiring sounded very similar to the type of people you guys are hiring. And here's some of the stuff that he did. He the two if you went 90 days without any missed days, your first 90 days, your first 90 days, you didn't miss any days. You got a $2,000 bonus at 90 days, got a way more applicants out of that. Had a 24 hour interview rule, like, if somebody said, like, if somebody said, Hey, I want to interview you're like, All right, today at 230 like, literally within the next 24 hours, you get them, you get them on the call. Have some kind of smart question filter, like, just so that people aren't blasting resumes everywhere. He used, he used Craigslist. I think it might have dropped off a bit. I think, I think some of the job forms to or the Facebook groups might you know that that's still potentially an option. The other thing he did, and I don't know if you guys run into this, but he would actually pay for an Uber for interview folks being interviewed. Okay, and so if they needed it, he's like, if they may, if they mentioned any kind of transportation problem, like, well, I don't know if I'm going to be there because need to use my aunt's car. Or, I don't know, well, can we get get you an Uber and you just Uber people back and forth. So these are at least some things to try. Ai, yeah, I don't know the jumping up a little bit. I realize I skipped some. I don't know if you can't beat, if you can't if you can't beat them, join them

Unknown Speaker  48:41
like they make me need to join the hum,

Matthias Miller  48:44
like, I don't know, I don't know if this is just more chaos in trouble, and this might actually have to happen every single day, but if you set daily production goals, I mean, this is probably the craziest ideas, and this is not run through any filter lens of, does this work? This is just what are avenues? Yeah, but a 5pm happy hour, like guys, if you hit here's today, not tomorrow, not this week, today, if you get this done today, company paid happy hour at 5pm Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  49:38
Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  49:42
Can also then being able to have a way to judge, because chance is not thinking through, and part of it comes down to management, but then he's also not thinking through how you set goals. I think it's something like. Like, in my mind, what makes sense is your goal should be based on a certain production value produced based on hours worked. So if we have three guys working eight hours, it's 24 hours, we can generate this much production value, and then you adjust a little bit based on what they're working on, whatever like today. Here it

Speaker 1  50:24
is. Let me go grab my curry. I'll see you around. Yeah, hang on one second. Yep, no worries. Sorry you

Speaker 1  50:55
one of the guys who's gonna grab him, he's out in the fork drop. That's no problem at home. Sorry, no worries.

Matthias Miller  51:03
Yeah. But just that gives you that, at least gives a production manager some kind of way to get, all right, like, realistically, this is what should happen and for us to be profitable. Like, there should be some, I didn't run the numbers. There should be some number where you say, look for us to even be, you know, here's our break even, and here's really where we should be at. And in a perfect world, we should be up here producing this much per hour, and structure that around them. And I would also do this team based, like, either everybody wins or nobody wins. And yeah, and like, you guys help each other out. You guys make it happen. Like, and if one of you guys decides to

Unknown Speaker  51:51
screw it up for everyone else, yeah, exactly you

Matthias Miller  51:53
want a 45 minute smoke break then and not get the happy hour, then you're gonna have the rest of the team mad at you, because you're

Unknown Speaker  52:00
exactly, yeah, I think that's huge, yeah.

Matthias Miller  52:07
So I don't think I've ever recommended a company to do this before, but it's something,

Unknown Speaker  52:17
all right. I so

Matthias Miller  52:27
hauling truck drivers want to go from A to B, the Pennsylvania candidate he's been working with, it's been timing and family issues, like literally, the beer manufacturers are killing your job market too, because you can just hop in a truck and there's good money and you just nothing to do. Here's where I would explore. I think we talked about some of this, but construction workers like, can you offer same pay, easier work, consistent schedule, and they also understand some basics of leveling construction and other types of stuff that people don't get, hopefully, and then, potentially, you know, use,

Unknown Speaker  53:27
sorry,

Matthias Miller  53:28
okay, especially as they're getting older. So some of them, you know, they're hitting, I don't know, hitting their 50s, and they're like, I don't want to be doing backbreaking work all the time, tired of being out in the weather all the time, right? Mike also mentioned tow truck drivers. You do miss, you do miss the construction experience with that one, so, right? I

Matthias Miller  54:03
trade school graduates that went I, what makes it interesting is because there has been past success from it. That's my understanding, right? But, but there's a reduced interest in trade school, generally, yeah.

Matthias Miller  54:29
So could throw in a photo of a shed being delivered tired of roofing in July. Landscaping could also be potentially to think about that.

Unknown Speaker  54:48
Yeah, I.

Matthias Miller  55:00
I don't know if this matters, but, but highlighting these, I think, I think throwing a picture of what it's like, pitching it not against, trucking, like you can't wait. It's gotta be. This is better than landscaping. This is better than, for sure, roofing. This is better than,

Speaker 1  55:23
I don't know, yeah, no, it makes total sense, though.

Matthias Miller  55:29
I don't even know. There is a world in which a relocation package might make sense, which is a little bit but I don't know how you find these guys hauler groups just continuing to post. Hey, anybody looking to an adventure? Yeah, but that hasn't really been

Unknown Speaker  55:48
no, yeah. All

Matthias Miller  55:56
right, so

Speaker 2  56:00
I some

Matthias Miller  56:10
of these, some of these potential pieces. So adding another sales person to really hit, a really great salesperson can do you could maybe hit 10 with two exceptional sales people, but they're going to have to be exceptional. I mean, I think most people, I think most people would consider you a bit of a unicorn in in the shed industry, in terms of sales. So Gail, yeah, literally,

Speaker 1  56:50
I'm putting that on my LinkedIn. Awesome

Matthias Miller  56:55
shed sales unicorn. Like, I'm always astonished, but people have dealers, and they're like, they're blown out of the water. When the dealer sells a million a year, I'm just like, okay, maybe that's great for dealer, but for an internal salesperson like that would not, in my opinion, that's not, that's baseline tolerability, that's not 100% a great admin assistant like that, if there's any way, we can start freeing up some of that stuff for get You keep, keep doing more sales, high performing salesperson, 7% 7% commission hit 2 million. That's 140 a year. And you want them to be smiling like this is basically what it takes for most of these guys, yeah, to want to do. But you want somebody who's who's financially motivated, so they're going to want to be a high earner. If you can get past the you guys don't have this. I've had companies where it's like, yeah, but the salesperson can't make more than either the owner, people in production or any other like,

Speaker 1  58:28
Okay, why not? They have the hardest job. They have the hardest job. They're making the company money. They can make a million dollars a year if they're gonna sell a mill, you know, like, exactly,

Matthias Miller  58:40
exactly, everything rises and falls on that. We without that. We got nothing so, so yeah. And I think the big question for me is, I mean,

Matthias Miller  59:01
if we were to stage this out, and I probably should have, well, I think we have it up here. We do have it up here, staging it out a little bit, getting my shed rolled out, yeah, getting a delivery driver so that Mike can be in production and whip production back into shape. And then from there, hopefully being able to grow what makes your productions in good shape, and at that point, probably actually ready to CRM implementation in there, this at the same time, and from there, being able to put a salesperson in place.

Speaker 1  59:39
Yeah. I agree, yeah, so I think, first and foremost, I'm gonna send them the onboarding email. Yep. Uh, because they said, like, two to four week setup, right?

Matthias Miller  1:00:04
Yeah, like that, yeah. And I would expect, if you're not doing inventory, it's going to be, it should be Quicker, quicker, yeah? But I don't, I should. I can't speak for them,

Unknown Speaker  1:00:18
right? Of course, things change. I change. Okay, so that's gonna be my thing today, that I'm gonna

Unknown Speaker  1:00:27
get going,

Unknown Speaker  1:00:32
and then the local IQ thing, because that seems ridiculous,

Matthias Miller  1:00:37
and I've got an email I'm sending off. Uh, sending off an email intro now, and I'm going to shoot him a text message. Okay, cool to look for that.

Matthias Miller  1:00:58
And then I think the question as far as going from here, I'm very open to, well, okay, the other question then is, CRM itself Go high level. How do you guys want to i

Matthias Miller  1:01:23
Yeah, price, pricing, well, I guess, what path do you guys want to take? I'm not sure exactly. Most of my implementations have been with bigger manufacturers, and it's been they've got somebody on their side, so I'm just doing kind of a guided implementation. Yeah, not super hands on. That's, that's a scenario where I've got conflict of interest and happy to help in any way I can. I don't know where you want to,

Speaker 1  1:01:55
yeah, so I think that because I, I think I like requested a demo for go high level

Matthias Miller  1:02:07
that sound from, from shed geek, or from,

Matthias Miller  1:02:18
or From, go high level itself.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:20
Go high level itself.

Matthias Miller  1:02:24
I can. I mean, I can. I probably should do it now, because I'm gonna, we're gonna run out of time. I could. I could give you a demo as well, if you want to demo what that looks like.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:35
Yeah. I

Unknown Speaker  1:02:48
Oh, wait, yeah, so

Speaker 1  1:02:55
and go high level. Oh, wait, maybe I watched some videos. Is this? This one doesn't offer phone service, though, right? It

Matthias Miller  1:03:03
does have it integrated. Yes, it does, okay, yes,

Matthias Miller  1:03:13
like, it's the biggest piece I'm not sure about is, I mean, like it's all your contacts will get pushed out. Here you have, you have conversation threads you can call from within the app. There's a, it's not, there's like, a mobile app that that you can call from calls to get recorded, transcribed track. I don't know how much of these opportunities you actually end up using because, because of how much your stuff is in, is in my No, most of your notes and stuff would live over here, and I'm sure there's some kind of sinking back and forth between that would have to happen with my show. But then this is also where, if you want to get into AI agents, like a voice AI,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:25
okay, wait. Is Audra

Matthias Miller  1:04:26
real? Audra is real. She is real. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:32
I was like, I wonder if she's a real person.

Matthias Miller  1:04:35
I have not died deep enough into using agents, but it's coming within six months. Some of this stuff is going to be but like, like voice agents and on your automation, you can have, I mean, this is getting deep into the weeds, but you can put in a knowledge. Base where you have information about your business, other things like that, and then have in your automation you can set up,

Matthias Miller  1:05:16
like, let's say, a form, a specific form, is submitted, and then

Matthias Miller  1:05:27
I'm not even sure if workflow, AI, conversation, AI and you can build out, you can build out AI bots from there, okay, apply the text messages and stuff like that. One of the most useful things I've heard, I've heard a lot of good things about the kind of AI receptionist where it's like, Hi. Like, nobody's available. I'm your AI receptionist. Like, I'm happy to take a message and and and give it, to give to them, and you know, yeah, okay,

Speaker 1  1:06:10
yeah. So, I think one of our, like our HVAC people, that we use for our rental properties, I think they use go high level. And I didn't even know when I was, like, dealing with them, that I was talking to an AI person, yeah. Like, it was so, like, legit, you know, yep. So this is where it has the phone integration,

Matthias Miller  1:06:45
that's right, so you'll, you would, you, we would need to port your phone numbers over, yeah, to here, and then all your calling and stuff would happen. Calling and texting would happen from inside of here. Okay, once.

Speaker 1  1:07:03
Okay, so you would keep your current phone provider.

Matthias Miller  1:07:08
Well, you wouldn't. I mean, if you need to, if you wouldn't use the you don't need to, if you Yes, like, you can take the basically, you can just say, you basically tell the current phone provider take my phone number and send it over to go high level.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:25
Okay,

Speaker 1  1:07:28
okay, so yeah, I think we're gonna do that too. I think that's huge, that in the my shed for start, like today, this week. Um,

Speaker 1  1:07:43
oh yeah, this is very similar, like setup to podium, but this offers way more. Like,

Matthias Miller  1:07:50
it's just scratch the surface too. Is organized. It's very comprehensive, like, we'll also have forms. Like, I mean, this is one of mine, but you put the form on here and put it on the website so that your website forms go straight into here.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:18
Oh, I like that, yeah, yeah, yeah, I think we need to do this also. Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:08:47
Yeah, so those are my two things today, yep,

Matthias Miller  1:08:53
and if you and I don't know how much I got, yeah, I could send over some info later today, as far as what it would look to for me to do that if you want to do independent research with shedge, you're welcome to I

Unknown Speaker  1:09:14
don't know how I feel about shed

Matthias Miller  1:09:15
geek. Well, I don't blame you, but I want to leave it open. Leave it open for you. So the other big question I have, and I don't know, I don't know really where to go with with this. I'm not sure if this is one of the things that's very early on and very formative, or really great early on, not well formulated, and I'm very happy to kind of CO create this with you, if you want. I've been looking at creating kind of a year long, like, let's work through this stuff together. We're kind of like, stay on track, stay focused, help answer questions, problem solve, like, those types of things. Is to try to get through this stuff as much as possible. And I don't know, like I said, I kind of what I've been thinking has been 36k for kind of a year of walking alongside, helping to, like, guiding the process, yeah, like coaching. Like coaching, yes, yeah, so. And I don't know if that's something that you guys would be interested in or not, but I wanted to,

Speaker 1  1:10:35
I mean, I definitely think so. I would obviously want to run it by Mike, but I definitely, I definitely think so.

Matthias Miller  1:10:44
All right, and we can work through the specifics. It's not a deeply formulated program, but it's like, let's, let's figure out what works. And more and more. And I don't know if you're feeling this or not, but more and more people are less about give me the framework, and people are more like, let's create something together that works well for both of us. Both of us, yeah? Just how I like to work. So, so, yeah, make it. Make it a win on both Yeah, yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:11:12
I would agree with that, yeah. So, let me run that by Mike, but I definitely think that that's that would be a huge asset, that you're a huge asset.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:29
Yeah, this.

Speaker 1  1:11:42
Yeah, definitely let me he's with Haley paint now, apparently he had an appointment, but he didn't tell me, but I'm gonna work on I'm gonna send that email over to my shed, and then start this high level process

Matthias Miller  1:12:04
here, can I, if you're going to start that process, I can go ahead and set up an account for you and get it over to You. Oh, that

Unknown Speaker  1:12:11
would be Literally safe. Hang on. I

Matthias Miller  1:12:47
uh, Eastern Time, you guys have 1143, Right, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:13:01
all right, let's Go over to

Unknown Speaker  1:13:09
Okay.

Matthias Miller  1:13:34
I need can just log in with your there should be a, if you guys are using Google business suite, you should be able to just log in with a like, Google. Yeah, with Google, I'll just drop your account

Unknown Speaker  1:14:00
and you can, okay, cool.

Matthias Miller  1:14:03
Start poking around and we can, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:14:05
perfect. Oh, my God, thank you so much. You've lifted so much weight off my shoulders.

Matthias Miller  1:14:13
We're glad to hear,

Speaker 1  1:14:15
um, can you send me the invoice for the other half of you? Oh, on like mine. I write notes every day, and I continue to put the stuff I don't do on my note, and I like to highlight things off it.

Matthias Miller  1:14:35
Can we try again? Sure. Can we try again with the original invoice. Yeah, yeah. What was up with that? I think it must have been something with your bank, not liking not liking me, or something. I'm not sure exactly.

Matthias Miller  1:14:58
Here. Oh, here, let me.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:05
Here.

Matthias Miller  1:15:15
See You.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:35
Oh, here,

Speaker 2  1:16:01
Here, that's The I

Unknown Speaker  1:16:49
yeah, I'll Leave that.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:59
Is right.

Matthias Miller  1:17:04
Okay, so give it 30 seconds for the Undo Send to send it, and then there's a link. There's a PDF with a link inside the PDF. Okay, cool. And if you run into any issues, just text me and I'll issue another stripe invoice. We can just do that way, if that's

Unknown Speaker  1:17:26
okay. But, yeah, no, I'll try this one as soon as I get it.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:39
Okay, well, it'll eventually come. I'm sure.

Matthias Miller  1:17:42
Okay. I mean Yeah, sounds good. If not, yeah, okay, I'll text you. Sounds good. Well, thank you. Bye, thanks. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai