Unknown Speaker  02:20
Good morning. Can you hear me? Yes,

Joel Zook  02:28
I can hear you. Can Hear me, I can All right. Sounds good, well, good to meet you. Yes, same,

Speaker 1  02:35
sorry, sorry. Had to run late this morning. I know that.

Joel Zook  02:40
Oh, man, like anything. Yeah, I'm sure you've been in situations where you're I got a call, like, until nine Eastern, 10 till seven my time, and I was like, alright, we can knock it out quick. Be a problem. I'm sure you've had your share of like, that's all good. That's part of life. I appreciate it, alright. Well, this is, I just want to start this conversation by saying I'm I'm probably going to ask a bajillion questions, and this is not a, I don't know what, hopefully you don't feel intimidated by it, and I'm not trying to whatever like we're just trying to look at things from all angles and figure out how to do things better and see where there's opportunity to to dig in and improve. So yeah, and so, and I am recording this, but just to make it easier, to take notes. It's going to be put together into report. If there's anything that, I mean, I can't if there's any criminal activity report, whatever. Oh, no, I'm joking on that, but, like, I'm not trying to. Most of this stuff is going to be anonymized. If there's something that that you, for some reason, don't feel comfortable having your name on it. I just let me know I don't really anticipate anything like that, whatever. It's just, we're just, I'm just again, not trying to, yeah, I think, I think you get it, yep. So I want to, I want to just talk through a bit bit of the sales process. And I think probably the easiest thing, simple thing to to start with, is just kind of walk me through, how are leads coming into you right now, and what's your process like, like, first of all, where do they come in, and what's the first thing that happens for you?

Speaker 1  04:38
Yeah, so most of the leads that I get are walking customers, I would say probably upwards, 75 80% are walking customers, all right,

Joel Zook  04:55
and because you guys are also doing, doing some marketing, is that does. To get dished out to the dealers. Or do you get some of those? Not

Speaker 1  05:04
exactly sure how that all gets dished out. I guess the bet the downside to the way the process is done is there is not one specific person that gets the leads. It gets sent to an email, and then Rich will divide that out and forward the forward those emails. The downside is, some of those leads are two or three days old when I get them, yep, and so I think that's why, from a sales standpoint, the majority of what we actually close is walking customers, because by the time we make contact with the online lead, it's, it's ready, stale, right?

Joel Zook  05:44
That's a little tough to Yeah. I don't know if you've heard his little random side. I don't know if you've heard but different, different folks have to say different things. But some folks are saying there's a guy who actually hires somebody full time, and her only job, she can do whatever she wants all day long. Her only job is as soon as Lee comes in, she's got 60 seconds to get him called back. Yeah, so she's spending all her little I mean, she's getting paid to basically handle just a few calls a day, but she's got to get Johnny on the spot when it happens.

Speaker 1  06:19
I think that's for the majority of what our leads are with our business for online, I think if you could have that contact made within the first 45 minutes to an hour, you'd be okay, yeah, but that's not the way it's done. So maybe there's been talk of changing some of that stuff, but it's not that's a long term goal, I think. So,

Joel Zook  06:47
yeah, that makes sense. And so walking the lot, what's the or, let's just say, somebody pulls on the lot, what walk me through from there.

Speaker 1  07:01
So I have cameras set up on my lot. I can kind of watch everything that that happens. So when a customer pulls in, if they come to the if they come pull into the office here and park, I'll get out and talk to them right away. If it makes you not coming in, if they come inside, great. If they don't, they start walking from the office, just walking around. I go out and make contact with them right away, if they pull in and immediately start driving circles around the lot. We have about three and a half acres here, so there's quite a few buildings. They can go look at different ones, and I watch the camera until they stop. Once they stop and get out of their vehicle, then I'll head out and talk to them if I see that they're getting ready to leave just by driving a couple loops. I try, doesn't always happen, but I try to get out there and at least hand them a business card before they leave. Yeah, so I like it, and how that works. Now I don't know how the other deal would do it. That's, that's, that's,

Joel Zook  07:58
I like it, man. I mean, it's, it works, it works. And, and, okay, and so, so you talk them through, and they're typically out there, you'll, you'll ask them a little bit what they're looking for. Yep,

Speaker 1  08:13
try to, try to build that, that quick rapport of, hey, I'm here to help. What do you need? You have a certain size, you're looking for certain style doors. Do you want me to walk around with you? Do you want me to point you in the direction go back in the office, instead of your hair? Just kind of, kind of build that, you know, the first two minutes, build, that first impression and and then from there, you know, whatever they prefer, will go with that.

Joel Zook  08:39
Yeah, that makes sense. And then, so, so then, let's say they, they, they, if they're walking around, you'll try to catch them again before they leave. I'm guessing. And otherwise, eventually, you, you, you figure out what they need once they're pretty subtle on it, or settle on a couple options or something, bring them into the office. And do you do your do you then bring them into the office and do their quotes? Or what does that look like? As far as

Speaker 1  09:10
I try to so we should probably do a better job here. I believe we do our quotes. If the customer comes in and and once a quote on a specific building that's sitting here on sales lot, I'll just print out the sheet to them, not even put their name, phone number on. Just print it out, write the price on if there's a sale, hand it to them and say, there you go. So if we're trying to track leads, it doesn't happen because we don't have their name, phone number, right? But I'm, I'm of the opinion that for walking customers doing a follow up call is not as critical as it is on an online Yeah,

Joel Zook  09:55
have you tested it? I know I may be okay. No, it's fine. I'm not. I'm just curious. Is

Speaker 1  10:02
what I see is the people that are here in person are, most times, locals, that are going to go to the 5678, different dealers in the county. They're going to find the cheapest price, and they're going to go with that, whether I call them back or not. Yeah, I may be completely wrong. I don't know. Fair enough. Oh, maybe we should try. I don't know, but that's yeah, pull them into the pull them in the office. Give them type work, answer any questions. If they want to design their own, then it's the computer system requires name, phone number, yeah, and just try to go that way. And I'm also a very laid back salesman, is when it comes to trying to push sales. I I'm, I'm the type of person that if I'm buying something, I want no pressure on me, and so that to others that way, yeah, they want to. I maybe once a month to ask somebody if they're ready to buy. I usually let them tell me that's not, not going to do it, that's, that's my personality. I guess whether that's right or wrong, I don't know, but I make money, so

Joel Zook  11:15
that is one thing that's hard to argue with. I hear, I literally hear folks on both sides of the camp. And some folks are like, and I kind of tend to lean on this is like, you look at, well, I can personally, personally go both sides. The one thing I 110% agree with is that people these days are super, super sensitive to sales pressure. Oh yeah, yeah. Like, it's, it's like the days of Brian Tracy and all of those things, those days are gone and and all gone. There is a point in which there's a space for life is busy. People have a million things on their minds, and it probably depends a little bit on an area and culture. But I know around here, it's like, especially some of these, what we've seen some of these folks are just, they've got 1,000,001 things going on, and they want it to happen. It's just get distracted by everything. So that's, that's like the counter argument for, for, I guess, maybe not pressure, proactive, but where that line No, and

Speaker 1  12:33
I'm, I try to be very you can. You can tell very quickly by the by the customer's personality in the comments that they make, whether they're going to be buying right now, or if it's something that's like two or three months, yeah. And if it's somebody that's wanting to buy right away, I'll try to to ask questions and make comments that would push towards making the sale today, but not outright say that, yep, yep. That makes sense. That type of thing. If you buy it today, your lead time is 10 business days. So that's puts us at X date. What's your time frame look like? Does that fit things like that, where I'm not outright asking them, Hey, let's go into the office. You want to put the money down right now.

Unknown Speaker  13:22
But here, here's the scenario.

Joel Zook  13:24
Yep, exactly, exactly. All. Right, so then you customer makes a payment. Did you have any any idea what percentage cash, cash versus RTO sales, what you do?

Unknown Speaker  13:43
I don't. I don't.

Speaker 1  13:46
I would say, probably, I don't know. I have to go back and look at that. There's a good chunk of it is cash sales, but it kind of goes at spurts. Some weeks we write more RTO than we do cash sales. So I don't, I don't know what the percentage would be on that that's fine.

Joel Zook  14:10
How do you typically, how do you typically guide them through the RTO conversation?

Speaker 1  14:19
Well, in our area, if they are on RTO, they're the type of people that need the cheapest payment possible. So I'll ask them if they want RTO or cash sale at times. But most people will go out. You'll talk to building prices. Okay, what can I get for this per month tells you right away, it's an RTO So, and then basically do the math form this is, this is what you're looking at per month for 60 months. And we can add an insurance if you want to, like the liability damage waiver, and they sound good with that. That's all the further the conversation goes. I don't if they don't ask what their what the interest rate is about

Joel Zook  15:07
that, right? I mean, you're just selling adult monthly payment, which is, anyway,

Speaker 1  15:12
it's the contracts the RTO company we use, they highlight what amount they have a big, bold breakdown of what it's going to be, what your interest payments are going to be. They can read the contract. They can they can do that. I always try to make sure that I tell the customer, if they start getting a little nosy about the interest rates, or even if, even if they're asking about, start pulling the phone, doing the math, whatever, you can pay it off early, put your bonuses, your your tax returns, anything like that, towards it that goes directly to the principal, save you a lot of money. If you can pay this 60 month contract off in two years, you will save a lot of money. Then you're not that bad off. Yep, yep. Most people, I'd say, the majority of their contracts we write get paid off early.

Unknown Speaker  16:03
That's really interesting.

Unknown Speaker  16:07
Now I don't have science to prove that.

Unknown Speaker  16:10
I would, happens quite a bit

Joel Zook  16:16
that would. That's a really interesting number to think of from the RTO site, all right, and then process the orders, Sign, sign the RTO contractor, if there is any takes down payment. And at that point, I'm guessing production sees it in production. And how often does do things come back to you, Hey, Joe, what's up with this, this thing over here? Or even customers saying, hey, what's what's up with the building, or anything like that?

Speaker 1  16:55
It happens. It happens every week, quite a bit, not from the not from the production, not from the well, I guess it all depends some, sometimes, sometimes, there is quite a bit of back and forth with RTO companies on certain contracts with production, with it being A standard order, they do a pretty good job with with the amount that we sell to not have a bunch of bunch of feedback from the customer waiting some customers, they put the money down. They expect the building next day, and that's not going to happen. You tell them 10 business days, and they're still asking three days. That's I try to keep notes on the orders pretty good to where production and delivery doesn't have to contact me about follow ups on questions. Try to get loading instructions up front for the cut for the drivers and and make it as easy as I can for them that way.

Matthias Miller  18:00
And that's all going on the shut app, is that, right? When you submit it,

Speaker 1  18:03
most of that is in the show we have. We have some products here that we don't run through the shed app, sure. We just run through our EBMs software and and then just email the dispatcher, yep, for the majority of it would be through the shit

Joel Zook  18:18
app. All right, what are the types of RTO question back and forth that that you'd be getting

Unknown Speaker  18:24
so

Speaker 1  18:30
well like this, like this morning, I had an email when I came in, wrote up a contract over the phone on on Saturday. Customer is not going to come in till later today to sign the paperwork in person. He doesn't want to do it over email. The RTO company is asking, Hey, what's up with this? Well, give me a few minutes. He's coming in today. We'll get it settled. We'll get it signed to you. We just switched to a new RTO company about two months ago, so I've been working out the bugs, working hard on that, trying to get little things here and there situated. So there's been, it feels like I say there's been a lot of back and forth companies, probably because the last two months have been fixing all the bugs. That makes sense. Otherwise, it's normally not that big of a DUI. You should let sign the contract, submit it, send them, send the invoice right away to the RTO company, and then try to stay out of it, let them deal with the customer directly. That makes

Joel Zook  19:29
sense. That makes sense. That's that's excuse the new company. All right. All right, and well, from there, it's out of your hands about how many buildings are you? Obviously, this is seasonal. I get it, but a year, a month or a week, would kind of

Speaker 1  19:55
I wish my reporting on Shut up changed, and I'm not sure how to tell how many buildings. Get,

Speaker 2  20:08
get sold here. I used to be able to tell figure out how to get that. I

Joel Zook  20:23
you hit the little on the process order chart, there's a little funnel. If you hit that, you can change the y axis to that's not it. Wait

Speaker 1  20:33
there the Y axis. But it's not anymore. That's weird.

Matthias Miller  20:38
Why would you not want to know? Count

Unknown Speaker  20:42
little? No. Square footage, length and count.

Matthias Miller  20:53
Okay, that's just I

Unknown Speaker  21:15
I don't know Fair enough.

Unknown Speaker  21:21
As far as sales wise,

Unknown Speaker  21:30
let's go year to date.

Speaker 1  21:36
Last year, we sold 726,000 through this location. Okay, now that's only on Shut up that does not include carports, gazebos, playhouses, dog kennels, rabbit hutches, outdoor furniture, things like that are not run through shed app, so

Joel Zook  21:59
just i Hey, hand wavy numbers, which one of these is the biggest? Okay, sheds are still your biggest percentage volume. So that's what percentage is sheds? Oh, goodness,

Speaker 1  22:12
80. I don't know. I'd say probably 80% or more.

Joel Zook  22:23
And then, which of the others is the biggest of the what's left? All right, that's like another 1515,

Speaker 1  22:33
10 that you're making up. Them picking on hairs there, I don't know. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  22:39
And then, from and then

Joel Zook  22:43
the, I mean, the consumers would also have the had the biggest potential as far as money in them, probably

Speaker 1  22:51
yes. And no, we don't. So if I sell, if I sell eight or 10 a year, I'm doing good. Okay? It's not, it's not a very, not a very high moving product. For some reason, I like all the fancy vinyl ones, and nobody wants to pay money for them. I

Unknown Speaker  23:11
don't know that's that's possible.

Joel Zook  23:17
All right, so good. How many, how many years have you been doing this? I

Speaker 1  23:23
started here at this location in June of 2323 Alright, I've worked for the company since 2012 but I was different departments and stuff. So got it.

Joel Zook  23:36
Tell me. Tell me what it was like. What was your first day on the job like? How'd you hit the ground running. I

Speaker 1  23:42
hit the ground running by myself with no training. Oh, it was a nightmare. Oh, it was terrible. June, so you know, it's not cold and slow. June slows down a little bit, but for the first two months, man, I'm telling you, I was so lost down here. Nolan was the guy that was doing it before, and he had done it for years. He still worked for the company, but he's now doing garage doors for us, and so I still had him to call, and I think he probably got fed up with the amount of calls and questions I had. Hey, what do you do on this? How does this work? What's the process for this, basically, it was any training I got was was done over the phone. It was a little rough now, being with the company and having sold sheds before with the other the other office that I was working at was mainly focused on roofing metal, but I did sell sheds, walking customers there every once in a while. So I was familiar with how she app sales process when I actually set up the majority of shit app went out before I ever got into the sales part of it. So I was familiar with the ins and outs of shit app. But it's still the little questions on Who do you call for this problem? How do you sell a bill? And that's not on Shut up. What's the process for this and this and that? Who'd I order this replacement stock from there's, yeah, yep, all those things is pretty wild, for sure. I'm glad I'm where I'm at now.

Unknown Speaker  25:19
And all this

Joel Zook  25:21
stuff still continues to live in your head, and it's not really anywhere else, or is any of it written down or,

Speaker 1  25:30
well, it's pretty much in my head. I've, I've got a part time guy here works one day a week for me, that way, at least get a day off. I probably did the same thing to him. So,

Joel Zook  25:52
fair enough. Do you? Have you taken, have you gotten any sales training through the company? Have you done anything on your own? I me.

Unknown Speaker  26:03
No, I started sales in the company when I was 17, so kind of just do it as you go and and learn from your mistakes. And,

Speaker 1  26:20
yeah, I don't, I don't claim to be an expert at it, but I've done it for many years, and they haven't fired me yet. So

Matthias Miller  26:33
that's usually a good sign.

Unknown Speaker  26:40
Let's see, do you have any

Joel Zook  26:43
kind of do you guys have any kind of sales meetings, weekly, monthly, anything like that,

Unknown Speaker  26:49
about once a year.

Matthias Miller  26:53
Then what does that look like?

Speaker 1  26:57
It? It consists of all the barn dealers getting together in a big conference room, and they present all the updates and have breakfast and go home.

Unknown Speaker  27:10
It's not off the record here. That's something that should be very much fixed in the

Speaker 2  27:20
company. Okay? I Is

Joel Zook  27:27
it fair to say, Well, so, I mean, just to give you a picture, well, let me ask this question. First, got too many thoughts trying to get out of my mouth. Is I mean, is it fair to say you end up feeling pretty, or you could end up feeling pretty, pretty, alone and disconnected in your role from,

Unknown Speaker  27:42
oh yes, definitely.

Joel Zook  27:49
So one of the things that I did this is a small manufacturer. They were doing, they didn't they were doing a inside sales model, not a not a dealer model. We had, we had weekly meetings. And my goal with that, first of all, I mean, the way we structured it, we had, I was not involved in the goal setting. In this case, that drove me a little crazy, because when it comes to, well, goal setting is a whole other that's a whole other conversation. For some guys, it's really helps a lot. And other guys, you remind me of the kind of guy who's like, look, I'm going to squeeze all the juice out of the orange whether you give me a goal or not. So like, having a big fat number over, hanging over my head isn't really going to like, no, it's just a number not

Unknown Speaker  28:46
gonna change the way I do things, necessarily, yeah,

Joel Zook  28:50
but at least having visibility into what's what's what's happening, what's working, what's not working, celebrating wins, you Know, and just just some chance to connect to some energy, and then also just one of the big things that we got out of it was there's a lot of conflict. It wasn't huge. It was just kind of low grade conflict between sales guys and owner and production and like, delivery and like, why like stuff falling, like, falling through the cracks and all this other kinds of stuff. And I'm not suggesting that's here, but having just a little bit of a check in to to like, let's, let's, let's get, let's get, let's clear roadblocks. Let's, let's make sure that folks got what you need. I

Unknown Speaker  29:45
think that would be very beneficial. There's, there's a lot of, I don't know how much feedback you want,

Matthias Miller  29:55
anything you want to give, so I.

Speaker 1  30:00
Someone recently asked me, how we how I feel, how much I feel supported from management as a dealer, and it's not very much. And I think the biggest problem is they would, they would refer to me as their lead salesperson or senior sales person, however you want to call that. I'm not, definitely not been doing it as long as some of the other guys, but I know the computer programming for Shut up if there's a shed at problem, if they can't get hold of anybody else, I'm the first person they call. If there's an issue with anything like that. I get called for that. So there's, there's not a set sales manager role, yeah, but a lot of that falls on to each individual dealer to just kind of try to make up as they go. And that's not healthy for a company. Yeah, there needs to be someone that has the vision for the sales for sheds. I'm not talking to sales for the other departments, right? Typically, for the sheds, there's needs to be one guy that feels that pulse every day, that that runs the sales, that that answers the questions when there's difficulty, that that takes care of conflict with customers that can't be resolved by the salesperson right now, Rich is general manager. He's way too busy for that. Half the time you can't get a hold of him. The next person that anybody calls is the production manager, and he should not be involved at all with customer conflict, running sales, pricing, custom buildings, all those things that that a sales manager should be doing

Joel Zook  31:47
well and add add to that. Sorry, I'm kind of interrupting, but like a production manager, what makes a guy good at a be at a production manager is not what makes him good at solving customer conflicts. 100%

Speaker 1  32:01
100% you I mean, it's great. He puts his heart into it, man. I mean, that guy, he's not complaining. I just sitting back for the last year and a half, two years now, looking at this Nolan, the guy that I replaced was that guy you called for majority of the problems you called him for questions. He was the guy he left. I took over his office. I didn't get put into that title, but everybody still calls this location. And I'm not complaining. I would. I mean, maybe you I would love to do that like that would be. I mean, I've been with the company long enough, I know what the company's goals are, even though they're not wrote down. I know what what can and can't be done things like that. But there needs to be someone that that is that person. And you know, for example, I'm running a sale right now on all my inventory buildings. I honestly have no idea if any of the other sales lots are doing anything with sales. I have no idea when this sale was supposed to end, so I haven't asked. I'm just running the sale. And until they say, Hey, why are you selling the buildings on sale? I'm going to run it on sale there. There is there. I have no leadership from that. And if it was just, hey, put this building on sale, put this zero, this model, this year, model on sale, and this percentage, and send it. Okay. How long? Nobody knows.

Joel Zook  33:40
All right, we're gonna crank is then, then what

Speaker 1  33:44
happens to the customer that goes and shops at all or five different locations and he ends up down here and says, Oh, I can get a sale there when it's in the backyard of the dealer. That's not right?

Matthias Miller  33:54
No, that's not, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  33:59
Um, I ran for the day. Sorry, I didn't mean to overload you there. You're not

Joel Zook  34:03
overloaded. I joke sometimes it's kind of a joke. It's kind of true, even with some of my friends who are in business. I'm like, I sometimes joke that I'm the Business therapist, like, I take everybody's crap and I mean, I don't mind. It doesn't get me down.

Unknown Speaker  34:22
I'm not complaining. Don't. Don't get me wrong. Yeah,

Joel Zook  34:24
I don't. I don't take it like that. I think it's just honest perspective. Are you open? Would you be open to me mentioning the idea in some way? Well, actually, no, I have one other question before I get there. Talk to me a little bit. You're talking a little bit, but could we flesh out a little bit of what your vision? Your vision would be for for sales, for sales manager, role, for bringing the dealers together, for like, do you? So part of it is, part of it is kind. Getting location, locations on the same page with with sales, and I don't know what,

Speaker 1  35:13
so I think I followed your question there, and I think that that what would be ideal is to have a person, whether it's me or someone else, that

Unknown Speaker  35:28
is available,

Speaker 1  35:31
to be the sales manager and not necessarily have a role in walk in sales. Maybe that sales manager can also take all the online leads and be that that person, but that's pretty much the extent of it, unless he is specifically covering for someone on vacation. But then have that person be available to answer any call, anytime throughout the day and on Saturdays, that's the big thing. Saturdays is a busy day for us, but no management is around, right? Have that person be available to answer the call. And also have that person be responsible to go around to each location. We have 12345, locations that are considered our own, and then we have a bunch of consignment dealers, but have that person go around maybe every every other week, to a location, sit down with the sales people. What's the problems you're having? Are you having to run into something on Shut up that we can resolve? Do you have the inventory you need here? The gazebos, we order the dog kennels. We order those get made in the same location, get shipped down here. So now the question is, do I order the load? Does the other location order the load? How do we split the load? Have that person just take care of all those issues and kind of just cover that role of being that support for the frontline dealer, not necessarily have a role himself being that dealer,

Joel Zook  36:59
right? And I mean, isn't there? There's also likely, this is getting a little heady, but I was reading from a guy, and he was talking about the most valuable information in any organization is its information, and most of it is hidden in the heads of lots of people who aren't talking to each other. So just, just like, what you described as your process, I'd be willing. I probably bet, if I were a betting person, I probably bet 100 bucks that somewhere there's a dealer who's who's sitting in his in his or her office and, like, isn't following that kind of a process to be that proactive and getting out, getting out with people and and maybe that's true. It's just five dealers, or with five year old dealers, it's but, but somewhere there's,

Speaker 1  37:53
I just had a customer just last week that set up into five locations. You're the first one to come out and talk to me.

Matthias Miller  37:59
No, well, that's a problem.

Matthias Miller  38:09
Well, I guess I have. I get to keep

Speaker 1  38:12
my 100 bucks. I would assume that I know one of them was one of our other locations, but I would have seen some of the others were not right. Still, that idea, you're right. Not everybody follows the same process.

Joel Zook  38:25
What? And I know I mean, just again, pulling stories from other places. I know one, one lady man, she can make friends, friends with anybody, and her number one goal is, I'm going to get them to laugh within the first two minutes of talking to each other. So she shows up, she's joking with them, cracks a joke, whatever that was, her thing. Um, another one of the of the guys was like, Look, and he's like, complete opposite. He's like, I call him like a debt collector said you came looking for a shed for a reason, and until you tell me you don't want it, that reason still is a good reason why you need a shed. And I'm I'm going to, like, we're going to figure out what that is, until you tell me no. And so doesn't mean everybody has to do the same thing, but when you've got people as islands, that stuff doesn't

Unknown Speaker  39:09
just gets lost. All right? I

Speaker 1  39:27
and other thing that the sales manager could could take over, depending on who it is and how computer tech savvy they are, is our online advertising and things like that. Right now, we impact marketing, a chunk of money to do the online advertising, and part of that is running our Facebook page and Instagram and things like that. And no offense to those guys. They do not know what they're doing when it comes to sheds. I mean, couple weeks ago, they were advertising a shed company in Colorado on our. Our Facebook page. They advertised their shed, playing it as ours.

Speaker 1  40:17
They're all the time advertising warranties that don't even exist or are incorrect years things like that. Okay, have a sales manager. Hey, keep a close tab on that. If, if he's not going to be the guy to put, put those posts up, review every post that goes out there. Make sure. Yes, we can still pay them to do it. They get the they have their their algorithms and things in the background with the website that we don't want to lose, but have somebody check on that. I have people screenshot them and mess send it to me and be like, Hey, what's up with this? Okay, that's not good. Have that guy review every post before it goes out. But

Joel Zook  40:52
then who's and when that happens, that's, is that a text to rich say, Hey, rich, you gotta really get with the impact, get this cleaned up. Or it's just, well, not much to do, or what happens with it. We

Speaker 1  41:04
know what happens. I mean, I send Richard a message every time I see it be like, really, and I don't know what happens after that. Don't it's not my department. I just figured exactly, I think the salesman, a sales manager role would not be specific to one job. It's the jack of all trades, guy that's good at what he does, knows the company in and out. You can't just hire somebody off the street say, be the sales manager. You gotta pull somebody that knows what they're doing and is comfortable dealing with the confrontation that you're going to get from some of our sales team. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  41:44
Did you mind that?

Speaker 1  41:46
Say? Again, you don't mind that? Well, my wife probably does more because I get stressed out about it at home.

Speaker 1  41:59
I had before this was office manager for for the production on the metal side, the sales manager for that side. And I had, I had one or two employees under me that did not, to this day, do not like listening to things that I say. I don't know what, what the where the ego comes from with them. But when I took this job down here within two weeks. My wife said you are a completely different person because you don't have the stress. So wow, I think she would probably mind it more than I would. Yeah, I would love to do that type of job. That's That's me, give me the computer stuff to figure out, give me the let me solve the problems.

Unknown Speaker  42:35
Yeah,

Joel Zook  42:39
I like it well, even that, I'm not trying to say you're the wrong guy for the job, even that kind of stuff, you can Well, part of the issue there is previously, like, man, there's not a good way to solve this problem without moving you some somewhere else, or having to come to Jesus moment with them and and it might be them needing to go find some other other place to be productive.

Speaker 1  43:09
Well, I think, I think probably the reason I got moved to this job was not necessarily for a failure at being a manager. It was the location here, Nolan was done. He was burned out anymore. The other guy, they had retired. This location needed to be manned. It's five minutes from my house. It's it's right close to the fire department I'm on for daytime calls. It was a perfect fit. It was the perfect and I think that's why, but they they offered it to me. It wasn't a forced thing. So yeah, yeah, and yeah, I follow what you're saying. Yep,

Joel Zook  43:52
all right. Most reasons people don't well when somebody walks up to you and Do people ever ask you why you guys instead of the guys down the road?

Joel Zook  44:13
Oh, sorry, time out. One question. Do you mind if I put a bug in Rich's ear about just mention that might be something you're interested in, or is that overstepping? Oh,

Speaker 1  44:22
I don't care. Okay, I don't care what happens with that. Yeah, whatever, whatever works, however it can be worded to where it doesn't look like I'm trying to pop jobs and think I'm the best fit for it, because sometimes my personality probably doesn't clash. Clashes a little bit with rich and just

Joel Zook  44:50
to help me understand how to frame it, i. Gary, are you able to put words to how he looks at the world differently

Unknown Speaker  45:07
than you do? Sorry, I didn't hear I didn't can

Joel Zook  45:09
you? Can you? Can you? Do you have words to describe? Like, it's like, rich looks at the world through these this lens, and you look at it from this lens. Do you have words for what those lens are?

Speaker 1  45:17
I don't. I don't, for the most part, we see things fairly sane. But there are a few. There are a few things he he views it a lot more on the side of the bottom dollar, because his of his role as general managers make the business run. And I get that, and I look at it a lot more of what can be in the conversation that we've just had, what, what can be done to ease the stress and the and remove the burnout for the salesperson. And obviously you still have to make money, but build our reputation. A company can only be as good as the reputation that they have. Yeah, we can make all the money in the world and do one bad thing, and all of a sudden you're out business. You've got to keep that reputation up. So what are, what are we doing to help our sales people, keep that reputation the sale, and we keep that for everybody, make everybody on the same page, so that the reputation doesn't feel like, well, you got a roar treat versus Bluefield, you're going to have a completely different experience, right?

Matthias Miller  46:44
Well, here's where it translates. The bet.

Joel Zook  46:56
The best salespeople that I've seen are sometimes a little bit of kind of a diva sales is, and I've also heard it said, I don't know if you resonate with this, but sales is where people go to when they're too emotional to make any other job work.

Unknown Speaker  47:21
Okay, I've never heard that

Joel Zook  47:24
before, and suddenly all the emotion is good. I care about how you feel. I can figure out how you feel. I can work you in this direction. We can get and there's some goal motivation too. That's got to be part of it. But, but you're, you're working in this, in this, in this, in this space, I'm just

Unknown Speaker  47:49
don't know, Don I'm not

Joel Zook  47:52
putting that down as a rule, but there's but the thing that makes somebody, somebody good at sales, like You said, You pointed this out, is different than what makes somebody good as a GM, but there is an element in which a sales manager, maybe, if we had a sales manager who really was good at motivating people, get them amped up and and just just Having them be happy and excited for the day for the week, that's going to translate into bottom line dollars.

Speaker 1  48:27
Oh, yeah, 100% so, and I think what you mentioned earlier when you asked about about goals and incentives for us, we have none of that. So if I sell one building this week, the only benefit I get is my paycheck. I sell 10 buildings this week, better paycheck. That is the only thing that motivates me to come to work, is paycheck. There is no laid out goal of, hey, if you hit 30 buildings this this month, we'll give you a $500 bonus. Or if, if we sell so much a quarter dollar wise, we'll take you guys on a fishing trip some weekend or whatever. There is no goal at all for any of that, for the sales team, yep. So,

Joel Zook  49:24
man, having having a group goal for the dealers, like, Look, if fishing trips is something they're all everybody's into, I just group that out. But, yeah, I mean, I'm not saying that's the right thing, but something like that, if they're all into that, and like, we're working together to go hit this number, and let's go figure out how to help each other hit that number. And guys are on the same page, same team. Let's start a WhatsApp group or something, and and you guys, you guys, send out, you know, send out something every time, every time you land something or whatever, like you. Like, let's, let's cheer each other on. Like that could be really beneficial to if it were me trying to sell in your shoes, I'd be sitting there bored until somebody actually showed up to talk to so

Speaker 1  50:18
it happens, I have enough of other roles with the company that keep me busy most of the time, but

Unknown Speaker  50:30
it happens. So

Joel Zook  50:34
the paycheck is the big thing is, there is, there's any other motivation that would say, hey, I want to wake up and show up and get things done today, besides just paycheck that you get added to your life, either in the sales management role or just in your regular sales sales role. Do you know what that would be?

Speaker 1  50:59
I would say the goals, because I'm the type of person if I don't have that checklist to hit, that goal to hit for the day, I can very easily just roll by and do nothing, nothing of you know value to add to that. So I think having those goals in place for me would be, hey, let's get there. Let's do this, because there's a reason for doing something right now. If sales lot needs to be sprayed on the driveway and it doesn't get done today, well, who really cares? Because there's no there's no benefit to it, other than, yeah, it looks a little nicer when it's done. But if it's the thing of, hey, if I spray that and it looks good, it's more attractive to customers. I'll sell more buildings. I'll reach that goal of that reward that makes you do. I'm just using that as an example that that motivation, that's how I work. Yeah, I'm not sure that everybody sales in our sales team would feel that way, but

Unknown Speaker  52:02
Right? No, yeah, yeah, makes sense.

Joel Zook  52:13
I'm going to jump through a whole bunch of all right, sorry. Then I backtrack and start asking the question. I thought this was a good one, but then I stopped myself, but when people say, Why you guys, Do people ever ask you, why you guys? Why your where your building's different or

Speaker 1  52:31
doesn't happen very often, honestly, okay, if it does. See we're premier building solutions. There's a manufacturer across town five minutes up throat, that's premier portable buildings. So we get confused a lot. Just the other day, I had somebody over there to call and say, Hey, I'm here, and they were over there. Hey, gotta come a couple more miles of the road. So that happens more. The confusion happens more with the names, rather than, hey, what's the difference in your buildings? Yeah, and, and I'm one I've always been taught by, by the by both bosses that we've had here. Never talk down competition. I will not talk down anybody. I'll point out what we have better. You know, hey, we have an extra runner in the floor. We've got 12 inch on center instead of 16 inch on this building, or whatever it be. Whereas I know they don't have that, and that's why their prices might be different, never that 100% and then that's kind of the method I try to approach that with, yeah, I like

Joel Zook  53:47
it. What are the common reasons people say, No, I mean, is it mostly just when they're priced shopping and somebody else is running a deal or has a little cheaper option, that's

Unknown Speaker  53:56
that's the majority of

Matthias Miller  54:01
the time. Do you get higher end customers? Well better to do

Speaker 1  54:09
every once in a while? Yes. Doesn't happen a lot. Just month or two ago, I sold a sold a couple buildings to a lawyer out of Texas. She's moving in the area, so money running out of rears has no to do with it all, literally buying things up. She's gonna take up the gains. That does not happen very often, yeah, but we'll see it sometimes. Is

Joel Zook  54:36
that because that demographic isn't in your area, or is that because they're buying it somewhere else,

Unknown Speaker  54:44
they're not buying sheds. Okay?

Speaker 1  54:49
The answer to that, I would say that there's some here for sure, not not as much as as some places. Yeah, I would say that's the lower percentage than. Some other locations that I know of, but I say, I say, See, I don't, I don't always know the high end customers. How do you tell when they're

Speaker 2  55:13
up again customer? That is also really good question. Some guys that

Speaker 1  55:17
come in here and they're like, hey, that building's $27,000 here's the cash. Let's pay for it. Okay, you got money? Are you a high end customer? Well, okay, technically, yes, but inner vehicles they're

Joel Zook  55:33
getting off in rabbit hole. There's a guy, this guy, who did a bunch of research on millionaires. He used the term. He wrote a book called, I think The Millionaire Next Door or something. And he talked about what he calls cowboy millionaires. So the surest way to know somebody's not a cowboy is if they have a huge cowboy, cowboy hat and an oversized belt buckle and cowboy boots like that's how you know they're not. And he's like, it's not the guy most times that the really wealthy people drive up in this modest truck, you know, jeans, worn jeans, shirt, whatever like they're not looking they're not flashy, right, especially when they're up to generation. So that

Speaker 1  56:17
may be what we're having here, too. I don't know what. I don't try to pry into it too much. Yeah, they want to put it on rent. Don't if they want to pay it out, right? With credit card cash, I don't care.

Joel Zook  56:27
It's cash. Doesn't matter, all right? Much this stuff, my questions for frontline sales is better, man, we have. I was going to get through this way, fashion, this

Speaker 1  56:41
I've got really nothing much press. So as long, as long as you need to take it, you have time, we're good, all

Joel Zook  56:49
right. Sounds good. Well, holler. If that changes, or somebody shows up, i

Joel Zook  57:13
All right, so leads come in. How much do you email people back and forth after they've been in here, email or text and or is it mostly just,

Speaker 1  57:27
I just come back. I do very little. I do next to zero, follow up, yep, mostly because I don't have, we don't have a CRM program yet. I think we're Yep. Richie keeps telling me that we're working on one. So I don't know if that's what the process is on that, but I think if we had that, I would be a lot more apt to follow up. Right now, I have so much going on with walking customers the online that I do get. Most of those are stale, yeah, and, and some of the other things that I do for the company that I can't remember who to message and call back when I have no schedule for that. Yeah. So I think if we have a CRM in place that would improve that for me, I don't know the other sales teams, I don't know. Do you think

Joel Zook  58:20
the other folks have used CRMs, or do you do you know them well enough to know

Speaker 1  58:25
currently, three out of the five will not simply because they're old and well, the ones retiring on Tuesday, and then the The other one is quitting sometime soon. Don't know when go take another job. He's older, so he struggles with the computers, the way it is. And the other one that we've had for, goodness, 12 years or more, he's he's an older preacher you're going to find still working out there. And there's no way. I mean, he doesn't even do shit at stuff. He gets his daughter to enter everything for him. So right now, our sales team seems to be revolving over somewhat, and I'm hoping that my my goal would be to have the CRM program up and running and be familiar enough that when the new guy comes to replace these people, I can say this is how we do it. Train them in right away on that CRM, right off the gate, and have them up and running on that. And I think then it would be fine. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  59:35
yep, I agree. I have some thoughts too inside, hiring, hiring, hiring salespeople. That's good to have that awareness.

Unknown Speaker  59:48
See.

Joel Zook  59:52
All right, I should this is more conversation, but I. Yes, I had a sales guy who was, who was in a location like our dealer. Well, he was sales guy, technically in a location like you. He kept having trouble with his generator. One day I was going to visit him on site. It was like, it was bitterly cold, like bitterly cold. And I'm like, Why? Why in the world do we have trying to put a sales guy into this location. It's not getting walk ins. He's not doing well. He's freezing himself to death out there. So there's no weird like, I don't have internet, or I don't have electricity, or anything like that going on there. Is

Speaker 1  1:00:33
there? Well, no, not anymore. Got tired of that. There was, we have a pretty nice office building down here, and has the electrics hooked up to it, and they run fiber through here about a year and a half ago. So we finally switched to that before then it was awful. Oh my goodness. There was no fiber option. Was no dial up option that was worth doing anything. It was, it was, it was pretty awful. So we got that fixed with fiber optic. I think that made some of the other the other guys, jealous. They didn't have that for years. The other thing that we just did was, about a month ago, I installed a mini split unit down here, because we didn't have that. All we had was window AC units for the summer and little oil heaters for the winter, and it was forever more cold. I mean, you saw I took my jacket off. That would have not happened. I mean, we got 30 degree weather this morning during the winter. That would not happen. I had my coat on all day long. Toes were numb, stuff like finally, I was like, Look, my ACS and the window units are both bad. I have to go buy new ones. Can I just buy a mini split? I didn't even go through the general manager. I just went to the finance guy. Said, Is there money? There for it?

Matthias Miller  1:01:51
He said, Go for it. I was like, you

Speaker 1  1:01:53
know, what if I'm making the company, I mean, we run well over a million dollars in sales through here a year if I'm doing that for them, least they can do is give me some warm and cold air

Joel Zook  1:02:04
Exactly, exactly. Well, I think it's really hard to sell when you're thinking about trying to keep your body either melted down or freezing. So

Speaker 1  1:02:15
we had that. We've got it all pretty much resolved now, sweet All right,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:26
let's see,

Joel Zook  1:02:30
do you have any way of knowing how much the online advertising is actually getting people aware of your location, or how people find out about you? There's any way to measure that.

Speaker 1  1:02:40
There would not be any way to measure it, unless we were to send everyone a survey after we do a sale and and I guess if everybody wanted to, and the company wanted to know, you could do a a survey, send it to their email, offer a $25 gift card or whatever to fill out The survey. But no way to know Sure. I try to ask sometimes, just out of curiosity, when we're walking from one end to the other and there's nothing to talk about. Hey, how did you? How did you, what made you stop by here today? And most of it, most of it is my you sold building to our neighbor, or we just saw you from the interstate. Or I work right local here, and I know you guys hear that type of thing.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:23
Yeah, yep.

Joel Zook  1:03:27
How long are most folks? How long are you just out of Eric, you're asking, How long are you a lot with most folks?

Unknown Speaker  1:03:33
It's probably only 1520 minutes. Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:03:37
Now there's some customers that don't want me to go with them, and they'll be here for two or three hours just looking at every building that's available. That's a little odd, but it happens. Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:03:58
So the other thing that that I think would be, would be very nice with having a sales manager. If you were to stick them down here at my location, they could cover the overflow traffic, if that was ever needed. Saturday, I had nothing till 135 people in the driveway almost at the same time. I did not get talked to everybody because I could not reach around. Yeah, and if you had obviously a Saturday, probably the sales manager would work. But if you had that during the week, that guy could step out take care of one customer, that type of thing. Most of the other locations, well, there's one other location that has only one person. Some of the other locations have two or three people working at them, so they can kind of cover that themselves. Yeah, I'm probably the biggest one man dealer for the company. Put it that way, I. Of, is

Joel Zook  1:05:03
there a world in which it would make sense to for the sales manager to work, if it's sales manager, would be willing to, you know, I don't know, be off Wednesday, work, Saturday, or some, something along those lines.

Speaker 1  1:05:14
I think, I think it could, and that was, that's one of the big things that we that I, that I thought of when I first started down here was we're open six days a week, and I have to cover six days, yep, and I get paid a commission for what I sell, yep. So I can't just not work a day, because that affects the paycheck, yeah, affects the company. And if I want someone to work for me, which I now have, a guy that works one day a week, I pay him out of my pocket to work. Now, obviously gets run through the company. The company deduction my paycheck, and that way the tax stuff is all correct, but it's it costs me to not work and add that that sales manager that could, hey, I'm going to be gone for two or three days. Can you cover for me? Yeah, I'll just move my office and my laptop up there and work for you and cover rather than just being shut down, right, right. And when I have them work two Saturdays a month different locations to give people a break on Saturdays, that type of thing, I think would be very beneficial, yeah, because you know, being that sales manager, what we've discussed is not going to be a job where he's on the phone all day long every day, right? Yes, but he still needs to be available. If that phone call comes in, he's not tied up with three customers in a row. Can't get back to you for three hours,

Unknown Speaker  1:06:46
right? Yeah, yep.

Joel Zook  1:06:52
I thought was that Oh, I mean, man, even, even having a quota to say, Look, guys like you have, you can have as as many days off as you want to take a commission hit. I don't know if this is a thing. This is not, I don't even this. This is an unfiltered, unvetted idea. But having a look you get, you get five coverage days, 10 coverage days a year from your sales manager. You pick when you want them, and you schedule it out ahead. It's like a vacation day, except sales manager will come in and they'll close for you. They'll do sales for you. And presumably sales manager has is on some kind of salary and incentive program of some kind. And so you know, what you know is it, is it full commission, split commission, whatever, whatever that looks like. But still having that, I know I've got 10 days this year, and I can choose where, when do I want to I mean, if I'm going to be gone on a on a four day weekend, I want the sales manager work Friday and Saturday, but Monday, I just want to be closed. Because I I'd rather, I'd rather use that day for some other weekend when I'm gone, it's busy like, that's

Speaker 1  1:08:11
a phenomenal idea right there, because that would, and obviously it would have to work around the the sales manager schedule. If he's scheduled to be off, you can't, right? Force into work. But, yeah, that would be, that would be a phenomenal idea. And if he's on salary, there is no point in not giving full commission to the to the dealer. Yeah, I like that idea. You have any more goods like that?

Joel Zook  1:08:41
I don't know. I mean, I talked to one dealer, and the dude was the nicest guy in the world, and I was asking about, just talking to him about some of his stuff, and he was saying, he was saying, like, worst thing is he was the guy covering. So there's this guy who's trying to run this lot over here, and he needs it to work. And this guy over here takes off for a wedding, and he's over here for two days. And, I mean, it's, it's, it's a mess, because, as a dealer, you got your own, you got your own operation to run. And

Speaker 1  1:09:18
that's, that's where, I mean, the company is very okay with with just shutting down if it's needed. You know, I run fire calls during the day two hours. Nobody makes a fuss. This This fall, our youth groups asked us to go on a mission trip with them to Thailand. My part time guy can't cover for 10 days straight. He's got his own business that he runs. We're just going to close down. There is, there's people have to understand that I've got a life to live too outside of making money every day. And most people are okay with that, if it's good reason. You know, mission trip, fire call things like that. If I. The sales manager be like, Hey, you work two days and part time. Guy works the other five days, and we'll figure it out. You know, don't have that opportunity right now, and we just shut down, and it cuts into your profit the end of the year. But what do you do? I mean, you got life isn't life is not all about having a million dollars in a bank. I'd rather, I'd rather die for with memories than than a couple million in the bank. Yeah, yeah.

Joel Zook  1:10:32
I have a one of my mentors says, if you try to optimize your life for just one thing, you turn that one thing into a god. So if it's all about the money, that's where it goes. If it's all about the family, to be honest, it or all about the memories, that's that's not, that's not like you have to have a balance. You have to have a balance. It's we all got to figure out what that is for each one of us.

Speaker 1  1:11:02
And I wasn't trying to. So about family, that's,

Matthias Miller  1:11:06
that's, I didn't take it that way. I agree. I think

Speaker 1  1:11:12
I'm going too much the way it is. Yeah, that's the nice thing about my job. Five Minutes from the house, the kids show up whenever they want their wife shows up and there's nobody here. It doesn't matter. It's just family time. So

Unknown Speaker  1:11:27
I love it. I love it.

Matthias Miller  1:11:33
Okay, do you guys ask for referrals?

Speaker 2  1:11:36
Ask for referrals. Referrals. There is

Speaker 1  1:11:41
nothing in the company. That does. I have started my own little program down here, and I haven't seen results yet, where I give out a coupon for if somebody makes a sale, and I write a number on it, and it's a basically a coupon, if somebody turns in that coupon, the customer that turned it in gets $25 gift card. I'll send the original personal $25 gift card, just something to have some type of referral. Have not had anybody turn that in yet, so I don't know.

Matthias Miller  1:12:15
How long has it been going?

Speaker 1  1:12:18
Started that last fall. Okay, I keep forgetting to give out cards, so I probably don't do it near every customer, like I should

Joel Zook  1:12:26
if you got downtime or a kid, or your part time guy or kid who's got extra time or putting that anybody that you've forgotten. Little handwritten card, put their address on it little thank you note. So hey, man, I really appreciate it getting know you a little bit. I I'm really excited for your shed. I hope, hope you enjoying it's working well. Just as a little thank you, I wanted to pass this coupon along that you can give to any of your friends. So the land red note that they won't forget you enough for a long time. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:13:02
that's a good idea. Hadn't thought about that.

Matthias Miller  1:13:09
Or do you guys get all the cancelations?

Unknown Speaker  1:13:13
We don't,

Unknown Speaker  1:13:16
I don't, I don't know about the other dealers.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:22
I A 10 a year,

Matthias Miller  1:13:27
what's and most often, what? Why is it?

Speaker 1  1:13:29
I don't ask the reason for cancer. That's the reason. If it's, if it's an outright cash sale contract they sign says we keep the 10% deposit and depends on the time of the year and how desperate I'm to have money in my paycheck, I'll keep that so that guarantees my commission. If it's this time of year where we're making so much money, we don't know what to do with ourselves, I'm more than likely just giving that, that down, down payment back. You know, some of it I had. I had an interesting one last fall, an older lady and her son came in. They were looking at buildings. They were not planning to buy that day, but she found a building she liked it was on sale. She wanted it. Put a deposit down on it. The next day, she passed away. Her son called me. He's like, and I heard him when they walked out the door that he's like, Mom, you said you weren't going to buy today. It's my money. I wanted to buy it. So when he called me and said, Mom died, we need to cancel that, that order I will right away was like, Are you just trying to go behind her back and cancel results. You didn't approve the sale. He didn't want to buy it, so I made him bring him death certificate before I gave him his check back. And sure enough, she died next day. And that's crazy. Oh, that was a crazy one, right there. Wow. That building, because. I sold it to an older, an older guy later that think he had, he had some health issues and had to cancel, for some reason, on that same on that same building. So I finally got rid of it. I was glad to see it go.

Joel Zook  1:15:15
Actually. I Are you? Are you Facebook? I do use Facebook? Yes. In the shed sales professional, I posted, I don't know if you saw the thread the shed sales professionals, and I had a question about about some of the crazy stories. So you got time to kill? There's some interesting ones in there, but that's it's pretty close to you're pretty close to the top of the list.

Speaker 1  1:15:42
That situation. There's no way I'm holding back 10% I mean that if, if the customer I had one that I held back that vividly sticks out to me, he wanted to buy it. He was all about buying it. And I don't know what his race for canceling was, but he was very adamant about canceling that building. And I said, Well, I'm and I said, Well, I'm holding your deposit just because of his attitude to things. And then if you ever buy another building, I will give you credit from that deposit, towards that credit that that deposit is good for any sale, any purchase you make in the future. And it didn't say much, but he, he was very adamant about canceling that building. So you kind of read the customer, if you want what their financial situation is and

Unknown Speaker  1:16:30
things like that. So,

Joel Zook  1:16:33
yep, I have one guy. This is pretty bold. One guy was had a customer with an attitude, and he, he had offered him some kind of discount and and he just, he just straight up told him, he's like, sorry that that discount just went away. And he actually went ahead and still, still close to deal regardless.

Speaker 1  1:16:57
Well, my dad did that a couple times when he, when he run his own location, he told me stories. He did that to people too, where they were, they were pretty ignorant. He just flat out put their discount away and still sold things. So it happens, but, yeah, that's crazy. That's a little bolder than what I'd be I think

Joel Zook  1:17:19
take some bullets to make that happen. All right, good. Well, this is helpful. I think that's, I think that's, we covered a lot of territory. It's really, it's really helpful. Anything else you want to add? Or

Speaker 1  1:17:32
So, what are you doing for Richie? Like, what? What's the he told me, I'm just having a meeting with you, and here we are. But what? What is the

Joel Zook  1:17:41
the grand scheme is, so I'm, I'm looking at the business from from basically just a third party perspective. What are the systems in place, where the breakdowns were the opportunities? And I mean, just as a, basically, as a business consultant. I've been in the shit industry. I've been under the I've been trying to make myself more visible, but I've been under the radar since about 2016 in different ways, and I've also worked in a number of other industries. But that's, that's the big goal. Where's where are we? Where are we bleeding money unintentionally, or where can we double down and tighten things up and have things, have things work better? Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:18:33
I think we, what we've covered this morning is a pretty good feel on that. I think there's there's some, there's some, there's some things I'd like to see different with the shed app, in terms of talking with our accounting program. That was something that I had started the process of back in 2022 when I was still up there at the main office, was trying to get some of that integration work together. Actually would have been spring of 23 that's kind of feels like it got left in the dust when I left. Nobody's taken over. And I don't know there's one guy, but he's so busy with other things I don't it's not a priority to him right now, when I make a sale in the shed app, I have to print that paperwork out and enter it the second time into our accounting program. And if I don't do that, I don't get paid. That's how they that's how that's set up. So I would like to see that flow those programs talk back and forth. It was supposedly in the works, and it was, there was some problems with the integration, and it's kind of got left. So if we could have that process where everything gets run through shed app that would include the. Carports, the gazebos, the furniture, everything gets run through shed at then you'd get a true number on what each location is selling per year.

Joel Zook  1:20:11
Are the commission percentages the same old as they're different.

Speaker 1  1:20:18
The other thing, if you're if, now that I understand what, what the point of this meeting is,

Unknown Speaker  1:20:27
I don't know that it's happened, and I'm not going to accuse anyone, okay, I'm not going to accuse anyone of doing this.

Speaker 1  1:20:37
I've been suspicious at times, but it is very, very easy for me to steal money from the company, because all of our wood furniture, all of our Polish furniture, certain dog kennels, the gazebos, none of that is inventory tracked if you walk in with the cash. And if I'm, if I'm the type of person to steal money, which I've never done it, but it would be very easy for me to say, Hey, I'd give you a 25% cash discount. I pocket that cash, write up the order, send it to the dispatcher. He delivers the building. I delete that invoice out of out of the computer system, and walk with cash Paula furniture, hey, I'll load it on the back of your truck. Do a cash handwritten receipt for 25% discount. Nobody knows the difference. There is absolutely zero tracking on some of that stuff. Maybe that's something the sales manager could get a hold of and check, but it would be so easy to run with hundreds of 1000s of dollars and nobody would

Joel Zook  1:21:51
are there go ahead? It's kind of scary. It is kind of scary. Are there other holes in the finance process like this, did you think of

Speaker 1  1:22:12
I don't know. I think there is a little bit of a problem with pricing discrepancies from locations, right? Each sales location has the has their own, like wood furniture, outdoor furniture. My price is slightly different from the different from the other locations, and I don't know why. There is no set markup, percentage from cost, or anything like that. Things I think should be, should be resolved. So it makes, it makes you feel a little bit weird when somebody comes down from one of our other locations and says, hey, I can get it at your other location for this for $10 cheaper, or whatever. And

Joel Zook  1:22:58
but I mean, that's at that point that's not a discount, it's just different pricing, different pricing,

Unknown Speaker  1:23:03
flat out, different pricing.

Matthias Miller  1:23:08
Okay, that's just, I don't get that. Hey,

Speaker 1  1:23:10
that's the way it's been for years and years. And there is no, there is no authority to say, this is the price, this is the list. This is how we every location orders their own inventory, and they have a general idea what they mark it up at and I mean, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:23:31
yep, yep.

Joel Zook  1:23:40
So on the on the shut app integration, was the shit out working on the accounting integration, or was that somebody else? Yeah, okay,

Speaker 1  1:23:48
I think they did some of it. But then there was, there was certain things they failed to do that didn't work correctly. Yeah, where it's at now. And last I had heard was there was some issues with the integration that they had actually built and then didn't work the way it was supposed to, and that's the last I've heard of it. Okay? Well,

Joel Zook  1:24:13
from a technical standpoint, the more I learn about some other some other solutions out there, I am kind of disappointed that shut up doesn't make it easy, easy for other people to integrate with it, with it either. So

Unknown Speaker  1:24:30
had more than my fair share of yelling matches at Alex.

Matthias Miller  1:24:35
Yelling matches? Yeah, i

Joel Zook  1:24:45
Good. Well, if you think of anything else, or you you just decide, I mean, up until I get this report pushed out. If you think of anything, shoot me a text, or if you want to set a call, we can set. Bit of a call or whatever. This is super helpful.

Speaker 1  1:25:06
Hopefully, hopefully you got what you need without me coming across as a guy that's upset and frustrated with everything that's in place. It's I have the best job ever right now, and I don't. I don't want to ever get anybody thinking that I'm complaining with with the amount of money I'm making or the the role I have, I'm not discontent. I just see, I just have noticed some of these things that I think would benefit the company. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:25:33
and

Speaker 1  1:25:36
I mean, we can keep going the way we are for 10 years. I'm like, I'm not going to complain, but long term goal, the company has to make money to stay in business, and if we're bleeding money, if we are, then here are some things that we can maybe do to stop some of that, because I really want to work here for the next 1015, years. Okay, for sure.

Joel Zook  1:26:03
So is there any way that we could? We could we could we should be able to go through EBMs if we wanted to. Let's go look at a two year period. Let's go manually. We're going to go put somebody out for a day, and they're going to go through EBMs, and they're going to look through every all of this material that we bought, the furniture, the kennels, these people sell, that we're going to look at all the purchases. We're going to look at all the sales that we made, because we can also theoretically pull that from EBMs somehow. And then we're going to go physically visit all the lots, and we're just going to do a spot check and find out if there's if, if things

Unknown Speaker  1:26:43
yes, it would find out. It would be different.

Speaker 1  1:26:48
It would take probably more than one full day. But it's doable. Okay, now it's doable if everybody did their job in entering it correctly. I don't know. Count does that with invoices that come in for products purchased. If he appoints it to a location, then yes, it would be

Joel Zook  1:27:15
right. But you might be. You might end up well. I mean, if the invoice doesn't get entered correctly, and you don't catch it first of all in the system, or worst case scenario, you're looking at the entire pool. Yeah, and we know that somebody, somewhere, there's something missing, but we don't know where it's missing from. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:27:35
you could definitely, um, uh,

Joel Zook  1:27:45
yeah. Well, and I don't have enough lifetimes to live, I think there's too many things that are interesting. If I had about a dozen more, one of them would be a forensic accountant, because I think that's and I'd have to take my own, own crack at it, because I'm, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not the perfect accounting type. But, man, the the idea, at least, has got me utterly fascinated. And it's a big it's a big need. It's a thing, all right? And not saying, not saying anything, that stuff's happening at all, but it's, it's good to have accountability and transparency. I'm a huge fan of setting up, setting up systems. The trust goes both ways. If you know there's a system in place, then you know nobody's ever going to come pointing a finger at you and falsely accusing you, because the system is there. And so it really, it really goes. It really goes both ways. That's

Speaker 1  1:28:39
one of those things that you know, if you had your sales manager do that have follow that system, whether it be a monthly check or bi weekly check or whatever. You know right now. I mean, I've never done any of those things, but if somebody comes on here and steals five pieces of furniture and I don't catch that they're stolen, that can look that on me, because there is no accountability in place. It can look like I took those pieces and sold them on marketplace, or whatever it be. Yeah,

Joel Zook  1:29:06
right, exactly, exactly

Speaker 1  1:29:11
that. Not, not you nail it. It's, it's not all about keeping the company safe. It's protecting your dealers too. And yeah, you start, I've discovered when you start accusing people, whether it be in business or personal life, it's something that they haven't done. You have done unrepairable damage to that relationship. Yeah, that will, oh, that mark will always be there. I don't care how much that purpose is. They've overcome it, forgave and whatnot. When you make that accusation that's, we're humans, we don't forget,

Speaker 2  1:29:46
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Joel Zook  1:29:56
Good, good stuff. Well, I. Clear as mud, clear as much good stuff, man, I appreciate it. It's fun. Fun getting to hear your perspective here and getting to know you a little

Speaker 1  1:30:09
bit. Anything in your notes that doesn't make sense or you have questions about how it was said and it's not clear. Let me know I'm I'm not. I'm not a good public speaker, and I'm not a good sometimes my thoughts get ahead of me and come out wrong. And

Matthias Miller  1:30:28
we're human. We're human. That's, that's the bottom line. Okay, sounds good? Yep, have a good one.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:36
All right. Yep, you too.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai