Unknown Speaker  00:33
Hey, hey,

Matthias Miller  00:36
what do you think?

Unknown Speaker  00:38
Let me open this dark do

Matthias Miller  00:43
a moment

Matthias Miller  00:52
for Walking this now. So

Matthias Miller  01:01
while you figure this out, very interesting. Mr. Systems guy, has been trying to sell systems, and this market wants to buy opportunities. I think, I think what you said psychologically makes a lot of sense. Yeah.

Speaker 1  01:20
Um, so let's put it in half first. I don't think a whole lot of his idea of selling biz op to the people who are not already in business. What did you think of that?

Matthias Miller  01:37
Yeah. I mean, the only, I think it's a very small. I mean, we saw maybe 1% of leads that I really think could be an interesting sell, like the the few Hispanic guys money, and I think those it could be, could be fun, it could be a good market, but it could be hard to find. I don't, I don't know that. Anyway, yeah, I'm not going for it, pushing for it, kind of seems

Speaker 1  02:15
wrong time, wrong place for us, at the very least, right? I think it'd be a pretty big endeavor. I have worked in the last few years with a couple of these literally biz op kind of businesses, you know, Amazon, FBA, or several different ones. And yeah, they in my as best I can tell, they literally on a call center and do like it. I don't think it even works at the small scale. I could be wrong, but I've, I've literally run ads for a couple companies like this, and it's a pretty big endeavor, and you're literally selling to people who don't quite know what they want, but they're looking for a way to make money. And I could actually see, you know, I don't know, like Amish guys have been thinking about it for a while, and are finally going to go for it. It's possible there's some low hanging fruit there, but I don't think you want to spend much time in the bright, shiny object market at all, personally, at least. Okay, so then as far as the other I mean, basically, he was suggesting a classic ascension ladder model. Is that? How it struck you?

Matthias Miller  03:45
Yeah, well, the his second offer that he's pitching, he he basically came out and said, I don't believe in sales training, that's dumb, and you're going to go mass market. And he said, do the scaling thing, which to me is, I mean, Josh long has talked about how hard it is to generate leads and find these guys in this space, and I have the same thing, and I'm just weary of it. And maybe it's a grass is greener, but maybe it's also a well, we gotta at least look what else is out there. So I'm and obviously, and he goes from saying, you're gonna have to burn 30 grand and not know if it comes back, to saying, Well, you can maybe do it with a few grand, and it might come back. But it does not seem, from my perspective, the scaling is not a lizard brain offer.

Matthias Miller  04:49
So what I think the biggest, most valuable takeaway is, why wouldn't we take a few front end offers for. How you know like become a seven figure sales person with free leads. Or how do you how to use free leads to become a seven figure sales person? And the seven question, seven figures and seven questions, and it's the question framework, and rip out different parts of the sales training and other things like that to build the offer and so extract, go ahead, when

Speaker 1  05:44
you're speaking right now, you are thinking of a low ticket offer.

Matthias Miller  05:49
Yeah, do

Matthias Miller  05:56
you think that's you disagree with this low ticket offer. I

Speaker 1  06:01
disagree with the ascension ladder model. A little bit for us for this, let me just read something right here. I

Matthias Miller  06:25
All right, let me

Matthias Miller  06:41
know if I'm looking for something. For something somewhere.

Speaker 1  06:43
Uh, tell me this, speaking of like funnel mechanics, right? Funnel math, as Justin Brook calls it. Do you see? What would the benefit be of charging for a low ticket offer. But okay, actually, let's pin this down first. What are we calling a low ticket offer? A training, a PDF, a little course, a zoom call like, what, how? And it's gonna sound like I'm uh,

Matthias Miller  07:23
well, I mean, it can be any number of these things

Speaker 1  07:29
that any one of them would probably serve better as let me see this through just a little bit before I say it.

Speaker 1  07:54
Okay, let me just say this a little bit differently. I am pretty sure that I I am pretty sure that we need to just get calls booked, get people on the call with you. I don't think we necessarily need a lead magnet or a trip wire to get them there. I could be wrong, but I don't think so. Do you think, based on the calls you have had so far, that there would be a tangible difference to the quality of the call in the short term, if they've had a consumable object, a lead magnet, or a small paid front and offer first?

Matthias Miller  08:41
Well, let's take a step back. Here's the question I would ask instead,

Matthias Miller  08:56
what is the most effective thing we could do to increase trust with these people? Number one, number two, what is really going on in terms of close rates,

Unknown Speaker  09:10
and sorry for you or

Matthias Miller  09:12
for them for me? So

Speaker 1  09:22
go ahead. How many calls have you had so far?

Matthias Miller  09:25
I mean, having, I think, 30 to 50 maybe,

Unknown Speaker  09:30
okay, and you've had one close,

Matthias Miller  09:33
one close, but not through cold outreach. Oh, that's

Unknown Speaker  09:37
correct. Yep, okay.

Matthias Miller  09:42
But then here's something I did. I told chat GPT come up with a prompt to evaluate my call transcripts from the perspective of Ari galper and his methodology, and gave. One of my recent transcripts, and it said you're maybe at a 60, and pretty much got schooled with a whole bunch of things to improve. So also recently had a call. I think part of the problem in my mind is that, well, there's a few things. One, managing time has become challenging for me. I don't have a good framework and structure for these calls, and I don't have good feedback on these calls. And so in my mind, if we're booking calls, maybe they don't have any money to spend, but the fact that they're on the call says that they are. And like recently, I had a conversation with the guy, and I could not find any kind of pain point to sell him. Now I wish I would have thought to sell him an opportunity, and maybe I still can. But in terms of process improvement, improving the sales process seems to be the most logical thing to be focusing on right now.

Speaker 1  11:15
Okay, so I think what you just said is we don't have a lead problem. We have a sales problem, a closing problem, a conversion rate problem. In other words, yes,

Matthias Miller  11:28
and that could be offer, and yes it could be, could be leads, but don't tell me that you can't sell them on a $7 something, if it's the right something.

Speaker 1  11:47
So what's funny about this is that pretty much all the big dogs that I would respect at all in terms of developing a funnel product and offer all of it, would say that the way to solve this problem is to get on a call with 10 people in your 50 Do you did that? It's the right questions. But do you think you've been asking questions on those calls to get a feeling for what they want, where they're at and like you're not getting answers, or you don't know what to do with the answers?

Matthias Miller  12:33
Well, that's a great I mean, I don't know which I'm going to start wondering. Back to my office, because this is a great chat GPT question. I change

Speaker 1  12:45
I don't have at my fingertips like a process for taking a bunch of sales calls and turning it into something. Mike road used to, you know, me, I'm always asking technical and systems questions. And Mike Rhodes used to tease me a little bit and say, when I would ask him about Google ads, and he would say, that's the part where there's some art to it. It's an art and a science, right? So, okay, art and maybe art is testing, and maybe art is get a copywriter who's better at this than we are. Um, I wonder, are you also by coincidence? Are you saying that you're starting to get weary of sales calls?

Matthias Miller  13:31
Well, I had three no shows today, which I attribute partially to being out having having set them a few days prior. I don't know if I am or what or not. I'm tired of not closing them. I'm also, I think part of it is just, well, I think part of it is a part of it, okay, there's a few things. One, it's been physically exhausting. It's been emotionally somewhat turbulent, so you can't completely remove the that aspect of it was just a ton of pressure from a lot of different directions. And I we could really use a win, yeah, and so just trying to figure out what's the best way to get that, and I do feel like having a call structure and call frameworks really helps. I know that and figuring out what is it going to take for my sales style to match or to match or adapt to whatever it is that we're going to do. Um. I mean, that's a thing.

Matthias Miller  15:08
So this all seems like logical next steps, but maybe I'm a little bit I need some good conversations I haven't had any day yet. So there you go.

Speaker 1  15:23
Oh, that reminds me I was going to add some Kentucky to today's list of Colorado, and I forgot. I'm sorry about that, so only a small handful of messages went out today.

Matthias Miller  15:33
Bummer. Oh, got it. That's why I was wondering why there weren't more responses. So I've got a ton of follow ups I need to do, but I don't know how much time I'll actually have for that either. So yes,

Speaker 1  15:44
and that is a good point. There is some follow ups from the bunk messages from last week. Yeah, look at something while we're talking about it.

Matthias Miller  15:56
Fascinating company from Nashville that does graffiti sheds. They will graffiti your shed for you. I'm like, I don't know if there's a market, but that's just cool. That's

Speaker 1  16:07
hilarious. There is, oh yeah, there actually is quite a bit of responses to the the yesterday, yeah. So actually, if you want to work some leads, there's a lot, quite a lot, there to work through the Conversations tab in GHL, yep. Um, don't forget that cold as so the one thing about this is that cold SMS is it's got to be a pretty low they're Not indoctrinated, right?

Speaker 1  17:00
To say yes to that by definition, can't possibly be the opportunistic and so you might be talking to a really little narrow bandwidth of a certain kind of person, then they might not they might be basically curious and not necessarily the best buyers, your best buyers might actually be. I mean, let's try this on for size. Um, Cody and company over there at Yoder, yeah, if they had never heard of you and they had received their first contact with you through a cold SMS, do you think they would have bought from you,

Matthias Miller  17:40
not on the first not on the first go, maybe not even ever,

Speaker 1  17:44
okay, and that right there is compelling reason to start Facebook ads and paper mail and start these additional touches. It's going to build up the the know, like and trust, the whole idea of content. And how long do we string this out? Because eventually this is the classic thing of direct response marketing versus brand building. If money was not an issue and time and resources were not an issue, what every company needs is to build a brand, put out the content, put out the product, be there, be strong, have good stuff, and let consumers find out about you and build up that know like and trust over the years until they're ready to buy and they Know you and you're the only solution, real stuff or or Alan Sultan x, but my general impression is that's kind of the core of what they're doing. Direct response is the exact opposite of that. One message one time, so powerful that it converts them. And the truth is probably in the middle for most small businesses who do not have an unlimited budget. So I think Alan sultanic is nothing held back. That's nothing held back guy, right? Yeah, I think he, based on what I've heard, I think he is probably the king of that happy middle so meaning more than a one hit. Give them some content, some training, some value, some whatever kind of an ascension ladder. And if you want to go down that track at all, it's just that it is going to take some time and money to build out content and pieces and parts and all that and get around to having a working funnel and system. But I You, I think you asked what I thought about, nothing held back, plus a little while back and yeah, if you're gonna go around, I think that's the way to go. I just am a little unconvinced that. We need to jump all the way to that. I was just about to try to turn on these make and turn on these ads that are basically going to get you bookings for calls. It will be, it's not going to be massively different from the cold SMS, but it will be a little bit different, because Give me just a second, random mute my notifications because they're bugging me. I

Speaker 1  20:44
I, yeah, I was trying to say that the face CADS are not going to be a ton different, because it's still direct response while he didn't want to call me. Do think that you know Facebook and voluntarily submitting it, and having heard a tiny bit from you before the call, I think you can help. I'm not saying it's going to solve the problem, but I think it can help a little bit over the years, talking with people about landing pages for their many different services and offers. A lot of people have asked me, oh, okay, so what kind of ad do I run when it's Google search or GDN? Specifically, Google search or GDN, and this is often people who are used to running Facebook ads, and I always tell them, It's a complete thing, because with a Facebook ad or YouTube ad, you can say whatever you want to say in the app, in the video, and pre friend, everything else. And so then when they click the button below and all they get is a plain vanilla opt in or registration page. That page doesn't have to do any heavy lifting at all, because the message was already conveyed in the ad. Whereas with GDN or search, the ad is like, literally, it's a search, maybe like the absolute core essential. We have x um, and the landing page has to do all the heavy lifting. Now the reason I'm telling you that is I think it would apply to the call. So if we give enough value of info and with inside enough, uh, hope in the ad, I'm thinking that that call is going to go a little bit better than, um, you know, if, if they're getting a cold SMS out of the blue, hey, hey, I want to talk about improving your business, and then they jump on a call with, like, no nothing at all to back that up. Does that make sense? Right? Um, it's still not going to completely solve all the branding the know, like and trust and have they consumed your content and all that. But yeah, I think it's, I think it's another step in the right direction, yep. And if all else fails, given that it is going to take time to build an ascension ladder, I think, okay, I was just getting the link or so in the meantime.

Matthias Miller  23:29
Sorry, you said you were going to it.

Speaker 1  23:33
Oh, so, like I was going to get those ads up and running today. Yep. And so if we are going to shift gears a little bit and develop a front end product, or an ascension ladder or something. That's going to take a while, so at least we can run these other ads in the meantime and see how it goes totally

Matthias Miller  23:50
and we can also test other angles for lead magnets. And I think angles to lead magnets not a one to one, well, not a one to one is a predictor of what are things. I mean, obviously they have interest, so maybe they would actually, you know, buy something. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  24:05
yeah.

Speaker 1  24:11
The only other person or thing I can think of in the middle, like between what we have now and building a full blown nothing held back funnel. What? What was the name of that thing that Alan sold automated clients or something? It has automatic,

Matthias Miller  24:28
automatic clients. Yeah, yeah, that. I'm a little confused

Speaker 1  24:31
about that, because people in his group still talk about it all the time, but apparently he doesn't sell the book or the training anymore, or something like that. Yeah, I'm not sure, maybe because he just shoved it all over into the

Unknown Speaker  24:51
um, do you know Sterling Garner at all?

Matthias Miller  24:54
I've went through one of his workshops. I think the guy's probably smart. And. Uh, I think he can come off a little abrasive, um, his little Venn diagram training workshop.

Unknown Speaker  25:19
Here was that like last year?

Matthias Miller  25:23
It was something like it,

Unknown Speaker  25:29
thinking of his,

Speaker 1  25:36
anything, call that thing one slide offer. Yeah, was that it? You

Matthias Miller  25:44
went, yeah. It was just one slot, one slight offer. What did you think of that? It's all an upsell in the high end consulting, and it's all hand wavy. Oh, but I'm really good at the magic terminology, but I can't tell you what that is, because you have to pay for the high end thing. So I was like, I mean, screw it. Like, was not helpful,

Unknown Speaker  26:07
interesting, okay, come up with

Matthias Miller  26:09
good IP terms. I mean, yeah, for real. Like, no doubt. Like, tell me something I don't know Anyway, anyway, I have opinions about him as well because of interactions I've seen in in the group, and how he's related to other people, but be that as it

Unknown Speaker  26:27
may, it

Matthias Miller  26:30
doesn't mean his stuff doesn't work and he's not good at it. I

Unknown Speaker  26:47
Uh, okay, well,

Speaker 1  26:57
first be prepared to make a bunch of content and hit people with a lot of touch points. I don't think there's any other way around that.

Matthias Miller  27:09
Yeah, I don't think, I mean, I think you're right.

Speaker 1  27:15
And I wonder, I just wonder, um, it's kind of funny, because I tried to sell the ascension ladder I did at Josh Thomas in the midst of in some other context, several years ago, I didn't remember he was Perry's sales guy, and he told me, like, and I've heard other people say this since then. He's like, people don't really do the ascension ladder thing. They the guys who buy the big ticket stuff do not consistently buy the little product and then buy the medium product and then buy a lot of them who are worth anything, they just jump straight to the big product and they're like, Oh yeah, I haven't seen your content for years, right? And so it just kind of proves that it's not really about the front end product and the ascension ladder. It's about getting a sufficient volume of good product out there, I'm sorry, getting a sufficient volume of good content out there, right? So, but then that comes with its own series of headaches, running, running content driven ads or a YouTube channel or or whatever, which is the same reason that whoever, whoever it was that said their best customers ever either came from a podcast or from consuming YouTube content. I mean, that's why, right? It's all, it's all 17 ways of saying the same thing, all that know, like and trust first, before they become a buyer, especially a big buyer, totally okay, and I still think I I'm just very dubious at the idea that we can't make a small time book a call funnel, for lack of a better term, funnel, work like, like, some version of get on a call with me and sell to some of those. It may not, may not be, you know, one out of three, close rate, but it sure seems like we ought to be able to send messages or run ads or something, and have some amount of those people close on a call with you, which makes me think that maybe your energy should go into The call handling, into marketing products, offers and funnels. I follows. And I don't know who to talk to you about that. I think I already gave you my script for Ryan Shaw, but maybe that was the discovery script only, and I can't remember. Surely we can find some sales script stuff. What do you have for sale? Sales training, like closing on a call, sales training.

Matthias Miller  30:03
I mean, there's the Ari galper model,

Speaker 1  30:10
um, haven't thought of him in like, 10 years, and the only thing I remember is that his answer to everything is no problem,

Matthias Miller  30:19
yeah, all

Unknown Speaker  30:21
right, gal from a model on your mind.

Matthias Miller  30:24
I mean, fundamentally, it's, it's push for transparency, authenticity, save spaces, remove sales pressure, solve problems, position yourself as an authority. You know, it's all that. Let

Speaker 1  30:44
me share my screen for a second. I bought what you're about to see. So out of all the guys who dance around the fringes of the oh, here's an idea. I wonder if you should talk to Robert Posey about your sales and closing problem.

Matthias Miller  31:09
What do you think of that the I mean, potentially, yeah, okay,

Speaker 1  31:14
other than Robert, the only guy that I've seen consistently show up for years, you know as a sales guru, for lack of a better term, that I honestly think you know is, is, is knows what he's talking about is Mike mark. Have I shown you this already?

Matthias Miller  31:37
You've seen here. Let me Oh, you're sharing, and I'm not my I'm gonna, I'm gonna switch back to my Computer.

Unknown Speaker  31:52
Yep, back. I

Matthias Miller  32:02
mean, I know he's done the group,

Speaker 1  32:05
so I've got his training. I have not had time to go through it all, but I'd be happy to give you access to this. And there's just got to be

Speaker 1  32:20
and I don't mean I'm not talking about drowning you in his whole process, just thinking there's just got to be something good On in here about sales calls,

Matthias Miller  32:41
email up on dialing. Does he have anything about The actual sales conversation? I

Speaker 1  34:42
A um, I'm happy to give you access to this. I've definitely never gone through this part so that this would be the sales training itself. Um, I'm not at all trying to drown you in more info products. Also, it looks like most of these are eight or nine on

Matthias Miller  34:58
let me show you this. I.

Unknown Speaker  35:00
Okay, if I can find the button, I'll turn my sharing off. There we go.

Matthias Miller  35:14
Okay. This is a evaluated sales call based on trust, based selling principles. Here's the instructions, here's the criteria, here's the different phases, effectively, etc, etc, based on re, galpr, stuff, and then what's the score? So use the more structured introductions in purpose of the call early these open ended questions, you know, didn't dive into pain points, fair enough. I think that's true.

Matthias Miller  35:53
Skeptical, due to past experiences, can effectively address this and acknowledge and understand past frustrations, losing money with past companies, I kind of moved on, customer leading, rather than, I'm not sure about this, But anyway, abrupt topics, which is in clear transitions, I um and

Matthias Miller  36:25
always effectively control of appropriately, no next steps. Which is fine, I mean, which is not fine, but it's true, you'd be open to better better flow, not handling objections effectively enough. Next steps, those are all obvious gaps.

Matthias Miller  37:00
As a full full on how to go through it. Here's some basic languaging. And then, you know, going down the iceberg off ramp. If they don't fully own it, don't trust me, not qualified, etc. I know this is way too much to process on a call, but then here's like the one pager.

Speaker 1  37:35
And have you actually tried following this on a call? Not yet. Okay, I think that would totally be worth just I kind of think any script is better than no script.

Matthias Miller  37:49
Well, yeah, we can go down this rabbit trail a while. I just, I kind of feel like we're trying to solve a problem that already have a next step to, unless you have a significantly better next step, which is do call analysis and reviews and follow a script and make improvements. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  38:09
okay,

Matthias Miller  38:13
we're missing

Unknown Speaker  38:15
something. Uh, no.

Speaker 1  38:23
Give me a second, probably it's because my brain is already down the rabbit hole. I

Unknown Speaker  38:56
bear with me. Just a second. I

Speaker 1  39:12
uh, okay, did did you just say a moment ago that we were trying to solve a problem that isn't a problem? I know it's not the word you said, Well, I

Matthias Miller  39:19
mean, this seems to be pretty obvious. I have an ex like, a standard, okay, is is already stuff the best possible stuff in the world? I have no idea. Is it likely to align with to me? Yes. Can we use this as a metric by which to measure and review calls and see how good they are. Yes. Do I have a way for doing that, doing that? Yes? Do I have a call structure that seems to model what he teaches? Yes, so And have I fully have given any effort that meant beyond just running a few call reviews to see how things which shows up? No. So do we need to really do.

Speaker 1  40:10
Ah, okay, oh, try on that. Let me see where that went. Oh, well, totally fine. There is no problem. I'm gonna see if I'm able to do anything about it. You

Matthias Miller  40:24
can make a copy and share the copy with me.

Speaker 1  40:28
Um, get more from the doc owner or not. So I'm a title on its

Unknown Speaker  40:37
open up. Yes, I am the owner. And yes, you can get in and I'll make you a commenter. There you go. Hang on. It's being slow. Access, updated. Can get to it now. I

Unknown Speaker  41:04
this script, this

Speaker 1  41:24
I was about to say, Yeah, this script has actually been used by a SAS company to sell AI chat bots, and it actually worked now exactly how well they followed their own script, I don't know, and if everybody involved in the company was good at selling naturally. And so I'm not certain that they originally followed the script and that the script did all the heavy lifting, but I'm pretty sure that this was actually used for sales, and it actually worked as a framework. And then looking down the you can almost ignore the content, sidebar, table of contents, and just looking at that, I mean, that's a pretty good classic flow, if nothing else, that's pretty good to me, if it's useful to use it, if not whatever, or it's an alternative to test, or however you want to look at

Speaker 1  42:35
it, I Think this is different, but here's an alternative. I

Speaker 1  43:03
I'm not at all saying that we need a sales script to save the day, but do you think it can help to formulate these things that might test the formula? Right? Okay, well, that's probably enough about that. I guess at the end of the day, I think what I'm trying to say for the whole last 30 minutes is that I don't know that rushing to build a front end offer is exactly where it's at, because I think that comes from the ascension model mindset. And I think that there's proof in the real world that real customers send from low ticket to high ticket. And I think my conclusion is that the reason a lot of low ticket stuff works is not really the ascension ladder. It's the content. It's the branding that happens in the process. It could very well be, don't forget that marketers as a whole are a funny collection of people, especially if we're talking about like the classic Facebook marketing bros. I think that it very well could be marketers build an ascension ladder, that what really happened is following some guru's ascension ladder blueprint forced them to actually build out a content system for the first time in their lives. And so it looks like, hey, ascension ladders work, when in reality, putting out content is what worked for them, and nurturing that and nurturing those leads. Yeah, so I'm kind of thinking I'm not full blown objecting to building a front end offer or an ascension ladder. I just don't think it's like the magic sauce that is going to make all this work. I think it has more to do with pre framing. And indoctrinating the prospects and building up know, like and trust than it does in like having a front end offer. Does that make sense?

Matthias Miller  45:10
It does so. But then the natural next question is, what does it take to set up a content funnel or something of that nature? Right?

Speaker 1  45:21
Sure. Yep, is, is and is it. Do you think that the small version of that is still to run the book a call funnel and then just start sending them emails once they've opted in?

Matthias Miller  45:38
Yes? And another sub version, maybe a main 2.0 thing

Speaker 1  45:43
you follow up, yeah, yes, Yep, yeah, which

Matthias Miller  45:48
I really have to drop. Yep, no problem. All good. All right, thanks.

Unknown Speaker  45:53
Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai