Speaker 1  00:47
Can you hear me? I can hear you. Yeah. Am I in the wrong link? No, you're good. I was like, wait a minute, is this there's a the demo. So I was thrown off. The demos are in an hour. Okay, all right, cool. So Mike is just loading a shed at the moment, and then he's available.

Matthias Miller  01:13
Okay, sounds good. We just

Speaker 1  01:15
had code enforcement because we have, like, we install electrical packages like in our sheds, and they're saying that we needed a permit for electrical that we're installing here, or that our electricians installing here, but the towns that we deliver them to require electrical permits. And I'm like, we're not paying for both permits, so you guys need to kind of figure your shit out. They figured it out.

Matthias Miller  01:54
That's hilarious. We had a strange situation out here where the county told one company that if there's any evidence that this is going to be used as a tiny home, you have to have a permit before you sell the building. And never told the other company that. So one company is going full steam selling these things. Nobody said breathing a word. And meanwhile, the other the other people can't sell them because, well, nobody likes to mess with it. The company across the street doesn't make me get a permit. So what do I you know? Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  02:30
that's crazy.

Matthias Miller  02:31
It's crazy.

Speaker 1  02:34
What was the first demo? It was my shed, my shed. I watched those videos last night. Um, for shed, sweet, yeah, and I think that it, I mean, without, like, obviously, going through the demo, I think I did, like, years ago. Um, I but it seems like they kind of have that versatility to to set things up how you want it Yes, like how it makes sense.

Matthias Miller  03:14
Yes, they do have probably one of the biggest I would thinking here, let me see if I can find my notes from the last time I talked to Jason. We would be using IDEA room at the moment. So that is going to, let's see. Let's see if you gave a timeline. I

Matthias Miller  04:04
yeah, I mean, they've got a good bit of stuff on the roadmap, working on bill of materials for sin first out inventory tracking. I starting, starting MRP has po tracking,

Matthias Miller  04:37
and so and then, and then replacing a 3d builder, that's still all that. I don't know it's going to be or two I would expect, right?

Unknown Speaker  04:55
Yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  05:04
Yep, because the the

Matthias Miller  05:12
raw material inventory something, let's see. I

Matthias Miller  05:26
uh, something that would be useful for you guys. It's even at a minimal capacity, even if it's not tied all the way out to Bill of Materials per building,

Speaker 1  05:42
right? Exactly, and at least we'll have something right.

Unknown Speaker  05:55
Oh, here, COVID,

Unknown Speaker  05:57
right and bad. Did I give you, what did I do yesterday? The other day? It's right, honey.

Speaker 1  06:12
Okay, he found this remote, so now he's going to love the shed.

Speaker 1  06:20
But so like yesterday, remember how I was like, Oh, wow, they're back. Like, early. I was not expecting them to be back this soon, yeah, like, from that gazebo. So they didn't shingle the roof, they didn't bring the compressor.

Matthias Miller  06:45
Do you know why?

Speaker 1  06:47
Because they didn't think they'd get that far. So now, in half a day, yeah, like, now, no, like, I'm not sure why they would go on, prepared anyways, you know what I mean. Like, it just seems right, ridiculous to me, right? So now you have the hour driving back there that we're paying people for, so like, them to get all set up again. Like, it just doesn't make any sense financially. Or, like, that's totally unsufficient. Like, unofficial, right? Yeah, it was crazy

Matthias Miller  07:49
to me. It'd be far better to tell the guys, hey, we're leaving at five o'clock. We might not get back until seven o'clock at night. Good news is, if we get back that late, we're gonna have a, you know, nine o'clock start the next morning,

Speaker 1  08:01
or, yeah, or you're gonna get overtime. Overtime like, you know, we don't limit that if stuff's getting done, right?

Unknown Speaker  08:11
But,

Unknown Speaker  08:17
yeah, that's

Matthias Miller  08:19
interesting,

Speaker 1  08:22
bizarre. And then we had Aaron, the one that chance was talking to you about yesterday, he called out today, and then Hannah called out today. And I'm like, Oh, my God, it's just crazy to me.

Matthias Miller  08:54
Is that common? You threw them calling out, um,

Speaker 1  09:03
I mean, Hannah kind of, like, not super common, but like, and, I mean, I know her baby has, like, conjunctivitis, but I don't know. It's just one of those things, like, I'm different. Like, if my baby had tender virus, I would be here with my baby, you know, like, right? But I get it,

Unknown Speaker  09:28
yeah, um,

Speaker 1  09:32
yeah. So I don't, I don't really know, but I, um, what

Unknown Speaker  09:40
was there?

Speaker 1  09:51
Yeah, I don't remember. And then the my Shut up, they didn't send any, like, free videos or any. Like that, right?

Matthias Miller  10:01
Yeah, let me. Let me just double check they said that they're looking forward to it, but I don't. No, just a bunch of shed sweet by by far, I would say far above the others is better at marketing their product, like, yeah, having the information available and

Speaker 1  10:26
all this stuff, yeah, yeah, because I was like, on the my shed website, and I'm on there now it looks like they have, like, their own threed builder. I Yeah,

Matthias Miller  10:46
these guys are. They're similar to shed app in that it was actually built first for a shed company and Bob over, shut up, runs a, has a, has, a has a shed company that he, you know,

Speaker 1  11:04
right, like, kind of created it for,

Matthias Miller  11:09
created it for. But I'm

Matthias Miller  11:22
going to gonna guess. I mean, I don't know, but my shed has seemed really hungry too. They seem hungry just, hey, we're wanting to, wanting to do what it takes, but I don't know how well developed they are, and I don't know what, what glitches are, right? Yeah,

Speaker 1  11:50
yeah, and that's because so shed sweet is the one that owns, or whatever idea room.

Matthias Miller  12:00
No, they don't own their they currently just integrate with IDEA room. Okay, and then he has shed sweet. The founder has been involved in building a 3d builder before, and so they have it on their roadmap to replace idea idea room with their own builder. Okay,

Speaker 1  12:30
yeah, and like the whole because we don't have dealers, you know what I mean? Like we have different locations, which I saw with shed suite, you can, like, assign them to, like, shops and locations, and a

Matthias Miller  12:49
lot of that stuff ends up being, ends up being overkill,

Speaker 1  12:53
yeah, yeah. And then I thought there was one. I don't even know if it's like, shed verse is that? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  13:05
that's right. I didn't look it up. I had

Speaker 1  13:11
I don't know anything, but when I look at the picture that they have, like, of their dashboard, I'm like, wow, That looks I really small and like ancient, kinda,

Matthias Miller  13:42
yeah, I can't even tell is this? Is it in the cloud, or do you install it on your

Matthias Miller  13:59
it looks like it's just an app that you install in your computer. Yeah, and if, if that's the case, I would not. No, no. I

Speaker 1  14:20
uh, yeah. And you know, I was gonna ask you too, do you think it's like, do you think it's worth taking, like every customer from the past 30 days, or, like a shed that all the sheds that were delivered within the past 30 days, and sending those customers like a survey about like, the process. Like, do you think that would be worth like, getting that feedback? Yes,

Matthias Miller  14:58
yeah.

Matthias Miller  15:17
Just curious here I'm

Matthias Miller  15:35
Do you know Barbara Gilbert's story?

Speaker 1  15:39
Yes, so sold her a pavilion. Didn't do the site work for it, so she was having, like, her baby paver patio put in. We were like, okay, so it's super important that you let them know, let the people doing the ground prep know that a pavilion that weighs X amount is going to be sitting on this and these are the footings that we would recommend. And apparently those footings added quite a bit of money that she didn't want to pay. We still installed it. And then two of the pavers cracked that, like the pavilion was sitting on. And then she wrote about it. And the dead of winter, like, I mean, there was no snow on the ground, but, like, it's freezing at this point, like, the ground still thawing like, or still frozen, it hasn't unthawed. Like, yeah, she's like, I need it re leveled. I need it re leveled. And I was like, honestly, like, we should wait until spring to re level it. And then, so I was gonna set or she was very, very hesitant on it being Mike that went out, and Mike going out when she was there. Okay, so it's much easier for Mike to just stop by when he's in the area, and then he either calls her or lets me know what's going on. I reach out to her. No, no, she's hell bent on she needs to be there. She needs to. So I wasn't aware that Mike had actually gone out and, like, talked to her in person, and, like, looked at it, and then Mike, like, wrote to her, and was like, Yep, it was on this day, and this is what we discussed. And like, We recommended that you reach out to the patio people, and we're happy to, like, lift the pavilion up while that repair is done, and then, like, reinstall the post. And I think she is a little bit crazy. She had no recollection of, like, talking with Mike, and he was like, there in person. And, like, if you she's like, oh. And then she writes to me, I'm so sorry. I apologize. I guess I didn't realize that Mike had already been out and whatever, and we still, I'm like, yeah. Like, reach out to the the site work people like, he recommended, we're happy to help. Like, let us know. Next step. She said, Oh my God, thank you so much. I was like, could you remove your review? And she literally, like, never responded. We haven't heard from her since, like, what the heck?

Unknown Speaker  18:49
Wow.

Speaker 1  18:53
I'm like, Are you serious right now? And I take reviews, like, extremely personal. I am very like, like, if somebody writes and I don't have an answer, if I'm waiting on an answer for whatever the case is, I'm gonna write back to them. Be like, Okay, I still don't have an answer, but I didn't forget about you. I wanted to let you know that I'm like, she apparently doesn't like that at all, I don't know. And then we have this one star review from like a ROB Melanson. I

Matthias Miller  19:32
saw that. What was that one where? Yeah, exactly. I can't find anything from him, nothing.

Speaker 1  19:39
No Facebook message, no contact form, no emails, no phone calls, like, no text messages, nothing. That's crazy and where there was like, no writing, like, there's. No actual review. I like, even went to like Google and like searched us. And I was like, I mean, I guess he could have done it on accident, but like, I've found every Robin LANSON on Facebook and like sent that person a message. I was like, I think you did this by mistake, but we've never even heard of him. That's so bizarre. And that's honestly not the first time it's happened like, like we've gotten Well, we had another shed company leave us like a one star, you know, like the petty stuff. And I'm like, Okay, well, two can play this game. And then as soon as I leave a review, they delete theirs. I delete mine. Like, just come on, throw up, yeah. Like, I don't, I really don't have time for this.

Unknown Speaker  21:01
I Yeah,

Speaker 1  21:03
but the majority of our reviews are four and five star. This Tom Melanson guy. He left us a review before he even got his shed. He's like, 90 years old, and we met him here on like, Sundays, like, like, literally went above and beyond for this guy, and he left us a four star trivia. I'm like, Thank you. You're too old to be leaving her views, like,

Speaker 1  21:41
yeah. And then, like Heidi Hochul, she left us a two star review because she was upset with the rent to own company. I

Matthias Miller  21:55
don't know. People just can't, uh, gracious,

Unknown Speaker  21:59
yeah, so I don't Is

Matthias Miller  22:02
it interesting? How many, how many people can leave bad reviews, but how few people can pick up the phone and say, Hey, I have this problem? Like, can you help me? Right?

Speaker 1  22:12
Literally, and that's the thing. Like, everyone we deliver a shed to once they get the final like, once I enter the final payment in QuickBooks, it automatically sends them text message, like, leave a review. We'd love it if you'd leave a review. And it doesn't even say, like, Oh, if this. And I've thought about doing this, but then I was like, I don't, I don't know. Like, if you wouldn't give us five stars, like, please reach out and let us know what we could do better, or, like, whatever the but I don't know. I mean, I think we've come a long ways as far as reviews like the 3d builder helps people understand what they're getting.

Unknown Speaker  23:08
We do go like above and beyond for as many people as we can. You know what I mean? Yeah,

Speaker 1  23:24
but I don't. I love when I see like I gave them five stars. Heather's Great. Thanks. Yes, exactly. Thank you. That's like, literally over half of our review cool.

Matthias Miller  23:38
There's something to be said about people. Well, this may be a little bit of a generalization, but we all know as the bad reviews left anywhere on a platform come from the same group of people. Yeah, and second of all, that really the people. I mean, if you actually care about people, there's a lot that you could do that you can screw up along the way, but if you care about them and make things right, there's people, people really like that grouchy about it,

Speaker 1  24:15
yeah, and like, a lot of them, like, well, not a lot of them, but Like, one guy left a a three star review, because his shed move was scheduled for between 10 and 12, and his shed wasn't empty. And Mike was, we require sheds to be empty, you know what? I mean? Like to move them. And Mike was literally trying to do this guy a favor, and, like, not make a big deal that the shed wasn't empty, like he could have just left and not moved it like, so he loaded it, there was no damage done to any of his stuff, like it was like just a pizza oven or something. And Mike got there at 958 it was scheduled for between 10 and no. And the guy like, went off the deep end, like, send me screenshots from his ring cam of like, Mike knocking on the door at like, 958

Matthias Miller  25:14
Sorry, dude, it's scheduled for 959 huh?

Unknown Speaker  25:18
Yeah, apparently. Like, what the heck, Babe, are you ready? Do you have a few minutes?

Unknown Speaker  25:33
Okay,

Unknown Speaker  25:41
yeah, so I think that

Unknown Speaker  25:53
something else that i i

Unknown Speaker  26:13
Yeah, Mike said he needed just A couple of more minutes. But

Speaker 1  26:22
isn't that like crazy how everything changes when, like select people call out, awesome. Yeah. Okay, so the my shed one is in an hour at 11 or a half hour now at 11, yep, and then there's one at noon, correct. That was shed sweet.

Matthias Miller  26:54
That's shit sweet. I and

Unknown Speaker  27:13
then there was one at two,

Matthias Miller  27:15
that's next week, so they can move it to this week, and they're busy, so Okay, got it?

Speaker 1  27:32
Okay? Did you ever and maybe you do this after, I don't really know, but did you cross reference. Those

Matthias Miller  27:44
are those at the Google Drive. Did you email them?

Unknown Speaker  27:48
Oh, my God, I didn't even send them to you. I thought about, I thought

Matthias Miller  27:50
about, after we left last night, I should text you. And then it slipped my mind.

Unknown Speaker  27:53
I'm sorry. I'm an idiot. I should have known to

Unknown Speaker  27:56
text those too. It's all

Unknown Speaker  27:58
good. I'll email that

Unknown Speaker  28:09
I was on Mike's computer. Okay, I will send them to you, though

Matthias Miller  28:18
I am very interested in that, because it's Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  28:26
yeah, I think it's huge.

Matthias Miller  28:37
And nothing in me wants to start an agency, but I've talked to so many people who've been so unhappy with even people who specialize in lead generation for shed companies, and there's some people who do decent work anyway, running an agency. Yeah, agency is not on my list of things I want to do.

Unknown Speaker  29:02
No,

Matthias Miller  29:06
the basic problem is, it could work as long as you have a bunch of mature clients, but you also have the agency is the first person to blame for everything. We're not getting any sales. What's wrong? It's bad? Well, maybe it is legitimately. It could be right, legitimately. It could be seasonality. Legitimately, it could be the platform that we're advertising on. Legitimately, it could be your sales. People can't close anything, right?

Speaker 1  29:37
Yeah, exactly. And that's kind of what I like went through with Hannah, like, I'm like, we're paying a lot of money for these leads, and we cannot let them sit there longer than five or 10 minutes. Like, we need to reach out to these people as like, while it's still on their mind, while they're still, um. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  30:07
yeah, I

Matthias Miller  30:09
heard the story of a contractor, Alex or mosey was telling the story. He told the story. Think of a contractor who hired his niece or cousin or aunt or something, and pays her $60,000 a year, and her only job is basically, basically this, I don't care what you're doing, if you're in the middle of making dinner, if you're in the middle of a soccer game, you're wherever you are the minute if a lead comes in, you have to call them back within three minutes and conversion rate. I mean, for his, you know, his deal size is such that conversion rates go up dramatically. Here's guy who's on top of his stuff. He actually talks to us and to him, it's worth paying 60 grand a year just for that. It's not a huge volume.

Unknown Speaker  31:02
It's not a huge volume. No, no, but yeah, I mean, getting back to people is like the

Speaker 1  31:11
number one, and that's what I like try to tell her, I'm like, people don't window shop sheds, right? Like, when people come to the lot, they're not going to stop if, if they don't need a a storage solution, or a home office, or a time like and again. Maybe this is my expectations, but we should literally be closing everybody that walks through this door.

Matthias Miller  31:37
Yeah, it's a little bit different. We have a we do have situations out here where people do window shop because they're buying, like, land. They're, hey, we're buying 80 acres. I need a hunting cabin. I need a fill in the blank. And, like, literally, it could be a two year sales cycle, right? But,

Unknown Speaker  31:57
yeah, no, I guess we have some of that too. Um, but very rarely do I not close something, or I'm sending them with an estimate in writing a bunch of reading materials, and honestly, within two days, they're either calling to place their order or they're coming back in.

Unknown Speaker  32:28
Yeah? So it's, it's

Matthias Miller  32:34
good, well, then that expectation really does bleed over into how many deals you close, right?

Speaker 1  32:42
Yeah. And I mean, like, right now with the the shed view, or the idea room portal, like I can see those, and what we're closing of those. But like

Speaker 1  33:07
other leads, like people that call people that like, come in, there's really not a way to track that.

Matthias Miller  33:18
There's no like follow up date. Shed suite has a so I I've shed sweet resells the same CRM that I resell as well, and they've got integration into into the app, but the into shed suite and but just being able to set follow up dates, things like that, to manage, like, you know, different things like that, yeah, there's, there's a lot of AI automation and things like that that you can do with that,

Unknown Speaker  33:58
which is, like, Huge, yeah.

Speaker 1  34:18
So that customer that remember you were like, he had like, random transoms all over his shed, yeah, and then he had, like a pine door, and then, like a vinyl door. So I closed that overnight, like last night, literally, like sending a text where, like, payment request, and then I wrote to him after I'm like, so are we sure where this is what we want, the transa schedule the time to look like, hey. He's like, Yep, this is what my wife wants. I'm like, okay, all right, I'll sell you what you want to buy. But holy, it might be disappointed. Um, yeah, do you mind if I run to the bathroom real quick? Yep, that's fine, and I'll check in with Mike, but then I'll

Unknown Speaker  35:12
Sure I'll Be back. Yep,

Unknown Speaker  37:50
okay, Mike's gonna swap out with me. You

Matthias Miller  37:52
had a conference. All right? Sounds good? I

Matthias Miller  38:08
Mike, how's it going? Good. How are you doing? Good? Thanks, good. Hey, just a heads up. We're gonna we got about 15 minutes before we're gonna have to almost done swap over two different zoom for some demos that I'm doing with Heather's software demos, sure. So just would love to hear from you, you're obviously filling in on.

Unknown Speaker  38:31
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  38:33
no, I'm happy to hauling side. And just want to kind of hear from you a little bit your perspective of, I don't know what's, what's, what's going on in the business. What would you like to see different? What are some?

Speaker 2  38:48
Yeah, I mean, I think it getting things, processes on paper for training purposes, as you may know, you know, hauling sheds is, is different than almost every other driving. There is, I try to get guys double the going rate of local drivers, and as soon as they find out, they got to get out of the truck, and they've got to love bricks and shit, there they're out. They'll they'll stay driving dump truck for half the money. I so that that's part of it. On on that side,

Matthias Miller  39:53
there's an idea, oh, go ahead. There's an idea I shared with Heather, is, is there a way to. So is there any way you could move more towards targeting guys in construction, where it looks like an easier job at similar pay, like instead of swinging a hammer all day, being up on a hot roof, whatever, you could be in a truck half the time move some stuff around. It's pretty easy work. I yeah, I don't, I don't know, yeah,

Speaker 2  40:24
I actually just thought the other day that I gotta see if I can find some maybe, oh, truck Facebook pages, or tow truck drivers, or those guys have the driving they have, like, some of the rigging experience and shit. So that's, that's where I was headed next, maybe to see if I could find somebody that way. And the other problem up here in Maine and down there is the driving is seasonal. Some guys don't mind that. Some guys do but it's just another speed bump. As far as the business goes, it is, honestly, I think it is the shop and me not being able to be out there, like I don't shit like yesterday, they built the gazebo kit and probably 3540 minutes away. So they took four or five guys over there. They were back here at 230 I assumed it was done, but they didn't bring the compressor to roof it, because they didn't think they'd make it that far and just shit like that, non stop, every day, all day, just constantly putting out fires and people costing us money. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  42:36
yeah. I so

Matthias Miller  42:51
have you had anybody employed at any point who really understood the production side and could keep people on track? I Yeah,

Speaker 2  43:02
yeah. I've had a few over the years. Yeah. The other side of that is once, you know, throughout the trades, as soon as people have the experience and the knowledge they want to be self employed and and everybody with a skill saw and a hammer is a carpenter. So that's the the other part of it. But yeah, I have had a couple of them that could do it and do it relatively well, and I paid them well, and I took care of them, and, you know, it just ran runs its course.

Matthias Miller  44:06
Yeah, are there where any any patterns or similarities between them, or what were their background? What? How did you find them?

Speaker 2  44:18
Honestly, my best employees have come from the high school, trade schools, but that has changed. We just did a job fair at one of the local trade shows, and very, very few kids want to work in it. It's crazy, even even kids in the carpentry program where this is. Perfect opportunity for them. They they just don't want to work.

Matthias Miller  45:16
Are there other companies in your area that are well staffed with some of these folks,

Unknown Speaker  45:32
real, really,

Speaker 2  45:40
yeah, not, not really. I mean, I don't think, I don't think there's these kids are finding other jobs. I just don't think they're finding any jobs. And the other thing is, is, you know when, when McDonald's is paying 20 bucks an hour to start, and they want to start here, and they, they're, they're young, so they, you know, are under 18, so using the saws and is is limited. So even you know you can't get a kid in here to even even sweep floors and clean up and start learning when they can go to McDonald's for 20 bucks an hour. What do

Matthias Miller  46:31
you think? Do you think there's a world there's assuming the rest of the numbers played out, that you didn't lose money? Do you think there's a wage at which you could get the right people in here. I

Speaker 2  46:44
mean, there has to be. I mean, I just, I was just contacted about,

Speaker 2  46:57
I think it was Germany, maybe, and guys from carpenters from Germany. Now, a lot of that stuff is, you know, I think a stretch. They want you to pay and and then you gotta, you gotta put them up and accommodations, and you gotta,

Speaker 2  47:28
you know, I'll say that the HR part of This is probably lacking on on my behalf and for employee reviews, tracking PTO, tracking that stuff and being consistent with Vacation time and all that shit. And it's just that Heather and I are so busy doing other shit, it's difficult to be consistent and objective with it, and I think, honestly, that would help with some of the turnover and maybe the quality of guys that we get. The other part of it is the health insurance. Most guys want, need health insurance, and I pay over over $1,000 a week for health insurance for myself, my wife and a couple of kids, and the coverage sucks. So how could I, I mean, that's somebody's wage. So how do you how do you get to a point where you can afford those benefits? And the other side of that is the guys I have now wouldn't, wouldn't invest a nickel today to make $1 tomorrow. They wouldn't. They wouldn't spend 50 cents for full health insurance. They wouldn't they. I got a financial advisor in here and set them up on for one case and all that a match, and none of them contribute. None of them put any money in. So it's so it's tough to motivate guys to either work harder, get more done, or not call out or when you. When they have no goals and they're they're happy going home and having three or four or five beers and smoking a bunch of weed and and it's Yeah,

Matthias Miller  50:27
yeah. Are there other trade schools in your area besides the high school.

Unknown Speaker  50:44
Yes, there's Southern Maine Community College, and we tried to recruit there as well, and nothing. I don't, I don't know if maybe they're being bred into

Speaker 2  51:13
thinking like the commercial side of construction is where the money is, or the other thing that will help that that hurts us now is there is no Contractor Licensing in the state of Maine. So, so any, literally, anybody, with a skill saw and a hammer can can go solicit business and not know what they're doing. So So you literally have 1000s of these guys that would be great employees that you're that you're not going to get and and I would, you have my feeling is that most of those guys, I bet 70% plus of the guys in the industry up here now will not be In the industry. Then, when that changes, because it's now a lot of them are just knuckleheads. They're not gonna they're not gonna put the time in to learn all that shit and and then when they gotta go work for somebody else. Now I gotta work outside and under somebody, or I could go to shed happens and work inside year round.

Matthias Miller  52:42
So yeah, exactly.

Speaker 2  52:48
The other part of that is when these guys, and I've had dozens over the last 33rd plus years, you know, they build sheds for a season, and they think they're a house builder and they can legit go out and and do that shit. So yeah,

Matthias Miller  53:15
we don't have time for story time and how that goes, but that would be an interesting tale,

Unknown Speaker  53:20
right? Great. Crazy.

Matthias Miller  53:28
Do you think the Germany thing has any legs to it, or some variation of it?

Speaker 2  53:38
I I mean, there might be, I think there is some opportunity for some form of that, whether it's it's veterans or and those guys, it's then you got to house them and, you know, or a lot of them, and it gets into that. But yeah, I think there might be some substance to it. I Yeah,

Matthias Miller  54:26
all right, well, we might have to pick this up later. We've got a call here at the top of the hour, at 11, your time.

Matthias Miller  54:38
Yeah, it was interesting hearing. I I got to hear chances perspective on it yesterday. It, yeah, I mean, it's, it's an interesting one. I'll put some thought into, into some some avenues, but it's an interesting one, especially the no licensing issue, uh. I talked about guys doing doing crack before they go into to

Speaker 2  55:05
do their work. Yep. And the other major issue that that I feel killed almost as much as the internet the workforce is the legalization of of we, yeah, it's, some of these guys are, like, working with Alzheimer's patients. They I'm like, we just did this yesterday. We and it's, it's like, I'm speaking Japanese. We, we did try real quick. We did try the production or piece work. And we were kind of, we did it for two weeks, and these guys just wouldn't stick with it long enough for me to to refine it and get it, get it where it was. And then there were a couple of guys who who it didn't motivate so they didn't make as much as they were making before. But couldn't understand the concept that, if they just just pick it up a little bit, and how this is supposed to work. It's It's unbelievable. It truly is on. I'm

Matthias Miller  56:33
going to do this. I have a I have a colleague, a colleague acquaintance, who's who's in the car, vintage car parts manufacturing business, and he's had exactly the same problem. And I know I've been I've been part of some discussions that he's had. I'm going to go back over there and possibly even ping him, because this is an exact replica of of what he's like. I don't know it's a page out of his story. I think I'm gonna see what I can find there. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  57:10
yeah. So

Matthias Miller  57:12
good. Well, let me gonna be a couple hours for the demos. I would love to to my touch base later this afternoon, if there's anything further to maybe talk some more, Good meeting you. Mike, likewise, thank you. Yep, thanks. Take care.

Unknown Speaker  57:34
And I wrote down your left. Oh, no, not that, that one. That's what I found so far. Yeah, that's your list that you told me that you didn't want to forget. I'm also a secretary,

Matthias Miller  57:58
one of the many hats, all right, they're over on Google meets in the calendar, there's a calendar invite with a Google meet link. Okay,

Speaker 1  58:05
let me pull it up shed for out right there. Oh, oh, hang on. This is my shed,

Matthias Miller  58:12
my shit. That is, this is my shit.

Speaker 1  58:19
Did they just send it? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  58:25
I said it last night. Got it Okay, so I'm gonna drop off here and see you over there.

Unknown Speaker  58:30
Sounds good. I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai