Matthias Miller  00:30
Hey, hey, hello again. What a morning. What a morning. What do you think? So?

Speaker 1  00:42
Honestly, I think there's like kind of pros and cons to both the my shed and shed suite. Yeah,

Speaker 1  01:05
yeah, like, I like how the driver has an app on shed suite, and it's like integrated with IDEA room already, which is what we have. I not a fan of how like you need to swap the CRM to be able to do the automations. And then it's extra to do the automations where I feel like them, the my shed, the lead collection at the beginning of the threed Builder, I think is huge, like with IDEA room, we can't do that, yep, so we only see who uses it if they submit it, and their automations are included their in stock process, I Think that's like, ginormous,

Speaker 1  02:21
and they have a material like, at least it's like a demo, like, we haven't seen that yet, but yes, at least they have that function. But

Speaker 1  02:37
again, we didn't get pricing for that one either. Not that pricing like matters, but

Matthias Miller  02:43
Oh, at some at some level, it does,

Speaker 1  02:46
yeah, like I'm already paying seven or $800 a month for the idea rum, right? And then you add shed sweet. And then that's another I my shed demo looks like,

Unknown Speaker  03:13
yeah, there's pros and cons to both,

Matthias Miller  03:17
right? I think the i

Matthias Miller  03:28
Okay, my shed seems very eager to make changes and adjustments. Shed sweet is basically you get what you get, and that's pretty much what you would see with the shed app as well, right? The integration wish with IDEA room saves time now, but I don't know if you saw on the order. It wasn't actually, it doesn't actually map out to your items in shed suite. It just

Unknown Speaker  04:01
right,

Matthias Miller  04:04
whatever, however it comes in, right? So you probably still have two separate price lists to maintain when it comes to add ons and between idea room and shit suite. I didn't really push hard on that, but that's my guess.

Unknown Speaker  04:25
Yeah. Another thing with the whole like my shed, the fact that he is running a shed business,

Matthias Miller  04:41
yes,

Speaker 1  04:46
is like, I mean, that pulls at me because he's in it. He knows what it's like. And it's like more than just the software. It's like. Yeah, but again, I guess that goes along with, like they're willing to make changes, and if they think it'll help everyone, like they're willing to kind of take that on type deal,

Matthias Miller  05:13
yeah, well, they're especially interested in it was interesting to hear what was the other guy? Car was it? Carl, what was the other guy in the call? Because he tried to sell where, where's my call list? Yeah, Carl. Carl tried to sell on custom development and and then Matt made the comment that they prefer not to do, yeah, right? And it makes, I was, I was going to ask that, because, from a software perspective, software perspective, custom is expensive. Like, it's not just if you do it custom, how are you going to make sure the features keeps working when you're doing work for the general public and like, and so it was a little bit of relief to hear Matt say that they don't really like to and that they're open to there's still this, I don't have any reason to, you know, not believe Matt or whatever it still have just a little bit of a, you know, hesitation on what gets sold and what gets done, but, but the promise, I mean, I mean, the expectations, at least, of development, seem to be pretty clear and seem to be pretty responsive.

Speaker 1  06:28
Yeah, and also, if I like looking at just their dashboard, it seems I seems much simpler.

Matthias Miller  06:47
Yes, at first it wasn't quite sure how I felt about having all of the orders and all the various statuses in a single screen. But it actually does make sense.

Speaker 1  07:01
And I think, like, because right now where we have it all in one spreadsheet,

Speaker 1  07:11
it's kind of like, it's almost like they were using all one spreadsheet before they built it, too. So like, they, I don't know, I think it's like more of an organized chaos than the shed suite was kind of like, they're like, Oh, we made this look like a CRM. And I'm like, Okay, I can't even

Matthias Miller  07:40
see this resemblance. Take all

Unknown Speaker  07:42
that in, yeah, like, and it's like, right? I don't know.

Matthias Miller  07:51
So another red flag on the shit sweet side is, so this sounds like this is written off just as a one off issue, but the fact that this is me reading into the situation a little bit, but if it takes that much development work to change a one hour delivery window to two hours on The mobile app, then there's something wrong in this software architecture.

Speaker 1  08:24
I was actually thinking that exact same thing, though, like, yeah, that seemed weird to me.

Matthias Miller  08:38
And either my shed is young, and they can get away with rapid iteration, or they actually have a good infrastructure and design under the hood that lets them develop quickly. And I don't have enough to be able to tell which one it is, but the speed of development. The relative speed of development, is certainly an interesting factor. The the one red flag, if it is this, that I would have is I have yet to hear I don't know if, I don't know if Black buildings is using shit geek marketing or not, but, you know, I don't. I never know what's well, you paid me to be a truth teller. So, yeah, no, absolutely, I've, I've not heard anybody. I actually talked to a guy last week. He's really, he's looking to switch away from shit geek marketing

Speaker 1  09:45
that's all over the Facebook pages. Like, people are unimpressed. I actually wrote that down and then highlighted it because, like, I don't

Matthias Miller  09:56
the fact that he's and this is, I kind of think i. Well, also being very honest, of being called a software being being told that the software replaces me was it was not the highlight of the call, but that's not really doesn't affect the buying decision.

Speaker 1  10:15
Oh, I know, yeah. And I was kind of like, it's almost like they, like, thought you were trying to, like, steal their software or something. Like, did you get that? Like,

Matthias Miller  10:30
that's actually probably what it was. And I wouldn't mind. I wouldn't even mind shooting Matt a message i i am not interested in. I mean, I even have to be careful what kind of ideas I give them, to be completely honest, because the client I work with, we're doing like we've done super, super in depth accounting integration, and they, they, I'm basically, they didn't sign anything, but it's a good faith, sworn to secrecy about who they are. And there are people who know, because word gets around and but I'm not the one telling people. But we have in depth like, literally, when a building gets built, the balance sheet updates with the raw material and finished goods changes. Like, it's it's super in depth. We have super in depth reporting, but they're a good client, things are slowing down, but I'm not necessarily interested in losing a great client just because I don't know. I'm not planning to write my own software. So I think, I think that's something that could be clarified too with Matt, and I think that would probably solve but, but, but,

Speaker 1  11:41
but, the lady, yeah, she was kind of like

Matthias Miller  11:45
she was a little antagonistic. Ashley, yeah, but, yeah. So, I think, I think, I think, honestly, it would help the relationship substantially. It's this is good help talking about it, because I couldn't, I didn't have the wherewithal to pick up exactly where and how, but I think you hit the nail on the head. And I think I need to have a conversation with them. And I'm very open to saying, Look, I have no intentions of building another software, like, product. Like, that's just dumb. Like, yeah, and we're already, what we're doing for a client is already, I think, more advanced than most, most software tools in the space anyway, and so I don't think they should be too scared of I don't know. So I have to reiterate that that's good. Trying to think, What else was there any other real,

Matthias Miller  12:54
okay, this is just, I'm a big fan of gut instinct to data, but that's a great salesman, so I know that, but I did not get as good of a vibe from the shit sweet side of things. And it was Yeah,

Speaker 1  13:18
and I I get that. He's like, maybe Matt's like, a great salesman, but he, I don't feel like he like, pussy footed around, like, he kind of, like, told what it was. He, like, corrected that guy that was like, oh, yeah, we can do custom. He's like, but we don't like to, like, very upfront.

Matthias Miller  13:39
He wasn't, Bs, no, there was something very genuine, like, like, there was something very, I guess, authentic, and I would say pretty laser sharp about him, like he wasn't. Bs, ing,

Speaker 1  13:49
no. And he gave me, like, the blue collar vibe, and that, like, blue collar vibe kind of, I that validates my thought of that system being simpler, like, I don't need all of this shed marketplace where they get 7% like, I don't Need a shed site services, I just feel like shed sweet tried to literally sell me everything they offer in the first five to 10

Matthias Miller  14:30
minutes. Right, right on the go high level side. Like I said, this is also where things aren't completely clear to me. I'm very open to, I went, I want to, I would actually encourage you guys to make the right decision when it comes to where you get your CRM from. I am a, I'm a go high level, go high level reseller. I. Do you like? It's a good system, so I will tell you the truth on it. Like, again, this is so you have, I'll give you a lay of the land. You have HubSpot, which is like the premium paid $35,000 a year for your everything. And it's like the, it's like the, I mean, like it's really solid, like it doesn't go down, like it's always up. Everything always works. And you get what you get, but then they do try to upsell you, like you only get so many marketing contacts you only get, unless you upgrade. And then it's a one year contract they've integrated texting and calling, but I would view that as the that's the stable big brother in the industry, like we're just here, we're good, we do what we do, and we're professional, go high level. Is extremely heavily funded. It's a startup company. It has a ton of features, and they have very aggressive development, like, like, so there's good and bad in that. So the bad is, I've literally had clients where our phones are down for a couple hours and we don't know what's going on. Well, they have, I don't know how many users? I don't know if it's, I mean, it's, it's hundreds of 1000s. Maybe I don't know exactly what it is. So it's not going to stay down for long. But with that pace of development, like they're moving at such a pace that there are sometimes things that break, but you're also getting a lot of new features. They're way more AI friendly. They got in, and like I was able to build integrations into the shutout for some clients that wasn't that was purchased because of my skill set when we could pull off, not because the shutout was compliant, but very open in integrating with other things. And so when you look at value versus price, if you can live with some of those glitches, then, like, what I like about it is that the like, the texting and calling, everything's tied in, like you can pull up a customer and you can see all the text and email conversations, you can email from inside of it, like all of that kind of stuff. And it is a let me see if I can. So I mean, I'm happy to walk you through it. Sometime, any of these people will walk you through it, sell you on whatever the features are. I'm probably not, probably not the best, actually, the best salesperson for all of these things. But they're just straight up is, you know, I think, I think the biggest thing that you would get from the biggest thing that you would get from one of these other companies is that they give you a lot of automation already, like, especially email and text message automation. But it's also not that crazy to especially if you, if you have a website, if you have existing email templates, we can totally throw it in the cloud, match your turn your tone. I love cloud for for writing. I think it's exceptional. And match your tone and have it draft a, you know, 30 day sequence off of your website and other stuff, and right? And then you just got to plug it in manually, like, that's not, that's, that's takes a little time, so, so that's a little bit of my I mean, the pitch from him is, you get all that stuff, right? The pitch for me is, I mean, probably just we can do more personalization and full control over every part of it, shit suite. I'm surprised they don't do number porting. Like that was just really because

Speaker 1  19:13
different number than you text from. Like

Matthias Miller  19:17
that's that is not a I don't understand that because go high level. I think the reason is, is that porting a number into the CRM is a lot of work, and it's really tricky. You got to fill out your forms, right? And I don't know. It's just there's some approvals you need to get for texting as a business and things like that. That can

Speaker 1  19:44
be, yeah, and then like the 911, location and all that added stuff,

Matthias Miller  19:49
yeah, I suspect really what it is, it's too much of a support burden, and they don't want to mess with it, yeah? But I don't know should be. Marketing, their CRM implementation, I think, runs about 10 to 15k and I, the guy talked to last week, said they're backed up pretty badly. So I don't know what actual execution timeline is anyway. That gives you a little bit of a bit of a Yeah, yeah. And I would be scared of doing it. I mean, I would, I would honestly think every you know this again, this is the best practices. Don't sell time for dollars whatever. But I honestly think if we did another one to two day block and just said, we're going to double down on CRM implementation, which is one of the ways I love to work, and it's time bound, and we get things done, and we have a deliverable at the end that we could do something, yeah, very effectively, Okay, with the phone numbers being kind of the last, last mile, yeah, you can't that, that time frame, you can't control,

Unknown Speaker  21:09
right, right? Yeah,

Speaker 1  21:20
yes. And that's like, I wonder how much I pay for Yeah, and then I pay like, $700 a month for podium. Oh, wow, which is kind of crazy.

Matthias Miller  21:36
Does that have unlimited texting and calling? Yeah? So there's, there's some of that, that, yeah, yeah, but that's not, that's not, you know, whatever. It's not that, that amount,

Unknown Speaker  21:59
good, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  22:07
I wonder where

Unknown Speaker  22:14
the Shut up falls between these two. Like now

Matthias Miller  22:27
I'm trying to think, I don't know. I wouldn't know how to answer that without I know speed of development. I know it's very much that you get what you get right. I doubt you can get CRM integration without me. There might be some other people who've done it, but and they don't have QuickBooks or accounting integration. I have a client who's looking at doing it right, but that's also custom development and so, and they don't really pay, they don't really play well with other software systems besides some of their web hooks, yep. So, I mean, it's a little bit, but not great, and I don't know, let's see if they say anything about product features, streamline operations, track inventory, conversion, Production, scheduling and costing, workflow management, piece rate. They do have piece rate tracking in the shed app, but you're not doing that anyway. No, they do have a bill of material. Oh, their bill of materials and supply management is coming soon on their website, at least. I don't know what iframe is. I

Speaker 1  24:04
feel like it was coming soon when we had the Shut up.

Matthias Miller  24:09
Well, you're not alone. So I have a client who bought the shut app and switched switched accounting platforms because their accounting integration was coming soon three years ago. So, yeah, I unless there

Matthias Miller  24:30
is a Yeah, I don't Yeah. What else to say?

Unknown Speaker  24:36
Yeah? Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  24:46
Yeah, I think I have a lot of weighing of options to do.

Matthias Miller  24:52
Yeah, I think so.

Speaker 1  24:57
But do you think I'm right by like, at. This point without seeing the inventory management material, like raw material, like that, my shed would be a better option than shed sweet.

Matthias Miller  25:13
That's that would be the direction. I mean, that's where I'm leaning. Yeah, the only thing that would what that would pop that balloon would be if we find out that that actual I think there have been some, there has been some feedback in the past, longer ago, about them not being as responsive to requests. I feel like I also saw somewhere that they've been staffing up bit. And so that would be the only if there would be some way to, hey, could we talk to a few users, one or two users?

Unknown Speaker  25:58
Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  26:13
I just got an email from matt black, but I think I was Just like meeting notes,

Unknown Speaker  26:32
maybe

Matthias Miller  26:39
not all of us. I was,

Unknown Speaker  26:43
oh, it's the for Wednesday.

Matthias Miller  26:46
Okay, got it perfect, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  26:53
yeah.

Matthias Miller  26:57
I mean, I think, I think between now and then there's really not that much. I mean, I think I would, I would agree with you. I think I think that's the right general direction. I think it's a matter of nailing down some of those details. Like, yeah, and I am interested in here. I mean, you can't make your decisions off of opportunity, and yet I can't. I am so frustrated by the state of lead generation in the shit industry like and I hear that frustration, and I Yeah, 12 month contracts, and I don't know one thing and the other and right? So, yeah, I would say that that's the

Matthias Miller  27:56
I have. I have a guy who's run, they've had, had run stuff, run Google ads in the past, and I've recommended him for Google audience for second opinions, and I haven't. So I mean, I can throw some stuff. I'll put some of that stuff into the report when we okay to all go over, but yeah,

Speaker 1  28:20
yeah, and then this afternoon, I'll jump on Mike's computer when we get off, and send over those reports that I downloaded yesterday. Perfect. Sounds good.

Matthias Miller  28:33
Yeah. Do you is there anything else I

Matthias Miller  28:44
uh, do you want to, do you want to check with Mike if there's anything else he wanted to chat about? Um, he's

Speaker 1  28:49
not back yet. He's not back yet. Okay, oh yeah. He ended up going to one of our, like, rental properties to help the guys with something.

Matthias Miller  28:57
Okay, so here's, here's my thought. My thought is maybe with us picking up some more time next week. Let's wrap it up now, and we can, like we can we can circle back. Feel free to text, text me with questions, thoughts that you have. I'll watch my email for that, and I think you're in the good, good trajectory. Good path.

Speaker 1  29:27
Yeah, I think so too. Yeah, no, I feel accomplished. I i Like took a bunch of notes too,

Speaker 1  29:40
and I'll let Phil Mike in. And Kinda, yeah, yeah, but I definitely feel accomplished. I appreciate you being on there, because I wouldn't have asked half the questions that you did. Right? I get like, so sidetracked, like

Matthias Miller  30:07
it's understandable, and you don't get those types of questions without being in the industry and in the software space for right? You know what it's like when I mean, you have the same thing with real estate for yourself and whatever else. Yeah, you get it, yeah,

Speaker 1  30:24
yeah, cool. So let's plan on that. Then I'll shoot those reports over to you this afternoon. I'll actually go do it right now, okay, but that actually works out, because with Hannah, not here, I should probably go get some work.

Matthias Miller  30:41
Yep, sounds good. All right,

Speaker 1  30:43
cool. Thank you so much. Yes, you're welcome, Heather. I'll see you

Matthias Miller  30:47
later. All right, we'll be in touch. Thanks. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai