Unknown Speaker  00:00
Kevin,

Unknown Speaker  00:01
welcome to pub in the desert, where we bring you honest, curious conversations about faith and the human experience. I'm Matthias Miller, and here again, with my co host, Kevin David kritner, before we dive in, we're going to recap our three guiding principles. Number one, we believe you don't need to be fixed. You need to be known. And we believe that love is knowing and being known. Second, we approach difficult topics with genuine curiosity. We aren't here to win arguments. We're here to understand and third, we don't come with preset agendas. We let conversations unfold naturally, following where authenticity leads us. So go ahead, pull up a chair, grab a drink, and let's explore what union looks like with God, with others and with ourselves. So Kevin,

Unknown Speaker  00:40
I'm just gonna give you a softball pitch. What have you been thinking about

Unknown Speaker  00:45
last week? Ruminating on Well, my first thought is, when you said, we're not here to win arguments. My next thought was, we may start some

Unknown Speaker  00:58
and I don't consider that an altogether bad thing.

Unknown Speaker  01:02
You know, if, if there's, I think there's a few rules for good fights, and it's if there's kindness, if there's respect, if there's a mutual desire for the truth,

Unknown Speaker  01:16
if there's openness to learn and to change and to and to express your thoughts.

Unknown Speaker  01:25
Yeah, yeah. One of my closest friends, he's been married 3540 years, and as long as I've known him, I've known him for 20 years.

Unknown Speaker  01:36
As long as I've known him, he talks about there's just times that him and his wife have to get in the ring. And

Unknown Speaker  01:43
I'm like, Tell me about that, please. Like, the first time I heard is that, like, Tell me about that. He's like, there's sometimes where we just have to have it out. And I was like, what does having out look like? And he, he just described what you said. There's, there's mutual respect, there's kindness, there's the willingness to listen to the other person, and there's they both have the desire for the truth to come out.

Unknown Speaker  02:06
And like, Okay, awesome. So you have this dynamic within your your marriage, within your relationship, where every once in a while things reach attention, and you just have to get it in the ring and have it out.

Unknown Speaker  02:22
He always knows that he goes when the finger goes up, it's time for one of those from either one of them, like one of them we talked with, I'll be like,

Unknown Speaker  02:32
it's time to get in the ring.

Unknown Speaker  02:35
I love it.

Unknown Speaker  02:39
I yeah, I feel like there's so much

Unknown Speaker  02:44
the attempt to be nice sometimes has such a negative impact on really productive conversations, right, right?

Unknown Speaker  02:54
Well, it's, it's, it's interesting. There's a book that was written, and I don't believe this guy's a believer. I think he's, a psychologist, but he wrote a book called No More, Mr. Nice Guy. And I forget his name, we can probably put it in the show notes,

Unknown Speaker  03:08
but his whole point is, niceness is a psychological disorder. It's called people pleasing.

Unknown Speaker  03:16
Nice doesn't tell the truth.

Unknown Speaker  03:19
It's always managing perception and maneuvering so that nobody's upset, and keeping the peace, and that kind of thing is and his point is, kindness. Kindness tells the truth, and sometimes in that there's disagreement,

Unknown Speaker  03:35
and you have to be strong enough and resilient enough to deal with that disagreement. Mm, just disagreement. There's pain,

Unknown Speaker  03:46
yeah,

Unknown Speaker  03:48
or there can be

Unknown Speaker  03:50
Yeah. The more I think about it, the more I I was raised in an environment where Jesus was the nice guy,

Unknown Speaker  04:01
and the more I've looked at it over the years, the more I've thought about the more I see that Jesus wasn't nice at all. Like read the book of Matthew. He doesn't come off as a nice guy. He's kind certainly, but not nice.

Unknown Speaker  04:19
So

Unknown Speaker  04:21
okay, this is, this is not where I expected our conversation to go. Does it ever go where you expected to go? Well,

Unknown Speaker  04:30
Kevin, if you would be quiet and let me control and dominate the conversation, we wouldn't have this problem

Unknown Speaker  04:36
dominate on my friend.

Unknown Speaker  04:41
I mean, because I've heard arguments around Jesus being nice around, you know, why did Jesus one example? Why did Jesus let Judas Minister alongside everybody else when he was in why did he let Judas manage the money bag when money apparently was Judas weakness? Or I.

Unknown Speaker  05:00
You know, at least in one moment, it was his weakness. We don't know that it was, I mean, maybe it wasn't actually, now that, now that, now I'm reiterating this, it makes me question, do we know that it was his weakness? Maybe it was actually the drive for power and and

Unknown Speaker  05:17
because he later, he later regretted taking the money to betray Jesus. He throws it back in the temple. He throws it back in the temple. So maybe, you know,

Unknown Speaker  05:30
maybe it's fear seeking safety.

Unknown Speaker  05:33
Maybe it's fear seeking safety.

Unknown Speaker  05:36
So was Jesus passive and kind and allowing Him to minister alongside everybody else.

Unknown Speaker  05:45
Well, this brings up a conversation that we started on Monday, which we've talked about off air. Yep,

Unknown Speaker  05:54
here's the fascinating question for me, if you look back at First Samuel, why did God choose Saul?

Unknown Speaker  06:06
All the elements are there.

Unknown Speaker  06:10
Like, he's, he's the least of these from the least of these, the least family in the smallest tribe.

Unknown Speaker  06:19
He hides in the baggage like, you know, there's, there's, there's all these markers that say, like, Okay, this guy is, he's, let's just, let's be kind and let's say he's not developed,

Unknown Speaker  06:33
Correct? He's not mature,

Unknown Speaker  06:36
yep. Why did God anoint him?

Unknown Speaker  06:43
And you could say, and I've heard people say this,

Unknown Speaker  06:47
and we can debate it, that it was as punishment to Israel. Oh, you want a king. Here you go. Oh, welcome to passive aggressive guy. You want this? I'll show you right exactly. I mean, he looks good, like Scripture tells us he's tall. He looks very kingly, you know all these hands. I mean, it looks good,

Unknown Speaker  07:07
but here you go.

Unknown Speaker  07:12
That's passive aggressive. God, yes, no, I can't, I don't think that that's what's happening.

Unknown Speaker  07:19
Maybe to answer the Judas question, or to answer the Saul question, we have to rethink what calling looks like.

Unknown Speaker  07:27
I would

Unknown Speaker  07:29
agree with that I've benefited greatly from redefining calling.

Unknown Speaker  07:36
Maybe calling is the act of formation. Maybe it's God saying, Come walk with me. I want

Unknown Speaker  07:42
to teach you some things. I want to show you some things.

Unknown Speaker  07:47
What better place for Judas to be than in the presence of Jesus consistently?

Unknown Speaker  07:56
What better place

Unknown Speaker  07:59
when you look at discipleship. This has been my frame for Jesus. Is that, for a variety of reasons, Jesus, fundamentally, is God incarnate. I think the message translates it as he moved into our neighborhood,

Unknown Speaker  08:16
and so he's moving he's living life with the disciples, day to day life. I'm intrigued how much of his kingdom teachings have this analogy of,

Unknown Speaker  08:27
like, almost a sense of like, I'm walking along and like, Guys, I'm trying to explain the kingdom. Okay, you guys are you guys understand wheat you know, wheat fields. Let me explain the kingdom in this way. I mean, it's almost like, where is an example around me that I can use to relate the kingdom to you in a way that makes sense to you,

Unknown Speaker  08:46
a form of, kind of translating eternal realities in language that they can understand.

Unknown Speaker  08:54
Parable story, parable story. So there's a real sense of just walking alongside, doing life together and and hopefully there being this process of formation that happens through the all

Unknown Speaker  09:11
the things of just living life, right, Right?

Unknown Speaker  09:16
Like it's a call into greater freedom, right? Mm,

Unknown Speaker  09:24
like, if you think about freedom, like, how would you define freedom for you personally?

Unknown Speaker  09:34
Like, that's, can you please get a bigger question? Like, that's,

Unknown Speaker  09:41
give me a minute. I'll think about

Unknown Speaker  09:44
it. While you're thinking of your question, I'll be thinking of the answer to mine. I mean, I think fundamentally freedom

Unknown Speaker  09:52
is

Unknown Speaker  09:55
man.

Unknown Speaker  10:02
There's a sense in which freedom is the ability to live life without having

Unknown Speaker  10:14
negative factors controlling my decisions.

Unknown Speaker  10:21
That's a really rough and poorly stated and probably not fully thought through definition of freedom. But it's, it's like,

Unknown Speaker  10:30
well, it's an idea of forming, right? It's an idea of forming. I mean, there's some sense in which, if you you know, let's, let's, well, I mean, there's Okay, let's, let's go internal and external freedom. External freedom, essentially, is not having people get in the way of where I need to be and what I need to do at any given moment. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  10:54
Internal freedom, then,

Unknown Speaker  10:58
is, seems to me like an internal world that's structured in such a way that

Unknown Speaker  11:04
when my internal world gets disrupted, I have a mechanism by which to find my path, pathway back to peace.

Unknown Speaker  11:14
What if we simplified it okay, to build forward. What if freedom is simply,

Unknown Speaker  11:24
and this is simplistic, I get it. We're starting here. What if freedom is simply you get to choose. You become aware of the idea that you get to choose.

Unknown Speaker  11:42
What I mean, if you look at the etymology of the word, I don't know it for sure, but it seems like that's pretty close to the essence of it, right, right? You get to choose,

Unknown Speaker  11:56
because love is only possible if it's a choice,

Unknown Speaker  12:01
if there's any coercion at all, love is diminished.

Unknown Speaker  12:07
We're not operating in a black and white world here, where it's all love or it's all not

Unknown Speaker  12:12
most of human in all, I would say all of human interaction. And I, I agree being wrong on this, but all of it is on that spectrum between freedom, freedom and

Unknown Speaker  12:27
slavery.

Unknown Speaker  12:32
Slavery is that place you don't have a choice, and freedom is that place that you do you

Unknown Speaker  12:49
Okay, so

Unknown Speaker  12:53
question, what does accountability look? Accountability look like

Unknown Speaker  12:59
in light of that, because there's a sense in which you can use it to say, I can harm whoever I want to because,

Unknown Speaker  13:10
well, I think fundamentally what you're saying for this be true. Okay, let me, let me finish my thought. There are people who will say and will defend people, because I have the right to choose, you can't take away my freedom, therefore I am able to enslave other people. And I can argue that logically, even though I'm using tools of manipulation, everybody has a choice, and so therefore I'm not enslaving them. Despite me using manipulative tactics

Unknown Speaker  13:44
when in reality. So it's this really weird, you know, paint the devil white kind of thing, and it's reality. You're enslaving them, like, how do you? And so then, then you have an external voice that says, Wait, that's not right. I respect your I mean, at some level, there's a recognition that you have the choice to do that, but these people who are being victimized don't have a choice. How do you how

Unknown Speaker  14:12
do you tease apart that conversation, right? It's interesting, right?

Unknown Speaker  14:19
My first thing, my first thought is, yes, of course you have the freedom to do that.

Unknown Speaker  14:26
Of course you

Unknown Speaker  14:28
do. But there's also consequences for that.

Unknown Speaker  14:32
Freedom doesn't mean no consequences. That's what freedom on the other side means. I get to do whatever I want, and nobody gets to say anything about it.

Unknown Speaker  14:40
No, you're free to choose, but there are outcomes from that. There are consequences.

Unknown Speaker  14:52
And like, like David in Psalm 51 right

Unknown Speaker  14:56
just after what happens with him and best she.

Unknown Speaker  15:00
But what

Unknown Speaker  15:02
is it? What does he say in Psalm 51 God, I have sinned against you and you alone. I have broken the created order.

Unknown Speaker  15:16
I am responsible for that he was free to choose to do with Bathsheba what he would and Uriah and, you know, all these decisions. He was free to do that,

Unknown Speaker  15:30
just like Paul says, Everything is permissible, not everything is beneficial.

Unknown Speaker  15:37
So, yeah, he had the freedom to do that,

Unknown Speaker  15:41
but there were consequences, and the the worst consequences you can get is having to stand before truth, before love,

Unknown Speaker  15:52
before the eternal singularity, before God, and say, you put this, This world in order in this way, and I broke it intentionally.

Unknown Speaker  16:06
That's the soul shattering moment. That's Nathan walking into David throne room and going, Hey buddy, how about this situation? Oh yeah, that guy should be, you know, that guy should be handled this way. That guy is you. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  16:24
I find it very curious that fundamentally, manipulation is an attempt to control the consequences for my choice. Yes, I want,

Unknown Speaker  16:34
we agree you have your choice, but the manipulation says I want the choice and I want to control the outcome. I want my cake, and I want to eat it as well. It's so pretty and designed and wonderful, but I also really want to eat it.

Unknown Speaker  16:53
And can I have ABS with that as well? You know, right? That's human nature.

Unknown Speaker  16:59
Yeah. Look at I mean, you know this from business how many business men, that businessmen, business women, business people that you've operated with over the years have that mindset that I see my cake and it's beautiful and I want to eat it.

Unknown Speaker  17:18
Well, I

Unknown Speaker  17:24
I think we all have it. I think it's very prevalent. You can predict what parts of the business are working well and not working well based on the presence of that line of thinking. Yes,

Unknown Speaker  17:36
and very clear, right? With numbers, it's numbers, it's, it's, it's it. You can't lie. You can't lie. You can't I mean, well, actually you can.

Unknown Speaker  17:47
Fun story. One of my, one of my clients, recommended it, recommended a book. I haven't read it, so I'll just leave it off the table. But it's, it's the book on how to basically get numbers to lie, not from the point of taking advantage of people, but from the point of, there's 1,000,001 ways to cook the books. Yeah, and even when it comes to numbers that don't lie, actually, numbers do lie because people manipulate numbers and they get them to lie. And yeah, numbers are tools. Numbers are tools like like Mark Twain said, There's lies, there's damn lies, and then there's statistics.

Unknown Speaker  18:34
It's,

Unknown Speaker  18:35
have you heard of Enron?

Unknown Speaker  18:39
Have you heard of Bernie Madoff? They all had numbers. Have you heard of Have you heard of Epstein? They all had numbers.

Unknown Speaker  18:52
You're not wrong.

Unknown Speaker  18:57
We had I remember this church I was going to, maybe late high school, early college, that kind of thing. I remember, you're sitting in service, and one of the ushers would come down and he had, like a little note card in his hand and like a little pencil, and he'd stand there, and he'd look from side to side, pretty big sanctuary, look side to side, like, what is that guy doing? And it happened a couple times. And maybe it probably happened more than that, but I just noticed it a couple times. And I remember going up to one of my buddies who was like the youth pastor, whatever I go, is that guy doing? He goes, Oh, he's counting how many people are in the service,

Unknown Speaker  19:36
numbers,

Unknown Speaker  19:38
numbers. It wasn't accurate because he didn't go by and count every single person. He was looking for full rows. A full row was typically this many people,

Unknown Speaker  19:50
right estimation. Why do we need numbers in a church service?

Unknown Speaker  19:57
Oh, goodness. I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai