Unknown Speaker  00:46
Good morning,

Matthias Miller  00:47
good morning.

Speaker 1  00:52
That voice is always shocking. It says recording in progress could start that's not your voice.

Matthias Miller  01:01
They should actually do that. They should let you, you know, customers it, yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  01:10
then I can make a joke out of it, and everything would be fine.

Matthias Miller  01:13
Exactly.

Unknown Speaker  01:14
You are being watched.

Matthias Miller  01:16
You are being watched. Big Brother is looking over your shoulder. I

Unknown Speaker  01:20
I mean, it's fair, it's what's happening.

Matthias Miller  01:26
It is what's happening. You know, we live in 2024 when 911 is now about do you remember tower seven? And have you watched all of these other videos? And it's not about the terrorists, so right, to

Speaker 1  01:49
summarize that it's not about what actually happened. Yeah, even though you live in 2024 when,

Matthias Miller  02:02
uh, has there ever been more of a battle over reality?

Unknown Speaker  02:08
I

Matthias Miller  02:09
I don't think so. I mean, you have to understand that. I'll you know, Malcolm gladwells, no Malcolm Muggeridge, sorry, wrong. Malcolm. Malcolm muggeridge's quote about all news is old news happening to new people? I mean, yeah.

Speaker 1  02:27
Or Solomon's quote, there's nothing new under the sun. Nothing

Matthias Miller  02:32
new under the sun.

Speaker 1  02:34
Yeah, I have a new idea. No, you don't. No, you don't. It's just new to you,

Matthias Miller  02:42
and it might even be new to everybody else around you,

Unknown Speaker  02:47
but not to the world,

Matthias Miller  02:49
but not to the world. Oh, man,

Speaker 1  02:54
I feel like I could just vent for a good two hours straight. I I legitimately saw four minutes of the debate last night, and I would just, I'm done. I

Matthias Miller  03:17
yeah, yes.

Speaker 1  03:24
There's so many other things I could do with my time,

Matthias Miller  03:29
but aren't you worried about the cats and dogs in Springfield, Ohio?

Speaker 1  03:36
No, maybe that makes me a horrible person, but no,

Matthias Miller  03:43
you're the ones getting eaten by terrorists anyway. Oh, gracious, there's no winning. No, no.

Speaker 1  03:59
Yeah, I honestly had this thought yesterday I was I was reading something, and then like, was praying, and it's like, I know I've heard throughout my life, Jesus is the only way, and I believe that with everything inside me, but it became a new level of real like yesterday, as I was praying, like, there is no other way. Like this has gone so far down a path that, like, there's no other way, Jesus, you have to do something. Yeah. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  04:46
Well, I mean, it is, you know, on one hand, it's impressive, the success that we've enjoyed as a nation, and how cohesive we've been for how long. But then you also. Think about are very bloodied and very sketchy History Throughout that time. So it's part of the patriotism narrative has been maintaining hope in our country by painting it in positive colors. And there's a place for, I mean, there's certainly a place for hope. Oh yeah. I mean, we need it. Sometimes it's almost worse when you have the illusion. It's it's sometimes easier to deal with life as it shouldn't be when you just deal with life as it shouldn't be, but when you it's kind of actually does have a correlation. But the glass shattering event is when you've been living under illusion and falsehood, the awakening makes it worse.

Matthias Miller  06:07
West Stafford was talking about. So he grew up in Africa.

Unknown Speaker  06:13
He got her delusions are shattered.

Matthias Miller  06:18
He grew up in in Africa. Yeah, exactly. And he was constantly losing his friends, and, you know, he asked his dad one time in tears when, when his chart was going to be to die. And his dad was like, Well, do you see these scratch marks in the arm? He's like, Yeah. He's like, That's a vaccine. That means you're not going to get this and you're not going to die, which just made the problem so much more worse. How did I, especially in that culture, very much and we look out for each other, you have to this is how we survive. How come I have it? He showed the example. One of the worst things you could have done to him is give him two pieces of candy, because he could have had one, and he had a dozen friends, and who was he going to pick for the other one? So just give me one. Don't make me. Education became a challenge because they were so into sharing that it wasn't cheating, it was helping each other out. And so that was the frame. And then he comes to New York City and walks into a grocery store filled with groceries. He's like, Oh, that was his coming back, his glass shattering event, like there is enough food. And then walks into a pharmacy, and he sees and asks them, what is this place? And it's like, medicines. And he's like, Well, do you have vaccines? And like, yes, we have, in the back, he's like, so we could have, there are enough resources in the world that could have saved these kids lives. And then there's, you know, lashing out in anger because of these cold, heartless people, and then coming around and realizing that they're not called it heartless. They're just ignorant. They've never lived a life where they don't that harvest meant some people were going to starve. Yeah, no idea.

Unknown Speaker  08:14
Never lived on the razor's edge.

Unknown Speaker  08:17
On the razor edge, I

Speaker 1  08:25
A there's, there's a movie number of years ago. It's called A Million Ways to Die in the West. It was a comedy movie, but the whole premise was like, if we today went and lived like in the westward movement across the United States. The thing that would be most shocking to us is how readily available death was. Like, you could step in a hole and break your ankle and die infection. You can't move, you know, all that kind of stuff, like, can, can't keep up, whatever, yeah, wild animals like, all everything. It's like we are so insulated from the reality of life. And I'm not saying that's a bad thing. I think we've made amazing progress in that area, but it also creates a mindset, a delusional mindset where we can focus on, how do I get more money? Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  09:38
one of the issues

Speaker 1  09:39
we struggle with and our current world in places that are less developed for 100 years ago, these are not issues. You have to have an increasing amount of disposable time to have these. Issues, and if you're spending time surviving and taking care of your community, you don't have time to mess with these things,

Matthias Miller  10:08
right? Well, it's, it's, it's almost like I

Matthias Miller  10:24
I mean, okay, let's take a look at masculinity, whatever that means, if, if you accept that there's a primal need to hunt and to fight and to defend and to build. And then you you create. We're just going to pick on corporate you create. Corporate environments can be whatever business environments in which you're fed, you're like the game is all mental and political,

Matthias Miller  11:16
And it's way more complex. I mean, if you're fighting for your for your, for your life, it ends up being mostly binary, like look out for dangers, and if you see that bear coming after you, you're either, you know, you'd better be armed. You better have some kind of escape, some kind of whatever. But there's no psychologically manipulating the bear to think that you're a cub. No,

Unknown Speaker  11:56
that doesn't happen. That

Matthias Miller  11:58
doesn't happen. And in the case of illnesses, it's there's limited number of resources, though, it's just using all the standard protocols, whatever that may be, rest and, you know, whatever,

Matthias Miller  12:22
like on one hand, we're grateful that we don't have to play the game. Well, no, I mean, it's a little bit of in that other environment. You have to get in the arena, or you're not going to belong in the community, or you're not going to belong, or you're not going to stay alive, right? And and with disposable time and disposable income Being in the arena becomes optional, right? I

Speaker 1  13:13
Hello, the basically, to me, is the incredible lack of maturity that comes about. Reading in First Corinthians three, Paul starts off by talking about, I I fed you with milk because you were babies and didn't have solid food, and it's the time for you to start eating solid food. But you're incredibly immature, because you live in Corinth, a place in which, and this is my interpretation, he doesn't say this, but you live in Corinth, in a place where there's so much abundance and lavish wealth that you haven't had to be mature. And then he starts going into like, you chose sides. I follow Apollos. I follow Paul. I follow, you know, all these things, and it's like, Isn't it very relatable to what's happening in our society right now? I follow Kamal. I follow Trump like, yeah, it's very immature. It's not about the actual issues. It's not about the.

Matthias Miller  15:01
Not about holding us. It's about belonging. I

Matthias Miller  15:38
It's interesting how these patterns you can this is kind of a meta narrative that applies everywhere. The fastest way to flesh out problems in a business is to drain cash. And there's one business advisor who basically made that a strategy. Every x months, we're going to pull cash and we're going to look at what breaks like. Where is this not that's how we find the holes. That's how we find the holes. And I mean in almost every mean profit hides the multitude of sins. And it's not when I mean the economy tightening or slowing down or shifting, usually is just a shaking to me that gets either to shake free companies that aren't contributing value into the economy so they close down or within companies that are proactive To shake free from team members who aren't performing um.

Matthias Miller  17:07
Isn't there a continuum between somewhere there's a healthy continuum between, like survival and I

Matthias Miller  17:26
I don't know how to describe it, complacent, complacency,

Unknown Speaker  17:33
comfort, comfort seeking, comfort,

Matthias Miller  17:35
comfort seeking. Like isn't here. Let me get my like, like we have somewhere here. Well, it's not even comfort seeking. It's just it is straight up comfort. And here it's, it's fight or flight. I uh, survival, okay, so, and let's put survival up top here. And let's put over abundance, I don't know, or oversupply. And so this becomes living here on the razor's edge at some level, at the point, at some point in this space becomes unhealthy here. So this is unhealthy. And over on this space, it becomes unproductive.

Unknown Speaker  18:40
What we

Matthias Miller  18:42
entitled?

Matthias Miller  18:48
And what we see is we talked about this, Bezos musk, etc, are intentionally pushing themselves over in this direction? Yep, and they may even be pushing themselves all the way over there. That's their choice. I'm not an advocate. I don't think it's productive, right? But there's a dial that you can turn. What

Unknown Speaker  19:17
does that dial look like in your conception.

Matthias Miller  19:21
In my conception, the dial is something like, I mean, I think it is a bit of

Matthias Miller  19:37
dropping the safety net, yeah, which is so, I mean, we have the so here in the middle, we have the dial. This is the, and it's, it's, you know, okay, so dropping safety net, which may mean, I. Uh, you know, which may mean draining cash. And that doesn't mean that, literally, you go spend it all or give it all away, but it may mean we are intentionally removing cash from this entity so that to put put stress on this, on it, to get it to produce or but, I mean, isn't, but isn't? This also workouts. This is also physical fitness, so you have over calories. Comfort, not just comfort seeking, but living income,

Unknown Speaker  20:47
unproductive,

Matthias Miller  20:47
entitled, unproductive entitled, overweight, curable, obesity, type two diabetes, type two diabetes, and now we can throw in dimension, other mental related things into that as well. So here we have extreme forms of high intensity workouts. Yeah, CrossFit, the bro CrossFit, if I can nuance, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  21:22
uh huh, yeah, exactly, yeah,

Matthias Miller  21:24
yeah, and then, and then, but here in the middle. So what? What is this? What is the safety net? I don't know what the safety net really ends up being, but there's this intentional choice to, I mean, one of the, oh, what is it? There's a term for this. I don't remember what it is, but the health trainer I did a health day a month or so ago, and he was talking about the concept of every workout in every every workout should be optimized for max reps. So you go to the you go to the point where you could not do more.

Speaker 1  22:12
Yeah, it's the same thing in running. There's programs that teach you to run to your limit for as long as you can. So to optimize the stress, there's even there's a guy really big on YouTube, he talks about time under tension. If you increase your time under tension, you'll get stronger.

Matthias Miller  22:35
Yes, which is another way to So, which ends up being less joint strain, but you can still then get to your So, so this to your limit. So this is run slash workout to limit. Yeah, and, but where you see injuries happening is when, when you attempt to go past that point when

Speaker 1  23:05
you ignore the call your body's calling. I've had enough. You ignore it. I wish it's funny. I was just when I was in Texas, I was talking to somebody, and he was talking about how he had hurt his knee or something, skiing, and he's like, wouldn't you know it was the last run of the day? And if I've heard that story 1000 times, the last run of the day is when I got hurt. I pushed myself to go one more time I got hurt. It's like your body's saying, like, enough is enough, and you keep going.

Matthias Miller  23:42
So which is really interesting, because there's also this, okay, so, okay, body screen stop,

Speaker 1  23:54
or like Gabor mate's book, when the body says no, on an emotional level, he's talking about this process. What happens when the body says, no,

Matthias Miller  24:06
okay, but you've also talked about the the point, because there's this point in running which you're more familiar with, but I've experienced it myself, where you're not that far in and your body is screaming, bloody murder, like, just stop it, and if you just say no, you're okay, you're safe, we can do this. And you push through a few minutes of that, and all of a sudden you hit this whole other wind. Yes, of I could just go on forever,

Speaker 1  24:34
yeah. So I don't think it's, I don't think it's the body saying no at that point, that's the mind.

Matthias Miller  24:44
So then you have the body says, Stop or and this is the, by the way, okay, this is the Just One More injury. Then we have the mind. A screen stop, and this is where we stop prior to the limit. Yes,

Speaker 1  25:11
and a lot of it comes so because I think it connects really deeply to the oversupply that come for unproductive, entitled My mind is used to this, and I'm trying to do this, and it's fighting back against that, that tension between those two poles fighting

Matthias Miller  25:34
for safety and familiarity. Yeah, okay,

Matthias Miller  25:48
there's also really interesting business book that talks about just one more, like it's, and I'm not quite sure how I feel the power of one more, I think, yeah,

Matthias Miller  26:07
but, and, I mean, maybe we've already answered this. I think the question is determining, well, I don't know that it's a simple answer. If I had to answer it with just one more, my answer would be, first of all, you have to recognize you're always sacrificing something for just one more. So what is it? Are you sacrificing something of value? So you're just one more? Could be, and I haven't read the book, so I'm just using it off the off the concept, but just one more, it could be one more sales meeting every single day, right? Which could be at the expense of payment, one more phone call, one more phone call,

Unknown Speaker  26:49
yeah, which?

Matthias Miller  26:52
Which could be in in some cases, one more drink, one more drink. There you go. There you go.

Speaker 1  27:00
There you go. This resonates with me deeply. I really am drawn into this whole paradigm that we have up here. A friend of mine who just recently passed away a year ago, covid. That's beside the point. I remember when I was young, I was probably 1819, and he was the dad of one of my close friends, and I became close with him. I remember him talking about he was at work, and he was a salesman. He sell, sold plastic water jugs, like all that kind of stuff, milk containers, everything. And he was telling me a story like, yeah, I was at work on Friday, and I was it was done with a week. I just wanted to go home, and my boss said, just make one more sales call. So make one more. And so he made one more. And he happened to make a big sale, and that one more. And then the the the wisdom imparted. There was just do one more, and it never resonated with me, because I was like, You were exhausted. You had given everything you could in this week, and yet you did one more, and you got a positive reinforcement from it, but it was unhealthy for you.

Unknown Speaker  28:18
Wow.

Speaker 1  28:21
Wow, obviously, I didn't have the word to quant. Were to quantify that at the age. But as I look back now, it's like, no, this is like, this was pushing yourself beyond your limit.

Matthias Miller  28:35
And if you really want to look at it, your his boss was programming him with all the feel good chemicals of over exerting himself and over committing himself to work, yes, yeah, and

Unknown Speaker  28:57
that was Okay, because it's socially acceptable.

Matthias Miller  29:00
So but then the question really comes down to, and maybe it is as simple as mind body discernment is, what is your Well, we're still going to go back to priorities. What are you sacrificing? And right? Okay with sacrifice. Oh, I mean, okay, because I know people sometimes push back on this, but we we have an abundance of time, but it's still finite, yeah, so you can have one more sale, or you can have one more hour with your family, right?

Speaker 1  29:39
This is fascinating. So a buddy of mine owns a Chick fil A, and he has for 10 years, and I've walked with Him through the whole thing, and he has been through the ringer, through hell and back, because this owning this place is ridiculous. There. There's not only one fire to put out. There's like multiple stage five fires every day, sometimes literal fire. And I've known him for for 20 years, and I have seen this guy be so devout work wise, to do the right thing, to approach things the right way, and I respect that so much in him, and then also to do that with his family. And I've respected him so much. And just last week, we had this conversation, and he was saying, I just came to the realization that all these years I've been fighting the natural flow of things. There was a drive in me to do more, to be more, to be presented as the thing. And I had to, I had to say to I was like, I've admired you all these years for those things, but really, your dysfunction is just socially acceptable. Yeah, you got positive affirmation for it, yeah, but your body's breaking down. Your emotions are breaking down, all that stuff.

Matthias Miller  31:14
Well, we have a word for it. We call it discipline,

Speaker 1  31:18
yes, which really, if you translate it is self abuse,

Speaker 1  31:31
because it he like, that's the, that's the perfect word is, is he is the most disciplined person I know, all the way down to how he eats, like I remember sitting in lunch with him and watching him eat. And this guy would go to a fish taco place, and he would get tortilla and fish, and that's all, nothing else on it. And I, I remember once years ago, I called him a sociopath because he ate like that, and he just laughs. I'm like, How do you even do that? There's no taste there. You're not even enjoying it. He's like, No, I enjoy it. It gives me fuel. I'm like, no, no, that's that's fun.

Matthias Miller  32:13
Yes, yes, yes,

Unknown Speaker  32:17
you're just functional.

Matthias Miller  32:21
So, okay, so, so, I mean, this is this is fun, just one more myth. So this is rewarding, self abuse,

Matthias Miller  32:38
socially acceptable for know, dysfunction. But then there's also this interesting thing with discipline. Discipline. Think of the look at, I mean, this should have been obvious. I was looking at etymology. Guess what? The root word of discipline is, disciple. I Yeah, so discipline is all about learning and being shaped. Yes, to follow a person, to follow the life of a person,

Speaker 1  33:18
right? Follow me as I follow Christ, as Paul would say,

Matthias Miller  33:21
Yep. And what we've taken it to be, which is, which is, which is a better interpretation. You look at the gifts of the spirit of self control as a fruit. The problem is that we have these. I mean, you could, you could put these both, but, but here we've taken it to mean regimented,

Matthias Miller  33:59
unbending. I and we put the self abuse in here. Perfect number one,

Matthias Miller  34:18
which is nothing

Speaker 1  34:19
I have. I have a client who absolutely adores Kobe Bryant, always has, and he around the time that Kobe died and the the helicopter crash, he's like, so sad, so upset. He's like, what happened? I was like, it was the manifestation of his ego. He had pushed the limit so hard for so long that the real world did not even play into his mindset. This man was told, we cannot fly a helicopter through the fog. It is very dangerous. And he looked at the pie. It and said, Let's go

Unknown Speaker  35:04
and killed everybody on that helicopter. And then, you know who gets blamed for the crash?

Matthias Miller  35:12
I'm sure it's

Speaker 1  35:16
and he should have said, No, I'm not going, of course, but you're standing in front of this man who was so utterly delusional and so revered throughout

Matthias Miller  35:25
the world.

Unknown Speaker  35:28
You say no to him,

Unknown Speaker  35:35
that's that's the discipline

Matthias Miller  35:38
Angie will if you say no and you walk away, you will never get credit for saving his life. No, you will only be the guy, only be known as the guy who stood up to Kobe and told him no and you're

Unknown Speaker  35:50
the jerk. You're

Matthias Miller  35:52
the jerk, you're the jerk. Yeah. Okay. Very fascinating.

Speaker 1  36:09
Yeah, and it's like, how do you raise you? How do you raise your children? Is it discipline, the true let the true definition of discipline, or is it punishment? I was just reading an article this morning that was was talking about that verse in Proverbs that says, Spare the rod, spoil the child, and we see that as an endorsement on beating our children. You don't understand the metaphor that's being used. Shepherds carried rods and they carried hooks, staffs and rods. The rod was to protect the sheep from outside forces. A shepherd would never beat their sheep with the rod. They would use the hook to guide them. Yeah. I was raised in an environment where for the slightest thing, you would get smacked, you would get beat, and that verse was, was was preached at me the entirety of my life. We don't want you to be spoiled and entitled. Well, I'm not spoiled and entitled. So that happened, but what about all the emotional events on the other

Matthias Miller  37:28
Exactly, exactly? Yeah, yeah. Well, I mean, that's a rabbit trail to fall deep down,

Speaker 1  37:41
right? We could go years on that one.

Matthias Miller  37:45
We could go years on that one. Oh, goodness, I mean, but no notice, too. I think this is really interesting, too. Where this is, this is all outside, outside in. It's all externalized. And this is, this is inside out. It's all internalized. It's all formation and transformation and becoming,

Speaker 1  38:12
yeah, well, my mind keeps going back to it, but like that whole not sparing the rod is, Do not neglect to guide your child. Do not neglect to be in these conversations, because you destroy your child. If you refuse to have these conversations, you

Speaker 1  38:45
your employee, your friends, Your fellow church member, whatever the case may be. I

Unknown Speaker  39:37
again talking about self control, let's be honest about how self control is developed. You make a mistake and it hurts bad enough that it leaves a mark, and you gain wisdom from it. But most of us approach self control via fear dynamic, fear dynamic and. I don't want that. I

Matthias Miller  41:05
I mean, I think there's just one of the things that discipline does in this regimented sense, is it? I mean, it does two things. One, it teaches you that the natural flow doesn't work, and it it Well, I mean, maybe that is the biggest thing. It keeps you from trusting. It teaches you that it doesn't work. And I think there's a big fear. Well, I can speak for myself. I doubt that I'm alone. Is when that that, that breaking, breaking out of this, because you have the the reward cycle, breaking out of it is really difficult. Yeah, it's it is it is addictive and and if you don't have, for myself, being around people who didn't buy into this and had proof that that trusting the natural process, what you're saying is you will live. You will experience life. You will experience pain. The pain will teach you, and you can allow yourself to just go through the process, and you will develop self control just by the nature of living life. You allow yourself to learn, to learn, yeah, but there's such a and so with the fear that you're talking about does is forces you I don't want it to be. I

Matthias Miller  43:05
Well, fear always does this. Fear always fights flow. Fear always forces us to control so where the flow is. What if I don't like the outcome? What if it doesn't look like the way I want it to. What if other people don't like the outcome? What if it doesn't look like they want it to? What if? What if the outcomes that I require of the flow, I have these standards that must be met for the outcome of the flow. What if they're not met in a in a parenting context, it's the fear is, I don't want my kids to end up like X, Y and Z, right? And instead of just leaning in to the flow,

Speaker 1  43:55
you make your kids look like X, Y and Z. You make your kids look like X, Y and Z, you become what you be old,

Matthias Miller  44:03
yeah, so really takes a tremendous amount of courage to lean back from, to lean out of that. I

Unknown Speaker  44:28
yeah,

Unknown Speaker  44:34
when there's this conditioning that makes you afraid of consequences, afraid of punishment, and so the only option you have at that point is to be perfect.

Speaker 1  44:58
And it's overcoming that. Year to walk that line that you drew. I don't have to be perfect. I can just be me. I can make mistakes. I can learn from them. I can grow in wisdom. I can get stronger like and sometimes that'll take decades. I

Matthias Miller  45:29
yeah, I

Speaker 1  45:49
here's what we're talking about. All of our conversation boiled down to these very fundamental human experiences. We start here, we work and work and work till we get down here. And I think that's the value in walking that journey with this group. Let's walk this journey. See what this looks like. Get down to the foundational human experiences, see what happens. I

Matthias Miller  46:33
think people are dying for that

Speaker 1  46:39
to have that experience, because the rest of this stuff, the coaches and what they're doing is teaching you to put band aids on these things Not actually address the issue. Yeah,

Speaker 1  47:01
your business isn't working, you need to manipulate better.

Matthias Miller  47:17
And very impromptu, a very interesting LinkedIn discussion I'm not quite sure how I feel about it, the attention. So if you got this email from a founder, would you do business with them again? Why or why not? And the quote was, no worries. A lot of people at the marketing managers were in the pants. Make the decisions perfectly understandable,

Matthias Miller  47:49
good luck, variety of responses, one you know, one calling out a friend who's also the founder and the marketer and jabbing at them that it was probably them talking about themselves.

Matthias Miller  48:11
Oh, so another one suggesting that it's just bad copy. And, you know, they just, you don't really know intent. Another one being like, well, if somebody has the willingness to talk down to somebody else in that kind of a way, that's problematic. Yeah, I'm

Speaker 1  48:30
having issue with that, because it's manipulative.

Matthias Miller  48:35
It is manipulative. So anyway, it's interesting how

Matthias Miller  48:55
it's been very interesting for me to observe. First of all, I want to and the guy who was taking both sides, I said, I just was, like, basically said more. I moved away from emotional reactivity and started listening to my gut on these things, you know, the like, like, that's there you go, like, I'm just doing that, which is probably not a widely most of the stuff manipulation. Don't assume intent is is ways of Okay, so here's where the fun conversation gets in. So if we talk about, let's talk about one more in the context of so here's the concept context we have a conversation. Action with manipulation, and let's just call it red flags. So for myself, my experience is viscerally body slash gut, the style. But this is an acceptable rule in business, so this is an acceptable behavior, yeah, then, then I need rules to accommodate it, right? So what are the rules to accommodate? It's, don't assume intent. Thick skin. Businesses is business.

Matthias Miller  50:56
You know, all of those types of things. I yeah,

Matthias Miller  51:08
here's another good one. My wife and I had a conversation about this be the bigger person and

Matthias Miller  51:25
I lead up.

Matthias Miller  51:38
This is really insightful. You and I talked about this separately. Lead up was a content concept that I bought into to justify this. Yep,

Matthias Miller  51:57
the real rule was multi premise and, and this was not mind saying no. In this case, this is gut saying no. But the response is, come like, just one more.

Unknown Speaker  52:17
One more.

Matthias Miller  52:19
Just one more. And it can even be like, I mean, we see this rant coming. Rant like, how many people in leadership have been I help one of my clients with this. We have trouble in this, with this department, with this issue. Well, let's have a conversation. Have you talked to the person responsible? Yes, we have. Has it changed? No, by the way, fun fact, how many times have you brought this up? Oh, I don't know, half a dozen. Have you made it very clear? Yeah, we made it really clear. Well, just one more. Just one like, Would would you stop? Like, stop walking past this. You know, internally what needs to happen? Yeah, don't do the one more up. Yeah, there's a limit. There's allow this to be, be a limit, very different from a young kid, a or younger old age doesn't matter, underdeveloped individual, and every time and Okay, so I don't have a specific scenario, but imagine a contrary scenario. It's like this guy just doesn't get it. Well, okay, so let's talk about it. Well, one time he made this mistake, and we had to teach him, X, Y and Z. Well, okay, did you did? Did it ever happen? No, never happen again. But then there was another time when he did this. Well, well, that's interesting. Did that ever like? What happened with that? Well, he Yeah, he learned. He changed his process. He, by the way, the question then becomes, did you ever train the guy which are no, like, he

Speaker 1  54:08
should just figure it out. We were too busy, and we had all these things going on, and yeah,

Matthias Miller  54:15
and your mind is telling you stop. I don't like, I just want it to be on, on autopilot. I don't like having to actually train and develop people and right? And once again, I'm not completely opposed to you not liking to do that, but it is your responsibility, right in the jurisdiction, to make sure that it happens. Yeah,

Speaker 1  54:36
yeah. I don't take the time. I don't have the time to train people. You're a manager. That is your job.

Unknown Speaker  54:45
Exactly,

Speaker 1  54:47
exactly. No, I've got all these high level things going on. No, you're a manager. Your job is to manage people, to train them. You. That's your job. Or you're a pastor, your job is to shepherd your people. But I have, you know, this marketing and I had

Matthias Miller  55:13
so, okay, here's a very interesting thing I would love to dissect water. So we're having a lot of fun. I'm having fun with my outlines or my diagrams.

Unknown Speaker  55:24
I love this. So here

Matthias Miller  55:26
is, here is, you know, whether it's manager or Shepherd. Here is the fold, and this is, this is the this is the people, how are they doing? And this is, you know, holistically, emotionally, practically, so from from the manager side, this is, are they engaged? Is there? Are they drama free? Are they? But then there's also practically, are they hitting targets? Are they being productive? And here it's, are they, you know, how is their spiritual? Spiritual Formation are, are their bills being paid? Do they do? Do they need financial help? Do they need medical help? Do they need like, how is? How is their their marriage? If they're married, how are they doing, emotionally? And a good manager or Shepherd has eyes? This is going to be weird, but eyes inward on here. Well, hmm, what we're describing, which, by the way, nothing's situation, not unusual, but what happens when they have eyes out here? And two questions I would have is probably the biggest question I would have is, what is it?

Matthias Miller  57:32
Maybe this is the answer. I don't want to hear your thoughts. It seems to me that somebody who is hardwired, well,

Matthias Miller  57:47
put, put a let's get, let's contrast a hunter and a shepherd. A hunter by definition, has eyes externally, looking for looking for threats, but also looking for where's the next meal?

Unknown Speaker  58:03
Resources, slash threads.

Matthias Miller  58:06
Resources, slash threads, Shepherd, whether through nature or nurture, or probably, realistically, a combination of those things, as has a first of all, has a natural inclination to look at the fold, but then also has been discipled going back into this is how you do it. This is what you watch for. These are the things you need to pay attention to. And so, and I think, I mean maybe, maybe maybe this isn't, isn't a good question, but, but I think one of the questions is to potential avenues of exploration. How much is nature? How much is nurture? And also, what causes? What causes this instead of this? I

Unknown Speaker  59:12
impure motives.

Speaker 1  59:22
And this is just experiential for me, you may want to be in this place because it provides some sort of benefit for you. In the position of Shepherd, manager, provide some sort of business benefit for you, I uh,

Matthias Miller  59:43
that's, that's kind of where my, my brain was going in different, different, yes, which turns us from a, so this is in a. I mean, it's an end versus means, it's, it's, I want something, but I can't find it in here. Yeah, and I think for somebody who is actually a true manager and shepherd, there's something that they want, that they only find in here, which is the fulfillment of seeing other people thrive, of empowering other people coming alongside them, working with them, right? And if you can't. And I mean, I think this is, this could be a even a broader concept of Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:00:43
Well, it strikes me that that for those looking externally, this is a vehicle Yes. For those looking internally, this is the whole deal. Yes, yeah, like you said, a means to an end, versus, like, a calling. This is the go back to the words of Jesus. You want to be first, be last. This the shepherd is a last physician. It's the least of these position. Yeah, it is not a first position. But what do we see in CEOs or church pastors or that kind of thing. It's not a servant of all. It's not of the first shall be last. It's a self promotion.

Matthias Miller  1:01:37
But do you know how many businesses and churches would change if the executive pastor or if the senior pastor and CEO would promote this into a number one position, right? Would value this as this is the work. Yeah, yeah, because all of the issues, I mean, issues around from a church issues around retention and growth our culture, they're all cultural.

Matthias Miller  1:02:15
The other interesting

Unknown Speaker  1:02:16
thing is, it just struck me, and I hadn't seen this before, but there's a word that's very similar to shepherd that we've utilized many times over these conversations. I love it, yeah. So you have the YOU HAVE THE TRUE Sherpa who's walking with the fold through the valley of the shadow of death with the rod and staff comforting his people. And then you have the armchair Sherpa that's looking out externally,

Matthias Miller  1:02:56
yes, yes, yes. And yes, but by the way, this is a the vehicle versus the whole deal is a whole other thing. And I've had this conversation argument with many people, and then, you know, I let them go their course, but people insist that the vehicle is the fastest path to get to where they want to go.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:26
Well, right there, right there. You're looking at efficiency, the fastest path. Why are you so urgent?

Matthias Miller  1:03:42
I uh, but it's very well, I mean, but the reason is, in my opinion, okay, experientially, most people don't see a path between a natural path between where they are and The whole deal. So they jump on a vehicle, on the first, second or third vehicle that they can find, in hopes that's what's going to actually take them there instead of walking towards the whole deal, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:04:42
Yeah. Interesting. I

Unknown Speaker  1:05:26
uh, it's, there's this old, uh, old parable I've heard. I'm gonna change a little bit because the original parable quite inappropriate,

Speaker 1  1:05:37
but you have two pastors standing on a hill and they see a crowd of people down in the valley. And one pastor looks at the other and says, let's run down there and convert them, or get we'll be able to convert some of them. And then the other pastor goes, how about we walk down there and convert them all? And the difference between the urgency and the rush versus the process. It's like my dog, my dog wants so badly to be friends with my cat so badly, wants to play with him, wants to be friends with him, but every time they're in close proximity, he runs up and starts barking at the cat and scares the cat. Cat runs away. If you just walked over and laid down, you guys would become fast Friends. It's that lion laying With the lamb narrative So

Matthias Miller  1:07:47
so How do you

Matthias Miller  1:08:02
determine pacing.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:13
One word, answer your gut. Listen to your gut and

Unknown Speaker  1:08:44
yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:08:54
And the challenge with the vehicle versus the whole deal is that people have There, there is this gut, directive, direction.

Matthias Miller  1:09:21
Man, there is so much stigma against that.

Matthias Miller  1:09:30
Yeah, so much.

Matthias Miller  1:09:42
I because you have, I mean, I think you have people on both sides. You have the immature, the people who mistake emotionalism for gut. I. And in people who I mean, you have emotionalism, intellectualism, I mean, this is another kind of classic axis shift, where people are looking at the emotionalism versus intellectualism on a continuum. But it's but, but really we're looking at looking at this from a completely different angle, which is listening to your gut. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:10:39
Yeah. I I mean, you could even call this, I don't know that this is the,

Speaker 1  1:11:15
oh, this. This hits real quick here. If we look at intellect, just the concept of intellect. On a psychological level, the primary driver for intellect is an open openness to experience. That's how your intellect is developed. Okay? So in that sense, emotionalism is the denial of openness to experience. It keeps us from experience,

Matthias Miller  1:12:00
and it looks so let's play this out. There's one of two ways. One is that we're probably most familiar with, is I'm scared out of my mind, therefore I'm not going to do it. But then there's also the I am okay. This is my problem with, with any form of manipulative selling, just as an example, but, but I'm going to get people into an excited state and out of this sense of unbridled excitement. Can you link? Can you draw the line between unbridled excitement and denying openness to experience

Matthias Miller  1:12:52
fantasy? Yeah, so I mean, this is the openness to experience of life as it is, life as it is reality,

Speaker 1  1:13:08
because a lot of people say they're intellectuals, but in reality, their intellectual their thought process, their mind, is just a defense mechanism that is keeping them from reality? Yeah, it's not an intellectual you just use pseudo logical arguments to avoid experience. You

Matthias Miller  1:13:43
fear versus fantasy, yeah, is a great term.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:53
Or fantasy in response to fear.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:59
Sure,

Speaker 1  1:14:21
and the true openness to experience is to trust your gut.

Matthias Miller  1:14:27
I think this is the real. I think this is the real, you know, okay, here's perhaps the real quadrant. So this is really openness to experience. I and so you have wisdom. Up here, you have folly. Down here, you have peace, joy, love, groundedness up here, the fruits of the Spirit. The fruits of the Spirit.

Matthias Miller  1:15:07
You have fear and fantasy down here, and this is a the ultimate

Matthias Miller  1:15:20
in really what the fundamental argument is?

Matthias Miller  1:15:36
What is more real, this or this isn't even primal, what is ego might be a better word down here.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:45
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:15:50
what, what is, what is more real? Gut versus ego? That's the battleground. That's the battleground. And people who have attachment to the ego will say, gut is false. People who have connection to the gut will set to, will say, ego is false, and, and, and you have to, you have to pick a side. I

Unknown Speaker  1:16:24
or you could be strong enough to stand in the middle in humility.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:32
That's fair

Speaker 1  1:16:36
this end of the day. I don't know. I don't know if this May, this is my ego protect myself, or this is my gut. I can make the best decision I can with the information I have and learn from what has happened, and that's the wisdom so

Matthias Miller  1:16:57
the but the very fact that you're standing in the middle with an openness to experience of saying that, I don't know, and I'm going to lean in, pulls you, pulls you upward, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:17:12
I don't know, but I'm not going to run to these things, fear, fantasy, all that kind of stuff,

Speaker 1  1:17:26
because that hasn't worked for me. I've seen that play out too many times, right? And that's the movement upwards. Yeah, yeah. I

Speaker 1  1:17:49
fun stuff. My brain's fried and

Unknown Speaker  1:17:55
it's only 721,

Unknown Speaker  1:17:58
all right, I just like a full day enemy. I I love it.

Matthias Miller  1:18:11
I am trying to nail down schedule. I've got a guy who wants to potentially schedule one day either on the 16th through the 23rd and I've been trying to reach his assistant nail it down, but I will, let's do this. Let's tentatively plan for Monday morning, and if I cancel the event, I'll try to shoot you an email as well. But yeah, if that sounds good, yeah, that sounds good. I would like to also chat sometime about kind of start filling this event. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:18:47
yeah, let's make sure we talk about that next time. Okay, sounds good. All right, my friend, have a good day.

Matthias Miller  1:18:54
Thanks. You too. Bye, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai