Matthias Miller  00:01
So here's one of the things that I'm processing right now, centered around the question this is inspired by, and file with the mind fix group and native capitalism, calm testimonial. The basic idea is that you're actually actually a biggest barrier, the things that pull you back. And most times when we encounter resistance is because we're in a pushing pole. And there's something that's holding us back from something and so if you can identify what it is it's pulling you back and doing that, then you can get to the root of things. So, for example, you know, there's the there's the whole issue of ad spend. I don't I don't honestly think that's actually literally just that the totally back I think there's something that's more of that because we're the business actually is we don't have capacity to scale up beyond that. And that's not really the current pain point. So let's take a look at Leeds, Leeds. So one hand, I want to serve these people, but on the other hand, there's something that's holding me back. And what is the thing that's holding me back. I think maybe it's fear of failure that maybe it's just lack of knowing lack of confidence. Maybe it's. Maybe it's this need that I have to make sure that everybody gets everything that they sign up for anyone. And maybe that is maybe that is the piece of driving it.

Matthias Miller  01:52
Think if you actually dig deeper, it's like, I want to make sure that nobody's left behind.

Matthias Miller  02:05
Which if you take a look at it, like, kind of personality and overdrive. Like, I want to be in a place where I can make sure that people aren't getting less. Doesn't that effectively means I need to create a business. Drive has been a lot of these models require is this implicit in business that you have to leave people.

Matthias Miller  02:46
Is this the reality of business that you have to deal with, or is there a way of structuring or resistant matter of structuring business in a way that allows you to kind of embrace this way of thinking, like, are there other certain types of offers, I think really what you're looking at, is looking at looking for is these super high ticket items, where it's like, next level and you're only working with good good plants.

Matthias Miller  03:43
Now if you want to dig deeper, the question is,

Matthias Miller  03:54
okay, this is crazy. Yeah, but if you want to dig deeper than. Then there's this question of why do you, what, what, what, what is it about it at some point not to leave anybody behind.

Matthias Miller  04:17
There's the therapist for this psychological view that says that

Matthias Miller  04:27
it's actually a really huge. So that was just because you were left behind, and re felt like you're being left behind. Other people do that. And it's possible that that's actually good because I found that painful and I associate pain but that. I suppose the payments to people but there's another way of looking at it, which is. It's not leaving people behind it's letting them go on their path. In other words, I'm not going to force you. It's, it's preserving and protecting their independence.

Matthias Miller  05:51
Wait. This is deep. But there's a resistance to embracing that frame of thinking. It's almost like their finger thinking as well. Because driven in this is still this need to be other people Savior, and to.

Matthias Miller  06:25
It's just need to be other people's saviors. And I'm not their Savior.

Matthias Miller  06:35
as this need to guide, it's this driven need that guy's direct somebody that is just way out of proportion. So where is that drive in need come from.

Matthias Miller  06:54
Because really registers that that is feelings of helplessness. If

Matthias Miller  07:29
is your memories of where I was at as a kid in and just straight up feeling helpless in terms of where it was that what I was doing. And like in terms of being able to take, take hold if it was trying to take a hold of the real question is, what was the underlying reason for that helplessness because in my opinion, this helplessness, to a large degree, that sense of helplessness is actually a significant contributor to this powerless thinking and. And so, and and it's, it's part of this kind of this idea that if I was going to make sure to be sad, either. And then the real question is, I have it's an instance. Within Netflix. Maybe it wasn't actually helplessness.

Matthias Miller  08:44
So if you want to frame this differently. You know it's different for different people but, but here it is the day. At the end of the day, there's this core belief that's driving this, is that people don't have the ability to help themselves. That is the core belief that's dropping some people don't have the ability to help themselves. And the problem is it's being forced.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai