Ian Miller  00:30
Hey Matthias how's it going? Hey, go. I'm pretty good. How about for you?

Unknown Speaker  00:39
It's going well.

Ian Miller  00:42
We're going again. Yeah. Feels like it's been a little while since we had our call last.

Matthias Miller  00:51
Yep, it does feel like that probably because it has been.

Ian Miller  00:56
Yeah. Very good. Yeah. Well, I don't have anything beyond. Just be curious to hear any more thoughts you and Ellis have on best way forward to replacing me. But yeah, was there anything else you you had on the agenda?

Matthias Miller  01:16
I don't have anything else on the agenda, I think I think this is the primary one. This really is the only thing I have. Originally, we had some talk about, Ellison expressed some interest in perhaps feeling these sales calls himself. And I think it can be really valuable, may even be valuable enough to me to be valuable for me to have it. But we took a step back, and he has had some fantastic doors open for networking within the Anabaptist. Community. And okay, so, you know, broader context. Alice and I both have plenty of things on our plate where we were very open to reorganizing things and rearranging things but it's not like we're sitting around with be propped up wondering what what should be done or not done. Or looking for more things to do is what I mean. So if we look at LS and say, LS from a business development standpoint, what is the highest value use of your time, and I were forced to choose between networking within the Anabaptist community with the likes of rosewood and gaming accounting, and business coaches, all of that 100%? Better? Well, it's that or taking sales calls 100%, I think highest use of his time is networking. Because those deals close like, like, I don't know, those those referrals probably close to twice the rate as cold, cold leads. Definitely. So that means that probably, we're not looking at sending sales calls over to him. So where does that leave us? Well, we could take a look at? Well, short answer is that what we thought might be a reasonable plan, I don't think actually is the best course of action at this point. So I did not take meticulous enough notes in our last conversation. I know you had given a range. I mean, you know, as early as available to quit immediate, I mean, to hit it off immediately or whatever time is required. I know you had given an end time when you had hoped to be out of that role. Unfortunately, I did not write down with it in time was, what is the end time you'd like to be out of the role?

Ian Miller  03:47
Yeah. Yeah, I think I had initially said, probably a hard cut off by mid mid 2024. But I would probably be happy to move that to even end of 2023. But there's really there's flex because it's such a minor amount of sales calls coming in at this point. If all of a sudden I got hit with a wave of sales calls, or I was feeling pressure to go out and try to stir things up. I would probably feel more pressure to include sooner. But yeah, that's kind of a long answer to your question.

Matthias Miller  04:33
Okay. Makes sense. So as it stands now, we are inclined to keep you around. As long as you're pretty amicable to the idea which sounds like probably to the end of when he you know, will we probably take you through mid 24. If you're actually open to that sounds like for sure you're willing to say end of 20s Free.

Ian Miller  05:03
And maybe we could maybe we could put it something like as we're getting to about towards the end of next year, we can take a look at it. And I'm like, I'm out by the end, I'm out by the end of this year, then that's what it is. But I I don't see it changing. As in, I think I'm willing to keep going till mid 24 If need be, if things continue as is. And I guess the main thing I would want to know before I would feel really good about doing that is just hear from you for sure. Like the level of my Yeah, the level of work that I've been doing over the last three months? Like how have you felt about it?

Matthias Miller  06:01
So on the calls that you feel did fantastic. Your ability to ask the right questions, to know what we can do or not do disqualify the wrong people, I think you've done absolutely excellent. If I could have my cake and eat it too, I would love to see, you're most familiar with the exact numbers numbers are but most most sales close after, you know, seven follow ups or so in most salespeople quit after five, or it's something along those lines. One of the things I would really love to see in this role would be

Ian Miller  06:41
more

Matthias Miller  06:43
persistence, perhaps in the follow ups. I don't have really good hard numbers, you know, we're, we're greater than zero follow ups and less than maximum follow ups and I don't really have hard numbers where we're at, I'm gonna guess we're about 60 to 70% of where we could be making guesses. I don't know for sure. From what I've seen. But driving that higher up, I would love seeing that. The other thing I would love to see which isn't really an option, given your multiple roles, but I would LSI would both love to see the response time shrink, which which in your current role, that means having somebody secondarily available when you're out of the office. But if we would find somebody else to take this to be I think that's the other possible lever to pull. I don't know how much that's killing us. It's

Matthias Miller  07:48
yeah, you know, to be fair, we scheduled a call with rosewood, I think was about we put it on the calendar was about three months. Before we got on the calendar. And we've got on the calendar, the the salesperson was at least 15 minutes late to the meeting.

Ian Miller  08:02
Interesting.

Matthias Miller  08:05
So you can do that when you're Rosewood. Yeah. And you have an established brand. Still not the greatest experience, in my opinion. I mean, from from a customer perspective, it's a bit of a downer to to wait three months for meeting and not have the person show up on time, but still understand how these things work on the other side. Yeah. Make sense?

Ian Miller  08:36
Yeah. Yeah. If I'm hearing you correctly, you're saying that if there is anything that could change on my end, you would love to see more effort put into following up after the initial call? Is that kind of what you're saying? Yep.

Matthias Miller  09:01
This is strictly anecdotal. I don't feel like I've got a full depth. I do remember one incident where there there was some attempt to reach out and the guy went completely dark. And you know, maybe we've seen enough. Running the running the sales team, the online sales team has been pretty interesting because you're gonna have people going dark for extended periods of time, and all of a sudden they burst back to life and they're ready to buy and other people go dark just because they're tire kickers. They're never they were they were never going to buy in the first place. But what we don't want to do is assume somebody to be a tire kicker when I mean, I've been in these places. There have been things I've wanted to do that I ended up waiting several several years before pulling the trigger. So some of this could be helped with the right marketing systems as well. If we start working with rosewood and marketing and we have put together email autoresponders or email newsletters or something like that, at least does that at least gives us a place to to Stay in touch.

Ian Miller  10:03
Yeah.

Matthias Miller  10:04
So, yeah, question. Yes, that is correct.

Ian Miller  10:09
Yeah. So how would you feel if I would give some thought to that. And I would put together sort of a proposal of the level of what I think I could do over the next year, to do follow up in a way that seems sustainable to me, and I send that over to you, you share your input on that,

Matthias Miller  10:40
I would be delighted with that.

Ian Miller  10:43
Okay, I'll give some thought to it. I can, I can commit to continuing to receive sales calls as I have been, with my online scheduler and feeling the initial sales call, with time blocks on my calendar open for that. I don't feel like I can. Here's what I don't feel like I can commit to. And I don't feel like with my current bandwidth, my current commitments that I can admit to being able to take our sales call within like always, within three days, or five days, or whatever it is, that Ellis is hoping it could be at. And I guess the reality is, I actually kind of prefer not to have new calls added to my calendar, I have it set up where it actually doesn't show them anything open within five days, I think it is of when they're booking simply because kind of with my calendar, I'm usually looking at my calendar at the end of the week, and filling things in and kind of figuring out what I can say yes, and say no to. And so if all of a sudden I have sales calls, showing up on my calendar, by week can get pretty hectic. And so if you all are comfortable with that, I'm comfortable with continuing to feel the sales calls. If you all feel like it really needs to be like within a certain, like a certain turnaround time. And I feel like that's where it would feel unsustainable to continue on for the next year, year and a half.

Matthias Miller  12:41
gotta quit. I got a question on that. But that makes sense. If, yeah, that completely makes sense. If we flipped it and said, we always want to buy four hours from you a week. And we put you on a retainer, and whatever that rate would be. And you can decide what you want to do with that if we don't need it. I mean, you can have a stack of books sitting by your desk and you can get paid to read books. Or if you want to work ahead on a project you could. But we're buying those hours from you, regardless whether we use them or not.

Matthias Miller  13:23
It doesn't help your planning. But yeah. But it may ease the pain of it. At least I don't know. What are you? Yeah.

Ian Miller  13:30
Well, yeah. And that feels totally different to me. Because basically, I'm saying, I'm putting those time blocks on the calendar like, Oh, this is work for them work for Matthias And Ellis. And if no scheduled calls come in, well. I'm getting paid to go do other stuff, I guess. Although I could use it to keep thinking about the I could go out on a jog and think about how to do things better or whatever. Oh, okay. Yeah, I know better.

Matthias Miller  14:08
Now you've sold me, if I can have it for you either to field calls, or for discretionary time. You go sit in a coffee shop and gaze out the window with question marks in your eyes, or you go on a jog and you're thinking about this stuff. Or, or you stack up your brain with a bunch of questions and you go on a bike riding you don't think about it until you end your bike ride. And then all of a sudden, as things normally happen, you've got a bunch of ideas in the end of that. If we can buy discretionary time from you, I think that could be interesting as well.

Ian Miller  14:42
Well, yeah, that that sounds very, that. Yeah, that seems very different to me. So yeah, I would be very open to talking and considering that more.

Matthias Miller  14:53
Would you want to add that as a possible second proposal of what you'd be willing to do? that?

Ian Miller  15:01
Yeah, I'll include that in the proposal and a one a proposal about how to address the turnaround time based on what we just talked about, and to a proposal on how to do better at keeping the leads alive and connecting with them periodically.

Ian Miller  15:28
Yep. Yeah, well, that sounds like a plan. I'll plan on sending that over here sometime over the next week.

Matthias Miller  15:40
That sounds fantastic. All right. Well, we are

Ian Miller  15:47
ready for our team call.

Matthias Miller  15:49
Ready for a team call. agenda for next time. I would like to talk about ideal person to take your place. And so there's a third thing. You have time to noodle on it. You're welcome to if you don't, no pressure, but I'd like to circle back to that conversation at some point.

Ian Miller  16:07
Sure. Perfect. I will write that down. Perfect. Okay. Good. Sounds good.

Matthias Miller  16:16
Awesome. Appreciate it.

Ian Miller  16:19
I'll jump over and see on the team call. Yep. Yeah, bye. Thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai