Unknown Speaker  00:32
Good morning. Welcome back with nice.

Unknown Speaker  00:35
Thank you Good morning. Happy Thanksgiving. Yeah, we did get a good time.

Unknown Speaker  00:46
Yeah. Good morning, Michael.

Speaker 1  00:53
Michael. Good morning, Mary. Hi, good morning everyone. Great. Well, I would love to hear a little bit of an update how things went. But there were things that you guys

Unknown Speaker  01:20
went through talking about while it was gone. I'm not stuck my head my email yet. And so you're sure there's quite a fire waiting for me

Speaker 2  01:40
so things are going pretty well. Versus secured that he's still yesterday. And on my I've been sending out a lot of sample quotes. And I'm noticing slower like the quotes that I've been sending out. I'm seeing people reply to it. Pretty much saying that, well, I have a guy that's wandering away after he remodels. Some people are saying thank you got it. And I do have a couple people that are really interested. I have a custom quote out and a guy replied to it. He thought the pricing was he thought the person look good. So he's actually asking further questions. I'm having a hard time speaking this morning. He's asking further questions. And I have another lady interested in rent to own so we've been going back and forth on that those are the two main things that I have moved in right now but just trying to reach more people that I have sample closeouts for the most part Saturday wasn't able to get too many people on the phone but hoping that picks back up

Speaker 1  03:05
well, it's a it's good. At least good feedback to know that people weren't super responsive. On Saturday. Yeah.

Speaker 2  03:20
We can you know, people were still you know, either traveling or maybe still with family.

Unknown Speaker  03:28
Make sense? Marisa

Unknown Speaker  03:34
Hey, welcome back,

Unknown Speaker  03:37
Jim. Good. Yes, we had a good time.

Unknown Speaker  03:41
Glad to hear that's awesome.

Unknown Speaker  03:47
You still yesterday.

Speaker 3  03:49
I was so excited. That was an awesome sale. And definitely agreed with Michael's takeaways. That was really interesting. No discount, saving the date for the future. Some of those things, we've been kind of rolling around and thinking like, this is a reasonable way to hook a fish. And it seemed like it really was for this particular client. So good to hear. Yeah. We spent about 45 minutes on the phones just going through her design. She was very specific. She knew what she was looking for. So it was worth the time for sure. Awesome. Yep, I should have another one hooked today smaller building but the that good old lean to Michael. It's finally guys back in the back in the business. He's been going back and forth with his wife about how they want to finance it. They're gonna go with green sky. So that'll he's signing the invoice today and then he's gonna apply to green sky this afternoon.

Unknown Speaker  05:01
Awesome. I didn't know I almost forgot about that guy.

Speaker 3  05:04
I know. He kind of fell off the face of the earth for a bit, but I think he was traveling with the holodeck and just kind of, you know, other things on his mind.

Speaker 4  05:18
What is what is the feedback on this now, this being the last, you know, week of that these people having to close to get that motion that we had? What's the feel on that? Is there? Are there more people like on the hook that we think are going to be coming through that are interested in taking, taking that promotional before it ends? Or pretty much the ones that have had interest already came through? With a little read on? That

Speaker 3  05:57
is a good question. Speaking for myself, I know the gentleman with the lien, too, was one of those, he was looking for the discount. So him closing that deal today. And tomorrow. He's trying to beat the clock and get it in in November. I only have one other guy that was interested enough that he could close the deal this week, but he had to get permitting on the building. And so that was holding him up. I will be calling him today just to see how that went. But we'll see. He may he may miss out on the discount. But he seemed like serious enough of a buyer that he would hang on with us into December.

Speaker 2  06:40
On my and as far as the promotional I think that pretty much everyone came through that I think it was three people that had a 10% discount on

Speaker 4  06:59
that's good. I wanted to circle back around and comment on that sale yesterday again a little bit. Those are some of the bullet points that jumped out at me were very exciting to me to see how you were able to navigate around the objection or price objection with several other tools that you're able to use. And you know, use them nicely to bring her across that line and focus on other things that actually have value to her and enough value to where she she wanted to make the sale. So that was pretty exciting. A couple of those other things and see if that can continue to grow and work that seems like a very sustainable model of who we can grow on.

Speaker 3  07:58
Kind of occurred to me yesterday, as I was reading your notes about that Michael about the I actually went to Home Depot later in the day had to pick up some Christmas lights and I grabbed some poinsettias for get ready for the next holiday season at my house. And I was walking by Home Depot and they had you know, their big box sheds in the front. And so I was looking at the sizes and the prices from big retailer like that, and they are just they're just crappy. They're made so poorly. I mean, it's just the doors are falling off of them already. And what what occurred to me I just had this thought of, you know, setting up what we've done with truepoint is such a high quality brand, like you can buy. If $10 Casio watched keep time, and then you can buy like a Shinola watch, because, you know, almost $1,000 to keep time, it just stuck out to me that I feel like part of the selling point with this recent sale with this woman who bought the $20,000 building was the quality of the product. She wanted that she'd already looked at other places that had buildings as large as ours, but they were just not the quality she wanted for the material. Like she went with the designer metal. It was like she knew she was shopping for a high end product. And that's why she came to us which was interesting compared to like working with a customer that's looking for a budget building. So I thought I just wanted to mention that to the team because that does seem to be one of our unique values is the quality and it doesn't appeal to everyone because they they just want a budget building to toss their lawnmower in. But for this woman who's going to use it for entertaining purposes and a little bit more of an upscale use case that was what she wanted, she wouldn't have been happy with so budget building. So just some feedback from a conversation with her

Speaker 4  10:01
That's really good. For sure. Yeah. And it seems like if we can get people on the trail, well, on the website, first of all, Yeah, huge amount of those pictures are the under series metal siding. And a lot of people select that. And it seems like if we can keep people's thoughts and, and knees once down that road of digging to getting excited and hanging on to that printed metal exterior, the look of wood without the maintenance. And being one of the big things we keep them hooked on as we talk about some of our other things that differentiates us completely from everybody else. We're just like, exclusive on that. And now when they keep shopping, well, they don't have that they don't have that. Where do I find this? Well, nobody has an keep circling back. And maybe one of the you know, or things that we can keep her Hooksett in these guys that they keep coming back, even though they may do some more shopping. I mean, obviously these other things that you use work very well, as well in conjunction, but seems like maybe a core focus is getting imposed on that patient ahead. Another inspiration I have on on the sheds at Home Depot and Lowe's. This is just a two minute fun story. One of our haulers actually moved a building for somebody that had bought one of those, okay, and he looks at it and he says, ooh, this, I can move it. But no guarantees. I mean this flimsy so I like I think he might have literally had him sign off that he's not liable for this thing. But he'll try to close this thing really carefully is going down the road, the customer is escorting him to the new location. The traffic in front of him stops quickly, he hits the brakes. And this whole building collapses and lands in the back of his truck on a heap, like literally just collapsed. So the guy watched it happen. He gets out in the hallway says Where should we put the building and they tossed all of the pieces into the man's yard. So he literally transported it, but it ended up in a pile delay. Got it there. So it was so funny. So it was sort of a fun story.

Unknown Speaker  12:33
Thanks for telling that story. That's so funny.

Speaker 1  12:37
Mike, there's your story for one of the replacement autoresponder series. All right.

Unknown Speaker  12:45
There you go. I thought about that.

Unknown Speaker  12:48
That's a great one, Mike, that'd

Unknown Speaker  12:50
be awesome.

Speaker 3  12:52
I did want to bring up something of logistics logistics wise. In discord. I had some conversation yesterday with Nick and Leanne regarding RTO, and Tory for just kind of bringing you into that conversation who, when I sent the sale order, it went, and then I reached out and said, Hey, I need you guys to back out the down payment in cash. And the conversation basically was while we haven't seen the RTO contract signed just yet. So maybe we'll wait for that. And then we'll back it out. And it became pretty clear that the client may have missed some of the required fields on the RTO like having a reference and just some of the details.

Unknown Speaker  13:41
A little bit

Speaker 3  13:45
being that we can kind of dependent on the back office team to help alert to the fact that it was maybe signed but not filled out correctly. Okay. I don't know Michael or Matthias if you guys have anything to help us with. But we're trying to figure out how to very smoothly in what I call like the tender phase of closing a deal where you start moving into the finances, making sure that when an RTO contract is automatically generated, if it's poorly completed, and they miss information, how to go back to the client and address that and show them where it needs completed. If it needs they they miss their reference information Matthias if you missed that part of their story, so I don't know if we just permit that and just kind of like okay this one time or if we have to go back to them because of what cricket shed requires. So just wanted to bring that up because that happened in with the new system. It's a little more difficult to like regenerate it and send it out.

Speaker 1  14:50
I would think that digital contract should not allow finalized and yet without those fields being out.

Speaker 3  14:59
I think that was Maybe a whoops in the system because it seemed like Nick was saying they were adding criteria that would not allow the client to miss that. So hopefully the next one, it will go smoothly. But Tori, if you have any pending RTOS out, there might just be something to make sure the back office sees a good clean contract, come

Unknown Speaker  15:24
back. Okay. Thanks.

Speaker 4  15:28
Ricky on that, should we have a? Should we have a just a quick little conference call with Dwayne today some time and just go over some of these concerns confirm affirming that they are all like addressed? Or do you feel confident enough with what you've discussed with Leanne yesterday?

Speaker 3  15:51
Um, see, Duane did reach out to our team. And he said, I'll just read the message. He said, I strongly suggest to we refine this process. But if you send a contract for signing and they don't sign immediately to follow up. Also, let's talk about how to send an RTO contract from a quote, as a precursor to a sale. So I think, yes, I think I'd like to know the plan moving forward of presenting those precursor quotes. Like that kind of how it used to be Ricky like download it, send it to the folks to review and then they could come back and sign it later. I'd like to know what his thoughts are, if it's a process that we can just kind of clean up our steps, me and Tori, just have nice clean steps to follow there. And also following the right steps on the back end, I know his information about removing the downpayment indicated to reach out to a Monaco which I don't think is employed anymore, so I wanted to make sure we are going to the right people with the after signature steps as well.

Unknown Speaker  17:05
Yeah, I think that will be helpful to call with him.

Unknown Speaker  17:11
Even just 15

Unknown Speaker  17:12
minutes. What's your thoughts on that? Do you see value in that? Matthias?

Speaker 1  17:18
Yeah, I mean, it wouldn't hurt to get that cleared up. But he's in he's in meetings most of most of the day. Up until this afternoon, at least normally, normally, he would be as my understanding is that right?

Speaker 4  17:33
Is however the normal meeting has been postponed for right after lunch so we may be able to sneak one in.

Unknown Speaker  17:42
The inside meeting has been postponed. So why don't I reach out to Dwayne after we get off the call here and I'll see if he has some availability today and see if I can set them up. Perfect.

Speaker 2  18:00
Am I update on Casey Harrington's building?

Unknown Speaker  18:08
I'm sorry.

Speaker 2  18:10
Do you have any update on Casey Harrington's building? The first sale? I would just like to get

Unknown Speaker  18:15
Okay. Some type of update

Speaker 4  18:18
you're saying? Hmm, I can get you on for sure. The check with the reporting on that, but I can get you on. Let me take a new tear Casey Harrington and I'll send you an update on that one.

Unknown Speaker  18:36
Yes. Okay. Could you also do Randy Teague if possible? Okay, thank you.

Unknown Speaker  18:51
Yes, I'll make that happen.

Speaker 3  19:07
I want to know if so make a comment that Tori and I are well, Tori and I met yesterday for a half hour to kind of debrief on what's your process been going like? What's your my process been going like, due to Matthias adding some additional coaching suggestions out there for me on sales kind of thing. Hey, let's see what the differences maybe some very subtle differences are in the way, Tory's qualifying leads and I'm calling find leads, what's the structure, the conversations, the follow up, etc. So we had a little powwow just kind of talk through her process and what she shared was extremely valuable. And I wanted to mention that we had one big difference between the two of us I would say the majority of what we were doing was very similar in pacing, in conversation structure in keywords and phrases even there. We're all pretty similar. But there was one kind of obvious difference, which was that when we send a our initial outreach quote, perhaps prior to even talking to the client, Tory will build them a custom building and send them or a, I would call it maybe a bare bones structure. So that it's not a inflated number with a lot of bells and whistles on the building. And I've been doing the opposite, where I've been sending maybe a pre formatted building from the configurator that have a lot of extra stuff in it like lofts and magnets and upgraded shutters on Windows, and it's just a bigger price tag. And it was something we noticed might be one of the reasons, folks were calling Tory back sooner, because they're not experiencing the sticker shock they might be experiencing from the quotes I'm sending. So I will be modifying how I approach those initial quotes and doing them now like Tori, and then working to upsell the products as opposed to sending them the full package and then having to remove features. And from the clients perspective, or the customer, I think it makes sense that they may not understand that they can remove features, they might think it's a kind of a one package deal. And so they never make that initial follow up contact because they're like, too much not what I was looking for. Whereas Tory gets to have those conversations and then builds off of it with blocks guard improvements, and, you know, adding additional features afterwards. So just wanted to add some feedback there because I thought that was a really interesting discovery through our conversation that we identified as a difference in the way we're approaching people with quotes Yeah, interesting stuff. Yeah.

Speaker 2  22:02
We agreed to meet at least quarterly or maybe a couple times a quarter just to kind of work through you know, what we're doing are different approaches. And what we can adapt with each other to be more efficient and successful.

Unknown Speaker  22:14
Yep. Good anything else well, like anything else from you? Good. Day sounds good. Well, good work. The both of you guys. Have a great day.

Unknown Speaker  22:56
Hey,


Transcribed by https://otter.ai