Unknown Speaker  04:31
Nice

Matthias Miller  04:32
bowtie Hi. Good to see ya. Likewise. How was your Thanksgiving?

Unknown Speaker  04:40
I was good. It was really small.

Unknown Speaker  04:43
But that was nice. You guys stayed in the city?

Speaker 1  04:46
Yeah, we did just had a few friends over tried to be intentional about inviting people who we knew didn't have anywhere else to go. Sometimes doing that, you end up with some people, not exact Be well showing up. But it's still a really good time. Just a few people show up, but we had a good time with people that didn't show up. That's good. Some did have really valid excuses such as having been arrested the night prior and things like that. But you know, life happens.

Matthias Miller  05:20
That does put a damper on showing up. Yeah. Yeah. It's always in Colorado, we've perhaps less so. But we'll keep perhaps not with the arrests. branching out broadly enough, but not unusual to have one or two massive Thanksgiving parties for all the people who aren't going home to see family and stuff like that.

Speaker 1  05:53
So is Dwayne joining this call? Or was it should be? What exactly are we doing?

Matthias Miller  06:02
Want to talk about what you need to introduce the idea to Dwayne about documenting assist. And make sure that you've got what you need to get started. And or you should be in touch with to get what you need. Which is going to be a massive or it could be a substantial undertaking. Hopefully we'll be able to nail things down. Clarity here. Between yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, I don't know if you guys have met before, Dwayne, meet Austin Austin, meet Dwayne. Nine.

Unknown Speaker  06:59
Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you as well.

Matthias Miller  07:03
So if Austin would have his personal t shirt, it would be I break things. And he is he does testing on all of our software projects, and does a fantastic job at that.

Speaker 2  07:22
So he's the guy we always try to skip. Is that is that? Is that the deal?

Matthias Miller  07:27
That's about right.

Unknown Speaker  07:30
I see. Okay.

Speaker 2  07:33
Listen, yeah. But this is what happens. This is what happens when you have people involved in the process that don't mind taking risk.

Speaker 1  07:43
Okay. Is that you doing? It is me. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  07:47
I am, I am not afraid of some risk.

Matthias Miller  07:52
Gotta keep plugging interesting.

Speaker 2  07:53
Risk. It's, you know, it's intelligent risk. It doesn't always doesn't always pan out. But you know? It Yeah.

Matthias Miller  08:03
Yeah. I think zfp is the last system that's client system that's actively running in perhaps even internal system that's actively running in development versus staging. So if that says anything, Dwayne, I made the choice, executive decision, shall we say, about a month ago to say, I'm done. Somebody else can catch problems and development, it's not going to be me. I got better things to do with my life. So we're running on staging internally now. So they go live on the edge. All right. So for context, one of the things we're doing with our existing clients is, all of our other projects have fairly in depth, proposals and designs. And we're going through and updating those with change requests. And basically saying, Here is an up to date. If you want to know how this system works, if you want to find out how it should work. If it doesn't work that way. You can go here and take a look at it. So we're doing this step one is doing it internally. Step two is going to be let's start putting this into client wikis, so that you can you can have it for your reference. One of the big projects that well, so basically touching base on what does that look like for assist? Do you you know, there's been rumblings from you Dwayne that you want to see it happen. You don't want to make it happen. Bank letter? Yeah. And so I'm here to kind of figure out what kind of working relationship needs to be established and or, like what would be what would be the best way to go about this? I can see a few ways. I think something that could work quite well is if so, for context, Austin, you Here's how you capture, capture Dwayne's attention and pull stuff out of his brain, get them, get them on a call, and you hit the record button. And you ask them all kinds of questions, and you let him chase down every last rabbit hole and explain all the different nuances and all the other things that you need to know. And then, in the, you know, I think what's what's gonna work best for Dwayne is if we can do something like that. And then we assimilate that information and put it into the, into the, into the spec. And I think we start based on, so if I had to make a proposal, it would be well, I'm willing to be involved as much as I can, can be ultimately, I think what might make sense, if it's if we establish some priorities, doing figures out how much time he's willing to commit to it, figure out what the top things are that need to be documented. And let's start. Let's just start with the highest priority stuff. But that's all jumping in with my agenda. Dwayne, I would love to hear your thoughts on the project, and

Speaker 2  11:15
your timing is terrible. See, I've been I've been over here building this whole concept of actually turning this into an employee of mine. And as part of an implementation as part of a software implementer and documenter. You're going to take away half my job description. So which is not a bad thing?

Matthias Miller  11:44
Well, here's the advantage of moving it on our side. We're already feeling pain, because Seth is at FB. And Nick wants to go visit him in January. And the more stuff that this is documented from a technical standpoint, in our end, the easier it will be, there's two things to select you do number one, it will ease the pain, it will make it painless, but it will ease the pain when Seth and Nick disappear for periods of time. Number two, we continue having conversations about scalability and jaw. And you know what happens with Josh and the knowledge that's in his head. And this is at least one step towards let's get some of that knowledge out of his head and actually get it documented somewhere. So that there's there is some place where some of the knowledge about how different pieces work actually lives outside of from Josh's head. Now, from your standpoint, the advantage of keeping it in your office is that it's going to be much more and user documentation. But it really doesn't provide I don't think it gives you that much benefit in terms of easing, development and support burden on our end.

Speaker 2  12:50
No, I mean, this was this was I, I think we are reached fast reaching the point probably in 2023, where we need to do a better job of implementing software throughout the team, from the builders to the dealers to our office, and I just don't have the time to do it. And yet when I sit down and I like Okay, so let's let's actually build a job description for this person. It's really a part time job. And what I was going to do is turn the other, the other half of their time into documenting software documenting business process, documenting, documenting, documenting, because I know I keep somewhat busy on that for a long time.

Matthias Miller  13:38
Yeah, so.

Speaker 2  13:44
I mean, it's just this would, I mean, okay, so Okay, so what I hear you saying is there's really two, there's two perspectives that need to be documented in it from what I'm hearing. One is really the technical aspect of documentation. Which I'm very, very interested in. I don't like it, we're going to quickly depending on like, that's valuable to you. It's valuable to me, it's valuable to any future development, it has less value to other people in my organization to understand the processes. So what does that like when you talk about perspective of like the chief perspective of documentation with if Austin does a good portion of does most of this is that going to be is the perspective of the of the technical aspect of it is going to be the chief perspective of documentation.

Matthias Miller  14:49
I don't know that it's strictly technical. Definitely leans technically heavy. There, you know, in our proposals we we do talk about I mean, This is an isolated from business process and how things generally work. If we can figure out a way that it's not confusing, or

Speaker 2  15:11
let's pick an example, well, okay, but actually this actually could actually work really well. So if if we had, okay, so if the documentation on your side was is more of the technical documentation, and someone on our side is building out the business processes around that technicality stuff could still work. For my idea.

Matthias Miller  15:37
Thoughts? Yeah. Yeah. Like an example would be, you have an online salesperson who has zero down RTO payment, which I believe is something that came up in the discord channel recently. How do you process that? Well, you could actually argue that that's something that Austin could document. One of the reasons why we need you know, XY and Z. The sales order to work this way is so that you can delete payments. And when you do it, here's how, here's how it's gonna work. And this is used to delete or do contracts. Now, you might also make the argument to say, Well, no, not really, we're gonna keep these separate, but we're going to crosslink these. So you say, here's the business process for deleting, you know, zero down RTO, here's how you do it, go check out this tech technical documentation to find out how this works. Or maybe they're completely isolated. And it's just like, Nope, no overlap, I don't really have a clear picture.

Speaker 2  16:41
Okay, so total side question. If, if we were to start down a pathway of just technical documentation, how much time is this going to take?

Matthias Miller  16:56
Um, well, do you know how much stuff we've developed without any written proposal?

Speaker 2  17:05
When you say it that way, it just sounds wrong. Like, that's just a lot. We've done a lot.

Matthias Miller  17:17
We always tell ourselves, we're going to we're going to do the work to be able to make this maintainable. And we're not going to shoot ourselves in the foot. That I think this is an example of making the rubber meet the road. But, but to your point, I think this is something that can be paced. If we if we came to you and said, Austin, you have one hour of Dwayne's time a week, and walk him through, have him walk you through one core feature, it could be sales orders, it could be it could be I don't know what the whatever the equivalent thing is. And Austin goes in documents, that stuff comes up with additional questions that he has, perhaps throw some questions over to Nick if he has questions about how things work from a technical standpoint. And I mean, realistically, it could be a three to six month project. No. Maybe not quite. That's it? Well, I don't know.

Speaker 2  18:25
I, I was I was thinking it'd be a three month process to document IMS alone.

Matthias Miller  18:32
Maybe it is? I don't know.

Speaker 2  18:34
Okay, so So talk to me, give me the picture, like so many of these things. Okay, let's talk about, okay, building record sales order records. How do you talk? How do you how do you document? Like, it's one thing to document each thing that's on that detail screen? Great. But then how do you document the threads that tie out from there, like linking to sales orders, then? Like, what does that how does that document like? How does? How does that documentation flow? So that if you're, if you're looking at a say, so you're looking, you're reading up on sales order records, and then it's like, oh, well, but that links, okay, so like, how does your interworking have documentation linked together then? So that you can actually Oh, really, oh, that flow.

Matthias Miller  19:15
We don't really have anything at this point that says see, also, if you're reading sales orders, you also building records, although the building record, although the sales order is going to have the RG of building records, and it says, Oh, this links out to Astin. And from that point, we can say, you know, this is how it links over to building record which you can, you know, which is effectively documented elsewhere, and on the building record, we're gonna have a link to pull up the sales order. And that's going to be documented. So that's going to be your clue that these things tie together. But effectively, what you would have, you know, one of the bigger picture questions is I think, you know, most of our clients systems, we have one massive problem. Little bit covers everything. And I think in this case, we probably ended up having one proposal for IMS us. And that's the inventory management system. We have perhaps one proposal for logistics, one proposal for CRM. And yeah, so there's not formal linking, but you could certainly include comments that point people in the right direction.

Speaker 2  20:36
And you can you can embed URLs to jump to the next documentation based on some of this stuff.

Matthias Miller  20:42
Yeah, it gets a little bit tricky. We'd have to, because our things we're not actually writing these things in, in wiki documents. So we'd have to have, we could but we could create a way to crosslink these, for sure.

Unknown Speaker  20:56
That's where it's gonna live, though, isn't it?

Matthias Miller  21:00
It will in your, in your world, it's going to live in the wiki, but you're not going to have the ability to edit this at the technical side of the documentation. It's going to be edited on our end.

Unknown Speaker  21:21
Okay, so what's the question?

Matthias Miller  21:24
Okay, well, question number one. Are you on board with this?

Speaker 2  21:31
Ah, the Yeah, I'm on board with the concept. Want to make sure. The house is gonna get tricky. Probably the biggest question I have is, is I guess I kind of want to think through this this. From Okay, from, from a technical standpoint, client scope standpoint, I completely understand. But I mean, if we're going to start down this pathway, I really want to back the, a lot of the processes around that. So that this is actually worth, like, I want to be able to go in to this Sunday. And somebody's like, well, so how's that work from some IMS record type. And there's also the business process and the steps that go along with that. So this, this is really codifying business process at the same time. And I really, like, that's where the value from my side really starts to come. I understand your side. And it's, you know, you have a need for this. And it makes a lot of sense for this. But I don't want to miss the other side.

Matthias Miller  22:46
Okay, Austin, from your perspective. If, if this expanded from saying, Okay, what are all the record types? What are all the fields? What are the sections? How do they work? What are all the behaviors, and we said, now, we want to write wiki articles. Not in the client proposal, but in the assist wiki itself, on basically how to step by steps. So when you want to delete a down payment on a sales order, when you open the sales order, you enter edit mode, we need to specify that and you click the minus button on the row and you say, for whatever the appropriate thing is, what are your thoughts and expanding your document? Station?

Speaker 1  23:29
That Yeah. So So kind of trying to wrap my head around this whole thing? I don't know. Trying to. So I mean, one of my frustrations with our proposals is just that, that they are technical. Like, they might tell me how things work, but they don't tell me how they're supposed to work. If that makes any sense. That's probably not a great way to say it. But yeah,

Matthias Miller  24:08
have you put thought into reconciling and pulling those two pieces apart?

Speaker 1  24:16
I've thought about it before because sometimes I'm working on a system and I'm like, I just wish I knew what the workflow is supposed to be. Because oftentimes I'm in a system I have do this, this this test this but I have no idea what the actual real workflow is supposed to be. And I can't just look at a system and right workflow, I can look at a system and right this is what's happening on these records.

Unknown Speaker  24:48
You can you can map the plumbing, you just don't know how to flush the toilet.

Unknown Speaker  24:51
Exactly.

Speaker 2  24:55
Which I mean from my side is super critical because it If, if, if certain individuals in this process drop dead, we're gonna it's, it becomes a scary day because it's like, Well, how was that thing supposed to work? You leave a lot of people in the lurch of like how something is supposed to work.

Matthias Miller  25:18
So, so I think, Well, I think I'm a huge fan of process documentation.

Speaker 2  25:28
But should it should it be? Should it be a two sided, like a two sided process? So there's someone on my side working on the business documentation, while at the same time? Like, if there was, okay. If I give the If so, okay, let me back up and set this way. If, if I tell Austin document the detail screen of a sales order, you probably could do that without any involvement of my involvement. Like you can tell me what this field does. And you know, you can tell me what, you know, how that's supposed to work. And this is supposed to happen, like, you know, all that. But like, if we did this in conjunction together with another person who's learning the business process of this while also learning the technical process, this is fantastic training for software software implementation. If I'm going to deploy a new a new product, they're going to know how this stuff works. Well,

Matthias Miller  26:19
I'm interested because I think if you guys are struggling with this as a pain, then likely there are other clients who perhaps at a lesser level, because they're at a lesser scale, but there are other clients who are suffering from similar pain. So it would be good for I mean, it would be good for other clients to say, here's this process, it happens at this time of year, here's the step by step instructions. But that the interesting challenge, that I think I think one of the challenges that needs to be resolved is who owns this, I think these can reasonably be built out, perhaps should be drafted as part of the software design process. Because it is in our heads how these things basically should function. But what happens when there are revisions, does this remain strictly in our control? Do we have a mechanism by which you guys can request revisions? So maybe it's, it's a read only, you know, the master is read only in your system, but you can request revisions, and we review those revisions and integrate them so that we both so we see it on both sides, it's something that you guys own

Matthias Miller  27:34
I do think having visibility to Austin's point I haven't thought about this having

Speaker 2  27:39
having visibility, my concern, if it's strictly owned by your side, then we run the risk, kind of what we end up right now with user documents, user reports, is it becomes really messy. Because we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna go want to go document some type of process and then it's like it gets there's going to become two repositories of information it's like well, what do I go over here and get it like if we don't have a really good way of continuing to move that stuff into the correct spot or the correct person doesn't have an ability to edit it then we're we run the risk of of that

Matthias Miller  28:18
one of the challenges we face on our end is that we don't get access to all client systems so we can take a look at two way syncing where

Matthias Miller  28:33
what our options I guess we could actually have a way on our end to edit them and push it through and then if there is a conflict which would be rare a conflict or collision then it's on us to remake our changes and push them across again

Speaker 2  29:10
this is for like child training? Shall training Yeah. That's like child training. This is this is the difference between the people who train their children the people who write the book about training their children

Unknown Speaker  29:37
we all like to read the book right? All of us feel like documented our child training processes.

Matthias Miller  29:47
Okay, so here, here's the good news. We have to solve the problem. Let's let's solve the immediate problem. We could right now give Austin access to the Insight wiki. Actually, even better, we can do this for all clients we hate client, if you want to lock us out, just give us access to your wiki guess what with user cockpits, we can do that now. So let's forget the access accessibility issue, let's pretend for a moment that it lives, it's that it's client owned. And so perhaps as part of the implementation process in our head, we might draft some of these things, or perhaps even as a design part of the design, we might draft some of these to live somewhere, but they wouldn't actually live in the proposal they would live in, I don't know, this still seems like a bit of a nightmare.

Speaker 2  30:39
To do something with child documents. There's not a there's not a way that there'd be like a master document that's uneditable. But the child documents are something like that is there?

Matthias Miller  30:51
Well, okay, here would be another way to do it. One option would be to have part of it that is owned by us, and part of it that is owned by you. And then whenever, whenever you make edits or comments, then we. Again, it takes a little bit more thought to think about how this works, but we go read your comments, we integrate it into the main document. And then it's almost like a email system that you can drop comments on it and request revisions, or something like that. Which we might actually want, regardless of the proposal, I

Speaker 1  31:34
thought that sounds like a pretty good idea. Like you have these Wiki pages, part of it's inevitable and synced from us and part of it is editable with a request revision checkbox.

Speaker 2  31:48
Yeah, cuz I mean, the technical side, I understand. You don't want that to be client editable. That makes a lot of sense. Like you don't go in there and screw up all the documentation like, no, no, that thing is actually supposed to be plugged in over here. I was like, What is going on? So I mean, that makes a lot of sense. But like the business process side should be client editable. And I mean, is there should it then be request revision? I mean, I don't know something like that. Maybe? I don't know. I'm just I'm spitballing ideas here. Because here's, here's the, here's the part that scares me is that if someone on your side is continually working with people on our side to document all those business processes?

Speaker 2  32:43
Just what my worry is, well, what's my Oh, no. Okay, no, I actually don't want my my worry is that we change, we change processes. So quickly at times that keeping up without the ability to edit our documentation on our side to keep up with this stuff. It, it runs the risk of becoming useless in a pretty short amount of time. Okay,

Matthias Miller  33:10
here's an idea. Requested revision, technical design, here's how it works. First of all, how it works on the surface, on the wiki page, it has a request revision checkbox, you click it, it becomes editable. You modify, modify, modify, modify, modify, and hit Save. And we store in the RG when you say we store what was the original when you started editing? And what did you change it to? So that we can show the differences. And then if if we have a way on our end to those get tied into our system, and we've got to wait to integrate those changes, and we say, Done. And if we make a change to the document in the meantime, then we still update the underlying field that says something like you have there are additional changes from crafters or whoever that you're not seeing here.

Speaker 2  34:04
Can we have two boxes, and end a list of users. So one would be a revision checkbox I love that idea. Great then whoever wants to review it and but but we should have a review checkbox and you can assign somebody to review it. So right now right now there's a piece of documentation I just created I really want to check that box and put Josh's name so he can go look at it and review it and say does this look right? So instead I just emailed it to

Matthias Miller  34:34
well, the challenge is that review happens in our side so we could theoretically

Speaker 2  34:43
like sure request revision I mean, obviously yeah, I mean, I like I think that's probably the right way to go initially. We don't have to get real fancy with as I just needed. It's it's more about getting it done.

Matthias Miller  34:54
But then it feels to you it's going to feel to you like if we do it that way it's going to feel to you like you have full control over the memo. While source of truth, it's still up to us to integrate your changes in. And then we say this revision was integrated. And then it goes and disappears, and you're in sync with us.

Speaker 2  35:15
I like it. So that's the only thing then you literally could go Sorry. Go ahead.

Speaker 1  35:21
Yeah, so I'm just thinking a little bigger picture. So Matthias, am I correct in thinking, so we will have a proposals record in and cch like we've been using, and that would be synced to their system via wikis of the individual, each like section would be individual wikis, they would have a checkbox on their wiki that says, the, the memo on the wiki would be read only until they check. Revise, then it'd become editable, they would edit it, at which point we need to sync, we need to keep our information on our proposal, but also show their new information and have a way to flag those, wherever. So it'd be another another memo on our proposals. And then a way to flag that, that there's something in that puzzle. And then we will review it. Probably most cases, hopefully, we can just copy from theirs and paste it directly into ours. And then it's in sync.

Matthias Miller  36:24
Yes. Probably what it's going to do, probably what we ended up doing is having a separate client proposal revisions record that each of these revisions get pushed to and then some kind of report that shows which cloud proposals have revisions, and then a way to say that this revision was signed off on an integrated. And then we have perhaps a read only view. I mean, I don't don't know exactly. We do, we might have to think about cases where they've got multiple revisions to the same memo, although we could show a read only version of their final version and a diff between our version and their final version. And then a button that flags all revisions as having been reviewed, I think it's something like this. Otherwise, if we don't, if we don't allow multiple revisions, or at a minimum, we don't have a baseline versus what their version is, then if they made multiple changes. Maybe we could do this with three levels you would have? What was it when they started editing? What was it when they ended? And they could they could edit it multiple times at that point? And then what was it? What do we think it should be? You can simplify like that. That's probably the way to go. In which case, Austin, we could do that, where basically you push the client version in. As another memo there, we can show read only give me records a little bit more technical thought, but we're trending, we're close.

Speaker 2  38:12
So what happens with our current wiki is are these like just particular documents, we can still create other documents as much as we want. Okay?

Matthias Miller  38:21
plan is for each, each proposal. And in this case, IMS versus logistics versus whatever we put in there accounting would have its own wiki category, that and we would control the name on our end. So however you whatever naming convention you want to use, we just use that. And then these will get pushed into there as special and they've got special flags on him. So they behave. We've got special behaviors

Unknown Speaker  38:50
are we ever thinking this?

Matthias Miller  38:52
I don't know. Are we?

Speaker 2  38:54
Well, okay, so hypothetically, if, if we still had our regular wiki and you started producing technical documentation? Do

Matthias Miller  39:19
let me answer the question two ways. Are we overthinking it for assist, maybe because you don't care if Austin is testing and goes digging through your wiki to find out what's going on. But other clients do, and if there is something if you're looking at technical documentation on a building record, you still would it still would be really nice to be able to say, ah, you know, this is that's just wrong. Like that's not what it should be.

Speaker 2  39:50
Okay. Yeah, I mean, that's, I kind of like I kind of like where that's going. So then you could build a lot of technical debt. documentation and we could actually build week through revision process, we can build business process around that. Yeah. I kind of like it well, so then. Okay, what? What would be the pace by which we would do this? Is this twice twice a month? Is it every week? Is it twice a week? Is it?

Matthias Miller  40:34
Um, I think it comes down? Well, it comes down to two things. One, what availability Do you have? And how much work will be required from Austin between those two times? And if either those are maxed out, then clearly we're going to slow down the pace. Do you have somewhere there's a number, if I ask you for one hour, every other month, you're gonna be like, Yeah, I can do that. Yeah, I'd have it takes forever. That would take forever. Somewhere. There's a number that's moderately painful, but still relatively, like there's still doable. You know, better than I mean,

Speaker 2  41:17
I probably, I mean, it, probably on the high end, I would probably do like a 90 minute per week. Which is actually not a bad idea. I would propose probably somewhere between an hour and 90 minutes per week, and we just start chewing into I imagine you probably want to create some kind of structure as to what we're going to hit first. Well, that's easy. It is building records and sales order records. And I'm, is there is there a way do you have reporting to see the most open detail screens inside of assist?

Matthias Miller  42:00
Yeah, we're gonna pull it from client scope. But it's in client script. Now. Let me see if I can find this.

Speaker 2  42:09
I mean, part of me wants to say we look at the most access detail screens, and then that's where we started.

Matthias Miller  42:16
Yeah, keep in access, detail screens and reports. Keep reports in mind.

Speaker 2  42:24
Yeah, okay. So in that regard, like, I'm probably going to want to start at the sales and the things, although, there's probably going to be argument to say they want to start the production side of things, which I mean, we could do both at the same time. If we document building records, sales order records, we document how the BPR works, we document how well there's a number of manufacturing side of things that would be really, really good to document which, oh, man, this goes, this goes fast. I mean, you start you start getting into company detail screens and well, that rabbit hole starts to get deep real fast. I would I would recommend that we pick we pick a side of process, either we look at sales side, we look at production side. Would one of those two sides is where we start.

Matthias Miller  43:21
So do we start by so we're going to need to implement the two way syncing? Do we start by we put the process information into our into on our side with the plan that we're going to roll it out? Or do we say okay, sure. So, I mean, I think as far as next steps,

Speaker 2  43:42
basically actually actually next step, I need to I think it might be valuable to have a conversation about this with builders and say if we're gonna start documenting this stuff, do you want to dock What do you want to start document production stuff or you want to start documenting sales side of stuff sales side is probably a little bit less clear and and rigid as the production side is so going through production side of things would we could actually off shift man I guess I couldn't really off shift some of that because there there feel an understanding of this is very much from the user side, not necessarily from the software side. So yeah. Right. I probably actually this is actually easier and I thought I'd say I'd say we start on the production side because it is the it's the longest running systems and and probably the most solid of the systems.

Matthias Miller  44:45
So I think as far as next steps, I think next steps unless I need to be involved is you and Austin set up a weekly 90 minute call and Hey, Austin, let me know if I don't even know if you have a zoom license or not let me know if you need anything for call recordings and have a zoom license. Okay, let me get you a zoom license and then and then we can start I think you guys can just have at it

Speaker 2  45:27
I'm probably going to vote either Mondays or Thursdays

Matthias Miller  45:36
What's your schedule like Mondays and Thursdays Austin?

Speaker 1  45:38
afternoon or evening or morning? What time zone are you in doing? Eastern? Okay, that's handy. Eastern as well. Afternoon some mornings

Unknown Speaker  45:52
no

Speaker 2  45:58
I particularly like the right after lunch spot for some of these kinds of things. So and that would be my first that would be my my instinctive response.

Speaker 1  46:08
So like, say at two o'clock on Monday 2pm on Monday I could do for you pretty consistently

Speaker 2  46:24
Yeah, I think to Mondays Mondays are are pretty of all the days of my week, Mondays are actually wide open, although Mondays always ended up being just the way they are. So but usually by two o'clock in the afternoon, that's that's that's fairly calm down. So that's, that's good. I don't know, I'm telling you. Like, I'm convinced that when when God created the world, he said, You know what? Mondays is because you've been slacking off on Saturday and Sunday. So Mondays, man, I'm telling you, it's just like it all goes sideways. Yeah, um, you want to shoot out calendar invites? Or should I?

Unknown Speaker  47:16
I can take care of that. Perfect.

Speaker 2  47:19
Put in your put was that? link right in it? Yeah. If I had

Unknown Speaker  47:23
a zoom link, I would put that there. But

Matthias Miller  47:25
I will. I will get you that. Good. Dwayne. This is not sales and marketing, sales and marketing does not fall under software. I can do. First of all, we're good on that right. Asked him you good.

Unknown Speaker  47:45
I'm sorry. I was making calendar.

Matthias Miller  47:49
I said, Are you good to go with what you got? Is there anything else you need?

Speaker 1  47:53
Ah, well, I haven't done this before. And I am still trying to figure out what in the world I have gotten myself into. Other things I should I should be working on it. In the meantime before I guess. So our next call is Monday. Next Monday. It was that was weekly.

Speaker 2  48:15
It's all right. You and I are going to just pretend like we're documenting things. And we're just gonna go fix things in assists that that nobody else gets done. Haha. was like, Oh, I

Matthias Miller  48:27
better pay attention to these boys. They might be dangerous. Yeah. I park the accounting colon I'm jumping on. Yeah, so So basically, what's going to happen? The place where it's going to start? I think I would start by creating. Okay, step number one, what are we doing? Okay, sorry, we should have we should have or create a production proposal. And clients go for assist. If we don't have that already. Number one. Number two, we should have within that we're going to have records reports. And I think workflow and, and under records we should have? Well, I mean, I think at that point, you could probably actually just start asking doing questions like what records what reports and or what part of the menu, maybe we can actually start with this is their part of the menu that's would fall into production, the production menu, you know, goes through the production menu and document the go look for the reports and records that are included in that it'd be the district record building record. I don't know. You can go through that and start creating the outline. And then on the call, I think it's basically a matter of going through and just getting as much of that stuff. Extracting as much information as you can from Dwayne and integrating that into the documentation.

Speaker 1  49:57
Sure. So basically the call I could spend two months just looking at the system and writing stuff down. So the call is more about me figuring out well, priority. Priority and what I should be starting at.

Matthias Miller  50:17
Well, the real reason we need to call is for the workflow, right? We don't really need to call for that.

Speaker 2  50:22
Okay, so, actually, okay, so in. So maybe we should, maybe this would be a I should finish the sentence, then I'd probably get a thought in my head. So if what you're what I hear you saying, Austin, is that? Well, if I'm going to do pretty much if I'm going to do fairly strictly technical documentation, there's not a lot of involvement you need from me, is that right?

Speaker 1  50:51
I mean, to get started. Okay. To get started, I need to figure out what my questions are. I don't know what my questions are right now.

Speaker 2  50:59
So then, maybe that's the best like that that would be the best start. If we're doing the if we're doing the revision checkbox thingamajigger that where we can start building business process around, then having a good framework of technical documentation to work off of is actually really strong way to go about this.

Matthias Miller  51:23
Yeah. Okay. So here's my proposal, then vary in proposal. Keep your time time block available, cancel it liberally cancel or shorten it liberally if you don't have questions. But keep that space available, so that you guys can have a time when you can check in when you have questions. Austin gets to work documenting the production menu. And then perhaps once you've got a draft of that you ping Dwayne. And you guys can go over what you have. And then secondarily, Austin, if you'd want to spin up a change request, at least to get the conversation started on the on the revisions. And we can start pursuing what needs to be done on our end. And also, if you could push whatever needs to be pushed to start sinking these proposals into zfp. Whatever automation, we need to roll out. You don't need to do it. But if you want to, at least just own that piece of it so that we can get this stuff pushed into zfp. So doing gets visibility into what we're doing as well.

Speaker 1  52:32
Sure, I know exactly that last one, like right that change requests, but I'm not exactly sure what needs to happen for that last one.

Matthias Miller  52:41
Well, I don't know if it's a change request, I think it's a send an email to me. And don't let it rest until it's done.

Speaker 2  52:49
So to get now send it to Mary until married a bug until it gets done.

Matthias Miller  52:54
So it's true, too. But

Speaker 1  52:56
so what I'm bugging you to get done is get the sinking setup between this new proposal and assist with the assessor. Yep. Sure.

Matthias Miller  53:12
And I think I need to talk to Josh about that. I think I actually have most of the pieces but

Matthias Miller  53:26
okay, I'm already late for something else are we doing helping you about the rest of the agenda items?

Speaker 2  53:34
Yeah, cuz I desperately need to talk about some of these things. The last one I put on here. I probably just need you to chase and figure out why suddenly they can't edit detail screens. And it obviously came it was something that came live this past weekend because Tori said she was able to edit them last week.

Matthias Miller  53:57
Okay, I have no idea. But I'll get in touch with you about times. I should have some time tomorrow.

Speaker 2  54:04
I'm a little bit suspicious. It was part of Josh's build out of the brick and mortar user profile stuff that he was starting to work on. So I have a feeling there's there's something there that he changed. Thanks for telling us.

Matthias Miller  54:23
Yep. Merry Christmas left on the edge. Gate. Austin. Are you clear now on what next steps are in what you need to where you need to be going?

Unknown Speaker  54:32
Yeah, I think so. And you're getting your resume license.

Matthias Miller  54:34
Yep. You should have an invite.

Unknown Speaker  54:37
Sure. Okay.

Speaker 2  54:38
FYI. Um, I'm leaving for Ohio tomorrow morning. Somehow we have to connect on this stuff because Wayne's asking me what the story is and

Matthias Miller  54:50
what I'm getting. He sent me an email. I came in to about 200 emails. I can talk at 530 tonight if you want to

Speaker 2  54:59
know No good taking my wife out for her birthday. Well, I'm sorry. You do not you do not rate high enough to cancel that.

Matthias Miller  55:10
Yeah, well, good otherwise I'd have some questions

Speaker 2  55:15
I but if you want to try to if you want to try a normally when I'm in Ohio they're usually we use they usually wrap up around four o'clock. So anytime after four o'clock on most evenings I have availability

Matthias Miller  55:29
are you driving or flying tomorrow driving? So will you have time to talk on the road? Yeah. Okay, tomorrow at 11am Eastern, okay. I would be available or soon thereafter, some some time in there. I'd be able,

Speaker 2  55:43
you've got my youth on my cell phone number call me or shoot me an invite. So my calendar pings me or Mary shoot me an invite. I

Matthias Miller  55:50
don't care. Okay, sounds good. Appreciate it. Cool.

Unknown Speaker  55:54
Thank you. Thanks, guys.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai