Speaker 1  00:04
Hello. Oh, hold on. I've got no sound. I think you may be on mute.

Matthias Miller  00:10
That would do it. Look at that. How are you? Yeah, I'm

Unknown Speaker  00:13
good. I'm good. Looking forward to today,

Matthias Miller  00:18
yeah. So where exactly you look in

Speaker 1  00:22
UK. I'm currently in the north. I have been London for 20 years, but now I've moved to quanita surroundings. Do you know the UK very well?

Matthias Miller  00:34
I'm not super familiar with the with the UK. And also,

Speaker 1  00:38
yeah, we, we're not a million miles away from Liverpool in Manchester. So it's the area I take your color

Matthias Miller  00:47
that is correct. Yes.

Speaker 1  00:48
Luckily, the magic, the magic of a telephone, tells me where phone calls are from, and I figured that went out very Sherlock Holmes,

Matthias Miller  00:59
yes, brilliant, brilliant, brilliant. All right, so just some folks like to kind of know how these how these things progress, typically roll into, it's the hybrid that I talked about. And we kick it off with memos and and, you know, do some some unpacking, and sometimes there's even kind of tactical questions at the end about how does this tie into the practicality of what it is that you're actually doing? I've seen your name in the forum. I didn't research you. It's quite possible that my brain has filed away little pieces of information. I can't. My brain does that. I can't, I can't say it did or it didn't. So, yeah, excited be spending this time with you, and we'll, we'll just dive in if you're, if you're good to go, Yeah, let's

Unknown Speaker  01:56
do it. Let's do it. All right.

Matthias Miller  02:02
I So, so for you, I'm seeing this.

Matthias Miller  02:14
Yeah, I'm seeing it and trying to, trying to, trying to put words, words to it. But you have this special way of operating, which is the best way I can describe it is, is you have a way of finding your way through mazes, like, like, there's very there. You have a very distinct, clear, like, linear, like, like, bounded ways of thinking. It's not the it's not like a straight up wild artist, but you like mystery. With the things that you're doing. You like to solve riddles. There's an analytical component, but, but I also, I also feel like you're not like this man, like you're one of these guys who you can you you live in and create clean structure around what you're doing, but, but you have a way to direct that into the direction that you're wanting to go. And I just the picture that I'm seeing is like literally a maze navigating them. And it's not just, it's not just navigating the maze. It's almost like creating the maze. Like, like, I'm going this way, then it's going to be a hard right, going that way, and then it's going like, then we're going to do a hard left, and then there's this little kind of Angular loop, and we're going to break out down over here and go over here. And if you were to this, so that's what I'm seeing. And to contrast it, it's not like so, so there's a few things that are, I think are key here. You're not actually in somebody else's maze. I think that's a key distinction. And this also isn't like the kid. This is not just a wondering meandering like there is intention with with what you're doing. You know, this is not a picture of a kid taking a pen and scribbling like random circles and directions and things like that on A piece of paper,

Matthias Miller  04:33
I'm also I'm also hearing I

Matthias Miller  04:45
ah, I'm also hearing e commerce. And I don't know if it's, it's conventional e commerce or if, but I feel like there's a digital commerce that's part of what you're doing. Um. Uh,

Unknown Speaker  05:01
but I don't

Matthias Miller  05:06
feel like it's conventional e commerce and like there's almost a blend of of digital currency and trading that's in it. I see this thing where it's like, I don't know how to describe this one either, but there's this, it's, it's, it's almost, it's almost like this invention where you have this blend between an e commerce Store, where people go to buy things and and like, again, I'm, like, peripherally experienced. I've not gone deep into crypto, but like, a a coin base, or a some kind of digital currency, and, like, there's this, this is me. This is like, this is this is like, risk taking, for sure, but I felt like somewhere in this space, I'm seeing some, some kind of, almost like an invention, almost like a an integration of of two different worlds. And I feel like there's actually a third component to this. I

Matthias Miller  06:25
and I'm not, I'm not sure what, I'm not sure what that what that component, what that component is. It's almost like a

Matthias Miller  06:42
the piece, the word that I keep hearing from head office is just like a sales component. There's like, that's, that's integrated into, into these, into these pieces. And I, I am so out of my depth with that, but that's, that's what I like. Like, there is a, there is a but the sense that I'm getting is that these are kind of like, these are, these are the best blueprints that you can actually see for what it is that you're building. But there's some kind of, almost like an invention, almost like an integration of pulling multiple pieces together in a way that they haven't been done before. And

Matthias Miller  07:38
I'm also getting the sense that, ah, I this is, this is just exploding. But I get the sense that

Matthias Miller  07:55
I get the sense that even even with the things that you've been working on, or in the space that you're in that I feel, I feel like, literally, my own inability to describe, is a little bit of the same, like obstacle that you've run into, but but where you've had conversations with people describing this thing that you're putting together, and they've just looked at you with kind of a look on your face, like I don't understand what Chris is actually saying, like it doesn't, and I feel like head office is saying, like, there's, there's a there's a room of innovators that you belong into, that that will even give you language for this, this thing that you're that you're putting together and and that will actually understand, understand what it is that you're doing. The other, the other question that I keep hearing is like, there's kind of this question of, what, why am I where I'm at in life, and why am I not further in what I've been trying to accomplish? And I hear head office saying, like, it's, it's, you're actually, there's this weird time warp. And I like, with all of this, I'm hearing that you're a man that's ahead of the time. And I feel like it's, it's not that you're behind you if time is here, it's not that you're behind it's that you're ahead and and I feel like there's this, there's this journey of rest and patience that that that's almost about letting the world catch catch up to what it is that you're doing. Because I feel like there are people who there are people who fail because they can't keep up, but there are people who fail because they push too hard on something this piece is. Explain a little commentary of what I've observed about people. I've observed people who fail because they can't keep up, but there are people who fail because they push their thing too hard before the world is ready for it. And and I feel like you're so far on the cutting edge that if you bide your time, and if you rest, then then the then you the wave is going to come, and you're already positioned, but the wave is going to come and the wave will lift you up with what it's doing. And I feel like, yeah, even with the drive like, the the the the the late nights, the early mornings, the can't turn it off. They can't stop thinking about it. If you like, head office is giving you permission to breathe and to rest and to let the rest of the world Catch, catch up to you. So you want to say something.

Speaker 1  10:50
So I said that was, that was really interesting, by the way, in terms of, this is, you know, I wasn't sure whether it was better for me to not talk or whether it was helpful to speak. I've got, you know, this is, oh, that's why I'm silent, not because I'm necessarily,

Unknown Speaker  11:04
you know, having anything to kind of add or whatever. Really interesting. Yeah, really, really, really interesting. Would you like some commentary from from my side? Or, yeah,

Matthias Miller  11:19
yeah, absolutely,

Speaker 1  11:23
yeah. So I think the maze thing is quite interesting, the way that I kind of received that is very metaphorical, more for just, you know, my own brain, how I receive that, which is making my own maze, which I would say is largely speaking through, continues to be so frustrates the hell out of me. I think there's a few things here. They're interesting and kind of joined up. The bringing things together. Thing is really interesting to me that you've seen that, because that's not the first time I've heard that on the memo. And I heard that about a year ago from forget the name of the chat on Perry's memos, and and he said the same thing. And then he said, I see you bringing elements together. It was like the only because I can't hear them for you, because I can't, I can't quite describe what is, what it is. I just know that you're bringing things together. I heard that, and that was interesting. So it's interesting that you saw the same thing.

Speaker 1  12:38
My last few years have been mainly focused in a a digital kind of marketing kind of sense, or kind of SEO and kind of acquisition and things like that, although that's an area that I've sort of tried to, sort of, you know, move away from, move away from a little bit just because I think the day to day is something I'm sort of less interesting interested in, and also because I want to spend more time learning. And I realize that I've been so nosed to the grindstone lately that the things I really enjoy, in fact, I think it was, I was the who said the strengths finder test, I forget. Well, not Colby the other one. And it was like, your number one thing is learning. And it was, it was quite interesting. Anyway, okay, yeah, that for me is like, that's like, my passion. And when I'm not doing that, I feel stuck. The interesting thing about the rest so I've come, I've come kind of prepared. I haven't got prepared. But, you know, I found that the best thing I ever did was by remarkable. So I've been trying to do head office in my own way. No way. I'm not going to take you through all of the scribble. You'll see it. But don't worry, it's not a long one.

Speaker 1  14:09
So this, which you can't see, is I said, What do I need to do? And this was a follow on from a early question, and I tried the left handed, wrong handed answering. And said, there are many options. What do you want to achieve? I said, I want to calm the chaos that is in my head. And he wrote, then you must rest. And it was interesting that you saw that. So yeah, so that was that was really, really, really interesting to me. I also did some work with Megan. This is January, and I think I probably should have delved into this a bit deeper, but it was trying to find the defining kind of question, and I don't think I ever really kind of got there. I. But it was largely around trying to find beauty or a sense of direction in the chaos. And it was into my mind, yeah, that's where I've always kind of found myself to be happiest and most effective just zooming out, seeing the big picture, and going, okay, you know, this needs to happen, and it's quite straightforward and easy to see, where other people just seem to be unable to kind of see that. And that's something that I've always found myself really kind of enjoying, and I guess, as much of a superpower as anything kind of can be, but I don't think I've ever really been able to lean into that, or figured out how. And oftentimes, the financial obligation stroke constraint of, you know, needing to, you know, to earn money, so to speak, I think, have often been it's a necessity that I often felt as men, that I haven't had the breathing room to actually do the things that matter to me, whether it's learning, whether it's, you know, building, the bringing elements together, whether it's a tech build, you know, whatever, whatever that might mean, I've kind of found myself always kind of doing a bit of a face to tail and, you know, kind of hand him out a little bit. And it's always been, like, super, super, super frustrating. And so that sense of not being where I feel I should be is it weighs so heavy, it weighs, like, incredibly heavy. And I've been trying so hard for the last couple of years. I've recently had a baby. So last couple of years have been also relocation and fatherhood and, you know, sleepless nights and so on. So, you know, that's been a journey kind of in of itself, and it's also helped me with, you know, I guess you know, different prioritizations and, you know, all of the stuff that kind of comes with, kind of, you know, parenthood.

Speaker 1  17:20
I found myself so afraid to take a rest, because it feels like I just have this anxiety around, like if I'm not building, you know, I'm not building something, then I'm at risk of things. You know. I've got a whole history from childhood of, you know, financial insecurity, and you know all those things happen with parents and losing houses. And you know big, big old story that we probably have time to go into. So scarcity has always been just this major, major, major money block and mental block as much as anything else. And I don't think that's something I've ever been kind of like able to shift. So, yeah, so that's, that's, that's a little bit about me, and a little bit of kind of feedback around, yeah, some of the things you were able to observe,

Matthias Miller  18:19
all right, so there's a space. So I've been working to articulate what it is that I do, and there's a space where there's this inner knowing, and here's where I like to draw new ones with memos, because we sometimes externalize memos, but I think the most powerful memos come from a place that is internalized, and there's an internal knowing. And I understand why memos, and I understand why because, because there is a transcendence to them. So I understand that, but there's a power in inner knowing. There is, there is that there is your authentic self, and there is, there is what I call collaborative strategy. Now, in this place. So this is, this is the this is the doing. This is, this is the you, the being, and this is the you know, another term, the phrase that I use is union with the truth. All right, in this place, here is the place that I call sanctuary, which is this place of absolute stillness, rest, groundedness, certainty, all of the things that that we're we're looking for. So, so. But. Around this, there's a so so so around this, there are assaults on it, there are finances, there are work obligations. So is there is well, and even with this fear of financial failure and well, actually, I'm going to put this one right here. So one of the things that jumped out at me when you were talking is when I described you the maze way of thinking. I described it as something that was positive. You described it as was something negative, and I was just curious, how do you see it playing out and and what are ways that you've seen it getting in your in your way,

Speaker 1  21:21
sometimes being able to see too much as too much possibility. Yeah, which kind of sounds like it should be the antithesis of how it should be constraining. But like, here is a, here is a really good example of, I guess, how my brain works and how the you know, and this is, you know, whatever lack of discipline, you know, some sort of disability, whatever, there is no sense of an end of invention and innovation. And you know, all the things, you know, very, very, very good at that. And then I completely forget what I've innovated. And then the next day, I'm thinking about the next thing, and so on, so forth, you know, and, and so I'm, I've been kind of wrestling with something, you know, kind of recently around, you know, kind of where I've been looking just to kind of take things, and I look back at some of my notes and realize I pretty much have the same idea about, you know, two or three months ago, and thought, oh, okay, so my brain's gone. And so essentially, that kind of, you know, one idea, and rather than just kind of take that idea as being okay, that's my kind of solid idea, you kind of go, Well, what if it mainly isn't the right idea, or you just have some other ideas or some doubts, and, you know, before you know it, you've all you just completely forgotten about it because, you know, life got in the way. And 24 hours later, I've completely, yeah, I've completely forgotten I even had that idea three, three days ago. So I think that's probably an example how I feel that my I'm my own worst enemy, and how I see the maze as being negative for me. Now the funny thing is, is that if you take me out of the equation, and I'm looking at somebody else's maze, it's like I'm zooming into a 300 foot view, and I'm just going, well, you just go the and I can see the path out. I can see everybody else's path out the maze, but I'm still chasing David Bowie and labyrinth. I

Matthias Miller  23:44
so here is starting point, here is maze. Here is this, and here is okay, here's the end point. And so for past diverge. This is where it splits. Pick your own adventure. Yeah, right. For other people, you can look at it, and you can take them up here. For your ideas, you're starting here, and you maze your way back to the beginning. So so my my question is, have you been able to identify any patterns? Let's pick an idea, the idea you had two to three months ago. You were working, working, working, working, working, working, working, working. Some more you. Then you got to a point in the idea, can you pinpoint the point where you were working through the maze, where you turned around and started mazing your way back to the beginning?

Speaker 1  25:22
What No, because I don't think, I don't even think it's as simple as just the Hickok. Went into the beginning. I went on a journey. I went on a tour of duty, and and went. And I completely forgot there was even a beginning. It was more like a knocked on the door and thought and open the door. Was like, oh, oh, okay, I'm back here. And, yeah, that was kind of, you know, in itself, kind of, you know, I got a gut wrenching revelation. Overthinking is definitely an area. That I struggle with, over engineering, and, you know, re engineering and so on so forth. Those are, those are definitely the areas that I kind of struggle with on a personal on a personal note. It's funny if I tell it, for example, I currently work for myself. Prior to that, I was MD In business, and I found that quite, you know, rewarding, and I find managing, you know, people, because I'm dealing with other people, seems quite straightforward, so that, to me, is quite, you know, operationally, I don't find that challenging, or obviously is challenging. But, you know, I don't have a problem with other people's stuff. But when it's just me by myself, I and I don't have an external resource to delegate to, you know, or to essentially, kind of, you know, do the work, or, you know, help in some way so the shape or form. And I think I could become a little bit my own worst enemy.

Matthias Miller  27:23
What made you go out on your own? What was the story on that

Speaker 1  27:34
we sold the business I had 12 months contractual, an out of sorts with the company that bought it. I didn't enjoy that. I have a problem with companies and dishonesty, and then I left there to work for a promising legal firm, which I thought was, well, my background is in financial services. I thought a different a different industry might be interesting. So I went into legal weirdly, it was an employment law firm with one of the most toxic individuals I've ever had, displeasure to meet as a CEO. And because I was buying a house for my mum, I stomached it for nine months, because while the mortgage was going through, and whilst I still have a PAYE, and that was, that was and then as soon as that happened, I was, you know, that was me done. So I basically decided, without any major planning, it was just more a case of, I don't think I particularly want to work for anyone again, and that's fine, but I don't think I've ever really found what I would call a true calling stroke, whenever product market fit whatever you want to call it. So there's been, you know, various amounts of trying things, but I would guess, probably to a certain extent, within myself and never really feeling that excitement that I kind of would hope in terms of, and I guess, you know, to a to a Peri universe terminology of, you know, not really kind of finding the problem that I needed to solve or wanted to solve, so and then that's kind of transitioned into being more of a hired gun, more than Anything else, and trading time for money. And then the baby came along, and I was, you know, that kind of made sense for a period. And then now I'm kind of 18 months in, and, yeah, kind of recognizing that something needs to change. And I. I need to focus on, yeah, figuring out, figuring my way out of the maze.

Matthias Miller  30:08
Are you the financial you said you owned this financial services company that you saw?

Speaker 1  30:19
So, yeah? Managing Director, yeah,

Matthias Miller  30:22
thank you. Sorry, and, and so you didn't have equity in the in the sale, you were just contractually required in order to fill the obligations of the sell. It got it. Well, that's an unfortunate situation.

Speaker 1  30:39
Yeah, there was a small amount of money, but we're not talking anything that was, that was life changing in any way, shape or form, interest. At the time, it was like, Okay, there's guaranteed. It was only been for 12 months and a small amount of money, so that's fine. It wasn't, it wasn't like, it was, you know, horrific in any way, shape or form. But I kind of quickly realized that, yeah, this isn't for me. I

Matthias Miller  31:03
so if, if I had to distill the thing, I don't know if this excites you, but if I had to paint a picture of a perfect scenario, if you had, I

Matthias Miller  31:25
if you had an owner of a business who was a joy to work with, which may be impossible to find, if you had a substantial team to oversee, and if you only needed to show up in the office one or two hours a day to make sure that every all the parts are moving and get people unstuck, and just make sure that the maze is charted out on a scale of one to 10, Where does that scenario or picture resonate with you?

Unknown Speaker  32:09
That scenario? Yeah, that scenario sounds attractive.

Matthias Miller  32:18
A, five, attractive, nine, attractive,

Speaker 1  32:26
assuming that we've kind of got a good owner and a good team and you know, all of the above, then I'd say we're in. Yeah, I would say that's a good eight. Okay,

Matthias Miller  32:40
so good owner, good team. And does the the sense I get from you is that you're so strategic that you could solve most of the issues and manage the operation on one to two hours a day. Is that for an appropriate type of gig, and is that about the rate? How does that? Does that fit?

Speaker 1  33:07
Yeah, as long as I've got the, you know, the information, you know, in front of me to, you know, evaluate,

Matthias Miller  33:17
then yeah, so I'm going to put in information pushed to you. So what? Here's the here's the eight. So let me, let me suggest something to you. I think your maze may just be your fish out of water, and you're not a lone ranger, and you're not there are people built for there are people. Okay? Perry talks about the $10 $100 $1,000 an hour work. You're not meant for 10 or $100 an hour work. It's nothing wrong with it. It's nothing wrong about the people, but that's not the place where you derive the greatest fulfillment. You want to operate at the 1000 or $10,000 however high. I'm not trying to set a limit, but it is at that level that you do your best work. Yeah. Is that fair?

Unknown Speaker  34:18
I think that's very important.

Matthias Miller  34:20
So here's the way I would describe your your maze

Matthias Miller  34:32
is you were in this place that was almost working going along there was a sale which turned into golden handcuffs, and then there was the mortgage that you were trying to get through with an even with an even worse scenario that sort of looked like this, but had a few missing elements. And this was. Is, I don't want to put words in your mouth or assume, but this was so awful that you got to the end and said that was, that's so not what I want to do, that I think I'm going to lean out and go find go build my own thing, because these people are so intact in their building their thing.

Speaker 1  35:29
Yeah, that was a, definitely a thought that was going through my head for sure.

Matthias Miller  35:36
So my question would be, what needs to be added or subtracted To this in order to make it a 10, do

Speaker 1  36:04
I mean, on the basis of, because the thing that isn't there is, you know, the enumeration side of things. And I'm assuming that that's, you know, within Sure, yeah, you know,

Matthias Miller  36:18
let's say well compensated. And I don't know exactly what you're looking for, but maybe there's performance upside, and maybe there's vested equity or something like that, yeah, yeah, thing,

Speaker 1  36:31
things like that, yeah. That definitely makes things a track. Like, I need to, I need, like, if, if I've got skin in the game or, you know, a pot of gold, you know, at the end of the rainbow, then it, it transforms everything.

Matthias Miller  36:54
What is the ideal sprint length for you? Is it? Are you a sprinter or a marathoner? So if you jump in, let's say, let's say we found this guy, and they're saying we want to go from, we want to go from zero to 1 million. We want to go from, apologies, I'm not good at drawing pound symbols. But this could be translated from from one to 10. We're from 10 to 100 and this is going to be, you know, this is, this could be, you know, I don't know what in your time frames could be I want to be here three months, six months, 12 months, five years and 10 years. So which of these stages are most assuming, let's just, I want to focus just on the work, apart from compensation, where you feel like you do your best work. Which of these stages do you feel like

Speaker 1  38:14
I would say that I I do my best work? Probably the stage where a company is, you know, they're, let's say they're a minimum of 12 months in, and they've already kind of got, you know, foundations in place. They're producing revenue like zero to, you know, zero to 1 million, whatever. I think that's hard. That's a hard gig. And I think it's a hard gig because you're dealing with infrastructure as well as you know, essentially, kind of optimization as it were, like, like, it's really hard to 8020, nothing, and invariably, you know, I find that there's a lot of, you know, opinions that need to be debated, and so on and so forth, etc, yeah, you know, to, whereas, if you've got a company that's turning over a million pound a year or something, or, you know, and I've withdrawn that, then you can say, great, well, you're basically wasting 100 grand right off the bat. So let's just stop doing that thing, you know, and let's add value, like, it's just, you know, for me, it's just re engineering focus for any business, you know, bit of it's, you know, the various key stakeholders, whether it's, you know, people, ground level, it's like, well, what are we doing? And you know, what's going well, what's not going well. Very straightforward, I guess, kind of operational, stroke, marketing, direction.

Matthias Miller  39:59
So. So, and I

Speaker 1  40:02
would say that probably the the up to 10 mil is, yeah, you start to get into bureaucracy beyond a certain point, and certain things get neat bureaucratic. I'm less interested. I don't want to sell management meetings.

Matthias Miller  40:13
Yeah, so in, I mean, yeah, you can, you maybe get up to 20 but it does, yes, sorry, so, so this is the, let's say one to 10, yeah. And so the time frame that we're looking for is, is, you know, more than, more than one, less than five years sprints, but it's a longer term ish, and at this point, anyway, they're going to want to replace you with somebody who is a more bureaucratic leader. Anyway, it's best for the company. So.

Matthias Miller  41:00
So with this clarification, with performance upside, best equity is that a nine and a half. Yeah, okay, and the half point you're going to get from the I'm going to argue, you're going to get from the rest of the four hours a day that you're spending learning and having conversations like this, and spending time with your new child and all of these other things. Yes, okay, so I

Matthias Miller  42:03
now the driving question is, first of all, okay, one one question. Also question, where are you willing to make compromises if you have a really good owner and you have initial conversations going in saying, I'm going to look at your team, and we'll probably need to lay off two of them, or we'll probably need to fire three and bring on two. Of course, that's maybe too many for this size of company, but we're going to have to do that. And if you're on board, I'm on board, and you have permission to reorient the team. Is that an acceptable negoti negotiable?

Speaker 1  42:50
Oh, in terms of, like, being able to have that conversation, yeah. I mean, in terms of, for me, that's, it's not really negotiation. That's just what needs to happen, yeah, right,

Matthias Miller  43:00
yeah. So that checks the box here. The good team means maybe as simple as, yes, we're going to fire some people, but we're going to get a good team, and we're going to make a good team, right? Yeah,

Speaker 1  43:11
your marketing manager is absolutely terrible. We need a good person.

Matthias Miller  43:15
Yes, okay, so the 8020 of this whole thing is, where is the pool of good business owners who are doing right around a million? And if you have a good business owner, I would think you and you and the owner could sit down for dinner or one or have have a glass of wine or something, and I suspect that that it wouldn't be that difficult for you to sell the owner on why you're the right person. You're a stand up guy. A stand up person is going to recognize that you have integrity, but you're also performance driven and motivated by growth. And you, you do know what you you've been through this race before. You do know what you're doing. Is that? Is that fair? Yeah, so we have the end game, and if you can find the right enough of the right people, and I don't want to make assumptions, but the impression I get from you and from everything and from every everywhere, is that, is that even the conversation leading up, the negotiation to get here, the sales pitch, the winning them Over, I feel like you've got maybe it's not perfect, but you're not incompetent at that, and that's not the real issue that we're wrestling with. Am I right?

Speaker 1  44:52
Yeah, I think the, you know, the finding, the kind of like the good owners are. And the people that admit that they need help, I think, is yeah, something that I would say, historically, I've been Yeah, kind of, I know I think not so good, but maybe I've not been necessarily so focused on that conversation, and it's weird. And then kind of actually even kind of presenting myself in terms of,

Unknown Speaker  45:34
like, I like

Speaker 1  45:36
presenting myself as in, you know, this is the proposal, and this is the value, and so on so forth. I think that's an area that I've still struggled with in terms of, I guess that's, you know, trash, devaluing myself in that kind of conversation. And I guess that's, you know, things that could be worked on,

Matthias Miller  45:57
it can be and I'll just make a few observations on that point. One is, I've been in similar situations. About a year ago, I fired my biggest client, and I was their VP of Sales and Marketing. And after that, I asked the question, in, you know, managing about half a million dollars, like half a million a year about, you know, 40 grand a year in in digital spend. And, you know, sales team of about eight people, and I wasn't supported as well as I should have been. And, you know, there's, I learned a bunch of lessons and all this stuff. Guess what? I felt like. So I just did that. I won over the client. I and I gave it my best shot. And on the heels of that, the questions, when you then, life has a way of beating it into your head. That was then. It wasn't now. Look at look at only, look at the deficits of which you could have done. The reality is, if I would have had a mulligan, and if, if the owner would have been open to it, we could have turned that thing around, and we could have done around too and and had substantial performance improvement. So we got through the end of it a substantially better person. But the situation of, I'm no longer, I can no longer. I can only lean on past experience. I'm no longer in this situation. Therefore I don't validate myself. I can't validate my skill set. And I guess what I want to do is, in some way, normalizes for you. It's normal for people who are really good at what they do to step away from incredible situations and environments and feel lost and wonder whether they can repeat it or not. There's a reason why owners will sell businesses and have a great two weeks and then once it goes past the length of a vacation or holiday, they go into depression and they wonder whether they they really have it within them to run a business, even though evidence is is overwhelmingly in the in the contrary. So what I would invite you to is

Matthias Miller  48:31
you remind me of the kind of person who's I'm not familiar with. With your military, but in our military, it's the Navy SEALs, but you're not a lone wolf, and if you would have one, let's start with this. I feel like this is actually the 8020 of the 8020 who is the person in your network, in your life, around you, who would be would stand shoulder to shoulder with you as you lean into they see your value. They see your worth. They believe in you as a person. They're a friend who would just lean in with you as you kind of go into the situation or start looking at the situation, even you

Speaker 1  49:23
it's a really frightening pause, because it's a serious pause, and that's, you know, on a personal level, something that I've Yeah, yeah, I find quite a struggle. I don't really have professional friendships so

Unknown Speaker  49:44
much so therefore,

Speaker 1  49:53
it can be kind of quite isolating. At the moment I have. Three clients. Well, about to have three clients, and this is something I've been struggling with, one of which is, this is kind of, this is, this is weird. So like, I kind of wanting to move more into the legal space that I've got history in Fs. One of my clients is an international litigation funder, and I've really great relationship with them, the sort of cmo level, but, you know, I go on well with the CEO in their head offices in Brussels. And they're a cool client, a good friend of mine who's probably the only one called professional relationship, is also just about to start a litigation funding business with quite a unique model. And it's quite exciting. It's like, this is not a massive this is a pretty niche industry legal funding. It's, it's, you know, yeah. And so I've kind of found myself, I've kind of got these, these two out of three clients that are in this kind of this space, and seem to have fallen into suddenly being a marketing expert for litigation funders, or, you know, soon to be. And that's a sort of a weird one, where it wasn't, there was a negotiation of sorts. It was his, you know, here's what we're doing, and, you know, here's an amount of money, which probably is less than it, you know, possibly should be. But we haven't actually agreed any hours or any kind of there's no, yeah, I quote in his friend, in my friends, he's a shareholder. So he's like, one of the guys put it all together. He's like, Well, we'll just do it for fun for 12 months and see if we can do something with it. So it's about as loose as it gets. But you know, there's upside, but there's no equity in that, in that deal, which we're probably changing. And then the other client is a corporate client who I who is in the financial service, in kind of lending, and there's like a 50 million business as all the trappings of corporate culture, which is too much talk, nobody doing anything. And, you know, I don't really particularly enjoy that, but they've been good, you know, they're good payers. They pay the bills. And I'm at the moment trying to renegotiate. In fact, literally, just before the call today is me trying to figure out how to kind of, you know, re propose our because I've got sucked into operational stuff, and it's just driving me potty. And I'm like, This can't continue. And they're they're not hiring the resources that they need. So I've sort of been wrestling with this. If I manage all three clients, that's probably most of my time. But financially, I don't need to think about that, but I don't feel unnecessarily building much security in this framework. The other flip side is to lose one of the clients, which, you know, I would probably argue be the corporate client, if that was going to be the case. And that then means I then have more bandwidth, but then within that bandwidth obviously need to, you know, kind of figure out what the next step of the ladder is.

Unknown Speaker  53:54
So go ahead,

Speaker 1  53:57
exactly and then. But none of those kind of options, kind of, you know, currently are meeting the, you know, the kind of the structure that we just discussed in terms of, you know, a different type of client, which you know, would be, Yeah, that type of relationship could work really well. I

Matthias Miller  54:24
so if I had to 8020 the 8020 of what I believe will make the most difference to you is, I think you need somebody who believes in you deeply, and they don't have to be a problem solver. They just need to give you a place of groundedness for you to lean in so you you are no longer the lone wolf while you're trying. To figure this out. If you don't have any Go ahead, then in that phase, if you don't have anybody like that, let's talk about how to find that. It might even be a personal friend. Maybe it's not a professional relationship. If that network doesn't exist, maybe it's a a grandfatherly figure, for lack of a better description. Hmm,

Speaker 1  55:44
there is still nobody that immediately screams mine. But what was interesting in the lone wolf thing, which was they always stuck with me. Have you heard of human design? I did something about ages ago, which thought was kind of quite interesting. But the funny thing was, is that the one of the key things that came out of that was the role, where I'm happy, this is where I'm supporting someone, and call it a better term, a number two, if you like, where I'm not the person who is front and center on, you know, the verse. That's just one step behind in the shadows, so to speak, not necessarily in the shadows, but, but anyway, so it was just interesting that you see the same thing with the the anti lone wolf. I don't think it's been with my mental health, if I'm honest, I don't think that, and I think I've been struggling with trying to find people and build the team, etc, in order to try and get out of that. All right, so

Matthias Miller  56:56
we don't have to take time. Now, I'm planning to offer a telegram group continuity, for people who want to chat back and forth, and, you know, have that kind of sounding board. So if that's helpful, happy to do that. More of these calls open to doing that, whatever I whatever, whatever, ends up serving you best and fitting you best. So we don't know yet how that is going to happen, but I also know enough about let's look at how you've ended up in legal funding. And you know it's possible that this person will emerge within the next week or two, and either they'll come to mind, or you'll cross paths and you're like, that's the person. So, so we'll just leave it as a possibility, perhaps and and see what emerges, rather than forcing our way to this. The other question, then, is, the other riddle to solve, is, where are these owners? I Yes, where are these healthy owners hanging out? Where are they congregating? Are there restaurants, events, clubs, churches, nonprofit, fundraisers?

Matthias Miller  58:30
Are there influencers, business influencers, that collect actually? Let me ask you another question for you. First, in this scenario here, does it make any difference to you whether you're managing a remote team or a in person team?

Unknown Speaker  58:58
So I much.

Speaker 1  59:03
Something I've also been kind of trying to work towards is, and something I found quite debilitating is, is I work best in live environments? So

Unknown Speaker  59:16
yeah, get

Speaker 1  59:18
yourself a career where you're largely digital and remote and work for yourself. And you can see that I really engineered my own life in a strategic and purposeful fashion, too.

Matthias Miller  59:32
You're you're in it. We've all done this, man, most. We've all done it. There is no judgment. That was the impression I was getting, and I was thinking local and and so I think it's been clarification. Here's what I think. I think that when we are in this place of sanctuary, you know, people will say, you have to go. To because there's so much more opportunity, which actually ends up being scarcity thinking. But if you were actually uniquely wired to be live and in person, then that means that you have a unique ability in managing those types of environments that puts you it's the whole thing I expressed in my email. But let's multiply these. I do really well building rapport, doing face to face, creating that culture. I do really well, assimilating information and turning paths. I get really like, getting people unstuck. I'm growth oriented. Times this, times this, times this, times this. Like that is a point, another point, zero, 1% Oh, I also don't screw people over like that's a point zero 1% of the population, and there's not a lot of people who have that capacity and that capability and have the character to actually live like that. So to the right kind of person, to the right handful of people, I would, I don't want to sound presumptuous, but to the right kind of people, there would be a bit of elbowing and perhaps a betting word or a bidding war to like there is strong value, your value. You're very gifted and skilled. Just repeating what I said, fish out of water. So way somewhere, so there. So we know that this group of people meets locally, or these people are local in some way. I'm saying meets locally, because instinctively, instinctively, strategically, 8020, in it. But also, I guess, intuitively, these people already know each other, and they're already getting together somewhere. It could be a peer group business, group of guys who get together for breakfast once a month. It could be that informal. It's

Speaker 1  1:02:14
interesting, because since I've moved to where I am, which is so I think up, you know, I've left London, which is, you know, 20 years of, you know, being in a city, and there's an energy that happens in the city. And I've not yet, really, you know, kind of built a base, for example, in terms of, you know, where I have so on, so forth. But there are, yeah, it's quite it's a very affluent area where I am.

Matthias Miller  1:02:48
So okay, so let's go down this route. I like that. So let's go down this route. Do you like so uncultured, stereotypical American is, is there a thing like golf? That's it. If I were in your in your shoes, if you were in the US, I would ask you the question, do you like to play golf? And if the answer was yes, then I would say part of your rest experiment is go play golf every figure out when these guys are playing golf, and go play golf over that time. Is there an equivalent? Is that a thing, or is there an equivalent in your area that meets the I'm not going to hate myself for doing this, and they do it too.

Speaker 1  1:03:33
That's something funny, yes. So

Unknown Speaker  1:03:41
I don't play golf.

Speaker 1  1:03:43
I'm not aversity. I just don't play it. I prefer billiards. But I think I'd like, sort of like, I think this might have even been this way memo, which was where it was spoken around me, bringing elements together. And then it was somebody else that did it. And it was really spooky, because she said, I can see green. Anyway, she was describing something that was like, wow, okay. This is kind of like, I think this is probably one of the things that really kind of made me kind of, you know, maybe kind of think a little bit more openly, because I didn't really know what to expect, but she mentioned something, and then there was a she mentioned she because he had the lightning bolt, and it was happening in this place of green, and so on so forth, right? So I've just put a link into the chat, and this is where my gym is

Unknown Speaker  1:04:47
that's incredible. Wow, I

Speaker 1  1:04:57
just go there to lift weights, but you know, they're. That is my that is my local, if you like. But there's a lot of, you know, business networking and things that I think go on there, and events and so on.

Matthias Miller  1:05:13
Have you participated in any of them? No, why not.

Speaker 1  1:05:19
Never thought about it, truth be told, and I don't play golf, which is probably one of the key things, no, so it's not something that's kind of Top of Mind. Weirdly, my whole family's kind of golf mad. I have been, I have been to Augusta.

Speaker 2  1:05:35
I know nothing about golf, but would you Is this the kind of thing, that

Matthias Miller  1:05:43
I'm the rebel of the family. I don't want to play golf, but if I would lay that down, I could get excited about learning golf, playing golf. Or is this a, I would actually be interested and kind of scared of being put to shame by these guys? Or is this a, you know, I just hate the physics of swinging my arms and making the little white ball go sailing where it needs to go, and that's ridiculous. I just never thought about it good.

Speaker 1  1:06:11
It's probably weird enough things like that, don't there's no fear factor involved. It's just just, I've always kind of preferred billiards and snooker a lot. I'm a big I'm a big fan of like, nine ball, like, I can play nine ball for hours, but nobody plays it in the UK. I'm in the wrong country, you know, I can quite happily watch shame and boning kind of four balls around all day, but the but, yeah, the golfing side of the thing, there's no particular reason, I guess it probably more than anything else I just don't have there's nobody that I am friends with the plays golf. So therefore, it's never been on my agenda to go and have a game of golf with someone, because playing by your own, I think, is a bit of a lonesome, lonesome three hours. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:07:02
all right. So I find it very interesting. I feel like you've been orbiting the source, like you've been orbiting the answer, perhaps. So the question, the way I would pose, this is a simple experiment, so all it would take is one Gulf fundraiser event, something where you don't know anybody to potentially find those one or two guys that you would actually like to go back and get into the groove of doing that, if that's the thing to do. Um, I don't feel like we've quite settled on what this thing is exactly, but I feel we're getting closer to where you're finding gonna find these people. Go ahead.

Speaker 1  1:07:57
I think whether, whether it's the I don't know whether, I don't know whether kind of the golf necessarily, is the thing, but in terms of the venue, then again, since, you know, from last year and me kind of going, okay, that's spookily accurate. You know, you can't see me, and you're the thriving card and park. And I thought, so it's never, it's never left me that, you know, there, yeah, I feel there is something in and around this, this venue, that I'm not tapping into, that's definitely been a thing. And, you know, like, you only have to, like, is this like, I think there's, it's this not an open shop. British mentality tends to be more closed shop than open shop. In terms of, I think in America, there's a bit more openness to a conversation doors. Doors have to be somewhat well oiled, and sometimes, you know, leave it off its hinges to sometimes have those conversations. That's something culturally that seems to be the case. Because I've only got to look at the car park to know that this is, you know, a center of which, yeah, lots of things happen. I think, yeah, there's, there's a lot of deal making and so on so forth, is done in the round, in around here. So at the moment, I go there and lift weights, that's, that's, that's, that's, that's, I haven't used it for much older, much other than that.

Matthias Miller  1:09:39
All right, I've got a question for you, but we've been going for about an hour. I don't mind going a little bit over time, but if we could maybe take a five, five minute break and then and then pick up, I've got a question to pick up, if that's good with you.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:57
Yeah, John, asking the question now, take a break or.

Matthias Miller  1:09:59
Oh sure, if you want the question. Now, the question is that I would like to if let's take you out of it. Now the situation and scenario is, I am the guy lifting weights at Sorry, I lost the name the park and yeah, card Park, and I'm the guy lifting weights. There you are, the marketing and sales and client acquisition strategist. What is your roadmap going to look like for me to do this? That's my question. Okay, and we'll play around with that.

Speaker 1  1:10:40
I'll see you in I'll see You in five. See you Bye.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:52
Oh, sorry, they realized you were back. Oh, no worries. I'm

Matthias Miller  1:18:55
sorry I should have been muted and Helen, but here we are as let me tell you what was circulating in my mind, and you can tell me what it was circulating in your mind. There is kind of this sense that I don't know your marketing DNA, but I could totally see you, okay, I don't understand, I don't know the context of how to introduce this to people. I don't know that, but I see like this. I saw like this half page, you know, like a full color, like, almost like a flyer, sign, etc. It was branded. So that was part one. And this is also completely outlandish, but I'm still going to throw this out there. But nobody has ever said that you can't have a sales funnel in which. You have branded workout gear and a beautifully orchestrated and branded website that goes with it and creates opportunity and invitation for oh, well, what is it that you do so? But I'm curious to hear from you, but it, but it. You know, the thing, the idea playing around with is there some way in which there's a print media, you know, these are ideas to start playing around with, and I'd love to hear what, what bubbled up for you.

Speaker 1  1:20:37
So my brain went in a much more in a much different direction. So I was looking at the website, and the website tells me everything that I can do, but the website doesn't tell me what's going on. It doesn't tell me anything about the community, the ecosystem, the members, you know, it's just telling me how I can spend money. Incidentally, worst company in the world to try and spend money with. They make it so difficult to spend money that, yeah, though it's like crazy, they've got that much money. But I remember trying to buy a spa for me and my partner, and by the end of I just gave up. I went so I'll just get, I'll just get a bottle of wine. Yeah, they're an interesting anyway. So I thought, Okay, so who knows what's going on. So I went to LinkedIn and found who the marketing manager is. And thought, You know what? That's the person I need to, first of all, begin this journey with, make friends with the marketing manager, and that's who I can learn from and get friendly with. And that feels like a good starting point. I don't know where it's going to take me. I love it. I'll learn more from a coffee or a beer with him that I will do from trying to figure it out,

Matthias Miller  1:22:05
yes, and we don't know, but this could be the person who goes shoulder to shoulder with you into the fray to figure out your path to where it is that you want to

Speaker 1  1:22:23
go could be and if not him, we'll see. We'll see if someone else, so and so forth. There's another thing which I haven't mentioned, and this is the other thing that I've been so the website is very much a work in progress, and it's, yeah, it's a placeholder for now, but I've kind of been trying to reposition. I kind of was in face digital, which is more of a digital mark, digital agency, although it turns out I'm terrible at running an agency that became a consultancy, and now it's like, really, it's got nothing to do with what I actually do these days anyway. So I've kind of moved away from this.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:16
So

Speaker 1  1:23:18
I've so I'm in the process of, yeah, just kind of repositioning in under the umbrella growth, which is more strategy, kind of consulting based

Matthias Miller  1:23:39
how many of these legal firms are in your within a commutable distance,

Speaker 1  1:23:50
quite a few so well, although I'm not in London, the North West is quite busy. It's got Liverpool, Manchester. They're all about 40 minute drive away. So, you know, quite straightforward. So there's, there's quite, there's quite, there's quite a lot happening in and around here.

Matthias Miller  1:24:07
So okay, so drawing in two things. Is there a can you let's see. Let me go take this look. Read online assessment. I But you're, you're, you're, MD, MD, role, okay, you could take much of the language here.

Matthias Miller  1:24:36
And the online assessment talks about marketing,

Speaker 1  1:24:41
yeah, there's a few things that need you know this is important, yeah, the

Matthias Miller  1:24:45
landing page is everything that we just described up here, right? I mean, yeah, like, almost nothing, I actually don't see. Well, deploy, okay, deploy marketing budgets. Has to change, but, but like this is the questions are not typical marketing questions. These are MD style questions that you might ask. So the question that I would have, okay, so two thoughts come to mind. Is there a let's use the Perry had a daily minute recently about if I were had to, if his mentor had to parachute into a new area and get consulting clients. How would he do that? He would do it with some kind of assessment or scorecard and offer to sit down and discuss the results. You have the questions here how we work. You need a way to assign us a score. You already have other questions in the marketing side, probably, if I don't know, how much time does it take you, if you had a day that you didn't have interruptions, you could sit down and focus. You could probably map out an Excel spreadsheet that lets you put together a scorecard that then allows you to score and highlight their, highlight their issues and and could then propose, even potentially, a more in depth discovery engagement, where you can do a Dating period and figure out what the what the owner actually is like.

Speaker 1  1:26:25
So that's a key thing, which is on the roadmap. So that school card was done a while ago, and then things shifted. And so, yeah, just, but yeah, that's very much on my kind of roadmap. And again, it was very, very it's, I remember even, like, you say minutes and thinking, yeah, that just like, makes terrible sense. It becomes a conversation with God, the other thing, and this is the thing that I have been only the last couple of days. Well, no, the conversation in my head has been around for a long time, and it comes down to a little bit around how many clients I manage and how much resource and so on so. And this is also interesting around, like the rest side of things, it's like, well, I have found, and this was predicated, you know, kind of often and largely from probably just needed a bit more kind of human connection outside of, you know, day to day work or, you Know, whatever, and something slightly more intellectually demanding than whatever nursery rhyme I'm doing on the day.

Unknown Speaker  1:27:46
And I

Speaker 1  1:27:48
I, for a year I ran a podcast, bit more of a mental health thing, and I stopped that because I just got bored talking about it

Unknown Speaker  1:28:03
and

Speaker 1  1:28:06
and this recently, I've been thinking a lot more around, probably lesser on the podcast, more of a, you know, a video theme, um, around and just The same the third quarter.

Matthias Miller  1:28:20
Um, sorry, around around what firm growth

Speaker 1  1:28:23
is in, you know, just yeah, yes, yeah, with the aim,

Matthias Miller  1:28:30
you have a natural curiosity around firm growth and what supports it, and what makes it, all of these things, right? Yeah, okay, yeah, so

Speaker 1  1:28:39
and just really less about, and I thought, show up for once. This is, it's less about the needing to be like a definitive linear This is marketing, you know, this is a sales, etc, and so on, so forth. I find, I think one of the things I found quite exhausting is that there's only so many businesses I can hold in my head at any given time. And I've realized that's the difference between strategy and doing a service, you know. And like, you know, apart from the fact that we know whether or not marketing is marketing, services are a dying, you know, industry or whatever, there's a whole kind of conversation. But you know, to the more to the point there's a lot I just, I'm not that. I'm just not wired in that way to then just, you know, try and sell love's common denominator stuff to people. It just, yeah, isn't my bag. But there's only so many kind of company business models that you can have in your head at any kind of given time. Which is why I'm on the cusp of the whole, you know, do I take two clients or three clients? Yes, I might have more money for a bit, but then does that stump me from actually getting where I'm really trying to get to, and all of that? And so, yeah, I kind of happened upon this kind of firm growth kind of name. It kind of stuck. I kind of quite liked it. Yes, I kind of feel that. You know, the legal industry is generally terrible at marketing, although, you know they don't necessarily want to admit it, but yeah, as you know yourself, there's, yeah, they're pretty bad. I love the word weak. So the idea around kind of, the kind of the podcast inshallah was to essentially interview CMOS, Head of Marketing, senior people at law firms, and hopefully, you know, managing partners and so on so forth within that to talk about their business, and then also interview interesting marketing people into the mix, so that there's a bit of, you know, both sides. And I had thought around, kind of building this into a network of sorts, I think I mentioned it into the asked Perry about this couple of weeks ago, and which is different to what we're talking about around, kind of working more closely, kind of along with the firm. But there was an interest for me to essentially, yeah, help firms figure out why stuff isn't growing, and then help them find the right, you know, agency partners, you know, team, whoever, whoever kind of that might be. That's a bit kind of undefined, but whether or not to start the podcast was something that I've been thinking about and, you know, kind of deciding. And I actually, I think I asked head office, you know, the exact same question. It's been quite it's been quite interesting doing this. It's quite new territory for me. And I'll tell you what. I'll tell you, I'll tell you what was, what I received. This is like this a couple of weeks ago,

Unknown Speaker  1:31:54
and there's load pages.

Unknown Speaker  1:32:01
I should play elevator music at this point,

Matthias Miller  1:32:09
uncomfortable with silence. Don't worry. The

Speaker 1  1:32:33
Well, if I can't find the exact thing. I'm just going to tell you what was basically said, but I've probably got this far now.

Speaker 1  1:32:53
No, I don't know where it's going. Anyway, okay, that was, that was an anti climax. Anyway, the message was basically like, yeah, you'll be glad that you did it, but, you know, you're not going to kind of get the benefit from it for, you know, for a kind of like, period of time. It's a long term play, and you're probably going to be frustrated as hell for the first six months. That was kind of the message that I've seen which, which was kind of interesting. I thought, Okay, well, that feels like one on point. I'm going to do something and then spend six months has been really frustrated. But the Yeah, the overarching message was, yes, it's something that you will be clapped that you did. So that's been yeah on my kind of considerations for for roadmap, which is, you know, do I kind of almost, almost drop the business development for a period of time within keeping awareness very much open, and maybe take a rest from the pushing of that which comes, you know, and this, I remember you said right the beginning of The conversation today, you know, he was, you know, pushing so hard that, you know, whether I'm further, whether things need to catch up with me. You know, I don't know what the I don't know what that message or memo kind of necessarily says, but I've been, yeah, do I do? I start to try and build a media kind of component that allows me to learn more about, first of all, have conversations, and secondly, you know, be able to learn more about the problems that companies are having and so on so forth, almost as an education piece, as much as as I should, as much as I.

Matthias Miller  1:35:05
So if i

Matthias Miller  1:35:24
What's the piece that You're hoping to learn with the podcast? I

Speaker 1  1:35:43
I don't know if I'm looking to learn kind of anything, although you know, conversations with people will, you know, undoubtedly present information, and it's an opportunity to ask questions. I think it was

Unknown Speaker  1:36:09
doing something that brings in other things in my life that give me joy, curiosity, conversation, connection, you know, maybe friendship along the way. I think those are probably more the key, the key drivers and the sort of the, kind of the key motivators, and

Speaker 1  1:36:45
within that, you know, the ability to, you know, at the end of each show, say, by the way, if you need help with this thing, then, you know, get in touch. So it's a very soft, it's a soft marketing, but also something where I'm very, very, very deeply conscious, a conscience, conscious that lack of an audience is always, well, not as always come thing, but there's an element of feeling. There's an empty kind of chasing tail, and I think that, particularly within the legal space as well, if that's, you know, where I want to kind of build my reputation. Like, credibility factor is really big. Like, yeah, it's that something that matters. It's, it's interesting that other industries are far more, you know, far more of a meritocracy, whereas where you went to university and you know what shoes you're wearing, still very much matter in in that space. So I think there was probably an element of, you know, thinking around well, you know, over time, you know, a year or two down the line, will I be happy that I've, you know, built, built authority, or some kind of authority within that space. That means that you Yeah, you don't have to start from zero. That was, that was, I guess, kind of one of the kind of the key thinkings around whether or not that was a direction to take, and the reason of, I guess, not so much a reason of, kind of not necessarily jumping into it, is going, if I'm going to do this, I don't want it to be a try for three months and, you know, be another Start Stop. You know, attempt, yes,

Matthias Miller  1:38:48
well, no knowing going in is very helpful that this is going to be brutal and painful and that you'll just have to push through

Speaker 1  1:38:59
it having done it once before and done 50 episodes at least, I've got some degree of battle hardness. Yes,

Matthias Miller  1:39:12
all right, so I want to start outlining. So so takeaways, marketing director, how do you feel about developing the scorecard from an let me start with this. How do you feel about at least temporarily, maybe indefinitely, putting a pause on the marketing guy and being the firm growth guy and being either, you know, being a fractional, fractional. And the second in command type of thing for these companies and building. I'm not, I don't even think you have to be married to this long term. Maybe there's variations on the road. But how does that? Where are you at with that? I

Speaker 1  1:40:25
I don't even think I am the marketing guy. Like, okay, and the only reason to say that is it is not, not because not, not to be facetious, it's just the thing they're like, if I look at my engagements with clients. It's, it's almost increased. It's always increasingly like, I don't seem to do much marketing, which has been hilarious and, you know, kind of frustrating in kind of equal measures. So yeah, I don't have any major issues with this. I'm not married to that person. That is what I'm trying to decide. So we're

Matthias Miller  1:41:02
going to lay down the marketing hat, take it off like that. The one thing that would help substantially from a positioning and authority standpoint, is if the scorecard could be introduced by somebody else. So Fred reaches out and says, I did this scorecard. Or you need to talk to this guy. It's worth your time. You should bring him in and you bring him in, if this is the place where authority matters. Do you Do you think having something like that is important to the success of getting them to open the door and let you in for the brief conversation?

Speaker 1  1:41:58
I think it could be useful. I think also within the school card being, you know, a curiosity kind of factory of itself. It, you know, you know, you could, there are sort of different levels, as a surface level, entry level, and then there's a, you know, a deeper one kind of, you know, further down the line as an example. So, you know, advertising is quite straightforward to you know, put that in front of people.

Speaker 1  1:42:29
The introduction side of things could be quite interesting. I've actually got a call next week with a company that work with legal firms who are a tech company called Fix my legals, who a friend introduced me to. Yeah, so are we having a bit of an intro call to say hi and see if there's a way that we can kind of help one another there? So yeah, that could be, yeah, that could be an interesting relationship.

Matthias Miller  1:43:09
So I guess what I'm after here is,

Matthias Miller  1:43:18
I want things that fit you so well that when you get off the call and you're tempted to revert and reinvent that, that you can actually stay the course that's

Matthias Miller  1:43:47
or that you can get quick wins, fast enough, or that, I'm not quite sure what the riddle is to solve here,

Unknown Speaker  1:44:00
still in a maze.

Speaker 1  1:44:10
I guess for me, one of the I think for a while I've been closer to where I'm trying to take myself. It tell you, it's taken me a while to extract myself out of being the marketing guy that's been quite recently. You know, I don't really particularly want to talk about sto I can, I can I do and so on. But, yeah, it's just and there are guys out there better than me anyway, so you know, to that extent, I've got no problems with that. But there's also a limiting conversation, unless you're really interested in I guess finding the i. Okay, let's have a So, finding the relationship whereby I can have that model of working a couple of hours a day and being kind of, you know, compensated for it feels like that's probably less of a quick win. Feels like, feels like you could, but it's probably, it's not going to be October when

Unknown Speaker  1:45:32
that happens. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:45:34
and it probably doesn't. Shouldn't be a company that's in distress, correct? So it needs to be a company that is, you know, at the very least stable, but it needs an ambitious owner, and that owner needs to be somebody that can put their ego to one side. Doesn't sound like the legal industry, but let's just, you know, let's just not dwell on that. It's fine. I'm just joking. There was within all of this as well. There is, there is a slight, you know, the word, using the word for although legal, to focus, I've also been aware that does allow me to expand into all kinds of professional services. So you know, there is I purposely tried not to reoffend, to to in too tightly.

Unknown Speaker  1:46:39
So

Speaker 1  1:46:41
does the next six months need to be a period? And I say six months is in your stay, however, a not immediate time frame where I get comfortable with the

Speaker 1  1:47:07
if not pushing, which sounds and not pushing, not pushing doesn't mean necessarily not doing anything. But you know, this is me trying to think from a from a Head Office perspective. You know, is that something that I need to consider, I don't know it feels scary. That's the thing that feels scariest to me, is not to push, yeah, but I don't know whether pushing for so hard has been has made me myopic.

Speaker 1  1:47:59
Do I need to seek out the person or does the person need to seek me as an example.

Matthias Miller  1:48:09
So let's do this. We're a big fan of access shifts in our worlds. I

Matthias Miller  1:48:26
You have action, in action, and you have push, and you've got flow. And I find that this space, okay, so this is deep thinking and Renaissance time. Yeah, this is, this is productive. This is not that dissimilar to Perry's work paradigm, but productive, unpredictable activity. This, I would say, is self protective. Um, activity that this is what we do when we don't feel safe. And then there is the we have to just, I don't even this. This can be, well, maybe this is, this may be where laziness comes in, or it may be forced rest. I don't know what it is. I don't have a good label for it, but the thing that the. That you're familiar enough with Megan's work that I think still resonate, but the thing that gets beaten into our heads is that there has to be a linear path, and if you're not working from a plan or linear path, then you're not working. And you doing the simple thing, if we did nothing, if you did nothing else, but you reached out to the marketing director to see if he's if you can develop a friendship and see what that might develop into, and all the better if there's some kind of interest that sparks, and you guys have these great conversations about these things. And he knows people, and you know whatever, and it opens up. Then there's a space of flow, and from there, there's more people to be, to have communications with, and all of those things. You can't put that on a plan, because you can't predict the outcome of what that's going to be. But you took a walk, you came back, or whatever, you took a break, you looked him up and like, here's this here's this thing. I think, I think I

Matthias Miller  1:51:23
I think honestly, just leaning in

Matthias Miller  1:51:32
our brains fight for safety so hard, sometimes, especially when there's change, and just giving yourself permission to do the things just because they for lack of a better term, they feel right. It's leading me somewhere, I think, staying connected to i

Matthias Miller  1:52:14
i think you're in a very precarious but in a very good position. The precarious position is that you've got something that's really not working, but is incredibly comfortable.

Matthias Miller  1:52:33
And I think the thing that I

Matthias Miller  1:53:00
I think it goes back to this. And I don't think this is a this will happen tomorrow. I think this is a the day I'm going to make a decision, one small decision, to orient my life in this way where I

Matthias Miller  1:53:23
I feel pressured to do X because of work obligations, and I'm going to choose one thing that I'm not going to do just because of obligation, and I'm either not going to do it well, I'm not going to do this. I'm going to find one thing that I'm not going to do out of obligation. There is this one. It could be as small as I'm not going to buy this bottle of wine because that's not financially responsible and I don't really need it. Or whatever this thing is. I don't know what it is, but I'm going to make a decision today, one small decision, not to live my life in fear of financial failure.

Matthias Miller  1:54:14
The I want to do more strategy like the process and journey of walking this out, I find, is often a series of micro shifts and reorientations and and giving yourself permission to do the thing that fits you so well, and plugging your ears to all of the voices and why you shouldn't be doing it.

Unknown Speaker  1:54:58
Funny thing is, from. And from what you just said, again, this is interesting. So

Speaker 1  1:55:08
if we take the two client, the litigation funding client, who it's, it's less strenuous. It's, there's less frustration I don't like to deal with, yeah, bureaucracy and all of that stuff.

Unknown Speaker  1:55:31
And then, and

Speaker 1  1:55:34
then, there was a long story, but my friend's company should have launched in March, and then the funders, at the very last minute, decided they wanted not 20% but 50% it has taken six months for them to go and sort this out. So I was intending to jettison the financial service client as soon as they landed. That was always, like, my intention, because, like, you know what, I don't need them. So this is this. This feels like more fun. But then that took a long time, so I've just been continuing, and it's been okay, and I've been kind of, you know, grateful it's helped while, you know, nursery fees and all crazy bills going out and so on. So, so I'd imagine that as soon as you know, come October time, which I think is when we'll be kind of kicking things off, then that would be the time to say thank you. It's been great. It was only weirdly, the CTO, but technically, the CEO of the sort of division, and kind of, this is a corporate client. Said, oh, yeah, we're not really making very good use of your time, but maybe you could help us in a more Ned advisory sort of position. So that's been me. That was the only time when I started thinking, Oh, maybe I don't need to say goodbye. Maybe this could be, you know, kind of, you know, more enjoyable, or something along those lines. So that's been where I've been suddenly gone. Oh, actually, you know, there's three, but then that's going to be more full time, you know, there's a, there's, there's going to be lesser than me, because I do these things. Well, I could say, No, I don't have to accept. I don't have to do anything. But doing something with, say, building brand, the firm growth, whether it's podcast and the other thing that has occurred to me as well. Well, not just occurred is carbon part may be a place for networking. It's also a place to hold an event. I don't need to play golf. I can host an event for the legal profession. I can do I can host the meetup. I can do the charity ball. I can, you know,

Matthias Miller  1:58:03
yes, yes and yes. And you can give them reason to show up, say, where you can reach out and say, I'm doing this exclusive event for the legal firm here. Would you like to attend? It's small cap. It at some some number that you know you can fill and that you're going to have a waiting list, and not everybody can get in. And then you grow, like, yes, like,

Speaker 1  1:58:25
there you go. And that is easy. There's more than enough in, yeah, there's more than enough firms just in this, you know, this area, you know, I mean, it's people like to come here. It's, it's a nice place, yes. So that's a bit, you know, further on, but for example, you know, a podcast, a brand, and, you know, a bit of kind of credibility can then naturally become, you know, a conversation starter for other things that kind of go on, which feed more me to things like live events, and the stuff that I actually, you know, probably feel more passionate about,

Matthias Miller  1:59:09
do you need the podcast to do your live event?

Unknown Speaker  1:59:17
No,

Speaker 1  1:59:18
but for now that feel that that's, that's just having conversations with people, that's just, you know, and I think that that that's, that's just a different, lot of enjoyment, like, I kind of enjoy talking about marketing, you know, I enjoy talking about those things, and it's something that just allows me to, you know, kind of lean, to lean into, you know, kind of in the future, whatever. Yeah. It's just, yeah, that was my thing. It's just more of a case of just, you know, being able just to kind of schedule, you know, interesting discussions with people, where people's are, where people's guard is down. And I can have conversations for. Something where it's not a sales conversation and there's not an agenda, is something that I think I I kind of miss. I enjoyed interviewing. Those two things are standard comedians and so on. And those are people you can bring in as well, you know, like, and it doesn't have to be marketing people, you know. It can be Barack Obama. You know, it can be whoever you know what's going to come on the show and within the industry of the other legal space, you know, again, just interviewing interesting people. You know people you know peak performance athletes, you know David Goggins. You know crazy people like that. You know, like what's just as interesting to the industry as you know, marketing people or whatever. So it's not like it has to be the marketing thing. It becomes more just 30 minutes with, you know, ex Prime Minister,

Matthias Miller  2:00:54
yes, if you can find yourself an excuse to gather even five of these, and maybe it's way more than that, but even just five of these into a room around a table for dinner here, or for whatever It is that the event actually ends up being the I think you're going to find a lot of the itches that you're trying to scratch met by that. And it wouldn't have to be a I'm going to go train you on the latest strategies. I think there's other angles that you can use that potentially would.

Matthias Miller  2:01:52
It could be as simple as if you're really willing to start, however small, say, I am looking for a handful of firm owners who and list out the core values that differentiate them from all of the stereotypes. And this, this might not be the right term, but I'm looking to turn the legal firm upside down, or I'm looking for the stand up legal firm owners who are willing to take a stand and are willing to stand for integrity and healthy culture within the industry, and I want to build a tight knit community. And if it's me and another guy, it's fine. And if it's me and 12 great, and if it's me and 100 like wonderful, we created a shift, but, but I want to create a a place where, and I don't know if how, how culture differences allow for this, but I wouldn't create this space where, if you share these values, we're going to gather around the table and we're going to support each other, because it's us against Goliath, it's us against the rest of the guys, it's us against all the people who are trying to undercut us. And if we don't stand together, we're going to get get our legs cut out from under us, and we have to stand together, because you're going to do this anyway because you have a conviction for it, and but if, if we are not standing together, and if we are not playing at the top of our game, we're going to get taken out by the brutally greedy over the top firms who will do anything to to take over the industry and grab more Share and run other people into the dirt. So, Hi, I'm Chris. I'm the leader of this tribe. Are you in? Are you not? And here's where we're going to meet. And all the all the greedy folks are going to look at that and be like, ha, ha, ha, what an idiot. And, and, but are there enough people within that sphere that you can get them all around the table, and then there's the pool that you can fish from? And you have your live events and your other part.

Unknown Speaker  2:04:17
Do you think that's I

Unknown Speaker  2:04:23
you think so that's,

Unknown Speaker  2:04:24
that's a now action in terms of, or do you think there needs to be rest time or something in between?

Matthias Miller  2:04:36
What do you think now then I

Unknown Speaker  2:04:55
I like it.

Speaker 1  2:04:59
My brain's gone into. Too scary not having organized, you know, dinners or communities or even kill that kind of messaging before. So that's probably where my head of it's like,

Matthias Miller  2:05:13
it's, it's simple. It's very simple. I think it's now. I think the thing that's holding you back at this point is I'm timid. I'm scared what's going to happen, and I have to own this thing, that I'm the guy in of integrity, in this space that doesn't have it, and I'm going to own it. And I think you need to be okay. Here it is. I

Matthias Miller  2:05:43
There are two types of planning and two types of development. This became very clear to me on a this is back in my software engineering days, on a software engineering project where we had to take, take a subsystem that was archaic and really obtuse, and we had to redefine it to something that was more structured. And there were weird behaviors that we had to research and like, it was just obnoxious, and there was no way the complexity was so intense that there was no way to say, All right, here's the top A to Z plan. The only way to do it is, where's the low hanging fruit? Take the next step. Reevaluate, where's the low hanging fruit. What's the next step? And so I would find this pattern. There's this pattern here. We clean up this pattern, and we're in this. This pattern is now over here. And then, okay, let's take, oh, there. There's this thread we can pull. And this thing is now and bit by bit by bit by bit. And as we did this, there were, there were pieces that were interwoven, but because this one was low hanging fruit, we went from having five threads mixed together to the just four. And then we found the next thread to pull and the next thread to pull. There was no way to put together a path, but the path was like, find the low hanging fruit, do the next thing, reevaluate, rinse and repeat. And I think if you're okay with letting the Stinger, it could be one guy, you and one other owner, and that is the thing for the first month, three months, it could be you and six and and they will help you figure out what this thing is actually supposed To be.

Speaker 1  2:07:38
That makes sense. Yeah. That makes sense. Okay, so the venue side of things is straightforward enough from a dinner perspective, it happens to have a really nice restaurant, so that's, you know, that's a straightforward enough venue. It doesn't have to even be an event space, as it were, so a dinner is is easy enough. You've got the broadly commutable within half hour drive locality of law firms and associated legal service providers. Doesn't necessarily have to be a law firm. It can be a legal tech firm.

Unknown Speaker  2:08:24
Yep, and I'm just

Speaker 1  2:08:29
going to go and network, reach out and find the people

Matthias Miller  2:08:34
you have, the first two members, your two clients do, or no, do they fit

Speaker 1  2:08:46
the bill? Not phone? Not so much. Well, yeah, one of them now, another one, possibly one on the one that is the one that's coming in October, yeah, very possibly, because that'll be, yeah, actually, that's interesting, because they'll be wanting to do dinners with companies and so on, so forth, anyway, so, so yeah, They're definitely a possibility.

Matthias Miller  2:09:18
Yeah, cool, awesome. I will, yes, I will. Audrey will send out recording, usually business day or two. I'll, she'll send photos of what my chicken scratch is over here. And if you want, I have, I'm happy to give you Telegram, 101, Telegram access. I've been pricing it $100 a month. I'm happy to give you first 30 days for free. After the session, that's something that you want, let me know. And we can chat back and forth on text, back and forth on Telegram, and I can send those details over. It's been absolutely fantastic. I hope you've enjoyed it. Half as much as I have. I'm excited for you and where you can go, yeah,

Speaker 1  2:10:03
and it's been a real pleasure meeting you as well. So yeah, a lot of respect for you and what you contribute to the Perry world or whatever. So yeah, today's been a real pleasure.

Matthias Miller  2:10:14
Awesome. All right, thanks, Chris. A

Unknown Speaker  2:10:18
great day. Cheers. All right. You too.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai