Speaker 1  00:30
Hey there. John from my headphones, I can hear you in my headphones blaring over here and I'm gonna go, right. Let's do this. How are you today? I'm doing good. How are you? Oh, I'm fine considering the state of the world, the nation and everything.

Unknown Speaker  00:50
No kidding. It's a bit sobering

Speaker 1  00:55
right? But I don't know how much of anything you know about me, in general. But I wrote a book a couple years ago called the screenwriters guide to tribulation. Where I kind of looked at the Abrahamic texts of Korean, the Bible, tell me what the Torah, all that stuff. kind of built the timeline based against the reformation of Israel have raised the question, like I was a screenwriter, which I am, Hollywood hired me and said, Hey, make a movie about this being the beginning of the tribulation? What would you how would you make all that line up in a movie? So those notes became a book? And every day, I have some interpretation when I open up the BBC News, because that's what I look at first, because they aren't news gets reported before ours does, because the seven hour time it just keeps moving forward. And I keep going. This is weird. It's Biblical.

Speaker 2  01:59
Yeah. That's really interesting. It's intriguing.

Speaker 1  02:07
That's and it's, you know, regardless of whether you're quote unquote a believer or not, it's the the map lines up in such a fashion that it's statistically pretty compelling that these things are happening. And were predicted on the timeline on a very specific timeline and they're happening on that timeline is pretty crazy. But let's let's be okay.

Unknown Speaker  02:40
Someone asked me if I'm coming to a meeting right now.

Unknown Speaker  03:28
Alright, let's talk about your bids. All right.

Speaker 1  03:36
I bet you got your stuff pulled up. Just so you know.

Unknown Speaker  03:54
All right.

Speaker 1  03:56
I apologize for the distractions. It's definitely important first in my life, that's like, but but we have

Matthias Miller  04:04
if we need to reschedule, I'm open to that. Right. Honestly, hips.

Unknown Speaker  04:14
That'd be alright

Unknown Speaker  04:14
with you. Yeah, it would be let's be flights.

Unknown Speaker  04:17
Do you want to reschedule for later today?

Unknown Speaker  04:21
Can we do? Yeah,

Speaker 1  04:24
I'm available after one my time and before for? Are you Central? Um, Central?

Matthias Miller  04:30
Oh, you're Central. After one before for? Let me I'll just send you an invite from sometime between one and four central is is 60 minutes to plan or was it shorter than that? 60 minutes. Yeah. Sounds good. I'll send you the invite. And I apologize. We can meet No problem. Thanks, Ron. All right. Yep,

Unknown Speaker  04:48
good.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai