Unknown Speaker  01:15
Well this is Mark. Mark

Unknown Speaker  01:22
buy us today pretty good. Yep. Kind of alongside before you decided it's

Matthias Miller  01:37
yeah, we're

Matthias Miller  01:45
we're in the process of trying to nail down the purchase of a house and moving and all the things that go with that. Selling some things and it's taken me just a little bit to get back in the in the swing of things today. It's still the same work is supposed to be slowing down more than the rest of life or not. But

Speaker 1  02:22
what? What are you? You have a purchase agreement signed? Yeah. nailed down pretty much.

Matthias Miller  02:28
Yeah, pretty much nailed down.

Unknown Speaker  02:29
And what are you buying?

Matthias Miller  02:32
It's it's a three bedroom with a basement. My brother has a business, my oldest brother Wes as a business putting in egress Windows he's got a they do I don't know how much how much you know about it. But he does precast concrete window wells, which he won't be able to do that doing it out here. But so he'll come out sometime sometime by spring. And we're going to turn one of the basement rooms into a into a bedroom. Okay, so then we'll have a it'll be a four bedroom. It's got a fairly nicely sized shop in the back garden shed. But most important around here is we got water rights. So we can actually have green grass instead of rock scape. Yeah, and it's about half an acre in in town. So enough, a little bit more room for the kids to run around. Run around. Yeah. So

Speaker 1  03:37
is that yeah. And I know a little bit about water rights. I can't I mean, I can't fully wrap my mind around it because like it's not it's not a big deal like but I understand that it's almost the water rights are almost as important as the land itself. Or maybe even more important than real estate you're buying but is that I thought usually you have to buy quite a bit more land

Matthias Miller  04:09
No, no, just very some property property. What would you know? How that how that works. And this one actually is off of a this one's a little unusual. It's not coming down off of the mountain. This is off of a well on the north side of town. Okay, so it's a little bit of a different kind of its own private water system.

Speaker 1  04:35
But it's okay. So it's not it's not your like sharing a big well with others, or is this a well it's not a property?

Matthias Miller  04:46
No, it's not a property. It's an accident know that that much details but it's sourced in the north side of town. And yes, it's shared across across people generally on Well I mean yes shared by the people in the north there was a new talent there

Speaker 1  05:05
there does it like is that also like you to get if you have a lot of snowfall one year then you get more and less just like people out in the country that would get off of like out of the reservoirs in the house

Matthias Miller  05:25
like I'm I'm actually not sure to be honest they some of them especially if they're coming in to come in depending where the water's coming from though restricted to certain days of the week. And from what I know we don't have any kind of weekday restrictions so the prior owners or friends of ours they say they said they they just they wanted to yard like they had back east they just didn't run into water like easy, though.

Speaker 1  05:58
Yeah, well that's exciting. Is it is it a fairly fairly new home

Matthias Miller  06:06
it's older it's built in the 50s it's got its it's like a there's not quite enough variation to make it a tri level but there's definitely little you know, sets of steps going from the main living area to yeah kitchens a little little lower than the the rest of the rest of the house and graduates a little below that so got get some of that old house some of those old house quirks but

Unknown Speaker  06:35
yeah, add some character

Matthias Miller  06:38
add some character

Unknown Speaker  06:41
What about your the house you have currently have you put that on the Marco right here?

Matthias Miller  06:48
We've actually just been renting that that place right there so

Unknown Speaker  06:52
Okay, so yeah, yeah

Speaker 1  06:58
that's exciting. Yeah, I think there's a difference if you rent or you own one if you own you kind of comes seems like a more passive that's not quite the right word but you like suddenly it makes sense to do while just like what you're doing animation at a bedroom in the basement or you know do renovations or stuff because there's to decide what to do with

Matthias Miller  07:31
Yeah, exactly. And there's equity that's coming out of it as well or that's comes into play

Speaker 1  07:43
is the real estate market in Colorado still real strong like there's houses are hard to find homes

Matthias Miller  07:57
I mean, we've been we've had pretty specific set of criteria for and we've been really we're looking for a larger like we're we're at I'm sure we were you're at you've got a lot a lot more bigger bigger homes but we're at there's a lot of I don't know two or three bedroom retirement homes no basement limited amount of land etc so I would I mean I haven't been there's definitely inventory moving but the type of stuff we were looking to get people where there was maybe maybe maybe looking looking at a few houses a month that remotely matched the criteria and maybe a house every other month but even thought it was worth taking a look at so that's partially just because of what we're looking at

Speaker 1  09:16
well, you have I send you a few things I'd like to go those but I came in just before noon today so I did not don't have a whole lot. Well don't really have anything prepped other than what I sent to you So

Matthias Miller  09:36
alright, so paid vacation I can take a look at sorry, I feel like I did not communicate very well. Entering a circle PTO should be working but clearly it's not. Um, I've been working with.

Speaker 1  09:54
Good okay on that historical. I think that

Speaker 1  10:03
I think Aaron was just, I think the question just came, was just asked if that's

Speaker 1  10:17
when the office has not had a chance to go in and look to see if they can enter is Mondays and Tuesdays usually pretty busy. So I think the question was just being asked, Is that ready, so so that they could enter? And am I correct that, as far as you know, they can go in and enter those historical those hours for January 1 now? Yes, that's correct. I guess the other thing that unless you have somebody Mondays and Tuesdays usually pretty, pretty busy on their site, unless you have someone that could we have a list all queued up that we could send if you have someone on your site that could go in and punch those in. And we could see if everything's working the way we expect it to work here tomorrow, but if if not, then we'll just wait for Dwayne's office. The punchline currently

Matthias Miller  11:21
mentioned the used vacation time. Yeah. Ben, is it something you want to do if I walk you through that? Yeah, I could probably take a shot at it.

Speaker 1  11:40
I'm thinking we might have a better chance that way. Well, one, we could get it done quicker and possibly and then two. If you run into any issues, you're going to be much more you'll be able to Yeah, fake Yeah, just like errands that just make it happen. Print me that list. And I'll I'll

Speaker 1  12:08
I'll be sending that just well, if so then we'll tell Wayne's office to just guard wanting to take care of it. That that fair?

Matthias Miller  12:24
Yep, I think so. And Ben, I could also have been switch over the transport. So transports need to move from being a bonus or a payroll item to being a deduction. And so Shannon's heads down on on that stuff I guess there's yeah, there's not really any reason why

Matthias Miller  12:53
why Ben wouldn't be able to do that as well.

Unknown Speaker  13:01
What what needs to happen there?

Matthias Miller  13:03
So we had

Speaker 1  13:08
Oh, I was just Aaron was just showing me the emails. Your response back to Leanne. Was that not just a an FYI, like, Hey, here's how you need to do that. Or is there more work than that? That?

Matthias Miller  13:24
Yes, we've got we've got about a couple dozen? Well, maybe more than that. Or a dozen weeks historically where it'd be nice to switch these over from payroll items to deductions just so that you can get rid of the old so that we can get rid of the old payroll items.

Speaker 1  13:47
Oh, okay. This week and moving forward that's all fine but just doing historical is is what? Yeah. Okay. I just send you those those hours. That we want to enter for the first week of Yeah, enter the week of one 123 so that our Oh

Speaker 1  14:20
total used hours show correctly. Perfect. Does that make sense?

Matthias Miller  14:28
We took a look.

Matthias Miller  14:35
Yes, it does.

Speaker 1  14:43
Okay, so I'd say Ben, once you have that completed, if you could just notify Erin and I email notifying that that's been done. And meanwhile, in the office to

Unknown Speaker  15:01
Okay

Unknown Speaker  15:15
good

Matthias Miller  15:23
okay

Speaker 1  15:23
so as you find your email the Paid Time Off changes should be live chat and you should see these numbers reflected that's why you're seeing those changes where she can go back into one one and enter those are those two changes you're referencing there?

Matthias Miller  15:39
Yes or I mean I think she she actually had entered some of these already I'm not sure exactly how many she had entered but those they weren't showing up in the in the amount used correctly and they should be now

Unknown Speaker  15:57
Oh, okay. So once once Ben is entered Alright, well then we'll take a look at those reports and make sure they're verify that they're correct

Speaker 1  16:17
or that it they're showing the correct hours and then the other note was on the total hours showing blank no have you had a chance to look at that or

Matthias Miller  16:28
Yes, I know exactly what it is. And it will not take me long to fix it back to think if you give me give me about two minutes here

Matthias Miller  16:57
so so the shutdown calculate their vacation based off 7.25 hours are based off of eight hours

Unknown Speaker  17:09
eight the office hours

Matthias Miller  17:16
so gotten that one wrong eight

Matthias Miller  17:30
continue your for date

Matthias Miller  17:38
little part again. Complete two

Unknown Speaker  17:51
cherrystone

Matthias Miller  18:01
K to run at once good to STUDENTS Good. Final structures is the one that does 7.25 Right.

Unknown Speaker  18:13
Correct. Yeah. Okay.

Matthias Miller  18:17
All right, let's run this again. Okay. So now in your example we had was

Matthias Miller  18:39
running it for final structures for 10 one. So Michigan strings have been

Unknown Speaker  18:57
so this is

Matthias Miller  19:07
Alright, so now it's showing Aaron Hostetler with 217 30.

Unknown Speaker  19:12
That doesn't make so that the remaining shows zero

Matthias Miller  19:16
Correct? Yes. Perfect.

Speaker 1  19:22
So with with those changes, and then once Ben has entered the historical hours then believe we should be all set.

Matthias Miller  19:33
Okay, good. Right, so Okay, so then there's that system. And I think this gets us really close then, too. I plan to talk to Josh this afternoon about gussto integration. I think it's close enough he can add the settings for the payroll accounting impact and then probably what we'll do, what I'm going to propose to him I think is that we'll have a separate process to issue ACH payments for payroll that's not tied to vendor invoices. I don't see a need for that. And and yeah, so that part's in his court. And so we will then be I've got extra time I'm going to be working on the deposit process and the Cheque Printing process but I think there's a lot of stuff that if we can nail down business process and Wednesday there's a lot of stuff that that would unlock for me to keep working on.

Unknown Speaker  20:52
Business processes on the deposit side for the paint like the payment Okay. I should have that if I haven't, yeah, hopefully I can send it for then but

Speaker 1  21:17
one other you'd asked about removing the owner payroll section on the owner verification report. My think is that the section the section eight marked up

Matthias Miller  21:30
that is a section

Unknown Speaker  21:38
what else are we so okay. But me payroll. You talk to Josh, you believe that that pretty much pick up all of the development wired for payroll module, right.

Matthias Miller  22:10
Yeah, I think I think I've got most of my stuff cleaned up. I think it's in the place that Josh can take a look at gussto from here or 90% 95% to the place that might be a few pieces here and there that I need to help them out with Yeah.

Speaker 1  22:31
Okay, well then I've there's there's a number of processes that are things that we need to do on our site business processes, things that do need to set up, I started writing this out kind of to just try and get more visibility to everyone off like, only shows, what's the end goal? Are we currently and then what are steps that need to happen both software development and business processes? So wrap up here early, I might be able to actually put that together and send it to you. I want you to take a look at it. And just Yes, this looks correct or Oh, you missed two important points here. And I'm looking at right

Matthias Miller  23:27
sounds good. Yeah. Good.

Unknown Speaker  23:33
Anything. Anything else?

Matthias Miller  23:36
Nope. I think it does it.

Unknown Speaker  23:40
Okay, that sounds

Matthias Miller  23:41
good. Awesome. Thanks, guys. Good way


Transcribed by https://otter.ai