Unknown Speaker  00:48
Sir sir

Unknown Speaker  00:55
I suppose I should be

Speaker 1  01:05
curious if you had a chance to look at stripe payout stuff actually I don't even know if I wanted to suggest that

Unknown Speaker  01:19
given how broken Assist is right now the update toasted a whole bunch of things relatively wildly

Matthias Miller  01:35
anything to contribute to the mess

Speaker 1  01:40
no, I think it's all platform stuff we let's see who we broke old parts. Randy broke scheduled tasks. We broke parts in a different way that didn't take an update live and see if that fixes things or if we still have trouble in the real time server. So it's ministry

Matthias Miller  02:12
Well, you said Life on the Edge

Speaker 1  02:17
of the edge thing like with the scheduled tasks they have been caught maybe I I'm really not convinced that a lot of these things would have been caught before cut. I think some of them would have but like Randy's thing. In theory, it should have been caught. But in practice, he quoted it like a month ago. And we've broke one we first we broke running scheduled tasks, period that got fixed relatively quickly external projects caught that one too. But then this when you need to send an error email and I think we just don't have stuff running in dev that actually runs stuff.

Unknown Speaker  03:08
So Wow.

Unknown Speaker  03:10
So So was it sloppiness on his part?

Unknown Speaker  03:15
I don't know. You can look at the diff. i My My analysis is that

Speaker 1  03:26
Randy's capacity to understand things keeps going down. And we keep giving a relatively simple stuff but anything that's not almost copy, copy paste. It just is dangerous.

Unknown Speaker  03:39
Should we just retire him at the end of the year?

Unknown Speaker  03:42
Yes. I mean, in my opinion. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  03:46
well we can move more of that prayer slot it's fine. The okay

Speaker 1  03:56
do we have to give him a severance of one week for every year that he's worked for us two years but really work for us

Unknown Speaker  04:13
you don't want to

Unknown Speaker  04:14
I mean that doesn't mean we're taking our crash reports

Unknown Speaker  04:20
that sounds like a you problem

Unknown Speaker  04:25
probably a problem that's really sad.

Speaker 1  04:30
I will say we we end up with all web exceptions and most stuff that Randy can blame on us. So I'm not sure that our workload is gonna go up that much well,

Speaker 2  04:48
is the right thing to do is just I keep loading up Joel heavy and heavy because I keep getting loaded up heavier and heavier so well, I have sympathy, sympathy If I don't know what to do, Matthias loves automation and stuff, he might figure out how to make crash reports completely go away. I've actually done a lot of work on the automation side of crash reports. So

Matthias Miller  05:15
you guys can shoot me for this private GPT anybody?

Speaker 1  05:20
I thought what you're gonna say is Matthias was looking for really meaningful work, like tracking down crashes every day.

Matthias Miller  05:29
They're gonna invoke meaning with we're going to start hooking into the webcam and taking pictures of it of crashes of the client crashes occur, and we're gonna really build of a meaningful, purposeful, you know, roll around this.

Speaker 2  05:45
Yeah. But oh, by the way, did you before we jump into accounting? Did you all see the spreadsheet I sent you all for external projects. So two interesting pieces. This was on Friday or whatever. Two interesting pieces, one of them's a little bit. For since 2018, zfp, Insight has been about a third of our revenue until the last two years where it's been over 50%. Which is mostly they've grown not that other stuff has grown. Now, I don't mind an anchor client at a third of our revenue, having an anchor client at over 50% of revenue. Although it's more, it's 50. It's not 50% of code crafters, it's 50%. I mean, it's, you know, 90% for you all or whatever. 70 to 90. So code crafters is not as is more diversified, anyway. But the other thing is the we're having a best year ever on just normal solution stuff, like counting them. Pretty dramatic. I mean, pretty substantially, so.

Speaker 1  06:59
So. So. So it's EBS and Sindbis. What are what are the chances we can get both of those out and deployed by the end of the year?

Speaker 2  07:12
they'll both be deployed by the end of the year. Yeah, fantastic. I'm thinking because also 15k, maybe some more than that. And, anyway, yeah. With us, sometimes you and I are going to have to have real. I'm going to Joel and I had a Profit Loss analysis on last Friday afternoon. And it was a come to Jesus moment, again, like we do every year. So. Anyway, so some time I wanted to brainstorm with you, I did a whiteboard of about 13 things we could do to change profitability on solutions, but let me just say I have been a rich uncle to that poor thing for a long time.

Matthias Miller  07:57
It'll stop being rich uncle's No, I do think about done with it, too. So

Speaker 2  08:03
I know. I've got ideas. I've got a whole bunch of ideas. But but but this this spreadsheet is encouraging. I mean, we're we're headed the right direction here.

Speaker 1  08:13
So how does how does Triple D keep spending money every year? Do they want new stuff?

Speaker 2  08:23
They're paying for premium subscription base, keep doing some new things. And then there's some maintenance in there as well. Yeah, no, we think it's one minute. Isn't there a great client? And faith builders is phenomenal look at their second biggest client?

Speaker 1  08:45
Don't they have a bunch of stuff teed up for next year? I feel like they were or do we do just tell them no on stuff?

Speaker 2  08:52
They will we gave our proposal for a $50,000 system for Board education that needs to go to their board to figure out if they want to invest in it or not. So November, we just got an email on that. So if that happens, that would probably be next year 50k. For them. There is likely more ongoing scholarship stuff. I mean, they are running. They're running. They're grossing about half a million in scholarship revenue through our software stuff. And they've got a lot of overhead, they've got two people plus what we cost, but still, it's hundreds of 1000s of dollars of bringing in with that program. Makes sense? Anyway. It's like we're, I mean, the basic The short answer is that I think I like more and more towards time and materials for stuff but also you just have to run a really tight management thing. Like, I mean, you just gotta stay on top. I mean, you can't close your eyes ever for anything, because it's time is where you lose your money. So, if you don't lose money, the client loses money. So if you build a client without managing your time that they lose money. So yeah. It does make me wonder what does this mean for investor tools? I think the short answer in some ways it's masked because investor tools are such a product company. But if it's this easy for us to lose money in nonsense ways, you know, investor tools is doing it with zeros on the end.

Speaker 1  10:59
I think that's right. I mean, I think we could tell where it's going. I don't think we need to have run report to know that but it is. Sort of amusing. I mean, I kind of suspect a lot of software firms are like this, you have a few people that either too few teams, or a few clients or whatever that pay the bills, and you end up just being able to put up with a bunch of

Speaker 2  11:27
I think that's right. I mean, I suspect if we would start putting if we will start doing putting dollar amounts product changes, we might change how we do product changes, but I don't know.

Speaker 2  11:43
Not all teams. I mean, if you run a really tight ship. And anyway, it's I don't know how anyway, we should get to work. It's just but it's fascinating stuff. Josh, you and I can talk sometime last month is really cares.

Matthias Miller  12:02
Well, we got some stuff to get through here. Let's go for it.

Matthias Miller  12:11
So after the conversation last week, does look like we're switching to gussto variety reasons, integration with QuickBooks is pretty painful. Pricing is manageable with gusto. Josh, I'm pretty close to having a product change or right up queued up for you, I know if you would be open to doing that integration. But if so that could alleviate. A good bit of stuff, basically, we'll be pushing over to you. There's some mapping you to map it across, you'll have one gussto company per district, you need to sync employees somehow link of employees to guest to employees, and then push every company will will update their hourly rate on a weekly basis. And then assigned number of hours plus additional payroll items and deductions. And then we need to give them a chance to review make sure it looks sane, and then you hit submit and the whiskey processes payroll, and then calculates taxes and pushes it back on the timecard. And then once we've got that back on the timecard, we need to be able to create an accounting impact report that pushes the stuff into accounting based on well, we need to schedule the ACH is for the upcoming Friday. We need to record a transaction for the taxes that get debited on Wednesday.

Unknown Speaker  13:40
So gusto is just math. Is that right?

Matthias Miller  13:44
Math and then filing and reporting?

Speaker 1  13:50
Okay, so we it's not? Okay, so it's not just math, it's give us the number? Well, it's who we say do it, it's gonna do a bunch of stuff. And then we pulled that out, seeing what they did. I think it's not given this abstract thing, what would your answer be? It's Please do this for this employee. Now that it's done. Tell us what you did?

Matthias Miller  14:13
Yeah, well, I mean, we can ask it what it's going to do, that's fine. But ultimately, it's it is saying, Tell us what you did. And then tell us how much taxes you took out of our account to do that. And so they basically hold taxes in. They basically hold taxes between the time that we run payroll and the actual tax liabilities or do so. And then magically behind the scenes they're gonna file all kinds of reports and forms and payment paid pay the government and all that stuff to make us make so we don't have to think about it ever again.

Unknown Speaker  14:48
Do we do they? Do we get any compensation for the fact that they're sitting on our cash for three months?

Matthias Miller  14:57
Is that just that's baked into The business model. That's

Speaker 1  15:05
fantastic. And when you say see if this looks insane, is that an invest report? Or is that a gusto thing?

Matthias Miller  15:12
I think basically wanted to do is, well, I'm not sure what we want to do, but I think probably what we probably the ideal is saying, Okay, you told me to you queue up payroll, and then the whiskey spits back and says, I'm gonna pay probably something like, here's the employee, here's their gross here's their net, and then have a row every everybody that we're getting ready to pay and then have a total of the gross and a total the net. And say, Dear accountant, is this what you would expect to see yes or no. And they hit yes. And they it finalizes the payroll. But it's it would be on the whiskey side to make sure it something didn't get lost in translation between invest gusto kind of a stopgap. I, I think it's pretty important to have that. But hey, if it's if you'd rather ask for forgiveness, and it's kind of obnoxious asking for money back from employees if you've ever paid them.

Speaker 1  16:14
Some come work in coming to work on Saturday. I think so. Okay. So it'd be it'd be a whiskey cockpit of some sort, or other?

Matthias Miller  16:29
And you'd have to have there's some validations, you have to have, like, everybody in the district? Well, sorry, is it district as a builder, no district. Everybody in the district would have to be verified, before you can run it, you'd run it on a per district basis.

Speaker 1  16:48
So you run it for Indiana, or for say, Ohio, and you get three different companies there with all their employees? And actually, it's probably six different companies or something.

Matthias Miller  17:00
Does each company have a separate EIN? I have no idea. I mean, they have one, they have one bank account, per district, and one accounting company per district. So I'm gonna assume it's one gussto account, per district.

Unknown Speaker  17:15
It sounds right.

Matthias Miller  17:18
I mean, for the master shops, at least in the for the sub shops, those are written separately is your sub, sub shop, here's your 8% Check or whatever they get. Okay.

Speaker 1  17:33
Okay. I'm gonna answer your question, I saw your email about looked at Super much, I can take a look at it.

Matthias Miller  17:49
So I ended up doing a bunch of rework on payroll stuff last week to fix some more outstanding payroll module stuff, as well as some outstanding and also pave the way for this because we can't.

Speaker 2  18:05
Yeah, anyway, are they using payroll yet or not? Vinyl structures is

Matthias Miller  18:09
going live today. So I'm not sure but we're in the end of that. But they're starting to roll it out. And we killed off monthly pay periods, which is a nice piece of complexity off the table. So good.

Unknown Speaker  18:32
So is this whole project worth a quarter million to them? Yeah, no, all of accounting. I mean, isn't that about what they're going to spend on this? Or more? Not counting their time.

Speaker 1  18:55
So one, I would guess, they've been trying to attack profitability. Okay, two different ways ever since we started first it was let's do build. This is the thing is, this doesn't even get them where they need to go. This gets them part of the way, but it's on that whole thing. I think my analysis is that they have the same problem that investor tools does, they can pay the bills and they're swimming in money. And so they know they're, there's they're leaking stuff somewhere and they don't know where. So they've tried tracking firstly started with, well, let's look at, like, overall performance per company. And then that wasn't quite good enough. And so they said, Well, let's start calculating per building. And that that got abandoned and they got distracted with other things. I don't know if it's because they fundamentally thought it couldn't work. Or they'd got distracted and now I think accounting is like, well, this at least on a company level, lets us know whether we're going to go bankrupt or not. And then sure, that we can do per building later but but there is this sense of it's a high margin business. So everyone knows to get away from can get away with. With sloppiness everyone in the industry is sloppy. And they have this gleam in the eye that if they can, if they can figure out how to not be sloppy, they can make a killing.

Matthias Miller  20:15
Sure. Well, it's not just that but I'm in 2020 wave just made the whole sloppiness thing worse. Sure, as competition increases, the people who are able to make money and not be sloppy are gradually going to eat away market share from all the people who are doing stuff slosh around. I mean, just Case in point of the industry, I have a friend of mine who, who running a small company shed company in decided he wants to go build a shop. And he's got production capacity to almost double his business. But rather than fix his sales and marketing problem, he went to build a shop. I'm just like, anyway, you did that? Because why? So there's a lot of that that happens in the industry?

Speaker 2  21:11
Well, the short answer is there's no other I mean, what they're getting, they couldn't get any other way than this. It's just to kind of anyway, they'll never want to move away from us either.

Matthias Miller  21:25
The it's also been interesting to me that somewhere along the line early on in the process, I got on a phone call with Jonathan Oelrich and got grilled by about up one side down the other dozen different ways and trying to figure out if I know what I'm talking about. And he politely, maybe mildly condescendingly or like mildly nuts, not kind of thing like skeptically, basically said, he doesn't really think that I mean, he's never seen anybody been successful at what we're doing about trying to do so. Wow. Wow. So, anyway, here's the first. Yeah, somebody's gonna be. Okay, so where are we at? Okay, so

Speaker 1  22:20
do you have a feel for where they're testing stuff? Is that the last two or three? Wednesday morning meetings? Mark is kind of up early, which he's never done in the last three years. So I assume he's stressed about testing or something. Do you know how it's going?

Matthias Miller  22:37
I know very little well, I feel like I should know more about what how it's going. I feel like balls in their court on it. But FTI numbers tight out. They're happy with that. But we can't even get started on AP right now. Or sorry AR right now. Because their deposit processes was wildly broken. And they needed to figure that stuff out. And basically, we said Mark, if you don't get business process stuff to me by Wednesday, like we're selling off as we're selling the entire project, like we need, we need to figure out how some of this stuff works. So but as far as testing, I don't. Jews been working on it, but I don't know how far he's actually actually is.

Matthias Miller  23:28
It is worth considering whether well

Matthias Miller  23:37
we do need to change reconciliation process. And I'm not sure how we're gonna get that done if Joel is going to get that done through. I mean, the current reconciliation process, we've kind of Heidi did it without complaining. And then Amber just kind of took it on. But it really is a pretty painful process. Be nice to have that fixed for them. But

Unknown Speaker  24:02
do you have an idea what it would take to fix it?

Matthias Miller  24:06
It will never be perfect because we don't have live updating totals in editable reports. But

Matthias Miller  24:20
we do this

Matthias Miller  24:26
I mean, my basic proposal, I think basic proposal proposals pretty simple. It's a matter of miscellaneous changes. That's probably a day or so of coding. You're coding from your team as long as Joel approves. Sure. Well, I

Unknown Speaker  24:45
think we can do something. I'm sure we can.

Speaker 2  24:58
Now the one thing you can do So if this is helpful or not, now, it's not though you can't have Is there anything in sub paints that are going to help you?

Matthias Miller  25:10
Like if you would save every every time and have the sub pain recalculate? Yeah.

Speaker 2  25:21
Or, this is really awful. I guess there's no way that we can have a macro that actually evaluates, I mean, probably not. So that on the Edit, then you would actually just do your math. And now I

Matthias Miller  25:42
have that temporary expression used for validation, if you want to expand that a little bit till the editor reports to reference that when they're evaluating macros,

Speaker 1  25:51
but don't you have to reference multiple? Like, unless it's instant save? You need to have it reference multiple rows?

Speaker 2  25:59
Well, I was assuming advanced and safe or I don't know. But even on instant Save, then the other rows aren't going to update. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  26:11
Do you think a subpoena is a reasonable option?

Matthias Miller  26:21
Yeah, I think it's fair.

Matthias Miller  26:43
So stripe refunds, Josh, you don't really want to I mean, it looks to me like there's still some issues. Is it worth me taking another look at the payout diagnostics and see if, if I can wrap my head around these discrepancies?

Speaker 1  26:58
Possibly everything. All the ones that you sent me, were resolved by my changes, I think I mean, the basic story is that we weren't. Each payout included charges and refunds. And we weren't bringing the refunds in and so totals didn't line up. So what's the sort of bringing refunds in then it all tied out? But like, you don't get fees? refunded when you refund money? Does that makes sense? Got it. So if you if you make a $16,000 charge, and then refund it, you're still gonna pay $480? In fees? Sorry? Yep.

Matthias Miller  27:38
Okay, and how far back are refunds added to?

Speaker 1  27:43
A how far back? They let you that were listing? I don't know, I have to go back and check.

Matthias Miller  27:49
Are you but like, for example, this one's not linked up to a sales order. But it's like, I mean, did you add automatic rows or automatic rows just happening going forward?

Speaker 1  27:59
Did I add automatic rows, the sales are linking is a back row. So it would be it would be updated. Sometimes they

Speaker 1  28:19
I can look at I feel like they were they were doing some charges from the stripe console. So some stuff just wasn't I couldn't find anywhere like the transaction IDs weren't tying out.

Matthias Miller  28:32
So we we might want to so all right. Bottom line, you fixed with, you know to fix. I need to take a look at look at this now and figure out what there is to what's going on from from here. And I don't know. I mean, like, here's a weird one. We've got a refund of 4648 with a $16,000 payment ID.

Speaker 1  29:07
Yet, this is the one this is a specific one you sent me. Maybe maybe the updated stuff has not yet run. This was a they charged $16,000 They refunded it, and they still get you still have to pay the stripe fee. So once my stuff was done, you should see a negative $16,000 thing in here. Yeah, it's gotta be because the transaction ID is getting filled in now. That was a new field and second thought and so I think the import process just hasn't run yet.

Matthias Miller  29:34
Do you know when it's going to run?

Speaker 1  29:36
That'd be when the entire system stops being hosed. I don't know. We'll figure out where to go from there. I mean, it's basically non functional at this point. They've been very patient with us.

Matthias Miller  29:50
Thanks Josh. We're gonna talk about how to handle payments for multiple sales orders. Pre dominantly for wholesale buildings, but currently payments are tied to the sales order.

Speaker 1  30:10
So this is something like if they're running charges based on a credit card charge,

Matthias Miller  30:18
usually a credit card charge. I don't know if it's an ACH or if it's a it's probably an ACH if they're talking wholesale. But like, we

Speaker 1  30:30
don't have any way of tracking payments that are made outside of assist right now, do we?

Matthias Miller  30:39
You can add stuff to the payments or G but no. So let's start SDI buildings. SDI pays for all their buildings in the past week. That comes in as a single payment, it should hit accounting as a single payment, but there's two dozen sales orders or whatever it is for the SDI building for the week.

Unknown Speaker  31:03
So is it important? I think about this, do you need a record on the sales order? I guess that it's marked as paid? Does the payments or G on the sales order affect accounting? Inherently

Matthias Miller  31:22
controls things like how much is receivable still? We stripe payouts get linked out to me strike. It's great great to get linked up to stripe payouts but for checks and other things like that that will ultimately be replicated.

Speaker 1  31:39
But like does it if I add a row to the payments, or do does that generate an accounting transaction? Yeah. Okay. records because it's different. Do we want to have a separate external transfer concept that acts closer to a straight payout kind of thing?

Unknown Speaker  32:23
Maybe anything like that?

Matthias Miller  32:28
And would it just be kind of like straight payouts but different?

Speaker 1  32:40
Probably, I mean, we could, we can do put in the same level and rename everything. Have a different kind of record types. But you like it would be lovely if the stripe tie out process could be ignorant of everything not stripe related.

Speaker 1  33:00
It's also a little bit different than I feel like that stripe stripe is I rent the credit card, I ran the charge. But he's mine. I just haven't gotten it yet. And then suddenly it becomes mine. Whereas this is the payment happened it just happened to tie out to multiple sales orders. I mean, you could you could

Matthias Miller  33:23
jury rigged this with your with a payment ID where. And when validation. It's kind of obnoxious to code and obnoxious support. But where if you've got every, every, you know, I don't know, if you require the payment, ID to be globally unique across all dates or whether you just tie it out by date and invalidated the dates match for the same payment ID but you create multiple rows on the payments or G and then link those out to a single accounting transaction.

Speaker 1  34:06
It's Oh, you make up a random payment ID and you when you're I mean, did you have a way of doing that on your site? I was thinking that the accounting transactions are generated off of the sales order, like look at each sales order in

Matthias Miller  34:26
individually, you would have to have another type of accounting event and its event ID would have to be the payment ID. And you'd have to have a separate accounting impact report that doesn't include that's only for payments. But yes, it would be possible

Speaker 1  34:55
do you I kind of feel like I mean, I would argue either one of two ways. Either you build it, you figure out you want to do it, or I build what I want to do and do it. I don't know that I have the empathy is it's not quite as it's definitely not a see it's a large, the waters about up to my waist of apathy.

Matthias Miller  35:23
So don't lose your footing please. At least not for too long. The

Matthias Miller  35:39
well, okay, what are we gonna get based on? Who does it? Do we want the pragmatic? Get it done? It'll work and somebody else somebody will support it, as in Josh will do it? Or do we want the the ideal solution that'll work long term. And that's going to be each of our respective natural tendencies. So I don't care.

Speaker 1  36:05
I mean, I would argue that you're already working on the sales order stuff. And so there ought to be there, it ought to be in your court. But if you're overloaded, it's gonna go late, I can take it over, but I would feel like I am holding your lawn. Right, or the right analogy. So

Speaker 2  36:28
not only are you are you mowing his lawn, but you're not planning to trim when you're done? So.

Unknown Speaker  36:36
I would first start with the analogy now, if you don't.

Matthias Miller  36:43
Okay. I'll just, I mean, from your standpoint, the unique payment ID if I can find a way to generate that? I mean, do we have a good way with? If I say? Do I have a good way with an X 30? I guess if the x 30 runs within a single transaction or a single single transaction? We could enforce that number is an auto incrementing number or X 32nd increments this system switches as well, I guess.

Unknown Speaker  37:21
I mean, my suggestion would be just generate a Gu ID.

Unknown Speaker  37:31
But you can do the way I don't care.

Matthias Miller  37:35
And would you rename a stripe payment ID to just external validity or do you want a separate?

Speaker 1  37:54
Let me think. So. I mean, I don't care, my instinct would be that it works differently than the stripe payment ID. So it'd be a separate field as in the stripe payment ID, you still generate a a, you still work on this transaction, whereas the external payments, it, you don't look at it in the context of this record, and you look at it at a global level. That makes sense. So I would argue that should be separate fields to to communicate that but

Matthias Miller  38:30
it's not linked out to the same. There's really no reason to actually have a separate record, though, to tie these all together. Unless we want to, well, it could actually be nice to have a separate record that has a UID that lets us with what we expect the total amount to be so that we can detect and what we expect the date to be so that we can detect when things go sideways. I like that.

Speaker 1  38:53
I mean if it were me I would have a separate record like the straight out stripe payout thing and then I would have an n x 30 to go distribute that back on the sales orders. So you have an orgy of all sales orders and the amounts here and then you distribute it back and so the sales order becomes effectively Read Only I mean you can touch it but it's gonna get stomped on again tomorrow

Speaker 1  39:25
so I didn't mow your lawn by at least torchy, I start the lawn mower

Matthias Miller  39:32
Estonia new sparkplug will ask you where to get that

Matthias Miller  39:41
we are process a our receive okay. So payroll accounting impact then. I don't know how Josh how far you want to take this stuff. I think a lot of the fields for gussto Maybe sometimes we need to get our heads together and I'll walk you through what I'm envisioning with gusto. Um, but I think that accounting stuff can mostly be in your court, but happy to help you figure out stuff that you need if, if that would be beneficial.

Speaker 1  40:10
Sounds fair. Do you? So what I understood from your email is you have finished thoughts. Are you planning to finish the thoughts? And then send something out? Or are you planning to leave it where it is now? And let me take the rest of the thoughts.

Matthias Miller  40:32
I think between the time we talked and now I think it's much closer to finish thoughts.

Speaker 1  40:44
Do you? Like do you have? Do we have gussto accounts, API keys? In fact, got it ready to go sign up for accounts?

Matthias Miller  40:53
You can? Let me get you a. We're going to run this in a demo system. Thank you very much. Because we don't want to be paying the government for payroll that we didn't run. And I think I can let me yeah, there we go. Josh is not an employee.

Unknown Speaker  41:20
So I'm your sidekick, huh?

Matthias Miller  41:23
Yep. Fantastic. I had been that's what you get for the lawnmower. But jokes. Oh, personal note.

Speaker 2  41:32
And thanks a lot. I'd like to have you see sent you should say yeah, very nice. Thank you. Perfect.

Matthias Miller  41:46
Okay,

Unknown Speaker  41:48
we won't ask if your lawn mowers electric or not.

Matthias Miller  41:54
I hope it's robotic. So he has not added any team. Oh, we oh, oh.

Speaker 1  42:04
Oh, sure. He added these did yeah. I don't think so. Character guard. I'd be surprised.

Matthias Miller  42:14
Team. That's hilarious. Somebody had fun. Six. So I don't know exactly how I guess we could we could automate the employee creation process, I don't think we need to, um, if it makes it easier for testing for you for some reason. And you're like, hey, let's just go create these things. My thought is we've got a record that matches gussto Gu IDs, and employee names that we can. That's a lookup record that we can then sync use to tie out contact records to these guys.

Speaker 1  42:58
I will need I will at least need a crash course on payroll. My the extent of my knowledge of payroll is that it exists literally. And then it's very complicated and stuff doesn't like it.

Speaker 2  43:11
It just you just asked me a Thursday night is that did they ever start using that stuff?

Matthias Miller  43:17
So I mean, payroll in general or payroll module.

Unknown Speaker  43:21
Like whatever I need to know to do this stuff.

Matthias Miller  43:24
Okay, here's what you need to know. If you go to the employee verification, payroll verification is really what you need to know. That's going to show you a lot of the information. Let that crank. I mean, ultimately, what you're looking to replicate is here, we want to run payroll. And so we're going to start now. And imagine that this has said time, here's a salaried person, here's somebody with ours. And we're gonna say they worked 38 hours and they had a well, let's say they had 4040 hours and they had five hours 5.2 hours of overtime, and they had a production bonus their total bonuses were $1,500 and then we had a deduction, a transport deduction, which is the only type of deduction we have right now. Transport deduction of $32 to be withheld. And so basically enter all the information where does the information come from? It comes from here and the other thing you have to do on a weekly basis is for dear Isaiah. Your compensation effective for a specific pay period for the current pay period is actually 4360 Three

Matthias Miller  45:06
so that's your compensation as of now. So we have to go apply that compensation because it changes from week to week, your your hours matters. So 2506 You don't have any overtime hours, no paid vacation. And if you are to find a transport guy. So here's somebody Daniel Troyer, when you pay him, this is the transport deduction. Ultimately, your gross payroll should come out to? Well, it's a little nuanced. But basically, anything that's accounted for here should be should be reflected in the, in the payroll when you're doing that. And most of this information is right here. I think there might also be a

Speaker 1  45:54
So did that take a long time to run because you're actually calculating that stuff on the fly or because RTF exports are slow.

Matthias Miller  46:01
It's because we're calculating at least some of that stuff on the fly. Okay.

Matthias Miller  46:11
Review, company payroll, there's also this guy, which I think might accompany payroll verification overview, which might actually give you just this the same thing, but give you what you need. Five years later. And you can see the, this does not, it does. So.

Matthias Miller  46:44
Okay, so here's the total hours, here's the hourly rate, or the weekly salary. Here's the pay that they get on this, here's how many pay vacation paid holidays, which actually have a separate rate, I believe. Here are the payroll additions, the bonuses and commissions, which in gussto, are split apart. separately. So they have commissions, it's, you would put it in here and the bonus would be up here.

Matthias Miller  47:20
Deductions, which is going to be a negative amount, but like negative $20, etc.

Speaker 1  47:28
So I should reverse engineer one of these reports to figure out where you're getting the numbers and try to redo those calculations. I mean,

Matthias Miller  47:36
factually, unless you've been like me to, I can spec it out further, that'd be beneficial to you.

Speaker 1  47:47
I don't know what to I feel like you're more of a bottleneck, but I'm afraid I'm going to miss stuff. I can I can take a look.

Matthias Miller  47:55
Online. I could probably also write a report. That is like a standard service report, standard service gussto That takes a district prompt and gives you what you need fields.

Speaker 1  48:12
That's a good idea, are confident that I mean, that's what I'm going to be doing if you don't write another.

Speaker 2  48:18
Well. Now, the other thing is that I mean, Josh, if you do it first, then Matthias can go through and say, Ah, you missed that.

Matthias Miller  48:26
So sure, either way, but I mean, I don't think it's a lot of work for me to do it. I mean, yes, it's bottleneck, but I'm kind of used to being one. At this point. I'm not sure what to do about it. Check printing us anyway, and then and then we're getting into stuff down here. had a conversation with Mark. I don't know if you've got that. Do you have that outline that he sent over with the whole overall outline of

Speaker 3  49:03
the is that what he was working on today? Are you talking about some earlier?

Matthias Miller  49:07
No something earlier like last Wednesday or something? I look? Yes, I think actually I have it here. This is what this is what he views as the project plan. So cash management bank reconciliation, which for Joel did this for me discuss with Joel Drew is going to get access to bank accounts and credit cards to do bank reconciliation. We need to handle receivables which includes some business processes with Duane collections management which which we need to figure out again business process how does RTO how do how do financing payments work etc. receivables and balance sheet is working. Invoicing I think is mostly done. Sales order template or manually created sales orders mark is working on that. account for Billings. This one this is all taken care of, I believe inventory management raw materials I think he's mark is working with. With Larry on this FTI on balance sheet. I think it's Myron and issues with big file audit and stuff like that, but I'm not sure yet. I think that's an marks coordinate Chase, if there is anything, fixed asset management, they need to put together a list of current assets and configure it and there might bounce back on us or things that need to be taken care of. You he'd be processed. That's, I think, mostly in their court. I'm not sure what's missing payrolls mostly in their courts, not sure what's missing. And

Matthias Miller  50:56
payroll management working on integrating guaranteed payments for rental structures, I'm not sure what all that's about, that's going to be fun. I think it might be an automatic bonus that gets added. Financial Statements are underway. So this is the white so gotta have

Speaker 2  51:15
so terrifying in the amount of work on their side. The the looks like the very one thing that we should be doing though, is getting the bank reconciliation figured out and coded ASAP.

Matthias Miller  51:30
I think it would be useful to actually have it before cashflows if it doesn't disrupt Joel's workflow too much.

Unknown Speaker  51:35
We can do that. So when control talk to you all helping you.

Matthias Miller  51:43
I've got about eight minutes. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  51:49
Jonathan, pull up the job again or in the notes who had

Unknown Speaker  51:55
Okay. All right, I have some responses.

Unknown Speaker  52:03
Okay, so

Speaker 3  52:05
what are we looking at with Fleur debits, clerk credits and calendar? Both? are? Are we only interested in totals in that case?

Matthias Miller  52:17
Yeah, it is totals. So basically what we're gonna see if there's an issue on this. Thanks, David. I'm gonna see oh, we had 32 deposits at you know, at $4,913.72. Versus we had 613. Debits or you know, whatever it is being able to tie out.

Unknown Speaker  52:43
Yeah, go troubleshoot differences. Sure. That sounds fair. That idea of instant save is an interesting one. Sure, actually, that would. So we would not actually have clerk columns, but just rows and a pain for the values the list there.

Unknown Speaker  53:18
Yeah, I like it.

Unknown Speaker  53:29
Cool, yeah. I don't think this should take too much. Actually. Several hours an hour. Sorry,

Unknown Speaker  53:40
will you do it? Are you planning to hand it off?

Speaker 3  53:45
I should hand it off. But even there, I don't think it should exceed several hours.

Matthias Miller  53:55
Is that the kind of thing that we can tell them that they can expect? Like is it something that can get done this week? Is it next week?

Speaker 3  54:03
Are we still in Monday? Yes, we are. I don't know the day of the week these days. But yes, I think we should be able to do at this point.

Unknown Speaker  54:17
Your worst case scenario joke uncoated Friday.

Matthias Miller  54:23
I will tell Mark that we're aiming for this week and we await an update on Saturday if we can.

Matthias Miller  54:42
Anything else we should be taking a look at NARA fan thank you guys. Sounds good. Yep. Thank you all Hi


Transcribed by https://otter.ai