Speaker 1  00:00
No don't sit down yet. In honor of our fine young ladies that have sat up front here I'm going to kindly request anyone that can would you fill the rest of the benches up here? Just come on up we have a smaller group this morning if you're in the wing you're welcome to come we have a baby dedications morning we have some stuff I want we're a small enough group we can feel like family right? So come on, sit tight. You can say hello to the person beside you as you're coming up if you have little children that's okay. We will I promise I will let him distract distract from the message this morning. But it feels just feels really empty when we got these vacant holes so there's still the front bench on both sides. anybody dare here's the thing guys, we asked our youth to do this every Sunday. Come on. Who's Who's big enough to come sit on the front row? There you go. Chris. John, lead out like the elders of the church should with us. That's who's going to follow these guys. I'll let them feel lonely up here. This is that's good. See, there's some socializing happening already. Lauren's coming up. There you go. We'll we'll even have the visitors join us up here. That's Oh, he was gonna slide in quick on that. That's okay. That's, that's uh, that is. That's good. All right. Thank you guys. You may be seated. I appreciate that I want to share with you before I start. And I don't know if God just wants me to humble me, I had to gather my thoughts before I came up here again this morning. Lauren lead the song when all of God's singers get home. So I'll just share a story with you. My heart is heavy this morning. I don't know if some of you heard of the plane that crashed in West Virginia this past week just a couple days ago. was a friend of mine from my youth group days in Pennsylvania, and he was taking two young men they were at fresh start in Indiana some you know the ministry fresh start in Indiana for young men there there was a counselor and a young man that was going there as a client at Fresh Start they were coming home

Unknown Speaker  02:14
and got caught in a storm the thing that i Excuse me as I got humbles me it seems like every time the last song when I want to come up and preach God stirs my heart my emotion somewhat

Speaker 1  02:37
the thing that I remember about rod it was rod rod Martin was a friend of mine and the two young guys that didn't know rod like to sing

Unknown Speaker  02:49
so I picture him probably singing this morning. Oh Little different than you and I did. But in a very beautiful way. Gina was his wife they left he had six children

Speaker 1  03:17
kind of touches my heart as well. One of them was getting married in about a month the youngest one was 12 years old. So I know probably most of you don't know them. But they're part of the body of Christ. And this morning, I don't know where Gina and and the children are. But it looks very different for them than it does for you and I as we gather to worship and most of us have life kind of as normal this morning, but it just shows us from one day to the next life can look very different. So if you think about Gina and the kids, say a prayer for him. I went to church with them. I was in a youth group with him his younger brother was in my bridal party and even though it's been a lot of years his family was on my way on my his family. His wife was on my mind a lot the last couple of days so say a prayer for them. They ran into a storm. It ripped the wing off the plane. They found a wing um a couple of miles from where the wreckage of the aircraft was. But the details are a bit insignificant and it was just a loss. So if you think about it, you can say a prayer for them they are part of the body says when the body mourns the whole body does when the when the when the body celebra It's we laugh and we sing together may we just have a prayer would you pray for them this morning Chris?

Speaker 2  05:09
Either this morning, we don't understand. Your ways are so much higher than I always. This morning my heart goes out. Rod, Rod, Martin and family especially Gina and the children's board. I'm sure they have a lot of questions. You answer those in due time. I pray that they could trust you and be faithful. I also want to lift up Nelson this morning as he shared this story is getting ready to preach the word asked for Grace would be sufficient for him as he shares with us this morning, this bless him in a mighty way and the congregation as well. Together here to hear your words. Jesus. Thank you brother thank you all right.

Speaker 1  06:36
I just want you guys to know as a family, I love you guys. I like that when we do life this morning, we're gonna have a baby dedication for known ARLIS child. That's a celebration of life. There's death that happens as part of this journey. But we get to do those things together. We don't walk that journey alone, we have Jesus and we have each other those that he put around us and that's very precious. Ruth, you just lost your mother recently. And even though maybe in some ways is a joy to see her in the kingdom, but still a loss. So we walk we walk that journey together. So I want to start out this morning. The message the title of the message is seeing Jesus in all of Scripture, but I like a little interaction from you guys first if we could when I when you think of Jesus or when I say the name Jesus I don't want you to think of an adjective or an adverb or something to describe I'm sorry my English is been a while I never liked English I think it's adjectives what I'm thinking of that describes Jesus. I want you to think of a picture Jesus what pops in your head just Just yell it out. Shepard

Speaker 1  08:03
Yeah, yeah, it's good it's good friend Yeah. Good Keep it keep a camera this is not this is not science or deep into be deep theological stuff. Just when you think of Jesus What do you think of what picture pops in your head might be some from a Sunday school class forgiven maybe cross along with that Yes, coming back in the clouds Jesus returning we've seen pictures of that. The eastern sky and Jesus at least what we imagined in our minds to be Jesus someone else

Speaker 1  08:50
strong tower Yeah, someone up here. I'm sorry. Gentle. I'm sorry. My hearing defender Yes. Awesome. So that's a little bit along the line. I was thinking I How many of you thought of baby in a manger anybody? Baby Jesus. I mean, so Jesus on the cross. Quite a few people Jesus on the cross Jesus coming back as as there but most of what you said didn't come out of the Old Testament. Most of what you said is a picture that you get when when we read the New Testament there's things that baby in a manger is is mostly comes out of the New Testament and for me growing up there's a lot of things that in my mind, I separated kind of old tests Old Testament was a lot of sometimes gory stories pretty interesting stories, sometimes a little hard to follow with some of that some prophecies some the the children of Israel following God with ups and downs, the New Testament so that was here and then G Jesus came. And Jesus started right about this center point in history somewhere. And then my understanding of my following of Jesus starts there, came in a manger, he grew up, he preached, he did his ministry, he did miracles, He healed people, then he died on the cross to cover my sins. And then he rose from the dead to give me life. And I see that. And part of that is because and some of our understanding, as we know that he was at the beginning, John, one versus John chapter one, verses one to five, it says, In the beginning was the Word. And the Word was with God, the word talking about Jesus, and said, the Word was God. He, Jesus was in the beginning with God, all things were made through Him. And without him, not anything was made. not anything made that was made in Him was life. And the life was the light of men, the light shines in the darkness, and the darkness has not uncovered it. So how many of you are fairly familiar with that scripture? Yes, we know Jesus was through all time, right? You got that scripture? Right? You could have probably quoted that one said, Well, God got Jesus has always been, he wasn't, he didn't just come, God didn't just create him or have him for to come in the baby as a manger, as in the manger as a baby, but he was throughout all time, but for about 4000 years, if you're like me, and maybe not, maybe you've studied a lot of this stuff, and you've seen a lot of evidences that, but for about 4000 years, we don't think of Jesus. He was in the beginning, we have that verse. And then he came as a baby, and the New Testament starts. So So what I'd like to do this morning, and this is this, where God is growing me, and I've been studying more and more of this, and I get really excited about it. Because most of us have a half picture of who Jesus is. If you look at Jesus as the lion, and Jesus as the Lamb, most of us take him as the Lamb. Because what he did for us, he's the gentle Jesus. He's the one that came and forgave our sins, and He loves us. And He cares for us. And sometimes he's just kind of the Jesus that we want him to be. That's just a partial picture of Jesus. But some of that is revealed. And then we get to the end of time, at the end of scripture in Revelation, Jesus shows up again, as he was more in the Old Testament. And sometimes it's hard for us to make that connection, because we're with Jesus, the lamb. So what I'd like to do this morning is look at some of the Scriptures in the Old Testament, to maybe give us a more complete picture of who Jesus is. So I hope that some of you didn't tune out there and say, Oh, this sounds like a teaching message. And we're just going to start looking at verses and, excuse me, it's going to be, oh, you're gonna lose me somewhere through the middle of this, because I want you to be excited about it. Because the Jesus that we're talking about here, has not changed. In this age of grace that we live, where he loves us and cares for us and provided for us. He's still the victorious king, he's still the king that in Revelation rides out of heaven on a white horse with a robe that's dipped in blood with a sword that comes out of his mouth, and destroys evil and mankind here on Earth. That's the Jesus. But the Jesus, the people in the Old Testament connected with that, do they recognize that Jesus, because some of the stories we're going to read and look at, they're like, Yeah, that's our Jesus, but they looked at the one that we know. So we don't we that's not Jesus, that's not the Messiah. That's, that's not the king. So they, they disconnected somewhere there. We look back and forward and say, Man, I don't know that Jesus real well, Jesus is loving, He's the baby in the manger.

Speaker 1  13:32
So here we go, seeing Jesus. In the Old Testament, there's six different ways. So just follow with me, because I'm going to give some examples of how these things happen. Six different ways to look for Jesus in the Old Testament, here's the thing, if you know the key, when you have a story, and you get to the end of the story, if it's a really good, maybe how many of you like to read novels? Shame on you, you shouldn't read novels, but they're, but they're kinda interesting. I mean, if it's a really good plot, and you're going through the story, and you don't know how it's going to end up and all of a sudden, you get to the end, and you find out who the villain is, and you find out who the good person is. All of the rest of it all of a sudden, makes sense. Right? Like, oh, yeah, that's why he did this. And now I remember how or if you're watching an action movie or something, you shouldn't watch action movies, either. But if you happen to watch one, and, and it's a good one, the same thing happens. And but then when you understand the key to it, then you can look back what I want to do this morning and start looking at the key. When you read the Old Testament like, oh, well, it's all about Jesus. The whole Bible is about Jesus, all of the Old Testament points forward to Jesus. All of the Old Testament reveals Jesus, but we have to know we have to know that when we read it, and it's way more fun to read. It's way more interesting. Here's six different ways that you will see Jesus in the Old Testament. So the first one is Christopher knees. How many you know what a Chris Stafanie is? Awesome, Jim, I expected you to know that this is gonna be fun. Chris Stafanie is a pre incarnate appearance of Christ. So pre incarnate incarnate is when he came to earth. And he was came as a baby. And he came the incarnation was when he became a human. So he could follow through with the plan of salvation. A Chris Stafanie is a pre incarnate appearance. And there's multiple places in the Old Testament where Jesus appeared. I'm not going to give that away, because alpha, I was planning to preach a message on that. But I think that's going to have to come because there's others. There's just some kind of an overview of this, of discovering Jesus in the Old Testament that I'd like to share first, and then maybe we'll go down through some of these six things at a later time and look at some of these pretty exciting ways. Where we can see Jesus in His appearance, we recognize him as the king, as the king we see in the old in the in Revelation And the king that the Israelites were expecting in the Old Testament to come. So Chris Stafanie is, here's an example of the pre incarnate appearance of Jesus in the Old Testament, the easiest one, and maybe one of the clearest one is Joshua at when they conquered Jericho. Remember the man that met Joshua, the night of the day before the Israelites began to circle around Jericho, as the Lord had commanded them. Anybody remember the the man that the story about the man that that Joshua met? And he said, Who are you? Are you Joshua said, Are you for us? Or he didn't recognize me? The clothes that he on, that he had on didn't give away? If he was for Jericho? Or if he was for the children of Israel? He said, Who are you? And he said, I'm the commander of the Lord's armies. Joshua bowed down to him, which no angel, an ordinary angel would never allow a human to bow down and worship them. He said, they would say, No, no, no, no, don't, don't worship me stand up, the king is worthy to be worship. This man did not say that. He said, Take off your shoes. This is holy ground. That was Jesus, who's the commander of the Lord's armies. King Jesus is. So that's a Chris Stafanie. That's an that's an appearance of Jesus in the pre incarnate appearance of Jesus in the Old Testament. So another way is types. Many of you are familiar with types there's, you say, types and shadows of something. Here's a type, Moses leading the leading the people out of bondage out of the land of Egypt into freedom as a type of Christ leading us out of our sin bondage into freedom in Christ. That's, that's a type. Another type would be the bronze serpent that was lifted up in the wilderness while they were there. If they looked on the bronze serpent, the snake bite today got it, it neutralized the venom, and they were healed. That's a type of Christ. So that's a type of third one is an illustration. An illustration would be a parallel life that is lived in the Old Testament that looks like if you look at that, and you say, Man, the same things happen to this person. Joseph has happened to Jesus. So Joseph was the firstborn of his mother, just like Jesus was He was highly favored, just like Joseph was, he was falsely accused, like Joseph was they were both sold for money.

Speaker 1  18:05
They were both with two criminals. Joseph was imprisoned with two criminals. What happened to the one one was killed, the other was saved. What happened to the two criminals that hung beside Jesus on the cross? One died, one was saved and eternity. That's an illustration that's a that is a parallel life that we can see Jesus in the Old Testament. So that's three Chris Stafanie, a type and illustration, a symbol is the fourth one, the Ark is a symbol Jacob's Ladder is a symbol of a connection of heaven to earth. That's what Jesus is manna from heaven. Jesus was manna from heaven. That's it. That is a symbol of what Jesus is the rock in Horeb where that Moses struck and water came out, the symbol of Jesus, Jesus is the water of life. Here's the one that I like, this was new to me a worm. How many of you knew that Jesus was referred to as a worm? Listen to this. This is good. Psalm 22 is a prophetic Psalm that describes the suffering and death of the Messiah who is likened to a worm in verse six. It says, but I am a worm, not a man scorned by mankind and despised by the people. There are three Hebrew words for a worm. The one in this verse is Toula Tola. It's a crimson or scarlet worm commonly found in Israel, the female crimson worm gives birth only once. At that time, she climbs up a tree piece of wood across doesn't say that, but that's the analogy attaches her body to it and becomes a hard crimson shell. The shell is so firmly attached to the tree that it can only be removed by ripping her apart and killing her. Underneath the body and protective shell she lays her eggs and the baby worms feed on her until she dies. After her death, her body releases a red or crimson ink that covers the baby entirely. The baby's remained crimson red for the remainder of their life. Then three days later, the dead mother's body loses its crimson color and becomes white lacks. The wax falls like snow on the ground like the Crimson mother worm died for her children to live. Jesus died so that we might live through him. He also climbed up on a tree and gave up his life for as soon as people could be cleansed by his blood, covered by it, and become white as snow. Now, if you read Psalms 22, six again, what will you think of? When you say, oh, as a worm? Know as Jesus, that's Jesus in the Old Testament, so clearly revealed what a beautiful story of that. That's the fourth way to discover Jesus in the Old Testament. The fifth one is prophecies. That's the one we're probably most familiar with. Right? So there, there's lots of prophecies come Christmas time we hear Isaiah prophecies from Isaiah, all those things that point to Jesus, how many of you know roughly how many prophecies were fulfilled? When Jesus came to earth the first time his first time on Earth, just anybody know the number? Just close them and it varies? Anywhere, so it's anywhere from 300 300 is the lowest number. Somebody said something, okay. So so the 300 is the lowest number that was absolutely fulfilled, of the things. When Jesus came the first time such as born in Bethlehem. That's a prophecy that was fulfilled when Jesus came numbers all the way up to if you go to some a little bit more vague ones, close to 600 prophecies that were filled. The first time when Jesus came, all those prophecies point to Jesus. They're all in the Old Testament. But if we don't recognize that as we as you start your Chronological Bible for the year, or you read your Bible through in a year, all of a sudden, when you realize that Jesus is the key to every passage, every book, every word in there, you start to look for how does this point to Jesus becomes much more interesting. So here's the thing. This is a sidenote bit of a bunny trail. There's 300 prophecies that were absolutely fulfilled when Jesus came, verified outside of just the Bible by history books. Anybody want to guess the amount of prophecies for his second coming? It was almost eight times as many for his second coming as it was for his first coming. You think God wants us to be aware that he's coming back again? I think he does. I think Jesus wants us to be aware that he's going to ride out of heaven on a white horse, clothed in blood, with the sword coming out of his mouth, and the earth and I can't remember it last last night, I read through the funny story. I read through the book of Revelation last night because I was still trying to get clarity on what God want me to share. Within 30 seconds of time I finished Revelation the lights went out. I mean, if you lost power last night,

Speaker 1  23:01
Okay, God, here we go. But the lights came back on that and we're still here today. But he is coming over 1800 prophecies about His Second Coming. So here's the thing. The early Jesus came this this is what we're familiar with. Jesus came as a baby crucified, rose again. The disciples after he rose again, we're walking on from the road, said the road to Damascus, several of them are walking unbelief to and they were discussing this and they didn't understand why this happened. This Jesus that they knew well that they walked with, they saw the miracles, they believed that he was the Messiah. But he was gone and they were confused about all sudden this man came and began to walk with and we said, hey, what's it? What's the topic of the day? What's the discussion? They said? This Are you crazy? Are you a visitor like where'd you come from? Like, you don't know who just died and this whole story so they tell them the story. And Jesus began it says he began with Moses and the prophets. And he interpreted to them the Scriptures about himself. So what we're doing today we're looking at the Old Testament, saying, Where does Where's Jesus in their? Jesus Himself to His disciples who didn't recognize him began to explain the scriptures for Moses in the prophet, and he pointed out all the things like hey, this guy you're talking about, he was right there. And as he progressed down through each prophet, He would say, there's Jesus and at the end of it, they began to see the whole picture and say, Ah, that was that was Jesus. Wait a second year Jesus, but he was gone. Philip in the eunuch and Acts chapter eight verses 26 to 40. Philip, you know that story, the Ethiopian eunuch he was traveling back from worshiping and he was reading the, the book of Isaiah Old Testament Scripture. He was reading this, and Phillip sent by the Spirit to him, ran alongside the chair and said, Hey, do you understand what you're reading there? And he said, No, how am I supposed to understand unless somebody points it out to me. Philip opened his mouth and beginning with this scripture in Isaiah began to tell him about Jesus. He did the same thing. He went back scripture after scripture in the Old Testament, and showed him that this Jesus that was just sacrifice was the one that the Old Testament was talking about the whole time. Paul in Rome in the synagogues when they then they appointed This is Paul, when he's ready to die in Rome. He's in house arrest, but people would come and multiple times through Paul's missionary journeys, they would say, and on the Sabbath, He would go to the synagogues, and he would explain to them the scriptures, Jesus would do the same thing. All he was doing was going into the Old Testament. And he was pointing out all these types and illustrations and parallels and prophecies, all those things, and he was explaining who Jesus is. The early apostles, oh, here's here's x 28, verse 23. When they, when they had appointed a day for him, they set up a schedule. In other words, Paul's Paul was busy. They set up a schedule with him, they appointed a day when they came to him and his lodging in great numbers. And from morning to evening, he expounded to them testifying to the kingdom of God, and trying to convince them about Jesus, both from the law of Moses and the prophets. So Paul did the same thing. He just went through the Scriptures, pointing out who Jesus was. So here's I mentioned already. There was a disconnect between what the Old Testament people were expecting. They were expecting the Lion of Judah. They were expecting someone that would come. It was okay that he came as a baby in a manger. That was a prophecy. But when Jesus grew up, there was some expectations. Okay, if You're the Messiah, start showing us start showing us what the Cristofer knees in the Old Testament would have get when Jesus showed up on the scene. I'll just tell you a couple of them. 185,000 Assyrian army men slaughtered in one night by the angel of the Lord, when you read this, and I want you guys to read through this. There's a difference when the scripture says the angel of the Lord, or it says, an angel of the Lord. And angel of the Lord normally refers to what we would think of as an angel when it says the angel of the Lord came multiple times through scripture, excuse me, and we'll get we'll get to that. Most likely, was Jesus Himself as the commander of the army. So when they when the Jews thought of the Messiah, or Jesus coming, they were thinking of the king that slaughtered 185,000 Assyrians in one night. And the Israelite army came out and they they they were gone answer to their prayer and answer to a prophecy they were gone. There was a there's multiple things like that. So the Jews had that picture of Jesus the lion.

Speaker 1  27:51
So they had a hard time connecting with Jesus the Lamb. Right? They this this loving, this loving person that was forgiving people that hit him that was on his trial, he wouldn't answer back. Like that's not that can't be the king. Today, most of us base our most of us base our view of who Jesus is on the New Testament, on the king that turned his other cheek that was born in a manger, that love that loves everyone. It's not his will that any should perish. So we have trouble connecting with the fact when we read in Revelation that this king that loves everyone rides out of heaven, with thee as the commander of the arm as the angel of the Lord, as the commander of the Lord's armies on a white horse with a robe that is soaked in blood. like wait a second, Jesus, He wants to give everybody a hug, doesn't he? Not this Jesus. Here. Here's what it says. So the angel swang has sickle across the earth and gathered the grape harvest of the earth and threw it into the great wine press of the wrath of God. See, we forget that the God that we serve that Jesus in His Cristofer knees, represented to us because no man has seen the Father and live the second person of the Trinity is Jesus Christ that revealed the invisible God to us. He was a visible representation of the invisible guy when he came to Earth. We forget sometimes that he represents this God that does not put up with evil. The wine track the wine press was trodden outside the city, and the blood flowed from the wine press as high as a horse's bridle. For 1600 stadia, that's 200 miles. Can you figure blood if you figure out horses, or horses bridles, roughly four or five feet? The evil people were gathered and destroyed in the wine press of God's wrath and it gives them it gives a picture that the blood from these people that were crushed, was his four to five feet high for 200 miles. That's the Lion of Judah. Here's the next verse. This is about Jesus that was it that was talking about the situation I was talking about the scenario. This talks about Jesus from his mouth comes a sharp sword with which to strike down the nations and He will rule them with a rod of iron. He will tread the wine press of the fury of the wrath of God Almighty, this Jesus, this wine press, its King Jesus that's doing the trampling. It says he will rule he is the person in the wine press. That's trampling those out. That's the Lion of Judah. So how do we bring those? How do we get a complete picture? Sometimes I think we get so wrapped up in the gentle Jesus born in a manger, that sin doesn't look so bad to us. Like, I don't know. But when I read this picture, when I when I look what the Jews looked at the Lion of Judah, we look at the Lamb of God, the Lamb, the lamb King. When I look at this passage where it says, the unfaithful, the liars, those that are cowardly, all those things that are less than Revelation says they will not be in the kingdom of heaven. I want to get as far away from those things as I possibly can. I don't even wanna get close to it. Somebody says, Well, what's what's wrong with this? What what's wrong with? I mean, if this is right, then why can't I be the world does this but Bible doesn't say I shouldn't do that. If it smells, anything of being that I don't want to be anywhere close to why, why are our hearts continually drawn to those things? Some and I think sometimes, because the picture that we have of Jesus, right? The complete picture sometimes would help us understand and say, Jesus, King, King, Jesus, and we see that picture first. And then when we begin to understand Jesus in the Old Testament, when he appeared what happened when Jesus when the angel the angel of the Lord appeared into situations what happened. People were massively, the evil was massively slaughtered. When we picture that and that and then that guy came as a baby in a manger. That's incredible. Like, like who he's the king. He can slaughter 185,000 people in a night, because they were coming against the children of Israel. That King came from heaven took on flesh. Isn't that amazing that he came as a baby and a member he served us he didn't turn his other cheek. He I'm sorry, he turned his other cheek when he was smoking.

Speaker 1  32:35
Colossians 115 to 20 says he is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of all creation. For by Him all things were created in heaven and on earth, visible and invisible, whether thrones or dominions or rulers, or authority, all things were created through Him and for Him. He is before all things and all and in Him all things hold together. He is the head of the body, the church. He is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead, that in everything he might be pre eminent, For in him all the fullness of God was pleased to dwell, this father that no man has seen all of the power all of the authority everything dwells in Jesus, and Jesus Christ and through Him, to reconcile to himself all things whether on earth or in heaven, making peace, by the blood of his cross. Isaiah, chapter 11, verses six through nine. You guys, you guys are all familiar with the saying the lion shall lay down with the lamb. That's not just a cute saying, that's incredible that that happens. The Jesus, Jesus, the lion, and Jesus, the lamb. When you bring those together, Isaiah said, here's what's going to happen at the end of time, when evil is destroyed. This light, this ferocious King, is also the gentle king. He also loves us it says, The wolf shall dwell with the lamb. The leopard shall lie down with the young goat, and the calf and the lion and the fatted calf together and a young child shall lead them. The cow and the bear shall graze their young shall lie down together, the lion shall eat straw like an ox. The nursing child shall play by the hole of the Cobra. And a weaned child should put his hand on the adders and they shall not be hurt or destroy in all my holy mountain, for the earth shall be full of the knowledge of the Lord as the waters cover the sea. I don't know what your picture when you picture Jesus, if we if we continue this journey through the Old Testament to discover Jesus there. I just hope that for you this becomes a full a full picture of who Jesus is. Jesus as our king. He is the baby in the manger he did save as he does love us. He's also the king that will eradicate all evil. And for us in our hearts that should put us we want to put the most distance we can from Anything that disgrace is our king or is not of his kingdom. Let's pray Jesus I pray that your picture, our our picture of you would be complete. When we see you as the Lion of Judah that you are it would put a holy fear of an almighty sin hating God in front of us that would diminish the temptations of the world. When we see you as the perfect Lamb that was slain for us, that your love would draw us into your arms. Keep us Father through your son. Amen.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai