Speaker 1  01:42
I'm Hilda, Hey,

Speaker 2  01:52
how are you? Oh, not too bad we're recovering from a busy weekend of Shakespeare plays and so other than that, we're doing all right.

Matthias Miller  02:06
Sounds good. Sounds like a fun, fun time, though.

Unknown Speaker  02:11
Yeah, it was. It really was

Matthias Miller  02:15
all right. So it's putting together a little cheat sheet document here. Okay, so my just to make sure we're on the same page, my understanding is that the general purpose of this call is, let me give you a high level of the business, where it's at, where it's going, sure. Do you have some context for what's going on in the bookkeeping side? Is that right?

Unknown Speaker  02:32
That's correct, yeah.

Matthias Miller  02:36
All right. So let me

Matthias Miller  02:45
right? So I'm going to just do this, and let's, let's start with, with kind of core business and what it is right now, it's warning, it's all right. So I mean, background is I was doing a lot more work with Ellis, running more of Ellis team. I don't know how much you're aware of this, but about getting close to two years ago, sold off that part of the business over to him. Okay, got really lean and started focusing on other revenue channels. And I am in that another kind of juncture point of where, where to next,

Unknown Speaker  03:30
sure, so I have,

Matthias Miller  03:35
I have been running to two DBAs. One is Roadhouse. There's a set of silver loom clients. And actually, this is, this is not this actually gets billed directly to them. The main ones here are Strasbourg palette this is a little unusual. They pay me the check. I remit silver loom portion by check to go crafters. Insight, currently, this is also I'm currently invoicing myself at the moment, but I think it makes sense to get better cadence for that insight. There's a Ben will walk you through billing them and then hostile, hopefully coming on board sometime in the near future. We'll see once they get together. Contract straightened out, sure. So that all comes through, through silver lining, through the billing system. Comes in as a lump sum settlement. I'm billing contractors directly, and that would include kind of business, marketing, support, copywriting, some business that. Kind of advisory, types of stuff, also for new co characters, new software clients that come on board I am, I am billing, the billing that directly to code crafters and negotiating new compensation with part one due on delivery and part two due on acceptance. Okay, so we'll let you there's nothing to do with that now, but okay, let you know when that happens. The other invoice is, this is my this is my side gig hobby project. We are. I launched a podcast a couple months ago with Okay, and so I just to keep things simple, I I hired the podcast. There's an assistant helping us with the podcast. We're basically re billing at to I'm covering some of the subscriptions and fees and management, and he's covering her hours. Okay, so Ben, I'll fill you in on that. I'm also running a shed Titans brand focused specifically on The Shed industry. We've been this, the only thing that we've really gotten legitimate traction on has been a custom CRM which is basically, basically just reselling high level, which is a which is CRM software. All of these are on. All of these are on auto pay, okay? We're using deposit slash, authorize that net for the credit card on that we've been trying to sell. We actually did sell one. We're we did sell one sales recruitment. We had a bunch of interest at the Expo, and have not been able to get people out of their distracted minds to go take action.

Unknown Speaker  07:13
So further develops, yes, yeah.

Matthias Miller  07:18
And then there's also other miscellaneous consulting that comes along the way. Additional CRM. I mean, there's been a hodgepodge of stuff that we've offered. Most of this stuff you probably don't need to know too much about. Probably most of it that it's just when it's bespoke like that, it's almost easier for me just to shoot out the invoices and

Unknown Speaker  07:44
sure, yeah, that makes sense.

Matthias Miller  07:50
And as far as employees, just for familiarity, Audra is part time remote executive assistant, slash project manager. She's the main one you would ever need to coordinate with for anything Sure, Rhonda part time local Assistant, Assistant, just because I'm too lazy to go to the post office and fill up my water jugs. And Haley is the part time podcast assistant. So, okay, we haven't. I've never, at this point, so the way I've historically taken approached money philosophically is division of labor, between between writing the checks, making the payments and and doing the books. Just it's, it's not for lack of trust. It just, there's no possibilities for fingers to get pointed and blame to get thrown anywhere. And I'm not at the point of outsourcing any of this stuff. And to be completely frank, the the financial situation is such that it's, I mean, it's, it's nail biting enough at moments that, yeah, it's probably better if I'm the one writing the checks anyway

Speaker 1  09:16
at this point. Yeah, yes, that makes good sense.

Matthias Miller  09:21
So that's, that's kind of the business as it is. I've been in a business mentorship for actually, might be familiar with it. I've been in Perry Marshall's roundtable for the last three years.

Speaker 2  09:37
Okay, I've heard the name, but I'm so I'm, you know, I'm venturing into the business world.

Matthias Miller  09:46
He's not the only, the only reason I thought you would know the name is because I know Joel did, did one of these programs, okay, oh yeah, sure. He's not that widely known outside of that.

Unknown Speaker  09:56
His name on a book around here,

Matthias Miller  09:59
I'm sure. That. So this year came with the performance gear. It's a long story. I will probably be winding that down prematurely. I just and, and it's I'm going to likely prune a bunch of stuff in the in the business. I've had conversations with Audra about scaling down backer hours, and depending how things shape up, I might add on some consulting for investor with investor tools, which would have a fairly straightforward billing process as well. Okay? And beyond that, there's probably a small amount of kind of maintenance we're going to do in the shed industry, but realistically, there's not much that you can in my opinion, there's not much you can do in the industry besides the annual Expo. Like the annual Expo is kind of, oh, okay, big thing that happens, so I don't think this will dramatically affect you, but shed industry has not panned out as well and as quickly as it like. So I think it basically becomes incubation, probably while also looking at, and, yeah, continuing to run experiments off to the side to look for ways to there it's too full prune, prune expenses even further where possible. And then also, I'll be looking at experimenting into ways that for additional lines of business or additional engagements. So sure,

Unknown Speaker  11:52
sure, yeah.

Matthias Miller  11:56
And again, at the risk of too much context and information, I have a friend of mine who I've been working with on the sales he's been his he's been in sales. He does sales recruiting. He's great at what he does. And he basically said as much. He's like, you know, two to four years ago, people doing systems type work were doing well. And he's like, he's he's not seen anybody, he doesn't know anybody in his network doing any type of systems related work. That's that's not just getting beaten down right now. So anyway, so that means there's, hopefully we've got some, it's just what it means there's high volatility, and I don't know exactly there's, there's high volatility. The advice that I've gotten has panned out, and I don't exactly know where I'm going, so a phase

Speaker 2  12:53
of experimentation and sort of looking for options. And, yeah, yes, Yep, yeah.

Matthias Miller  13:07
So do you have any and to be completely fair, I'll say this as well. I mean, it's, it's so much as though this is kind of where it gets a little tricky having, you know, being so adjacent to code drafters. Yeah, if really push came to shove, it wouldn't be, I don't know yet, but one of the options on the table is a COO role in which I would probably take a COO it's possible I would, I would take a look at taking a full time COO role still still getting paid as an independent contractor, so it can continue with all of that, but there could be some potential substantial client relationships that would Have to be rearranged for that. So, okay, yeah, disabled, yeah,

Speaker 2  14:05
okay, I will, I'll do what I can to stay caught up to the to the ride.

Matthias Miller  14:12
Well, hopefully. And I think, I think the good thing is, most of this stuff does really will end up again. It's not, it's not a big business. It's not a complicated business, yeah, and so and most, there's not a lot of questions that can't be just tabled until the our weekly calls.

Speaker 2  14:30
And, yeah, yeah. I don't know that I have a lot like, you know some of this, the more I get into it, and the more I understand, the more questions I'll have about the details. And you know, if Ben walks me through how the just how things work, processes and stuff, then it may i. Come up. Things will come up. I tend to, I guess. Are you fine with me shooting you any questions I have via text or mail? Which one's better?

Matthias Miller  15:14
So if they're if they're short or urgent, like simple or urgent, text is great. Okay? I really struggle. I mean, if it's something that really requires deep thought, emails, fine, I'm much better as a verbal communicator. So I would, yeah, probably, it's probably easier to find a time on my calendar where we can, I don't know, come with your list of questions and we can go through it. And if it's sure, yeah, these are for me to jot notes too. As we're going I don't mind doing that. It's just I find it really hard to focus in email.

Speaker 2  15:47
Yeah, well, I'm a little the same I email is not I? Yeah, it just takes me so long to put my my thoughts down. In a way, it feels like it's very time inefficient for me to put my to try to put my thoughts down on paper. So, so yeah, I tend to, I tend to want to talk about things too.

Unknown Speaker  16:12
So, yeah,

Speaker 2  16:16
oh, I had another Oh, I was just gonna say. I tend to be the kind of person that will ask questions just to make sure before I do something. So I hope that's not annoying. I know I work for some people that would rather I just do, just make a decision and about, you know, whatever don't so but I do tend to ask a lot of questions.

Matthias Miller  16:45
I don't mind that. So you need, I think it could this. This can also be helpful context. I would say that I have. Are you familiar with the disc at all?

Speaker 1  17:01
Um, yeah, a little bit yes.

Matthias Miller  17:05
So I lean, I lean fairly heavily on the on the left side of the disc DC, so it's I do tend to be pretty task oriented and a mixture of the, I mean, I can bounce between the high energy and the obsessive compulsion to perfection in detail. So I'm very happy answering what our questions. I please don't feel like you're bugging me if I don't respond, sure, yeah, something, I'm in the middle of something or, or I might just say, you know, it might just be something that's easier to answer on a call, or something like that. Yeah, that's Yeah, yeah, yeah. But no, don't. Sounds good. No worries about offending me with too many questions or anything like that. Okay, all right.

Speaker 3  18:00
Good. Yes, I don't think that. I don't

Speaker 2  18:17
know that you were working on, is that available somewhere?

Matthias Miller  18:23
Yeah, it's, it's in the you should have access to the code, house, accounting, drive,

Speaker 2  18:29
okay, yeah, I need to get my emails and organize the various things that I've been getting.

Matthias Miller  18:41
I'll send we'll send it in the in signal. Now, okay, you should have access by virtue of if, if Ben shares the accounting at code house.com, email address, then that'll get you, oh sure. That basically gives you keys to everything that should give you keys to everything that you need, including this. Okay, okay, all right,

Speaker 2  19:04
let me think it was something else I was going to ask. Okay, so, like, as far as zoom meetings and things like that, you'll always send a link ahead of the meeting. Or is there, like I, know how zoom works, sort of, but I haven't used it regularly. Like, is there a certain place I go to for every meeting, or is there a link for every meeting?

Matthias Miller  19:30
Yeah, there's a so typically, this is a standard link I use for most of my meetings. I use a different link for our financial calls. Okay, so there should be somehow, just got missed. Typically, there's a link in the event and you can just,

Speaker 2  19:44
okay, okay, alright, yeah, okay, alright. I was just because I well, I could save this link like somehow, and, you know, just have access to it whenever there's a call coming or if there's a. Um, if I know there's going to be a link, then I'll just

Unknown Speaker  20:04
wait on that. So,

Matthias Miller  20:05
yep, there's a link in the in the Thursday event, so you can use that. Okay, okay,

Speaker 2  20:14
yeah, I'm trying to think, at the moment, I don't know that. I have other questions. Okay, so how well I should ask, How soon is Ben wanting to phase out? Like, what? What is the timeline on turnover here? And what's, what should I expect? And also, kind of, how many hours do you think it might be? Is it okay? I guess I should talk about my schedule a little bit. So with homeschooling, I tend to want to keep my mornings kind of free so that I can it's not that I can't jump on a call like this, you know, for half an hour or even an hour, because I either girls have things they can do, but I would prefer to if it works for me to do most of my work in the afternoons. And my schedule is such that Mondays were at a co op all day, so I'm basically accessible only by text on Mondays, Tuesdays, we have piano and then a karate class in the afternoon. So it just Tuesdays just end up being really busy. But once again, I would be able to jump on a call in the morning. Wednesdays are more flexible. I have to take Lucia to a class mid morning. But then Thursdays and Fridays are the days that I see, sort of being my bookkeeping days. So if that, yeah, so if it's okay, I will probably do the bulk of my work toward the end of the week. So if there's anything that you know needs to be done, that's urgent, that needs to be done, then I can, I can figure out how to make it work on Tuesdays and Wednesdays. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  22:20
So I would, so the biggest thing we have our meeting scheduled for Thursday afternoon. Yes, most critical thing in my mind is just the cash flow forecast, having that updated so we can go over that,

Speaker 2  22:32
sure, sure, by Thursday afternoon.

Unknown Speaker  22:35
Yes, yeah.

Matthias Miller  22:37
And you, I mean, I want that relatively, relatively recent it has, doesn't literally have to be, you know, day of or time of, but yeah, and then a bit like even doing that on Wednesday is fine. Okay, most of the other stuff, like reviewing transactions, questions about transactions, or other stuff like that. I mean, it's not that big of a deal if there's a if there's a week delay, you know, if you're working on it Friday, and flag a certain number of ones that you've got questions on, it's not a huge deal to wait until Thursday. You know, the next Thursday. Okay, and there's very little, I think, if there's some invoicing that we do tend to fall on various times of the week, days of the week, okay, yeah, it's not much, much work as as things are now I do Like invoicing, yeah, sorry, I'm just again. So if there's availability to send off, typically, I don't think it should take more than 15 minutes. Yeah, yeah, no. And then I'm trying to see here. I think it's, I don't know exactly, let me just See if I can.

Matthias Miller  24:08
We check something here.

Unknown Speaker  24:19
Let's do to

Matthias Miller  24:31
see what hours kind of have been. Oh sure, looking like like it looks like Ben's been spending anywhere from three to about five hours, okay, maybe seven hours at the you know, like there have been a few times. Um. Yeah, now I'm really curious what changed his hours really okay. There was, there was a few months earlier this year when we had some catch up stuff to do. So it actually had been higher than that.

Unknown Speaker  25:21
August.

Matthias Miller  25:28
Before that, I was seeing more like six to 10, and then there was a bunch of catch up. So I have, I have no idea what changed, but more recently, it's been pretty consistently like the last Hang on, hang on, hang on. I'm looking at it's backwards.

Unknown Speaker  25:48
Flip it like the

Matthias Miller  26:02
last time we're several months, it's been ranging from six to 10,

Speaker 1  26:06
okay per month, per month, okay per month.

Matthias Miller  26:15
And I would guess it's and there were two months where I think he was doing a bunch of catch up from some stuff that got missed previously. That's probably why the earlier, earlier months prior to that, were lower. And then we had these two peaks, peak months. It's something like that

Speaker 2  26:33
that sounds that sounds reasonable.

Matthias Miller  26:39
And if you, I'm not opposed either, if we, if you want to batch more than he did if we went to reduce. I mean, there are times of the month based on when money out that if we want to do we could, we could potentially switch to alternate weeks as an example, or play it by ear, and that would let you batch more of it together. I don't have a, okay, a problem with that. If there's some efficiency gains to be had, I'm

Speaker 2  27:14
okay taking a look, sure. Well, I'll just have to once I know a little bit more what the you know what all is involved, what all the processes are, then I'll have a better idea. And you know if it's just popping in here and there, you know if it's if 15 minutes on any given day should be manageable. I mean, as far as if there's a if there's an invoicing that needs to be done, or something like that. I think, you know, something like that. I mean, you know, I'd like to say, Oh, I could do that on Mondays too, but I'm like, Well, I better be realistic about my capacity and just say Mondays are probably out and then, but the rest of the week, I think, you know, doing invoicing, things like that. I think I should be able to to pop in and do mostly what, what needs to be done, and then sort of catch up on the things, the rest of the things on Thursdays and Fridays. So, yep,

Matthias Miller  28:16
sounds good. Then we can, we can figure out more specifics of that as we you know,

Unknown Speaker  28:23
yeah,

Speaker 2  28:24
sounds good. Sounds good, yeah. This gives me an ideas things to Yeah. It is a big picture of how things work.

Matthias Miller  28:33
So that's good. There's probably a million questions, but there's the big picture, yeah,

Speaker 1  28:41
yes, yeah, all right, sounds good.

Matthias Miller  28:44
Okay, have a good one.

Unknown Speaker  28:47
Thanks. You too. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai