Matthias Miller  04:23
I wish I would have some wild aha moments. It just, it's that is it is what it is, I guess. Yeah, are they doing hot seats? Or is today like lecture? really. is. you. going. Good? How are you good? Curious. Curious. What RT is doing for you today? You know, I'm actually having a really, really hard time focusing this time. I don't know why, okay, but getting a ton of inspiration around pushing AI hard and I don't know, I just, Day? No, it's hot. Well, it's hot seats in lecture day. I mean, Perry's been pushing the eat dessert. First play. Give yourself permission to play. So basically, go to your Renaissance time and then go play. And then do you go to your 1000 or $10,000 an hour work. It Yeah,

Speaker 1  05:23
I actually kind of believe that, like, I think that does work really good for big players. I'm not, I'm not sure. I'm just not sure how well it works at the bottom end or in the middle well.

Matthias Miller  05:33
I mean, if you know how to find and capture leverage, yes,

Unknown Speaker  05:41
yeah, or you have it, yeah.

Matthias Miller  05:46
Like, for me, yesterday, I said, I'm going to do it. And, I mean, I've got weird playtime interests, so I was like, let me build out. I'm going to walk, by the way, but that's fine. Let me go build out task automation and go high level so that I know that there's every lead always has a follow up well that turns out to be highly productive. And I'm like, Thursday, I have a list of leads to crank through. Like, Go, crank, crank, crank, crank, crank, and I don't have to spend time thinking about all right, where in the pipeline do I start? You just go do it. So, you know. So in addition to that, I'm doing stuff like this little novel I just shot over an outline of a this could be a one year bi weekly direct mail piece, if we wanted to. And you could either say, Look, we're going to, or it could be a 26 day email series, or both, or both. And the fun thing is, if you wanted to, I mean, if you have the outline, then you just build it one step at a time, like, All right, let's figure out how to get the first part of the story, and then you feed the historical context. And say, now go write this. And here's where you're going. And then go write this and you read it. And I mean, the biggest thing that probably the biggest thing, I roll my eyes over a little bit, and I just need to get over probably, but it's, I really do have to sit down, whether it's video transcripts or reading these things. I do have to sit down and read and be like, Okay, is there anything glaringly obvious that just has to change? Like, let's not Oh, I don't know. We really should not say that, basically, but it could very easily get us up to like 80% completion, and if we have these scripts queued up, then I can schedule a two hour block and shoot five minute videos, and at the end of two hours, Have the entire videos recorded for the program. Yep. Um, or probably 30 minutes a day, or two hours a week, we can queue up these stories, and in two hours a week, we can go and be like, Okay, do these check the boxes? Are we good? And over a series of weeks. Just avoid bogging myself down, or maybe it's black out half a day or a day, we're just gonna go get this thing done. Yeah? If we block out a day, then we have a book, then all we need is a cover, and we can publish it on Amazon, and we can start giving away copies for $3.50 a piece, yeah? Plus shipping. Uh, so I'm way more optimistic about AI than I was earlier, and I continually need to be proud of I don't know why I don't spend more time exploring

Speaker 1  09:12
it, but I'm the same, and I think I have a hunch as to why we don't spend time exploring it. We've already, we've both already spent years learning all this stuff. It is, in a certain sense, learning AI is not it's definitely not easy. It's really not and learning what to do and how to do, it's still like the Wild West. Nobody really quite has a handle on it. It changes all the time, and it's a lot of work to learn it. I actually have, I just totally put off using it initially for a lot of reasons. In the last couple of years, I've started trying to, and like trying to glean good info from people, and it's just a lot of time down the drain. And so it's hard when you know you have a lot of things to do, and you even know what those things are, it's hard to spend time learning, because it's it's not like if you already knew. You open this tab, type in this URL, say these five words, and out pops at x, and you knew X led to Y. Benefit for your company, you'd be doing it all day long, right, right, but it's that ambiguous journey in the middle. You know it can be done, but you don't know all the steps it takes to get it done, and it's easy to see the thing going astray on your first few tries. So it's kind of like, huh, that was interesting. I'll get back to that later, right? Well, and

Matthias Miller  10:27
so here's what I've done, if you understand. So q4 last year was me going into internal family systems and therapy related to that, which the basic premise is that trauma creates, I don't know, emotions can only be identified when there you have some kind of imagination to attach to them, I guess. And that personalities go with this part, if you will. We all have multi dimensional personalities. So you have the geek who wants to try new things. You have the responsible business person who wants to make sure everything works. You have the delegator that wants to figure out how to break it down into a task and whatever fill in the blank and getting the same results from Ai really comes down to appropriately directing, whether through multiple bots or chats or whatever, to integrating multiple intelligence to get the result that you need. So in my case, what I'm doing is I'm setting multiple scorecard objectives. So go score this based on how accurate is it, based on the training, go score based on relevance, and go score based on how does this fit into a row, content flow, and then go fix it. And hey, what you're proposing is going to compromise this other score. So you can't do that. Try again. Okay, good. Like now we have a solid thing to work from and giving it or go evaluate this from the perspective of 100 different fill in the blank. And how would they score it? How can you improve the score? Go implement that. All right now, evaluate again, and if you kind of have this scorecard criteria, score this from zero to 100 or whatever, which I've been liking today, but whatever, then you give it a goal to work towards, and it can kind of find its way towards there. I didn't look closely at the outline that it generated, but I'm gonna guess it's, it's got to be at least 70% of the way there.

Speaker 1  12:50
Okay, and you are referring to those docs you were sending me today, right? Yep, yeah. See if I can get those other ones open. Now I it's

Speaker 2  13:00
funny.

Speaker 1  13:08
Sorry for pasting that back to you. I was trying to do something. I have this on my phone. If I click the I have no idea why this is on my phone. If I click the link in chanty, it sends me to an in app browser, which I detest, and a login screen, but if I copy the same link over to signal it just opens in the box app, I have no idea why. So that's weird. Yeah, welcome to Tech. Welcome to Jack beyond the four walls, the hero journey to building a thriving shed business now that. And that's the output. That's the final output, or I don't know how you call that, but that's, that's what I came up with. Yeah, okay, funny enough, my wife was just learning some stuff about generating ebooks through the AI lately.

Matthias Miller  13:51
Um, interesting. And I gave it some instructions around building in cliffhangers and hero's journey and, you know,

Speaker 1  14:00
yeah, stuff like that. Yep. See, debunking the myth and mystery. So, so, oh, and were you done, or did I interrupt you on rant? No, no, it's great, and I'm not, I'm not going to claim to have followed the whole thing, but it's, it's good. So, and you kind of got this from RT today, like, all these ideas about AI, the inspiration

Matthias Miller  14:31
to go working on it. So yeah, and yeah, the ideas, I mean that, and I've been, I'm part of Ren AI, and some of the ideas how to work around limited context windows and stuff like, Windows and stuff like that, like, I'm using and then bounce around, yeah, there's some other ideas. You know, Perry's like, he exhausts all the rate limits in in all his different subscriptions, so Claude, chat, GBT, like, and usually within two hours. God. Cool. And I mean, this is something fun and not for public consumption, but you would be interested in it. He's playing with chatgpt and mathematicians on Upwork to see if he can prove Euclid parallel. What is it? It's the idea that the the unprovable thing that says that if you have a line and a single point outside the line, that the only line that does intersect, the first line is parallel, which has been unproven for 1000s of years, over hundreds, over 1000 years,

Speaker 1  15:41
I left it like this, but I haven't heard the first one. The theory is that a line, if you have a straight line and a second line, another line,

Matthias Miller  15:53
no, a second, yeah, a second line. Well, if you have a line and a point outside the line, the only line that intersects with the point, but not the first line is a parallel line.

Speaker 1  16:12
No, that's obviously wrong, like Pat I mean, on the same plane, on the same plane, as long as the line is headed in a different direction. Is this a is this a circular universe? Question?

Matthias Miller  16:29
Oh, I'm not sure what you mean by that.

Speaker 1  16:32
There's this idea that the universe is not most people, without thinking about it, when talking about the universe, picture like a cloud, in other words, a ball, sort of, and that we're inside of it. But there are people who think the universe is circular, right? Like, if you had this way, eventually you'll return in back to kind of, like going around the Earth. But not that's a terrible analogy. Sure, if you have a line, okay, I'm the piece of paper. If you have a line and a and a random point over here, yep, any line that heads that direction by even the smallest degree is going to intersect with the original line. But any line that heads that direction parallel or away, if we aren't, if we're talking about straight lines, which maybe that's the straight

Matthias Miller  17:19
lines is extending infinitely in either direction. I think,

Speaker 1  17:24
okay, because my point, like, obviously, if you're going this way, you never return here unless we're talking about something odd, their universe theory or something. But I'm not the somebody wants to prove it with a math formula.

Matthias Miller  17:39
So he Perry says he's at about point eight of about 13 to 15 things that he has to establish in order to establish a proof for this, which hasn't been done before. That's the basic

Speaker 1  17:53
that's hilarious, and he's doing it for fun. Yes, is this part of his play time? Yes,

Matthias Miller  18:02
absolutely. He spent almost all of New Year's Eve. He's working on this.

Speaker 1  18:07
Players, I'm sorry, giving it a 92nd break, and We'll be right back. One quick second here. I

Speaker 1  19:03
And I'm back. All right, okay, so, um, the referring literally to these docs that you've sent, and I've got them all open on my screen here, yep, um, it looks to me like you told the prompt to take, apparently, a transcript of, like a webinar or training or something, and then you told it to produce another video for you, right? That's approximately

Matthias Miller  19:32
right, or Yeah. I mean, there's more steps in there, but yeah, the scripts

Speaker 1  19:35
of another video, and then in your mind, what were you going to do with that video script that it produced, uh,

Matthias Miller  19:44
plaster my face on a camera. Well, okay, here's what I really want to do. I want to feed it into descript or something, or whatever the right thing is, yeah, and say, go make me videos. And I want to get out of the video production business. So. Sorry, and the last part there, and I want to get out of the video production business. Yeah,

Speaker 1  20:07
absolutely, yes. I think that's entirely doable, by the way. I can't see a reason it can't be done.

Matthias Miller  20:13
I mean, the main thing is, the main thing is, I should probably review the transcript first, even read it aloud, or listen to it aloud, just to make sure that it's not saying something stupid,

Speaker 1  20:28
for sure. And you can have it read it to you out loud. You also could come up with a little side process. And I think this is where people talk about chains of agents, speaking of learning AI, that is something. I still don't have a grip on how to do that at all, but you could at least have have it evaluate like you did not talk about these kinds of things, right? You didn't shift to talk about homes or

Matthias Miller  20:54
I have in this on the script. I have the evaluation like, is it true to the source material? Is it relevant? Is it practical and actionable? Does it does it tie into the current topic and not other parts of the training? And please score it. And then, if it's less than 95 I personally say, Okay, go, go. Do it again. Yeah,

Speaker 1  21:17
yep. So accurate. It is within itself about things like, is it true of the source materials like this? Does it really even have a grip on what that means?

Matthias Miller  21:33
I don't know. We could ask it like, the question in this chat is, we could, we could say, Can you please tell me where for each of the points that you're making? Can you please tell me where in the source document that you got this information

Unknown Speaker  21:48
that Yeah, yeah,

Matthias Miller  21:52
or or quote verbatim, or, yeah, man, it's a fair question.

Speaker 1  22:04
It has plenty of false reasoning. I had. I run into stuff really often that is just like, you know, it just is off the wall. Had it happened just a couple weeks ago? And I can't remember what the answer was, but, like, it really just made something up a year or two ago, when I first started playing with playing with it, I had this math problem. This is bizarre, but here we go. So I'm a soul I'm a sole proprietor. I pay myself, so to speak, which literally, you know, in the eyes of the IRS, there's no such thing as pay myself, because, right? It's all me, and there's profit, and I, you know, it's either a legitimate tax expense or it's my profit. It's all the same, right? But nonetheless, I have my business account write checks over to my personal account, so I have credit card debt, and the way I pay tithes is, when I pull money from my business to my personal I tithe on that. Okay, if I pull it out of my business, I It's because I might be spending it on a contractor or bit of software tomorrow, right? I don't, I don't tithe based on some random line on a P, L, I literally tithe on what I write to my personal account. Okay, so then I have some credit cards I wanted to pay off, which you helped me do, by the way, with true point, I got most of my credit cards paid off. And so thank you very much. And so I had the following, if I, and I was asking chat, GPT this, I have the following cards with the following interest rates and and certain, I'm trying to think it was, it was like slightly complex, but not too bad. And I was trying to get it to tell me which cards, which things I should pay off, the first, like given a certain amount of money or whatever, with goal being to pay the least amount of interest and and wrap it all up as soon as possible. And I kept telling it to in its in its figures, to remember that anytime? Oh, that's what it was. Three of them were business cards, and I don't pay tithe on those, and the rest were personal. And so I was telling you calculate like, what I should spend money on first, bearing in mind that if it's card, you know, D, D, E or F, that there's an additional 10% fee. I didn't tell it tied because I didn't want it to work, just additional 10% fee. And no matter what I told it, it could not even begin to get a grip on the of interest rate plus another 10% so what it

Matthias Miller  24:53
can't do? I mean, it can't do that, but if you would have told it, please write a Python script, and here are the guidelines. And then totally okay, go double check your logic and does this work? And are you sure? And have it show my show your work, and then, you know, evaluate the whatever. I mean, it's like being the micromanager, but having it right write Python scripts, so that type of thing I found highly productive, and it can write and run them like I had. I posted one on on Facebook, some kind of weird riddle, and it couldn't solve it by itself. But when I said, please write it, I just posted the picture. It's handwritten. Posted the picture and say, Please write a Python script solve this. Boom, got the right answer.

Speaker 1  25:35
It's fascinating. Wonder why it's like it has universes. Well,

Matthias Miller  25:43
yeah, I mean, it is partially universes, and it's also like it's optimized for words and and, I mean, you know, fuzzy communication, meaning not facts and information, yeah. And so, I mean, it's kind of like a human. I mean, like most humans, at least, maybe not engineers who like to solve problems like this.

Speaker 1  26:12
But anyway, anyway, so, okay,

Unknown Speaker  26:15
so, I mean, it

Matthias Miller  26:17
is a fair question. So, so point taken. What process can we implement through AI to verify that what it's spitting out the final transcript? Can we have some kind of independent peer review that says we need you to I mean, what is it? Is it directly quote the source material and location for each of the points that you're establishing and making.

Speaker 1  26:52
Yeah, and I'm thinking that I don't know. I'm just thinking like you could have a workflow where it's looking for certain parameters. I don't, I don't know what those would be like. Didn't, didn't confuse topics or right? You know, sheds don't fly and they are delivered on trucks. Yeah, I don't know what it would be. But, well, I mean,

Matthias Miller  27:14
I think the worst case, most of that stuff, I can read myself and be like, yeah, that's, I think the worst thing would be, let me not pitch something as Eric's idea. When he said we should have, I mean, it tried doing this. He has seven qualification questions. It tried reducing it down to three, because I said 8020 this stuff. And then I said, Yeah, but one of my scores is relevant is, is accuracy to source material and said, oops, can't do that. Back to seven questions. Yeah. So, I mean, the thing I'm most, most concerned about is that we don't, probably that there's not some kind of sales related advice. That sounds right, but isn't actually true to what Eric

Speaker 1  28:00
taught that's a great point, yep, yep, yep, which might mean that you have to manually distill Eric's main Well, yeah, I don't know. Obviously we're trying to avoid manual work, but maybe you have to distill some core fundamentals of what Eric stated, especially anything that contradicts common sales advice.

Matthias Miller  28:24
Yeah. I mean, I think I have a knowledge of most but one of the things that stood out this is where I have to review it. I think it's the last mile, really, but it's like he had three categories, like hot leads this week and like long term and just go double check. I think he probably talked about it, but I don't specifically remember that's something to double check and just see. So anyway,

Matthias Miller  28:54
are you still I'm still walking. I can start heading back to my office, if that would be useful when

Speaker 1  29:01
you get there. I do have a couple of questions about Facebook ads that would be immensely helpful. Yep, running your screen

Matthias Miller  29:08
giving you about five to 10.

Speaker 1  29:10
No problem on that. So, yep, so, and I hope I'm not distracting you from memorizing whatever you learned at RT today. No, you're not. Did you have a session today? It's tomorrow. Yours is tomorrow. Would you like to go over your hot seat? Doc, at all? I noticed you marked a lot of my comments or suggestions. Is done and didn't particularly utilize them. It didn't look like, yeah, you're right. If it helps to talk anything through, I'm here for it.

Matthias Miller  29:42
I mean, the the outline will be your story. How do we get there? But what's the RT goal that we agreed on? And I.

Matthias Miller  30:00
I guess in my mind, well, in my mind, the big thing to adapt is, is there a different ask that I should be making

Unknown Speaker  30:19
great question. Yep,

Matthias Miller  30:24
I still think when it comes to agency stuff, getting something like this guy, Devin to fly and do lunch and learns is probably one of the most likely, or even if we could pay him for three months this summer to hop in a truck and drive coast to coast and chat with as many of them as you can.

Unknown Speaker  30:52
I like it.

Matthias Miller  30:53
And I mean, what would it? I don't know what it would cost. I don't know what he's making now. I don't know what he'd want for it, but Kim were an equivalent. I don't want to do it. I doubt you do. Oh, but give him a box of 1000 bucks along the way, or something I don't know, shoot podcast videos with everybody,

Speaker 1  31:17
absolutely, or that thing Dennis you does as part of his dollar a day, where he's just constantly putting out content of himself with other people. It does all sorts of things, but it inserts a social proof. And then part of his thing is that then, so like, if you and I, we should have done this, and we were together in Dallas, by the way, if we take a little selfie, so to speak, more video together, then we both go home and we both post it to our separate social media. Now, in Dennis's case, if you do that with you know people literally all the time, then you end up with people talking about you all the time, right?

Matthias Miller  31:58
Well, okay, but why can't we do this with i What's the AI solution? Like, how could we come up with an absolute endless flow of content ideas by which we could post in a flood of reels? I uh, like, what would it take to become the most extremely, the most possibly prolific marketer that actually provides value for these guys?

Speaker 1  32:34
I think that's an awesome question for the RT group. I'm gonna make a note RT, or even Scott

Matthias Miller  32:40
Shang, I've got, okay,

Speaker 1  32:42
yeah, access to him an AI, yep. What would it take to become the most possibly prolific? How did you order that? So,

Matthias Miller  32:56
Mark, yeah, I guess, marketer, influencer. I mean, I uh, call me simplistic. Seems to me like retargeting, pixel and website. I like direct mail campaign to sign up for the rest of the story, click here, um, put some on an autoresponder and then pixels them and, and then you have retargeting, or you can build off the list as well, I guess.

Speaker 1  33:36
Yep, absolutely, yeah, that for sure we want to be doing that definitely.

Matthias Miller  33:43
And so getting out of brainstorm mode though, like we have four days before the end of the month, or whatever, three, I don't know what it is to execute on our postcards and our lumpy mail. And I don't know why this seems so complicated, but why would we not do a self addressed, stamped envelope, window envelope, build a PDF template. I mean, I can write a little bit of Python code. And I know I shouldn't do this long term, but you could generate GHL short links that puts triggers in the in the in the CRM, send out letter number one in what looks like a an invoice envelope with the story and a QR code for the rest of the story,

Matthias Miller  34:47
with an email, opt in.

Speaker 1  34:50
I love it. Can you just like say that out loud at RT and get because supposedly, one of the thing about RT is you get feedback and impressions from the other members, right? Right? Is that real, right? Yes. And you just like, say that what you just said there out loud to the room, and then say, like, or anything else, somebody who's done direct mail, tell me what's going to work here, yeah. Or what you've seen work Yep. There's got to be at least one guy in the room that's done mail, or lumpy mail, or postcards or something, and can say, Oh, I tried X, Y and Z, and it worked great. Or, you know, whatever.

Matthias Miller  35:26
Well, I mean, I'm there's also just again, maybe I'm thinking about the wrong way in the room because I'm virtual. Sometimes it's hard to capitalize on it, but, but there's also just pinging McGee. There's also David Foley. And saying, David, here's an idea. What do you? Can you?

Unknown Speaker  35:52
Yeah, why not? Sounds good to me,

Matthias Miller  35:56
but I can. I can? I?

Unknown Speaker  36:09
I lose you think I'm I'm

Matthias Miller  36:10
here, I'm here. I'm switching back to my laptop.

Unknown Speaker  36:22
All right?

Speaker 1  36:24
I think the key with the postcard is, this is the classic first date analogy. I'm not sure that you send a postcard to a shed dealer who's never heard of you that says, Buy my lead gen services, right? I'm just going to guess that does. It might work, but that's that Chet Holmes triangle, right? Like maybe 1% or half a percent of people are actually going to respond to that. So I think, but, but I don't know if I'm right. I think that you send something much more helpful, informational, valuable. I'm not really doing the give value. First thing that gets old fast, but something, something that brings them into the loop. I think the story idea is awesome. I do wonder if I just literally wish we knew if it's good enough, or is it better to go somewhere in the middle with an offer that's like, like, I don't know. I literally don't know. I wish somebody who's done well. I mean,

Matthias Miller  37:31
the free marketplace leads, like, the one point X million free leads thing exactly,

Speaker 1  37:37
or a free training or the or the this 21 day sprint or coaching. I know everything I've ever received in the mail from Perry was coaching related, but then again, Perry kind of runs a coaching company, so I guess it just naturally happened. Maybe, maybe that wasn't a decision. Maybe that was just what happened. But I guess what I'm getting at is what kind of offer is the most likely to have a decent uptake and then lead to sales in the medium run. Okay? Well, let's try this. I of

Speaker 1  38:28
course, there's no reason we can't try everything under the sun. It's just that it takes time and money, right?

Unknown Speaker  38:42
Where does Devin live

Matthias Miller  38:45
in my area?

Speaker 1  38:50
So the first one of these could be held in your area almost immediately. You could schedule it for mid February, late February, and send out postcards for a meet and greet event, and literally, just rush that and see how it goes and see if the postcards actually help or work.

Unknown Speaker  39:16
My only, how many did

Matthias Miller  39:19
you? Did you scrape those leads? I

Speaker 1  39:21
am, I'm literally down three states left, and I'm going to have, I hope, to have all that done this evening. Do

Matthias Miller  39:28
you have the Colorado leads? Andy,

Unknown Speaker  39:32
just give me one second, and I will answer that with precision. I

Speaker 1  39:43
um Dias this year, scraped others, um, ah, they're on my other computer. Hang on, though. I will get them here in a few minutes. We'll just take just a tiny bit to get them here. I.

Matthias Miller  40:07
Oh, these guys would eat up some kind of AI analysis on their competition. I

Unknown Speaker  40:36
What are you asking? Chat, GPT there. So I'm

Matthias Miller  40:39
starting with launching dragnell campaign. He said he lives in business. Business owners, you will be offering them anything to get them to raise their hands to court, offering different ways to grow their business, marketing, sales, training, community, etc. But you do come with different ideas of a postcard that will get these people into opt into my list. What ideas do you have based on likelihood of success When mailed out interest level By the target market. I

Matthias Miller  41:53
now, I don't know if this is the right standards, but it's a start, at least,

Speaker 1  42:01
maybe, maybe you could take this to RT and say, here's my idea. So far as anybody in the room who's actually done this have feedback. I

Matthias Miller  42:19
mean, of course, double your shed sales in 90 days is going to get attention. Say, again, of course, double, double your shed sales in 90 days is going to get attention,

Speaker 1  42:30
okay? And I like that, okay. But, but, but what is that? Is that an event, an online event, a course, a info product, a video training series.

Matthias Miller  42:42
Let's see what it says, free sales and training community, inclusive invitation to our 90 day shed sales accelerator.

Unknown Speaker  42:57
Okay, that matches your sprint pretty well, doesn't it?

Matthias Miller  42:59
It does it's longer than I like.

Unknown Speaker  43:05
No problem. Change 90 to 21 you're done.

Matthias Miller  43:09
Double it in 21 Are you

Speaker 1  43:12
uncomfortable with double? Just turn double. Just simply turn double to boost later on that that is, you remember that Glenn Livingston thing about test screams, not whispers. That's a whisper double in 90 or boost in 21 we can start with boost in 21 later on, run Another series of cars. Well, let's do this, though.

Matthias Miller  43:36
Um,

Unknown Speaker  44:12
I stop it

Unknown Speaker  44:18
into your screen for the

Matthias Miller  44:19
Moment. Oh, I accidentally totally did just redo. I

Matthias Miller  45:05
Right, results will vary based on that.

Unknown Speaker  45:16
Well, it's a head turner.

Speaker 1  45:19
I'm trying to get these Colorado files, and I'm on a laptop. I can only see one. No problem, just telling you I can't see what you're looking at. No worries, Colorado. I just happened there. This is

Matthias Miller  45:35
New Folder color, by the way. I have a private meeting where I'm limited to, like, I think, 12 guests or something like that in Colorado Springs that I have a deposit for, a non refundable deposit for, but I can keep moving the date to rent it right one too. So if we want to use it for this, we absolutely could cool you.

Speaker 1  46:03
Okay, totally raw, unfiltered, unsorted. Where's the link? Share, Copy Link. Okay, I just uploaded them into that Google Drive folder you previously made. Here comes the link. Enchanty Colorado. Scraped leads are here now, if you want, I can clean them up for a minute in chat GPT and get you something better than that, or whatever.

Matthias Miller  46:40
Just trying to find out what cheering

Unknown Speaker  46:53
I don't have. I'm not seeing city in here.

Speaker 1  47:01
City is literally, literally does not come down with that scraper. I don't know why the I did notice that the landline remover actually adds the city.

Unknown Speaker  47:14
Interesting.

Unknown Speaker  47:21
Sheds to find out where they're at, Delta.

Unknown Speaker  47:37
JB, where are you at? I

Unknown Speaker  47:45
Colorado Springs, mile high, probably Denver.

Matthias Miller  47:56
I just, I get here, here's, here's the potential challenge with this, which Talking about, okay, well, let's play around with This. I

Matthias Miller  49:58
I mean, you can. Use it to i

Unknown Speaker  50:27
Wow, this is pretty in depth.

Speaker 1  50:42
What, what is it talking about? And looking at your zoom screen for

Matthias Miller  50:45
a moment, it's looking at different personas. It created 10 different personas and detailed out different perspectives from each one. I

Unknown Speaker  52:00
interesting.

Speaker 1  52:10
Trying to sort and clean This collection of CSVs quickly. I

Unknown Speaker  53:58
speaking of AI, Even on the Spot.

Unknown Speaker  54:05
Let's see here.

Matthias Miller  54:36
I mean, the answer could just be repel people who are concerned about holding the cards too close to their chest.

Speaker 1  54:45
Okay, so not bad. You.

Matthias Miller  55:21
It's really an interesting idea. If you bundle it with private one on one coaching, so they can have conversations behind closed Doors. It may help. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  56:46
you know? I mean, this is getting closer.

Matthias Miller  56:56
Okay, we should probably get to your Facebook ads before it gets too late, before I need to disappear. You said you have the chat, chat, GPT stuff or not.

Unknown Speaker  57:12
Are you referring to the doc?

Matthias Miller  57:14
Sorry, no, I'm referring to the lead list. Lead almost.

Speaker 1  57:19
I'm just going to do one more process. I'm going to tell it to de duplicate.

Matthias Miller  57:31
I mean, the challenge is, I think there's only maybe a dozen companies

Unknown Speaker  57:34
now, there's more.

Speaker 1  57:40
Oh, in area. What am I? My area? Pointed out that this there

Speaker 1  57:53
in your area, that probably is true. Why is this thing missing cities? I've done this on two different computers, and I know for a fact, let's try this One more time, see if I've done something wrong I'm

Speaker 1  58:54
it really honestly did not pull and never has pulled city or zip. How are we going to find that data in a hurry?

Unknown Speaker  59:12
We would

Matthias Miller  59:40
I'm going to guess it'll take Google Maps API with the URLs,

Speaker 1  59:57
curious or chat GPT can do. It let me just see I'm

Speaker 1  1:00:27
five three, there's 33 so just as an example, there's 33 in Colorado as a whole.

Matthias Miller  1:00:37
Okay, it's possible to get the latitude and longitude and use The Google Geocoding API to do a

Unknown Speaker  1:00:43
reverse geocode i

Speaker 1  1:01:23
I'm asking chat GPT if it can add the city and zip itself, and it is at least pretending that it can

Unknown Speaker  1:01:35
interesting.

Speaker 1  1:01:36
I have prepared the data with placeholders. I will now look up to right sure steps to obtain this, sign up for a Google Cloud account and get a Google Maps API key. Bummer. So basically, no,

Matthias Miller  1:02:00
well, I mean, but will it so it's just telling you what you need to do. I think I have a

Speaker 1  1:02:08
how do I share with you? I have no idea how this works. There doesn't seem to be a Share function. I

Unknown Speaker  1:02:21
think I have an old API key that I could use

Unknown Speaker  1:02:29
services, PNG, API key.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:41
Let me try that. Let me

Speaker 1  1:03:06
kind of paste what it said into chanting, in case it's of any interest.

Matthias Miller  1:03:16
I actually have a Python script that I could please amend this To read from the first column of a CSV. I

Unknown Speaker  1:04:14
Okay, okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:09
Just do This to

Unknown Speaker  1:05:52
I did not work. I

Unknown Speaker  1:07:02
So Note that I

Matthias Miller  1:08:16
one thing I hate About pythons for restrictions,

Unknown Speaker  1:08:28
Let's do this.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:41
My VPN.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:51
Save Show Key. Let's get this key

Matthias Miller  1:08:59
by default. I would prefer if I don't know how much you remember back from your curating days, but I would prefer if chat GPT would throw, just let all exceptions throw, it get thrown, so they see when the script fails and how it fails. And it's very bad at doing that. All right. So if you can the bottom line is, I have an API key. I have a little Python script that can let me do it easiest way. Let's see what needs to I mean, if you, if you want to combine it all into a single file,

Speaker 1  1:09:38
I have a single file now, by the way, hey, cleaned up and all. Let me just add that

Unknown Speaker  1:09:48
CSV, CSV,

Speaker 1  1:09:59
and then. And I'm going to drag and drop this T in a separate folder so it's a little more

Unknown Speaker  1:10:08
make one minor shift to this where I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:10:23
And you have this maintained following the original CSV. I

Speaker 1  1:10:40
i select the link in candy,

Unknown Speaker  1:10:54
acceptable exchanges and

Speaker 2  1:11:03
attitude, longitude, you're just going to raise here.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:21
Hetero, row. Okay, download this as input, dot CSV, going to go into the folder

Speaker 2  1:11:48
here we're gonna jump in The new input file, replace.

Speaker 2  1:12:01
Oh, you moved your column. URL is now column one, all right, all right, no worries.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:21
No euro is not That's 1012345, Next five. I'm

Matthias Miller  1:13:33
not how good this stuff is. Okay? So we have the mr. Cash file. I and

Matthias Miller  1:13:59
then we can, I mean, just like, literally, in 30 seconds added, okay, wait, why am I only seeing?

Matthias Miller  1:14:20
Oh, this is only Colorado. I thought you're gonna shoot show me everything. Okay, fine. And

Speaker 1  1:14:25
it's, I will. It's gonna take me literally a few hours to process it all correctly. It, the way it comes down from that scraper, is kind of a mess, and it's in chunks, so I gotta clean and

Matthias Miller  1:14:36
merge. Are they all in the same format? Or no,

Speaker 1  1:14:40
they're actually not so it injects a lot of random noise into the columns. I'm not a fairly low quality tool like the actual output is pretty gross,

Matthias Miller  1:14:52
and we shouldn't be using something like API or something I

Speaker 1  1:14:55
have no idea. Talk to me. I'm not that smart. Um,

Matthias Miller  1:15:03
this API has

Unknown Speaker  1:15:12
Google Maps scraper here. Let's do this. Go

Matthias Miller  1:15:42
the search terms. What are the search terms use? Right up i

Speaker 1  1:16:07
I've used those and added the state names to each one.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:17
I wonder if we can I

Matthias Miller  1:16:33
and I have no idea i

Matthias Miller  1:16:56
i Just try this and see, and we don't, I mean, it's not super expensive, I don't Think, but

Matthias Miller  1:17:20
the other option too is I

Speaker 1  1:17:43
there was that tool from Carsten as well. I was part two, hoping to get everything he had for sheds out of there and see if we could be merged into this in some way. Do recall that the point of this is we were simply trying to get phone numbers and get moving in GHL initially. Right?

Matthias Miller  1:18:03
So, I mean, here's Dirksen. That's, that's a good one, tough shed. I mean, they're not really relevant. Auto corral, cars, Walmart, ace, I mean, yeah, they probably sell it. Director supply, ABC, shed, that looks like a legit one, boy, they need help, but they should hire us for us, barnyard plots, Mini Storage, probably not Bitter Root sheds, delta is quite the name, Ted sheds, DM, Dirksen Pegasus, bottom products, cyber structures,

Unknown Speaker  1:18:48
and still cranking.

Matthias Miller  1:18:57
Now we see shed yard, shed crafters, Colorado, custom sheds

Speaker 1  1:19:04
could use in me the link that just came to your email box from cold info.com scraper i

Unknown Speaker  1:19:23
Well,

Unknown Speaker  1:19:29
not here yet. I

Matthias Miller  1:19:56
that's definitely a some kind of Mennonite operation. I.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:00
You can, kind of recognize it can't you

Unknown Speaker  1:20:05
can,

Unknown Speaker  1:20:13
yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:20:15
I mean, this is cranking some

Matthias Miller  1:20:28
I wonder if I can change this to

Unknown Speaker  1:20:39
we can put a password on this and give you access. Let's see if I actually have military set password. I'm

Speaker 2  1:21:17
You gotta be kidding me. You're gonna do that to me. Scott, it won't let me paste like, literally, oh, it won't let me enter it.

Unknown Speaker  1:21:39
Like, reset my password. Let's disconnect.

Speaker 1  1:21:49
I'm gonna pull unless you've already done this, I'm in that other tool that Carsten sent, the one that's supposedly the big list of everything, Yep, got 6800 records that match the word shed, and I'm getting, what am I getting? I'm getting persons, name, person, email, person, phone company, name, city, state. Oh, this is not all us either. Okay, I'll add country an email. I'm not seeing street address. Aha, some you win, some you lose, no street address. And try that again. Address, street, literally, this does not contain i

Unknown Speaker  1:22:45
i can't register organization.

Matthias Miller  1:22:59
Hopefully you don't start charging me for this

Speaker 1  1:23:03
pretty small you're referring to, like Google API, key stuff,

Unknown Speaker  1:23:07
API, if I know

Unknown Speaker  1:23:12
the

Matthias Miller  1:23:15
So, here's my organization numbers. I

Matthias Miller  1:23:30
access? Okay, I gave you access to my API if I

Matthias Miller  1:23:49
I mean, here it's got.

Unknown Speaker  1:24:00
These are high end.

Matthias Miller  1:24:09
Yeah, I don't know if this is a dead end or not, but, well, I gotta, I gotta hop over and start getting ready for bike ride home, and I can call you like on my way. I mean, we can keep talking on my way home.

Speaker 1  1:24:25
Can we go over one quick thing with the sheds? Can you go to the I forgotten the company name, but your your Colorado?

Unknown Speaker  1:24:36
Oh, yeah, yep.

Speaker 1  1:24:39
And let me open that Doc. I have that Doc open already. Where's that?

Unknown Speaker  1:24:45
Ah, too

Speaker 1  1:24:49
many windows, too many tabs. Here we go. Um, can you go to the campaign whose name is? Mean something main ad campaign.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:15
I And would you be okay sharing screen on that, or is that a no go?

Unknown Speaker  1:25:30
All of that, the main ad campaign. Oh, yeah. Oh, can

Speaker 1  1:25:35
you go right back where you were? So my first question is, what is it doing? Okay, it's just views, and I scroll to the left, are those views resulting in anything like is something else being tracked that's beyond just landing page view? Okay, so that's a really key part of their strategy, and we almost missed that. That's part of why I asked the question. So that is probably even though they're not literally doing remarketing that's building up their audience and their whole page. Add Content engagement, and I don't think it's so go ahead and click on there. Can I record this? Oh, you're recording anyway. Can I have this recording when you're done? Yeah, let me just add my fathom. It's gonna be faster for everyone. COVID, right. Link, fathom. Where are you? And meeting my Fathom in orders, joining, looking for hosts. That's interesting. There it is, okay. And then again, now the fathoms here to scroll right so I can see some link, click CTR, and nothing is actually being tracked here. Open, customize your column, please. So, so yes, right there. Customized down at the very bottom, very bottom of that menu. Scroll way down to conversions. It's kind of in the middle of all this stuff. There you go. Yep. Anything makes sense here. What do we got? Leads, anything turn Yeah, just turn them all on real quick. Levels, locations, I guess that's all you got. Let's turn that on, see if there's any data at all, and scroll left again.

Matthias Miller  1:27:35
We can do all time here. This matters,

Speaker 1  1:27:39
or a lot of time would help you cost, really, okay, so literally, it's claiming no leads, but that's because it's only tracking lead forms, so that's fine. Okay. Now, please click on that, yep, and in here. Okay, edit, click Edit on that, just so I can see the settings. It is maximized number of landing page views, keep going. And budget, schedule, nothing set there. The whole state. Okay, there is some detail targeting that's helpful. No language set. That's a question I had keep going on down. All good. And now let's look at the ad. Looks like there's exactly one ad. And what is this ad showing? Looking for a storage it's a carousel that's important. All good, just so actually,

Matthias Miller  1:28:27
going straight to their three it's going to this page. Is that good? Is that working? 3d visualizer? I don't know. I have no idea, nothing.

Speaker 1  1:28:38
We know one thing for sure, it's not being tracked. That's an improvement we could do for Yoder. Is this Yoder? Yeah, is it? It's not the other Yoder, it's,

Matthias Miller  1:28:51
no, I mean, it's the one, it's the one that I'm no longer with them, but it's the one I had been working with,

Speaker 1  1:28:55
okay, but this is the one that works with the cheap leads and all right, okay, primary text, yeah, scroll on down. Through here they are using the AI generated text that's interesting. Um, keep on. Keep coming on down. Please. You need on a copy and paste. It's fine. And the website link again, that right there. See more URLs going to that? Oh, that's going to the home page. Okay, home page, and they do have URL parameters. They can spare themselves a lot of pain by putting dynamic values in there, but that's okay. They're not managing this anyway. Okay, that was very helpful. If we could pop back over to the lead form, yeah, close is exactly right. There's nothing we'll Yeah, exactly. Yep, discard. And then back to campaigns. Form, ads, campaign, yep, same thing. Let's look at the ads in there. There's just two. What is the actual difference between these? Nothing, nothing meaningful.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:59
Looking for issues. I have no idea what the difference

Matthias Miller  1:30:04
is. I literally have no idea what the difference is. I mean, I think I it's going to the same lead form.

Speaker 1  1:30:09
Can you go back to the Can you scroll down again and just a little more slowly? And then I won't have to actually have more questions. I

Speaker 1  1:30:32
Okay, very last thing, go back to the so right here on that inner nav bar, go up to the forms campaign, right, yeah, yes, right there, yep. Is dynamic. I scroll down a little See, I don't think you can see this. After you try the ad set, I'm looking for the dynamic setting. I think it's off, but I'm not sure there is right there. Dynamic is off. Okay, that's it. That's all I need. Thank you very much. Okay, very helpful. Okay, I'll let you go anything else I can. Oh, so regarding the APIs and all that, you want me to do something there you sent me access. I'm looking at my email. Well, I mean, if

Matthias Miller  1:31:13
that's a better way to scrape from your perspective, we could do that. Okay?

Speaker 1  1:31:17
And I just downloaded from Carstens. Where did that file land? 6000 contacts? I'm thinking, surely there's a lot of duplicates. But then again, it appears that this data is coming from LinkedIn, not Google Maps, so it could be an entirely different set of and there's no way to know if it's dealers or not. This could be like the CEOs that, you know, tough sheds or something we don't know, nobody.

Matthias Miller  1:31:50
Yeah, VPs of touch separately aren't going to be helpful.

Speaker 1  1:31:55
That's a great question. I wonder how we're going to figure that out. Okay, well, well,

Matthias Miller  1:32:01
that's where Google Maps data. And I think also getting, I mean, can we also just, I mean, if API, API gets this close enough, maybe we can just do that.

Unknown Speaker  1:32:14
And if not, can we potentially, well, hire somebody off of Upwork.

Speaker 1  1:32:25
Literally, I'm thinking, Yeah, someone, someone would have to just so the good news is, I have the Google Maps link for every row. Hire someone off Upwork, either a to do it, or B to write a script to do it. Maybe there's somebody smart enough to

Unknown Speaker  1:32:41
I can give you based off the script

Matthias Miller  1:32:46
I can I can find the I can reverse geocode all of them.

Unknown Speaker  1:32:52
Sorry, you can what reverse

Unknown Speaker  1:32:53
geocode all of them.

Matthias Miller  1:32:58
Or is there any easy way by looking at the data that you can, that you can, I mean, you could probably pick out, you probably easily write a script to pick out the phone number, right

Speaker 1  1:33:14
audio has gone a little fuzzy on me. You could write a script to pick out the phone number, the phone number and try to go find the city and zip code based on the phone number,

Unknown Speaker  1:33:28
right? Yeah, what

Matthias Miller  1:33:30
are the no or to try to look at the data in there.

Unknown Speaker  1:33:41
And sorry,

Matthias Miller  1:33:44
can I call you back and on the phone in like two minutes?

Unknown Speaker  1:33:47
Sure, yep.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai