Speaker 1  00:29
Joe, can you itch? I

Unknown Speaker  00:43
Testing, testing, okay, yeah, I don't know. I switched my mic and switched it back.

Matthias Miller  00:53
It's I learned the hard way that when I'm pacing in my office talking to Seth, that I should not fidget with my AirPods. Do Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  01:03
there probably are better. I can't hear you. Yeah, guys, hey, sir, hey,

Speaker 2  01:18
well, I'm picking up my vehicle after transmission flush. It doesn't throw a code again. Everything is fine for $220 if it throws a code, then it's a new transmission for five or $6,000 can you tell me which one I'm hoping for?

Matthias Miller  01:36
No code. No codes, please.

Speaker 2  01:43
Oh, I've done vehicles anyway. Well, Matthias Walnut Hills has assigned for for development, and after two years, Wow, and so they're they've grown a lot in the last two years. They're ready to go. So your sales people been telling them, You told us you're getting us a database. Where is that

Matthias Miller  02:14
thing? You could have had it by now,

Speaker 2  02:17
but it looks like pretty straightforward. Simple. He's a practical kind of guy. We're gonna Yeah, and he's got ideas after this we're gonna like him. So I think we've got two high level designs lined out and some more slow in the work. So yeah, things are looking up right now. Great Call with Dwayne. He was just kind of kicking tires making sure I want my 17% out of the credit card fees. I mean, never quite asking me, but yeah, kind of and when I assured him that, yes, I do, then he

Matthias Miller  03:09
was considering that. I mean, when you do the math, considering that he's he's the kind of, the kind of revenue that he's looking at negotiating out of 70% of that seems like,

Unknown Speaker  03:24
yeah. Well,

Speaker 2  03:26
good, yeah. Part of his, part of his question, too, was then, I mean, how much freedom does he have to negotiate prices up or down on rates up and down? I mean, as far as you know, stuff with them, when he's landing deal, I said, Oh, he's that is completely 100% in his court. We do not care. All we care about is our percentage.

Matthias Miller  03:48
So he makes more money, we make more money, and he makes less. We make less than we're here for the ride.

Unknown Speaker  03:55
That's exactly right. We are not, yeah, go ahead.

Matthias Miller  03:58
I don't think I'm allowed, I'm still not allowed to say who it is, but he's bringing a sales guy out here. I know the guy, oh, I don't know real well, but I know, yeah, he's a great dude.

Speaker 2  04:11
Fantastic, fantastic. That is so exciting. The Yeah, anyway, so that's all very encouraging. He's apparently his wife has inherited a whole bunch of Tesla stock, and that's what we're being paid by. So anyway, and he's got a big refund coming from the government after that, that for some kind of tax credit, Employment Credit from covid days. And so he's, you know, he's not trying to run for another 170 but he thinks he's got 170 left before he's going to panic.

Matthias Miller  04:59
So. Oh, okay, rather not have a panic. But yeah, we are in the we are in the throes of this log. Like, yeah, but Yeah, nobody yeah. He said, I'm, I'm officially the point in the top point, 0000, 1% of people who understand RTO so good. Well, that's, that's good. I've been it is nerve wracking to be spending this much of somebody else's money, pre revenue.

Unknown Speaker  05:36
It is, yeah, but

Matthias Miller  05:39
that's not all are not all on us either. So good. Well, where do you want to go today? Do you have an update? Well, I the biggest thing I have, I think, is you mentioned marketing stuff. And I didn't know if you have an update on cyber security

Speaker 2  06:12
insurance or not, Josh is eager to push it off just as long as possible, because he hates all the forms, and it keeps getting harder and harder at Investor tools.

Speaker 1  06:25
So not go ahead. No, I'm sorry, go ahead.

Speaker 2  06:30
Will. He certainly doesn't want to do it for 26 and I think he's just kind of, I mean, he's glad to keep glad to kick it down the road at this point. So

Matthias Miller  06:46
I kind of need to know how long I'm happy to they're funded. They're funded for this year. I'm fine issuing a multi year contract. I need to know whether that's one year or three.

Speaker 2  07:03
Okay, well, now here's a question, does code crafters have to have it? Or just Josh? Do you have any idea? Well, but it hasn't included you too.

Matthias Miller  07:15
Currently, the way it works is that abacus is handling it, yeah, and I'm subbing under them, and I'm covered by their insurance. Now, if, if Josh is, I mean, I would expect that. Yeah, I don't you know if I don't know how peanuts need to work, sure the person who holds the contract has to hold the insurance,

Speaker 1  07:46
sure. Um,

Speaker 2  07:52
because, because John, one thing Josh said is that, you know, it'll be he could, I mean, it'd be a pain, but it won't be the end of the world for him to get insurance on the hosting side of things, but to get code crafters in under the cyber security insurance, it will be, you know, you know, it'll be all the red tape that investor Tools has done for all of code, draft is USA at least.

Unknown Speaker  08:25
Yeah, so the So, let me

Unknown Speaker  08:31
think this through.

Unknown Speaker  08:37
Okay, well, how long do

Matthias Miller  08:44
I listen, they they owe me. They owe me eight grand. I'm giving abacus a 10% admin fee, sure, and I'll gladly take whatever we did. They did a premium subscription. I'll gladly pocket anything I did for the risk I took in the Lean days, but it's not like, but it's not like, you know, it's not like. I am not opposed to saying, Look, you're funded for this. You can be self hosted. I really wish Josh would say, I mean, okay, Josh has been pushing to get us off,

Unknown Speaker  09:24
off, off prem,

Matthias Miller  09:26
right? And so, good, okay.

Speaker 2  09:31
Well, one thing is, I mean, Josh does want to get us off prem, but, but I suspect if he knows that he's gonna have to start that. What he'll have to do is start filling out surveys to get you again. Get this client off of frame. He might well. I mean, realistically, how long could we push it out? I Okay. I think the debt, the drop dead date for investor tools clients, is a. Um, September. Everyone is supposed to, and you know this is going to get fudged, but everyone is supposed to be self hosted by September of 20 is September of 27 or September? George, you saw the email, didn't you? Or did

Unknown Speaker  10:16
you? Yeah, I was thinking it comes out in 2828

Unknown Speaker  10:20
that sounds right So,

Unknown Speaker  10:24
but, I mean,

Unknown Speaker  10:27
yeah, October, if you

Speaker 2  10:29
would do a system update just a bit before, if you would do a system update just a bit before that point, and I'm fixed down that thing. I mean, I kind of feel like we, I think we could run it until 2030 quite frankly. And I, I think Josh would if we're not doing this for new clients. I think, I mean, the real scare is going to be once, once we can't run on Windows anymore, which isn't going to, I mean, which I'm not sure at what point that will actually be so,

Matthias Miller  11:14
so we could, but it would be very comfortable to say, it's extremely comfortable to say, Okay, I'm nervous about going much past 28 because if they say, Hey, can we change this or that?

Speaker 1  11:27
Then I don't know. Maybe we can. I'm not sure, right, right? That is true,

Matthias Miller  11:35
but I would be comfortable saying, Look, guys, we're going to do, we're going to do a deal with you. And here's what it's going to be. We're going to,

Unknown Speaker  11:47
well, we're going to, okay, this is

Matthias Miller  11:52
20 520-627-2084, years,

Unknown Speaker  11:57
two grand a year. We'll do a, we'll do a

Matthias Miller  12:02
blanket purchase agreement and an invoice for a four year contract for four years of self hosting with node, with no development. It's and only basic support, like, like, just to keep it running. And if you want more, then we'll, we'll, I mean, we can certainly increase the we can still do, keep doing blanket purchase agreements, so that they can easily ask us to do things with that with less hassle, sure, basically approved funding. But that's like the that is like the the sweetheart deal and and then they can determine their budget based off feel like, I should probably actually charge something. I should probably charge the equivalent of what, what hosting, at a minimum, what hosting is going to be, and maybe maintenance would be on. How big was the system?

Unknown Speaker  13:10
Let's go for now.

Unknown Speaker  13:16
Actually, let's go to Pam.

Unknown Speaker  13:30
Echo, two, Walker

Unknown Speaker  13:45
and a track sign

Unknown Speaker  13:58
of return task order

Matthias Miller  14:02
sign proposed. Proposal and pricing

Unknown Speaker  14:06
we had said the full development

Matthias Miller  14:17
was 28 was 2027 750,

Speaker 2  14:22
that okay, so say, and we've done a bit since then. So say, 35 total since then, you should be charging minimum of 12% just for maintenance. So 35 times 12 is about 4000 a year. 4000 is the minimum you should charge for maintenance on the system and and he I mean four to five. Five. Probably hosting is we currently charge 175

Matthias Miller  15:07
but you can decide what you want to do, plus test system, plus user fees.

Unknown Speaker  15:13
Test System is included in the 175 okay.

Matthias Miller  15:20
And then, okay, I wonder what the I was just in there today, but wonder what their user count. The user counts pretty might, I don't know what their user count ends up being. Sure I

Matthias Miller  15:47
um, I mean, so realistically, even even new pricing we are looking at for, you know, minimum, absolute minimum five grand a year by the time you include hosting. Actually, not even that hosting is going to be we're not that much above what, what? No.

Unknown Speaker  16:18
Okay. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  16:23
well, it might just be, here's my last check from them. Cover two years, and if they want to do something beyond that, we'll move them to hosting. And if not, they'll,

Unknown Speaker  16:35
know, leave something else. So So

Unknown Speaker  16:40
have they paid already for 26

Unknown Speaker  16:44
they have

Matthias Miller  16:52
they have not paid. They're funded for 26 but haven't paid. I see, so you're thinking of offering two years beyond that, then no 26 and 27 i Seven? Well, I don't know, maybe 2627 22 or three years?

Speaker 2  17:07
Yeah, yeah, sure. I mean, I would not be scared to offer them three years.

Unknown Speaker  17:14
So, I mean, it

Matthias Miller  17:19
could be we'll have different administration in by then. And mean, yeah, it's kind

Matthias Miller  17:31
of what it comes down to, I understand.

Unknown Speaker  17:35
Yeah, okay, good, okay.

Speaker 2  17:48
So, so, yeah, I think I would. I mean, whether you want to go for 2627 or go through 26 through 28 let's do self hosted for those and then, and then go from there. So, yep, yep,

Speaker 1  18:04
that give you what you need. Yep, gives you what I need. Fantastic. Okay, I'm

Speaker 3  18:40
said, I am so happy to have him on board.

Matthias Miller  18:47
You're really quiet, by the way. I don't know if it's

Speaker 4  18:50
you me, yeah, he suddenly became much more quiet for me too. Just a

Unknown Speaker  18:54
second here, huh?

Unknown Speaker  18:57
I don't know why I can talk loud.

Unknown Speaker  19:01
It's better now. Okay. Is

Unknown Speaker  19:05
that okay? Matthias, yeah, I think so.

Speaker 3  19:08
I am so happy to have you on board. Hey, he has, let me just

Matthias Miller  19:16
show you what he's done so far.

Speaker 3  19:21
He's motivated. Oh, and he's good at this, and he's, I, yeah, I think, I think I'm just going to need to keep ahead of him. That's basically what it is. But take a look at, okay, there's that one. Um, first discovery call. So he's going back and listening to recordings and putting together discovery calls and then, and we're redoing the template then, oh, let me put it in signal for you. So in case you want to later on.

Unknown Speaker  19:58
So. Joel Matthias.

Speaker 3  20:11
So there's that one, and then he also has a template that we could take a look at. But I

Speaker 3  20:42
and we talked about, I mean, I'd like to get you all's feedback on what kinds of things we want to include going forward we are. I mean, this is more what he used to do, which is just kind of a call summary. And I'd like to have it be more of a sales pitch, kind of, but on the um, on the the if you look into the discovery Call Report, and I think I'll probably also get, I mean, maybe see if there's ways we can get Rosewood to Gus up and still keep it either. I mean, still keep it in a template on visuals, the on the about, I kind of thinking of having both about the company and then about about code crafters and and I don't know if these are the right categories, but business need desired outcome, or what would success look like? Not sure what that would be called. There's probably a details. You know, I see, well, maybe that's another proposed solution. I mean, there's also maybe a Details section with just kind of everything we heard from them that we want to repeat back to them so they know that we were listening, right? And then A and I don't know that should be that should be, should be in the proposed solution.

Matthias Miller  22:05
I was wondering if you want a shorter proposed solution and then like, like, in additional details. It's like the, let's get in the weeds. Sure.

Speaker 3  22:14
And would you do the proposed solution first, or the additional details to say we've heard you. Here's what you were saying. You're needing

Matthias Miller  22:22
no big, big picture down into the weed size, my instinct, but okay,

Speaker 3  22:32
additional details, and then recommended next steps, right? And do you like business need, or is there a better term for that and desired outcome? I

Matthias Miller  22:56
think it makes sense. Okay.

Speaker 1  22:59
Oh. Yeah.

Speaker 3  23:08
So anyway, man, could never do this for he just likes this kind of thing.

Matthias Miller  23:17
I think, oh yeah, he does. And he loves the thrill of, like, not even the thrill of the chase. It's the thrill of the push. I mean, come on, guys like you can I drag across finish life?

Unknown Speaker  23:30
Yep, lovely, lovely.

Speaker 3  23:36
We had a nice call this morning with so it's this one here. I guess it's good enough for to hand that off. Then I might have him do another one. Then I might send it over to Rosewood to say, Hey, do you have any feedback? Or, you know, how would you put this together then? Or, you know, in something that we could do in Word, or whatever. The had a nice call with Tim this morning, Joel and I about Ben's role. So several things that I do think taking sales off of Ben's plate will just clear his will help clear his brain. But when we talked about it, I think part of what I realized is, I mean, there's a fair bit that he does, but he's, he's functioning as a junior CRA, Junior CRA, a customer service person or CRM, whatever you know, if you manage him, if you tell him what to do, then he doesn't and cheerfully, he's glad to be an assistant, but, but we're kind of paying, you know, mid 50s for something that I'd like to pay lower 40s for and but I see, I mean, what I realized is, if we would split out customer service over here, design over there, TMS actually should be closer to the dev side than to in some ways, then I mean, design really is a dev function. I mean, even if it's. Yeah, and if, if we get, if, if, if, Ben would take over where he's he's self motivated, and he drives a customer service side. He says, Okay, here's the things I need from dev, you know, please give this to me. I'm pushing on that and, and he's self motivated, and Tim's not dragging him along. Then I actually think, I actually, you know, he could move from junior to mid and from then, eventually from mid to senior, but it's really just a question, and I think it's not a, I mean, he might need coaching and how to do that, but it's not a, does he have the skills to be a, to be a good CRM, it's, can we, can he get himself over the finish line on that? And can we help him do so? But I think it's just, it was super helpful to put into words. I actually think he's kind of, he's pretty decent as a junior CRM where someone else is bossing him around. But that's not really what we're needing in this role, or not long term.

Matthias Miller  26:09
So and a lot of the the ongoing, recurring issue that I keep hearing tell me, if I'm raised, is just self self motivation?

Speaker 3  26:22
Yeah, I think so and so the well, and Tim really, diet likes working with other people. I mean, so, but,

Speaker 4  26:39
but he said, Tim, I didn't quite get the following word, likes,

Speaker 3  26:44
really likes working with having been in the office in general, although he said, as I mean, at this point it would, I mean he and he really thinks that, well, first of all, their family is conflict avoidant. And so he has not been bringing things up with Ben, okay, well, that's not fair. And so the So, if things don't change, then I think Tim would, would probably be willing to work alone. And But if, but if, but he's, I think he thinks that things actually could change. So and I don't know if it can or not. They're both driving an hour a day to work together, but they're only doing it three days. I mean, they say four days a week, but it usually turns into almost three days a week because this person, this kid's sick or, you know, whatever. I don't think Ben should work to work at home very much, and I don't know if I need to tell him, You all just need a plan to be in the office five days a week, knowing that it's going to drop to four days a week. I also told Tim their lease is coming up for renewal. I also told him, I mean, he gets to choose where the office is. If he tells me he wants the office 10 minutes from his house and Ben needs to drive two hours a day, I'm okay with that. He gets to make that call so, but that's just kind of a bit of an update there. I do think we have a path forward, and I don't know if it's actually going to work or not, but, but it's and I do think continuing to slip down the role, customer service, customer service, customer service, focused and motivated, project management, take ownership, so yeah, and I think taking the whole sales thing off his plate, that wasn't, I mean, he's A little Ben's actually a little sad about that, but, but it's not that hard to say that. You know, there was things we weren't getting to because, I mean, we certainly weren't getting to follow up and stuff on leads, and it's just it is the right thing to do. So that's where I

Matthias Miller  29:01
recently I had a few conversations with very good friends, with one of the one of the employees that worked with the company, and two of the managers are taking very liberal remote work, like one of them is co parenting, and the other ones anyway, just it's not working. Yeah, yeah, yeah, at all. And everybody's feeling it, except for them. And I think I don't know how you want to handle the no thing. You literally say no, but like, even a quota of, like, vacation day quota, it's just most people. Most people don't know. They take for granted how good they have it to be able to work remotely and say yes to too many times when, yeah,

Speaker 1  29:47
I don't know, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 3  29:53
So good anyway, but progress so this was. Fun the call with Dwayne. Dwayne told me, Alice, I hope you know how proud you should be upset that Nick, you know, Seth, is so sharp, and they're both so professional on the phone. If I'd have, if my son would show up like that, I'd be super proud. That's Hmm, that's awesome. Good. So, oh, what article series do we want to do next? And I'd love to hear more about Strasbourg. Had there been any more conversations as far as how much more work there's going to be, or is it just kind of a bit like this?

Matthias Miller  30:51
He's getting distracted. He's getting overwhelmed.

Unknown Speaker  30:56
And I'm just like,

Matthias Miller  30:58
I don't know. As his interest risk, though, will mine. I think it's going to go on ice for about six months, probably, so I don't know. I mean, there's going to be a little bit ongoing, probably through February. I don't know if there will be on that or not. Yeah. And then, yeah, I shot him that email. I didn't really ask him a lot of questions about what he wants. Sorry, dude, you're just getting it. Yeah, exactly. And yeah, he still, I asked him about, about a retainer. He's like, he doesn't, like remote. He doesn't know what I would do. I don't know whatever. I don't feel like pitching myself very hard on that one.

Unknown Speaker  31:53
Yeah. Well, I just Yeah.

Speaker 3  32:02
The I I'm really eager to see how this round one of hosteller goes then. So sorry, we're not quite on. I mean, they're, they're gonna, I think they're gonna have the fix up stuff and hopefully ready before Monday morning here.

Matthias Miller  32:17
But it's their fault. Whose fault? I mean, they've not been highly communicative, and it's a fairly substantial change. Towards the end of the you're saying hostile or settler has carries, carry some of the blame. Okay, I was just hoping it's for sure, not on codecraft or so. They had a fairly big change requests come through in the last week. Okay, fine. And not a lot of clarity around it, I think we're going to have to have a I say this. I need to do something about it. I think we need to have a come to Jesus moment, because Tyler can't just keep playing the in between, like projects. I don't care how busy you are, if you don't have have time to make sure this is this spec right? Then, then that's, that's just irresponsible.

Unknown Speaker  33:07
Yep, yep.

Matthias Miller  33:11
I am in a position, though, also not to, not to hijack, but if you with Strasburg winding down, I'll probably take a look at, well, there's a question I don't even answer now, but if there's, if you, if you could have unlimited time for me, what, what would be, is there a number that makes sense to you that you you'd want to pay? And I don't know that I care. Yeah, I don't know Sure.

Speaker 3  33:46
We probably have to just look at what we have on our plate. I mean, the, I mean, I'd look at the pipeline and say, you know, okay. I mean, well, where would it make sense to to? I mean, where could we leverage you to, you know, take sales from a million to 1.5

Matthias Miller  34:09
Well, I mean, I'm very interested in that. And if, if there's a world in which, yeah, I don't know, I've become a whole lot more pragmatic in the last six months, and I've probably ever been so

Unknown Speaker  34:25
sure enough. Well, I'm liking this enterprise model, to be honest.

Matthias Miller  34:30
So you should Nick are taking the anti acids, but, I mean, I think they're doing well with it, but yeah, I think they're both up to their eyeballs.

Speaker 3  34:45
Yeah, I guess true. The good news is, well, okay, I think I just had a meeting with Attorney Arlen Miller about estate planning, and he said, Alice, you've. Got to start getting them buying into the business. Now they're helping you build this business. Don't, don't wait until this thing is, is. I mean, you're 65 and this thing is 5x what it is. Now they're trying. They can't buy in So, and do it slowly, yeah, so, but, and they need to be at the point where they're saying, okay, you know, this is for sure, what we're doing, you know, with our lives, the but, the but. But I also feel like at the point where you're saying, you know, I'm not just building something that maybe someday I'll be responsible for, but I'm building something that is becoming mine, as we speak,

Matthias Miller  35:48
every time my dad adds in, it takes a distribution to add a add a building. I get a new bathroom or something.

Speaker 3  35:57
I mean, but, but so and I don't want to over stretch them. I talk pretty regularly with Seth, and he's he's feeling stretched but, but he's also enjoying it. If it'd be this pace forever, I think he just it just be almost too much, but, I guess, but that's also how we grow, I don't know. So,

Speaker 3  36:29
yeah, so I mean, okay, I don't know what this looks like. But is there some way we should be using you to goose some of the design process or something? I'm not even sure what. But, or,

Speaker 1  36:56
or, or do

Speaker 3  37:02
we go to go down the I mean, okay, here's a here's an example, and we'd have to look at the budget. And so some of this might be kind of contingent on whether we can come within budget or not. But you know what, if you would take Walnut Hill and you and what you and Arundel drive forward on Walnut Hill together. Interesting. So, I mean, I think we could. I think we could make serious. I think we could, I think, and I had to cross my fingers on it, but I think we might be able to do enterprise in that thing and still come within budget.

Matthias Miller  37:48
Yeah, well, I mean, if you're talking an enterprise model, I'm, I mean, that's always, that's always

Speaker 3  37:57
an option for you. So I think, I think you might want to go back and look at the proposal, and say, right, you know, can, I mean, can we actually pull off? Yeah, it is a

Matthias Miller  38:11
little nerve wracking doing enterprise model in a budget, just because, yeah, there can be so much fluidity in the process, right?

Speaker 3  38:22
I mean, I guess the other, other way to do it is to is that, I mean, this is TNM, at your normal rate, at the People's rate, and if we pull this off, then,

Matthias Miller  38:35
then we will, you know,

Speaker 3  38:38
we'll add in the enterprise, I mean, the enterprise kickback. So partly because this thing's already quoted, effectively a profit share on the project, yeah, basically, yeah, yeah, well, yeah, yeah, it's also, it's also an add on, I mean, you know, we're, yeah, I mean, but yeah, but effectively, I mean, however you want to say it, if there's, if there's, you know, if we would have planned from the beginning to do, to do enterprise, we might have priced at some higher, basically, right. So, right.

Matthias Miller  39:15
It also be interesting experiment for me to play around with AI on solutions design. Sure, which would be meaningful, but,

Speaker 3  39:27
but, but it also lets us experiment with, will you know, what if you go simpler on the design side, and you go, use better devs, and, I mean, you know, it's entirely pop. I mean, sometimes I just wonder, you know, should we, I mean, do we need to go to two more? I mean, to to our three solutions, tabs, and say we're, we're offering you. Either a position at, you know, two thirds your salary, or half your salary, or whatever, or a an exit

Unknown Speaker  40:09
with a, you know, with a but, I mean,

Speaker 3  40:12
I think it just kind of depends. I think we should try, I mean, but, but we kind of need to see what our other options are. They, they, they are doing better, though, I think Matthias said, I mean, Nick said that there they were much closer to estimates more recently, so and I mean, they're still overpay, I mean, they're still overpaid, and yet they're cheaper. I mean, and I'm, I don't think it's necessarily how I get cheap management over there. That's what I get, though, compared to that makes sense anyway, but I think, I think, I think a room knows a home run and I mean, he lost solutions. I'm just kind of feel really bad if I can steal him from investor tools, but maybe part time or something. The other thing is, he's got a CFA and he's toying with, well, he's on his way still. Well, that is right. He said CFA two right now, and he's got one more exam to get there. Wow. And he's dying to actually start doing some spreading and learn the spreading process

Matthias Miller  41:31
that's awesome. In what world that's great.

Speaker 3  41:38
But maybe he becomes kind of our the spreading code or plus the solutions code, I mean development or something. So, right? Anyway,

Unknown Speaker  41:51
the try, okay. So how soon do you think you might be ready for more stuff?

Matthias Miller  42:01
I mean, I've got my investor tools. Contract ends this month, and so I wouldn't be surprised if I would redo it. I don't know. So I have some capacity there, but I mean, realistically, I've got some in depth. I might, I might have some capacity this month for some stuff. I also thought about telling, telling Tyler, look, we need to start driving ahead on design, on the on the quoting side of things. If there's in any way that you're close to that, and if I do that, that's probably going to get close to my my headspace on, yeah,

Speaker 3  42:40
I mean, well, I think my preference would be to get hostile or in shape and driving forward. I mean, because that just feels like a long term game there, yeah, and the more we can get momentum now, the more. But it may require some coaching and stuff there. But, I mean, I feel like we had some of that, some of that with insight too, in different ways, or,

Matthias Miller  43:04
oh yes, yeah, we had that stuff just with Aaron coming on. I mean, sure,

Unknown Speaker  43:14
yeah, yeah.

Speaker 3  43:21
Oh, okay, so go ahead, marketing, marketing, yeah, so Excel. I mean, Matthias, you're amazing. I mean, this whole Excel Series has just been a the, I mean, truly, the hugest home run we've ever hit in I don't know how many years. I mean, almost the point is, why are we moving on to other stuff?

Matthias Miller  43:49
Well, I'll echo that. Yeah, I'm the proud owner of spreadsheet disasters, so if there's any, because I'm a domain addict,

Unknown Speaker  44:02
but we got two spreadsheet domains to older.

Unknown Speaker  44:05
Oh, something about fixing Excel on one of them,

Unknown Speaker  44:10
we fixed spreadsheets and something else

Matthias Miller  44:13
we I wanted to. I got in contact with the owners of Excel hell.com but anyway, I doubt I get it. They're using it for cold email for cold email for software company. I think the so in my mind, if we if you start with a nucleus message of Excel or spreadsheet spreadsheets inside note, just to deflect back to you, a lot of the Excel stuff came through your Trend observation. So sure, yeah, well, happily take any ego stoking that I can

Unknown Speaker  44:49
take by all means Matthias,

Speaker 3  44:59
i. I am always the only one walking on a call, unless I'm on with you. Exercises on a call.

Speaker 4  45:08
So yeah, well, and I was pacing earlier today, just not on a call with you. But

Matthias Miller  45:18
what are ways to repackage like in my mind, using the Excel hook is really intriguing. And so I would start by asking the question, what are the variants of this? For example, obviously the ads worked, the content worked. So are there different audiences or media or I mean, media might be a little little tight. Could we? Could we create, could we either add pcbe, if we can just straight up publish these articles as a series, as editorial content? Should we consider an a second? Oh, that's the simplest, the most obvious one, yeah, it kind of hides the mystery. It removes it keeps people from but then you can have a separate call to action. You could say, you know, if you want this. If you would like to get all of these, you know, go sign up here, you know, whatever.

Matthias Miller  46:33
Or the other thing is, is there an offer? Like, we've bounced around like, was there a $500 I don't know what something

Speaker 3  46:45
maybe, I mean, I don't Okay. So that's kind of the two things I Okay. I'm just not looking for any busy work, and the pipeline is pretty thick. I am wanting to get people in the mailing list and and I'm trying to figure Okay, the let me restate I think my strategic bet for 26 is two. Part is three. Part one is just excel, just in general, keep preaching that message. I've got some ideas how to do this as we're talking here. Part two is, get Ian to build out the affiliate program aggressively. And let's come on. Let's, you know, come up with an affiliate, you know, with affiliate network, and figure out what that means and how the program works, and whether we need new marketing material. But I just, I kind of wonder how much business we'd end up come flowing through there, right?

Speaker 3  48:02
Those are the Excel affiliate. I thought there was a third one. The I have also wondered we are we are only doing informational newsletters, informational these articles on our newsletter list? Should we sometimes be mixing in a bit more adish kinds of things, or, you know, straight up calls to action, just a short email that says, and how often, but just a short email that says, if you're still in spreadsheets and you're over 2 million in revenue you were you're wasting time, and you're exposing yourself to risk. It's time to move up. Yeah, so the

Speaker 3  49:00
um, on specific Excel. So I think what I don't want to do, I feel like we've got a flush pipeline. I'm not super easy. Eager to do $500 offers. Well, I mean, maybe we should, maybe that would bring in more people. I don't know.

Matthias Miller  49:30
Do people do paid workshops in this space or not? Or is that not a thing?

Speaker 3  49:37
Maybe, I don't know. So Matthias, if you got free capacity, do you want to do a deep dive on people's Do you want to do consultations for people? But maybe if you,

Matthias Miller  49:51
if you want to sweeten up the deal and say, if I want to make fractional CFO pitches, and you get a kickback off of something, and we. Yeah, well, I mean, I'm happy either way. If you want to say, Hey, don't I only want to sell them software, that's fine. If you want to double dip, that's fine too. I don't really care. Strongly. I don't mind doing one off consultations. Plus it makes great. There's just, there is definite utility, okay? And I think beyond software, I think Excel is a great I'm personally interested on the Excel Excel pain, because it also points to other types of problems in the business, beyond just software. Sure, whether, whether anything, whether these, whether they work with these clients, or not, beyond that, I'm open to that.

Speaker 3  50:45
Yeah, anyway, certainly. So that's something, I mean, that seems intriguing, potentially, I don't know. I think we're busy enough and booked out enough that I'm not eager to add another. I mean, to add, you know, a speculative offer or something for myself, but you know, if there'd be some way, there'd be something that could be a hook that, anyway, don't know for sure what it would look like, but that could be a possibility on the on the ad series. I mean, the, you know, if I, if I do a tagline on, on silver loom. It's something like business beyond spreadsheets, or, you know, outskilling or, I mean, I don't know. But anyway, I'm not sure, I'm sure. I'm not sure if we want and have to or need to. But that is, you know, that really, I think, is what it is. The other thing is, if somebody is using spreadsheets, then they have some system orientation. It's not just, I mean, it's actually kind of promising, yeah.

Matthias Miller  52:12
So, so the most obvious thing in my mind, if you just go drop it, if your goal is mailing list, okay,

Unknown Speaker  52:26
is there a way? How much do you care whether the people

Matthias Miller  52:36
on the mailing list are Anabaptist or, I'm assuming you want some kind of values alignment of some kind

Speaker 3  52:47
makes that we're sued last we're scared about contracts.

Speaker 1  52:51
So, so how if, if you wanted to, I

Matthias Miller  53:00
mean, but surely this has been a solved problem. How do you get this exact material in front of more people's eyeballs in this space? I mean, we talked about Red Book. We talked about like,

Speaker 3  53:15
that's true, and we never did anything with red book either. I mean, so. I mean, if we want em to start pursuing that, we could, I

Matthias Miller  53:27
just think, take the exact same message and let's look at other ways to address people so so I think one of the most obvious ones are, I know we didn't have any success with our webinar signups, but is there a captive audience? Can we say, hey, sim biz, we just love to do a presentation on spreadsheets for you guys. Sure. Could we have, like, a keynote that's around spreadsheets, and in some capacity, how do we get that on other people's I think I'm trying to say the medium can be the ad, the print article, if we want to put in the work for a keynote, a keynote of some kind, which is rinse and repeat. It's just, it's, it's, we plan to use it. And then that's what we have. And we go, we go everywhere we can, over other people's lists, other people's stages, other people's like any way that we can find a captive audience in some capacity, whether it's red book anywhere, and then try to get people on the list. I mean, that's the that's the obvious thing to do.

Unknown Speaker  54:44
Yeah. Okay, so,

Speaker 3  54:51
and I don't know if we tackle multiple things at once or not. Well, what's

Matthias Miller  54:59
which which of the. Is okay. The easiest one of those is, go find new people with the same message. I mean, the written form ads are ads or email content. So, so if you want to start pragmatically, start with that. Plus that's, that's the part that is actually proven. So then the next question is, how is there anything to lose by asking pcbe If we can run this as editorial content? Absolutely not. So that's the number one place to start. That's an easy email. And boom, you've got it.

Unknown Speaker  55:35
Let me make a note to myself. And

Matthias Miller  55:43
then you can also go ask John to say, Hey, John, I don't know if you care or not. I don't know how much they care these. These people care about original content. Some are very strict about it. Sure. I

Unknown Speaker  56:11
And if okay, if they,

Matthias Miller  56:14
if they, if they, it has to be original. Then we just come up with variations of this Excel stuff that is original. I think I think if it is, I would be shocked if they would say, hey, we ran this as an ad, but we would like to take it to your audience publicly like it is actually original with your audience, right?

Speaker 3  56:33
Except it's 400 I mean, 200 of them or whatever, right?

Matthias Miller  56:38
If you were to go to plain press and say, We want to run it as a series there. That's where I would expect they would care. I wouldn't bring it up, right? Yeah, if you're going first to them. So that one's

Matthias Miller  56:57
I would also ask. There's also a great chance to after they say yes, it's or whatever. It's also a great chance to ask them about about changes in ad placement and editorial content. I um,

Unknown Speaker  57:36
well, yeah, it just feels like, okay, pcbe,

Matthias Miller  57:41
Excel articles that one feels like

Unknown Speaker  57:44
easy win, and

Speaker 3  57:57
then so the Red Book is a possibility. And had we been thinking postcards or something there, or

Matthias Miller  58:14
the most obvious thing in my mind, having six series of six is about the right number would be to have a sample size big enough that, okay, between sample size and budget. I don't know how this would come out, but have a six postcard series going out every other week to to a group of people in you know, say, from the red red book or something like that. And it's a big enough sample size that you realistically think that you could get several email opt ins from. I don't know what that would I I don't know how big that would have to be. I mean,

Unknown Speaker  59:09
if you're good, no, go ahead.

Matthias Miller  59:12
Well, what's, what's printing and mailing costs on a postcard?

Unknown Speaker  59:24
$1 a piece, maybe, I don't know, dollar 50 total. I

Matthias Miller  59:32
wonder if you, if you get a

Matthias Miller  59:42
a Qlik send has API, has API integrations for they no longer offer it, but it was $1 a piece. And so if you go through a print shop, I would think you might be looking at down to 75 cents or. Or $2

Speaker 3  1:00:14
well, okay, and the other thing we can do is, okay, we told Ian typing an address. Okay, that's right. Okay. We don't want Ian typing an address. Is it at 75 bucks an hour? But what?

Matthias Miller  1:00:32
Why wouldn't you go to advertisers in pcbe? Because there's an immediate

Unknown Speaker  1:00:37
exactly, and do you do you email or do you mail or call,

Matthias Miller  1:00:50
both? Well, I don't know how sophisticated you want to be. I if you would give Ian a list of companies and say, Hey, I'm just wondering who's responsible for X, Y or Z, and see if he can get a name drop a postcard in the mail and call back and say, hey, just checking to see if you got I dropped something in the mail for you checking to see if you

Unknown Speaker  1:01:28
Got it. I mean, I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:41
I think I

Speaker 3  1:02:07
Yeah. Okay, how do you how do all these endeavors compare? Well, maybe they can be run in parallel, but how do all these endeavors, okay, PCB is just like, and that's just golden. And by the way, I've got the meeting shared meeting thing. I've got a marketing plan, marketing ideas section here right now, the building out affiliate program, I feel like, is a really strategic long term bet.

Matthias Miller  1:02:39
So why wouldn't you have Ian work with affiliates and see if, and see if he can tee up mailings to their lists?

Unknown Speaker  1:02:54
Yeah, oh,

Matthias Miller  1:02:58
or is that too long of a no. I don't

Speaker 3  1:03:12
think so. Oh, and certainly well, and it's just also just starting to get the the affiliate program going and finish structure. So that's something we could potentially work on. The I really, my gut is that the affiliate program is pretty gold. I mean, it is that if we can get that live in several years from now, that may just be kind of the core of everything that we do. The I do, kind of wonder about potentially even printing the, you know, the beyond spreadsheet stuff into a booklet or something. And I think, or maybe we needed to think through, do we? Do we somehow? Is it just all article based, or is it, you know, does it have some practical steps in there or, but, you know, kind of a $5 booklet or whatever that they that affiliates can hand out with, with our brochures and stuff like that.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:26
So here's, here's a, yeah, I think so I mean, it's, it's,

Matthias Miller  1:04:33
yeah, definitely enough content for booklet.

Speaker 3  1:04:36
And I guess the question is, is it better to do a booklet, or is it? Well, maybe it is. So it's luckiest. It's lying around on the desk. They're not going to throw it away. I mean, yeah, even print,

Matthias Miller  1:04:54
yeah, quality print, for sure. Yeah, yeah. Is it also?

Speaker 3  1:04:58
I. Okay, so the other one is just add emails to current newsletters. I mean, how our call to action is a better way to say it. But how often should you if we have newsletters. How often should you send a call to action? I mean, if it's too often, people start getting frustrated and unsubscribe. But is it

Matthias Miller  1:05:32
I feel like I'm so out of the loop? I mean, it's, it's 5050. Is probably too, still too high, but with the type of long form content you I would be shocked if you would beat much resistance going every other month with some kind of call to action. And even with that, you can, you can couch it in some kind of value add as well, sure, like, sure, even if you don't take us up on the offer, it stills, yeah. Feels like there's value there.

Matthias Miller  1:06:15
Hit something with that. Okay, here's an idea. The other main train to keep on the track is the next series for actual advertising in the pcbe. One idea is to turn it into a tactical Excel thing where, I mean, here's how I would approach it, deep research on Reddit and other types of places were, what do people complain about the most about Excel, and then, how do you fix it? And and then there's always the flip of like, by the way, this is, this is how silver loom solves it. Yeah. So it's, if they want the practical Excel solution, it's in there, they can find it. They'll also understand where they're going to hit their limitation,

Unknown Speaker  1:07:05
locking down formulas and things like

Matthias Miller  1:07:07
that, right? Yeah? Like locking down exactly in validation and like, I feel like there's a whole best practices for Excel, yeah, either best practices or tactical tips. Go ahead. Okay, that's good.

Speaker 3  1:07:21
Okay, so, so this is serious stuff, the

Unknown Speaker  1:07:30
so technical Excel tips with

Unknown Speaker  1:07:39
sales pitch at it.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:42
I'm locking, formula,

Unknown Speaker  1:07:50
validation, validation,

Matthias Miller  1:07:53
ways to integrate with the you know, copy and paste. You know, having places where you can copy and paste from external systems. I managing versions, handling backups, I suppose

Speaker 3  1:08:22
I'm no, okay, so that's a, I think that's certainly, and I don't know if you do a whole series of those, or if, because I don't know, or is it every other that, I mean, I don't know for sure what the right width is to do it. Another thing we've toyed up with is the, let me see if I can find I uh, on the market. This is the the action points from rose,

Matthias Miller  1:08:50
by the way, I would argue that problems with Excel, okay, yeah, the problems with Excel are at the at the forefront of most of these people's minds, yeah? And so we're hooking them, not at a story form, but with a lizard brain, like I can get an answer to this in three minutes just by reading or five minutes just by signing up, yeah. And so it's very, very much in the problem aware space for Excel. Yeah,

Speaker 3  1:09:31
that's excellent. I mean, eventually we might have, like, a, we'll have to figure out how to package these, these various or maybe there's, it's like multiple little booklets that you've got, you know, technical, technicals. I mean, you know, fixing the most common Excel or spreadsheet problems, yes, and another one is, you know, you know horror stories of. Of spreadsheets, or whatever we want to call the last series. The another one might be beyond spreadsheets. I'm not sure that's a quite right turn. That was the other series I was toying with, and I don't know if it'd be interspersed or maybe another series in the future, but features from me excel to silver loom. So I'm thinking like, what is quoting look like in Excel, quoting in Excel, quoting in silver loom?

Matthias Miller  1:10:30
No, this is really good. Yes, I love this.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:35
So quoting,

Matthias Miller  1:10:37
scheduling, let's do this context. Sub points, people who've gone from Excel to silver loom, payroll module, CFP, payroll module, Strasburg, cut list generation, some of this we might have to mask, but, or, you know, obscure in some way. We definitely have done like, what are the literal put in zpa at the end, Hostetler quoting Hostetler, project management. I

Matthias Miller  1:11:27
Where are the ones where they've sent it here.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:32
Gemini, where's the design folder?

Matthias Miller  1:11:38
Project, design I can you make a list of all Excel files, not Google sheets in this folder and subqueer?

Matthias Miller  1:12:07
Sad that weaverland is bashful about it'd be

Speaker 3  1:12:15
interesting to find out as I go back to them and say, Hey, is there any I mean, well, I mean, is there any way that we could do this without quoting? I mean, giving your names, right?

Matthias Miller  1:12:36
I am looking for a list of client, Excel. Excel files in here to know the client name, just the name of the outer the outer most, or the folders directly within the parent these are generally these would be generally Excel files, not Google Sheets. Put together a comprehensive list

Unknown Speaker  1:13:16
which you can come up with.

Matthias Miller  1:13:19
So that's machinery. Go ahead. Go ahead. Was Ed's machinery Excel. Did we? Did we actually do anything with him?

Speaker 3  1:13:27
We didn't. We didn't they think they got scared away by the price and maybe found something else that's good enough the I

Unknown Speaker  1:13:44
uh, order management. And I have to think through I mean,

Matthias Miller  1:13:55
Valley View is, was Valley View using Excel files? I'm actually no, because I just did this one to order entry. Yet they have an order inch

Unknown Speaker  1:14:09
they did.

Matthias Miller  1:14:12
This is more like a customer. They had a customer database and a, I would primarily call it a customer database, I think. And

Speaker 3  1:14:32
some of this can be slightly anonymized and stuff. I mean, unless Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:14:36
yeah, I would just prefer what, okay, this. I mean, yeah, I would agree, anonymizing and but my thought is, I would love if we could just if, if we have real examples of actual Excel files that we can base all of this stuff off of it gives tangibility to it.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:59
I. Jim. Jim wood

Matthias Miller  1:15:07
logo files, sample files and printouts, delivery tickets. Gemwood delivery tickets,

Speaker 3  1:15:14
by the way, they'd be open to a case study if we want to. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:15:22
true. Hall. I don't remember details in them, access. They used to be access, access, that is very similar.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:31
But did EBS have any Excel?

Unknown Speaker  1:15:36
I don't remember for

Unknown Speaker  1:15:40
sure from client, purchase, my log, preview database.

Matthias Miller  1:15:48
Let's subtract prospectus comparison mock up.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:53
I mean, they did,

Unknown Speaker  1:15:59
it's not clear. Okay,

Speaker 3  1:16:03
so, so, and how do you feel about this path versus technical? I mean, this is kind of this, this hits home even more, doesn't it? Or, or

Matthias Miller  1:16:13
it's more likely to hit I would say I

Matthias Miller  1:16:24
it's more likely to hit the strategic owner. I

Speaker 3  1:17:03
well, I liken it. I feel like because I had actually toyed with whether we should do some of some feature things, but tying it directly into Excel is just feels pretty promising.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:21
So I'm trying to get Go ahead. No, go ahead.

Matthias Miller  1:17:25
So let's say, let's pick one Throw Dart quoting. What's the angle? Like somebody's flipping through the magazine they do quoting in Excel? Excel. It

Speaker 3  1:17:57
is so probably the people who do it best have a have a quoting template that they keep updating to on how it should work. And then every time they generate a quote, they they make a copy of it, save the customer's name and date and put it in a folder where they can go back and find it. Now, if it's if it's, if there's complex calculations that's worth doing,

Matthias Miller  1:18:33
like, are they interested in? What's the pain? I mean, it feels to me, maybe this is wrong, but it feels to be like for each of these there's got to be one predominant pain point, like, what's wrong with doing okay? Like, why not just do quoting in Excel?

Speaker 1  1:19:01
And I think the the honest answer is, sometimes you should yeah, and here's when you shouldn't, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:19:12
So when you shouldn't is when you have, when you have really complex interactions, or, like,

Matthias Miller  1:19:27
I mean complexity of quote, plus it's more than just, I went four of this and five of that. Like, if sometimes we do Lee Cox a good example. Sometimes, you know, there's this whole section that might be omitted, or sometimes the sections included, and we calculate it based on, there's, there's some, I don't know, cubic dimensions, perhaps, or, you know, I don't know what

Unknown Speaker  1:19:52
I mean is there isn't

Unknown Speaker  1:19:54
there sort of a lingering Can I trust my quote. I.

Speaker 4  1:20:05
I mean, you know, I'm, I guess I'm connecting it somewhat to the $10,000 Excel error. But, I mean, I don't know there may be more, more. More of a core slash, typical entry point.

Matthias Miller  1:20:27
Well, it's, it seems to me, like most owners just live with general uncertainty. It takes a very specific type of owner, as long as you're making you know your net, your nets running between your comfortable percentages, you just know you're going to get some stuff wrong. It's going to be really painful when it's off. And there's a few rare ones that are going to be obsessed about making sure that it actually is accurate. Field access is a limitation,

Unknown Speaker  1:21:05
keeping prices current.

Matthias Miller  1:21:08
Keeping prices current.

Unknown Speaker  1:21:15
If price has changed since you last, you started a quote,

Matthias Miller  1:21:22
we're reporting ends up being in almost impossible reporting,

Speaker 3  1:21:29
keeping prices Current. Yeah, you can't run run reports on it. I

Speaker 3  1:21:51
Yep, you can do a lot with you can make some pretty beautiful looking Excel spreadsheets. I've been kind of amazed by what people have done already as far as formats on those

Matthias Miller  1:22:06
formatting actually, yeah, you're right. And, I mean, it's, it's very accessible for the typical person,

Unknown Speaker  1:22:13
yeah, yeah. Well,

Speaker 3  1:22:17
okay, I think we know the direction we want to be going here. I'm going to be going here. I'm going to say this is our next series. They'd like to have the first article by the beginning of April, okay, but, but I think we keep working at this one then.

Matthias Miller  1:22:30
So my my vote would be if we could spell out as much of the series as possible, and then, Yep, that sounds perfect. So let's plan to

Unknown Speaker  1:22:44
do that, and then the what do you

Speaker 3  1:22:59
we looked at the at Ian's. Let me just make a note about Ian's reports. I want to get those sent over to send Ian's report to Rosewood. We should sometimes look at the cell sheets, although we're getting close to the top of the hour here, and I do have a bunch of feedback from Nick on and Nick and I'm planning to talk to Tim on those two the and then what questions Should I'm going to have ants call up our i

Speaker 3  1:23:43
Let's see once again, the Ian's Ian's going to collect testimonials for us. By did I tell you about that class? He's Ben's going to send emails to existing clients. Say, by the way, Ian Miller is coming back on our sales team, and he's wanting to touch base with or he's wanting to touch base with existing clients, just to hear more, to hear how things are going, coming back, to join the I don't know, something like that. And then we'll have a set of questions, just just to get to know people and stuff, and then if there's anything intriguing, he'll say, you know, what I hear you saying, or, you know, that's really encouraging. Could I write that down? And would you be interested consider, you know, letting us quote you with that as a testimonial. But I'd love to have your input on what are there questions we should be asking, or what, what experience you have with collecting testimonials? I kind of feel like, if you, if you sit down and say, Do you have a testimonial for us, they'll say, they'll they'll panic and won't.

Matthias Miller  1:24:55
But I know I have content somewhere about. It. But my instinct is, side note, I've been Josh. Josh long has one guy. He basically one guy that he recommends for sales training, which is Josh Braun, B, R, A, double, a, U N, and one of his premises is you never you ask what questions. So when you're asking the question, he had somebody reach out to him and said, What? What are you using for? No, that wasn't quite it like intentionally avoiding leading questions and assumptions that you have a need or that you're probing for a need. So no, it's how questions. So how are you currently tracking for him, it was, how are you currently tracking visitors who come to your checkout page? And Josh Bron replied back to the guy, and like, I don't, I think it's, I don't like being followed around the internet, and I think, I think you show better dignity to people not doing that, which is why I don't have a pixel on there. And that's very different than trying to make a pitch to say, hey, can we we noticed you don't have a pixel? Can we play that one for you? So taking some of that frame, same line of thinking across that's kind of context, but then it's it's along the lines of, what are you using the system for? What were you doing before? What were you hoping that you would get out of the system? What have you been able to get out of the system? What are things that you were hoping for that you weren't were probably earlier in the conversation. What are things that you were hoping to get out of the system but you didn't? What were things that were harder than you anticipated. What are the things that the system has been able to give you since then? What are some of the good things as part of the process? And so go after an objective exactly? I just want to know what your experiences start with the bad or teeth out either one. But then when you land on the good stuff and it's like, hey, that's really useful. Even something that's bad, like something that they wish they would have known, it's like, wow, that's really useful. We would love to share that with other people. Would you mind if we even if it's not an overt testimonial, right? It could be really useful to say so and so really Pei being said that, you know, one of the things that they wish they would have done more of beforehand was, I don't know, you know, X, Y and Z. Calling out other people by name can be a really useful way to it just lends credibility. It's somebody else talking about you somebody else talking

Unknown Speaker  1:27:55
about yourself. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:28:09
I don't know if that's what you're looking for. I mean,

Unknown Speaker  1:28:11
yeah, yeah. Well,

Speaker 3  1:28:15
you should see the questions I got, so I didn't get them all written down. Is Josh Braun the training? Software that you had him? Do you had Ian do something?

Matthias Miller  1:28:26
No, there's Ari galper. He shares similar philosophy, but Okay, so I emailed Josh, and we're like Josh long talking about this guy, because Josh long was the guy who introduced me to Josh Braun, and we were messaging back and forth, and I said, it feels to me like Ari galper has the same philosophy, but he's too he's not practical enough, like it's all very philosophical about how to do it. Jeremy minor is another very popular sales trainer who teaches things that sound very similar, but he's got a manipulative hook in all of his stuff. And Josh long would agree with both of my assessments of both of those people. And so,

Speaker 4  1:29:10
yep, okay, so you're a fan of brown or brown? Brown?

Matthias Miller  1:29:18
Yes. I mean, that's from what I've seen, I've been going through his cold calling. Course, it seems sane. I like what I see. He seems like a, he seems like a for like, I know that's a kind of a big uncertain term, but like a respectable human being.

Speaker 4  1:29:39
So I followed him on LinkedIn for a while. And I mean, I have a generally positive impression, but, yeah, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:29:53
yep. Cool.

Speaker 3  1:30:03
The okay, what is using system for? I mean, is it good to just start in with a general how are things going? Or is it better to just go specific for right away?

Matthias Miller  1:30:19
I'm curious what you in. I would basically start with the introduction of, like, basically, you know, I know Ben reach mentioned that I would be calling, and

Unknown Speaker  1:30:39
I don't know, I think, generally.

Speaker 3  1:30:43
I mean, is this a customer satisfaction survey? I mean, it should be making that formal or, or is it a, get another,

Matthias Miller  1:30:51
yeah, okay, it's just good to know. I just want to talk to people. I mean, generally, the general thing with questions is a slippery slide, like, like, like, like, there's so many philosophies around this. But just like, if you do one sentence to connect about, like, whatever, like, the depressing snow in Lancaster and John, right? And, like, get some fundamentals around, around the business, and what they're doing and how long they've been in business, if that makes sense. And this varies so much because that same time you talk to Josh, like, I've listened in to Josh long sales calls, like he'll do a little bit of that, but then he does not waste a lot of time before getting to the heart of the matter. And like, we're not here to we're here to get stuff done.

Unknown Speaker  1:31:41
Um,

Speaker 3  1:32:00
oh, there anything there you would change besides code creators, is amazing. And,

Matthias Miller  1:32:35
yeah, I think, I think it's, it's those are, that's the something like, that's the guidance, yeah, anything, there's also the what would you tell someone else, who I Don't know sure is considering is, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:32:58
or or, you?

Matthias Miller  1:33:03
Is there anything you wish you would have known Sure? I

Speaker 3  1:33:33
know that's a good one or not, but I don't know when or for what businesses, but I kind of, I'm curious if they, they'd say, Who's the ideal or maybe it's who's the ideal customer, or, or how to, I don't know if, maybe that's too complicated for them to answer.

Speaker 1  1:34:10
Arms, sure. Yeah, that's a great one. I like that. Yeah, good.

Unknown Speaker  1:34:33
Okay, let me take this away.

Unknown Speaker  1:34:41
Well, are you all out of time?

Matthias Miller  1:34:46
I got time? Remember time you went, but it's, I don't have anything else. Let's jump into sales spreadsheets for a bit. Yep, or

Unknown Speaker  1:34:56
sell sheets, whatever. Hmm.

Unknown Speaker  1:35:01
Okay, here I can signal it.

Matthias Miller  1:35:08
You've got the link you send out, right? Yeah, and were you included on Nick's response? I did see Nick's response. It was a lot of detail, and I didn't take the time to sit down and

Matthias Miller  1:35:50
how, what? What are we looking for here?

Speaker 3  1:35:56
So this is basically helping. Well, okay, it's kind of two parts, and they're planning to take this from one sheet to two sheets to front, to front and back. They just said it's just too much. It's too much tax. The it really is, for someone who's pretty interested, I think, or maybe even has done the discovery call to understand what the process is. I kind of think you can give it to someone before the discovery call,

Speaker 2  1:36:26
although if you know, then it's a bit wasted if they if it's clearly not a fit,

Speaker 3  1:36:31
but just this sense of, I mean, so it's kind of okay. In some ways, it's really just walking you through the process. You know, what will your experience be, but then also kind of selling the process along the way. So which I mean? I do think that the analogy of putting, I mean, putting this into words of, you know, napkin sketches to blueprint, to construction, to moving in, is a pretty I mean, matches pretty well with the kind of informal sales stuff I've often done,

Unknown Speaker  1:37:08
and So so

Speaker 3  1:37:16
it is informational, but it's also hopefully you hopefully helping, I mean helping giving people clarity about the process and say, Oh yeah, that's I'm ready to go, or I know what the next step is going to

Unknown Speaker  1:37:37
be. I would

Matthias Miller  1:37:40
just like I would title this more along the lines of the best ideas start with napkin sketches. Like, maybe it's just it's so confusing to have these parallel words and I don't know what to and then it's almost like, if you can see the whole and then, and then, great, something are built off from blueprints, you know. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:38:21
well, and see, I think

Matthias Miller  1:38:24
they that's their thought is that they'll flush it like this is more like conceptual,

Unknown Speaker  1:38:27
I think so.

Unknown Speaker  1:38:30
But I'm not even sure I

Unknown Speaker  1:38:34
I feel like I remember something about, oh, I mean,

Speaker 4  1:38:46
you know they do, they do get into things just a bit here, but Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:38:56
well, or it might even be almost a um.

Speaker 3  1:39:06
It might almost be like a two line, you know, step one colon, discuss, you know, discovery, consultation, and in parentheses, the best ideas start with napkin sketches, right?

Matthias Miller  1:39:19
And then kind of highlight napkin sketches, because that's what it is. This is nitpicky, but annoying is really a soft word for a project like this.

Speaker 1  1:39:31
Now add any comments you want to.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:19
Sure. I I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:40:33
curious. Okay, so,

Speaker 3  1:40:42
interestingly, class, I'm curious where you are at by now. I used to be, I used to be try two years ago, when we were coming out with silver loom, I was really trying to get away from calling us custom software, because we're a lot more than that. But I've been kind of moving back towards that a bit. And just kind of wearing that a bit more proudly. I don't know the because, well, I think part of what I'm realizing is our modules are so thin. I don't like calling them modules. I think I need to, I think we need to call them solutions. You know, we create sales solutions. We create scheduling solutions. We don't have out of box modules that plug and play this.

Matthias Miller  1:41:30
This became very clear in a conversation with paradigm, I mean, we were talking about them, and what happens on smart build side or paradigm side, and, like, over here, and yeah, like, You guys are the custom shot. You guys should do that like, Yeah, I mean, so, I mean, I agree, yeah, so, and that's more sophisticated than most

Speaker 1  1:41:52
Sure, sure. But, yeah, I

Speaker 3  1:42:15
Oh, and some of the the basic wording, I'm not sure we won't. And also, I think sometimes they get, I get too I mean, I'm probably too educated for a client base at points, I don't know, I mean too literary, because, like, I sometimes, well, they've got people there that can't spell words like you did not go to pilgrim. I don't think it certainly worked

Speaker 3  1:42:59
homeschool. And then, but are the deliverables for the discovery call? About right? A friendly guide, honest evaluation, zero risk, it's pretty clear, I think so.

Unknown Speaker  1:43:22
And the results, not bad, either. Relief of final beginning, clarity. Clarity is where you're going. Yeah, yeah,

Speaker 3  1:43:38
and I am pretty proud of our alliteration of the Discover, design, develop, deploy, defining the need the solution, building the software accelerator, Alberta.

Matthias Miller  1:43:55
Go ahead. This might be way too much, but are we sure we don't want to create more tie in between the napkin sketches and the taglines Here.

Unknown Speaker  1:44:14
Oh, I'm building the

Unknown Speaker  1:44:19
that's a great question.

Speaker 3  1:44:26
Yeah, I mean, maybe here, let me just have a comment here.

Matthias Miller  1:44:34
Oh, perfect. So where'd you do it? Oh, there we go. Put it on the title, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:44:42
that's great, yeah, yep. I like it referencing,

Speaker 3  1:44:56
yeah, well, fine, yeah. I think that gives them what they need. Oh. I'm sure there's more we could do their design phase from frustration to a plan.

Unknown Speaker  1:45:09
Oh, interesting. And there we do pull in frustration.

Speaker 3  1:45:17
The in some ways, this is an oversell of what design I mean, I think it's, we are pretty high level on the of we're pretty high level on this design like and I fought with them about the blueprint thing. And I think I'm they convinced me that it's okay to call it a blueprint. It's, really is the floor plan, is what it is, and the, what do you call elevations that? This is the sketch, the visual sketches. It is not your, you know, it's not your outline of where all the outlets are, etc, that will come like a drink during build phase. But it's still, it's still the overall, I mean, they get visuals on the thing. It is the from rough ideas to a is it a precise architectural plan? It's kind of,

Matthias Miller  1:46:14
kind of, I don't know. I mean, I understand where both of you guys are coming from. They want to sell the certainty of a blueprint, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:46:24
We have actual field names there. I mean our fields,

Matthias Miller  1:46:29
we don't give a fixed price. I mean, it's a range. Yeah,

Speaker 3  1:46:41
yeah, there we go. Ed said needs fine tuning of more range project scope can be adjusted even in development, right?

Speaker 4  1:46:53
Well structured architectural plan,

Speaker 1  1:46:57
sure, yeah, why don't you just add it? Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 3  1:47:07
I it's kind of cool. They actually picked up on the, perhaps you're wondering, they picked up on the you on the mock ups that that's something that is a selling point that I've often said, this is these are yours to use. Then, yeah, you can do what you want to do with it.

Speaker 1  1:47:21
Um, well,

Speaker 3  1:47:25
how much time does it take? I This is we? Well, first of all, they clearly just don't know our business that well. Yeah, so I think we should just say something, something like we collect

Matthias Miller  1:47:41
Well, it takes a dedicated day from your team And one to two weeks for delivery. Yeah, yeah. I

Speaker 3  1:48:07
that's that's excellent work. Let's feel technical and complicated. No, the emerging vision brings excitement, clarity in the piece of finally solving the problem. That's good

Matthias Miller  1:48:18
process, optimization, virtual, that's a big word, yeah, and

Speaker 3  1:48:29
okay, visual mock ups, menus, dashboards, data entry screens. I don't know if we actually want to talk about reports or not, but the definition the database is the is, so when I think about it and all that, that six, you know, it's really what to store and what to report on. And I would almost, I don't know, I understand, they put visual mock ups first.

Matthias Miller  1:49:06
I think it I think it's compelling. It is

Speaker 3  1:49:10
compelling, and budget certainty is as a last, final bullet is for budget clarity. Clarity might be a word instead of certainty, but i Hmm,

Matthias Miller  1:49:24
I mean process optimization is almost like it's almost more. I know they've been really pushing for us to sell process optimization because they think you can sell better, and maybe they're maybe it's right. But clear processes defined processes.

Speaker 4  1:49:47
My first thought was replacing optimization with clarity, although then you said budget clarity,

Unknown Speaker  1:49:55
you could also say a defined budget

Speaker 3  1:49:59
visual mock ups. Process clarity and a defined budget, well

Matthias Miller  1:50:03
documented processes, sure, or process documentation, or documented processes,

Unknown Speaker  1:50:11
yeah, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:50:14
I feel much better than to say that, than saying I don't know, yeah,

Speaker 3  1:50:21
documented processes. We don't necessarily try to optimize their processes, processes as much as clarify document them, and we're

Matthias Miller  1:50:40
not really mapping the most efficient WordPress efficient work processes. We're articulating them so that you actually have something to work from. You understand what reality is and what needs to happen.

Speaker 3  1:50:49
You just want to add a comment there. I think I've got, I've got a comment on as much as reply to that document. I

Speaker 3  1:51:06
and I'm not sure they can use this for much more than software. I'm sorry, not unless we do a lot more. I

Unknown Speaker  1:51:55
yeah, I mean, I think I like that. Yeah, good next,

Speaker 3  1:52:10
by the way, Mark Seth pointed out Mark Bradford thought that our client visible ticketing systems means that our clients are logging into client scopes. Oh,

Matthias Miller  1:52:26
that's tested restricted data.

Speaker 3  1:52:30
Restricted data. Mark is freaking out, by the way, surprisingly, Josh, you should Oh. Matthias, it will not be super hard for for Josh to give us to integrate support tickets into silver limb. Can you imagine what that'll be for for Wayne, yeah, and so,

Unknown Speaker  1:53:00
and so and we can have some more tickets for different people, and the interface is magical.

Speaker 3  1:53:08
Anyway, okay, that's wonderful. Development under construction, stage of action for me, and how blueprints i

Unknown Speaker  1:53:26
Yeah, I'm sure they'll clarify the price thing.

Matthias Miller  1:53:38
I mean you could say you could also change this to say

Matthias Miller  1:54:02
what want to say something like, like, smallest projects? I don't even know. Yeah, it's we did our smallest project in a month. Longest project has been multiple years. I mean, and many of them end up taking,

Speaker 3  1:54:17
yeah, I think, I think any project should be from once development started, it should be they should have something their hands in a year. Oh, yeah, never had anything that has not been that. No, that's where there's

Matthias Miller  1:54:31
they've waited for deliverable for more than a year. Rarely, that even, I mean, once you start development, rarely, even more than six months.

Unknown Speaker  1:54:42
Well, the development includes in depth design, which,

Matthias Miller  1:54:48
right, but, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:54:52
it could just be, oh.

Unknown Speaker  1:55:00
Yeah. Well, I could say,

Speaker 3  1:55:12
depending on complexity and well complexity, that this can vary from

Unknown Speaker  1:55:20
a few months, up to a year. I don't know, one

Speaker 3  1:55:30
of my favorite lines I often use is, you know, in some ways, this is probably like finding your favorite contractor to build your build you a house. It's going to take them longer than you wish to get started. It'll take longer to do the project than you'd wish. It's going to cost more than you wish. But once it's all done, you are so glad you chose them, so just kind of twisting the pain knife just a little bit and the premium thing, and almost making the pain a feature. So, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:56:05
people know that busy. People are there. People are busy. People are busy for a reason.

Unknown Speaker  1:56:10
Yep, okay, well, I don't know.

Speaker 3  1:56:15
We could probably start pushing into specifics here, and maybe I don't know how much to do now and let them take a crack at more stuff and

Speaker 3  1:56:34
moving in, I like what they're saying. The first paragraph is pretty good. It's a dream, a concept blueprint. Now it's reality. We don't just hand the keys and walk away. We help you move in and attack and settle down. Assist you to ensure the software flawless in your operation has all it needs to press forward with confidence. That feels good.

Matthias Miller  1:56:52
I think the other thing is also, we stay on call when your faucet starts leaking. I mean,

Speaker 3  1:56:58
this is where Are your property management company? Oh,

Matthias Miller  1:57:38
I is it keeps how it keeps jumping around. It keeps losing. It does for me too, yeah.

Speaker 3  1:57:50
Oh, and this whole support thing is just silly. Not free support for three years. I think one point they had thought that I should do that, but it just bumps the initial price up. And, I mean, I couldn't. I could include $15,000 for the first year of maintenance, but no, but people like, I mean, I don't know that anyone loves writing out that first check, but it's brings down the price of the initial software for $15,000 i Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:58:30
actually, we charge

Unknown Speaker  1:58:32
tenants from day one.

Matthias Miller  1:58:40
Here they have a property managers,

Unknown Speaker  1:58:45
evergreens. There it is, yeah, oh, there you

Unknown Speaker  1:58:54
go, okay, yeah, I mean, I think there's

Matthias Miller  1:59:06
the essence of this is really good, yeah, please, let's not put Luke in charge of layout design. And he's not. I I also feel like, are these, are these going to be offered individually or all together, I think, all together. So is there a way we can have an overview page that shows like, like a map our side, we have our DS their side. They have, like, napkin sketches, like, almost like a software on one side, the that on the other, you know, and then both parallel terms the whole way through, so you get a big picture of, like, Okay, this is the process that we're going to go through, and I'm going to go into the details,

Unknown Speaker  1:59:51
yeah, like that.

Speaker 3  2:00:00
Let me see if I can file insert. Can I insert a page?

Unknown Speaker  2:00:22
Okay, we'd add an initial

Speaker 3  2:00:29
overview cover page that shows the four DS and the corresponding analogies. One, like really help people understand the subsequent sheets.

Unknown Speaker  2:00:59
Yeah, okay.

Unknown Speaker  2:01:03
Well, good. Well, I think we can let them take a crack at it, then we go

Matthias Miller  2:01:07
from there. So I like it. This is good. Feels to me. I don't know how you feel. Feels like anytime Luke is involved. It takes a little time for these things to take shape and develop, because they've got a picture of the end product that we don't have. But this is really, to me, very core, essential,

Speaker 3  2:01:25
yeah, yeah, collateral, I feel like we've hit a stride with them, where I still feel they're they're a bit corporate and expensive, which is probably what people say about us, but they're helping us deliver and I mean, the value that we get out of Ed Luke is just phenomenal. Yeah, so I think we keep them on as coaches, and we do try to keep everything else lean, and we provide the written collateral, etc. So, yeah, do we just ask? I mean, do we ask them to write some kind of call to action emails for these next for these, next, they're doing, like, two ads

Unknown Speaker  2:02:05
filler, ads for us.

Speaker 3  2:02:08
I'm and I'm fine with saying that. Or, I mean, we could even or, do you want to do something? I think it's kind of up to you here.

Unknown Speaker  2:02:16
What are the ads

Speaker 3  2:02:21
filler I think I got an email about it here somewhere. One is an overloaded pickup truck, which is a little bit cheesy, but I've learned to and let's just stop, let them be cheesy if they want to sometimes. And just bugs me to no end. But this is not having, yeah, two ads in a row.

Unknown Speaker  2:02:55
Right there, spreadsheets, the overloaded pickup truck.

Speaker 1  2:03:06
And they don't. Oh, let's see. Oh, see if

Unknown Speaker  2:03:11
I can share with you or not.

Speaker 4  2:03:14
Actually, whichever account I have up here doesn't have access either. I Okay,

Unknown Speaker  2:03:27
code house and code draft was coming up. There you go.

Matthias Miller  2:03:50
Um, I mean, what I would do is, like, literally, this could be an email and at the bottom it could be a PS, Mark still talks about the vehicle article series, okay, yeah, like, PS, we wrote an entire article, or, you know, series of article explaining how this is like, like vehicles. I don't know what you call it, like reply. To get one reply if you haven't seen it kind of a thing, and give it a little to me, It's a value. It's a fun little value add. I

Matthias Miller  2:04:54
I mean, we just doesn't belong at the beginning, it wasn't just road, but I. Uh, we just wrote, oh, sorry, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  2:05:09
yep, great,

Speaker 3  2:05:13
cool, good. Thank you sir. I literally think we've got the machine in place that that we should be at 2 million in like three years and 5,000,006 Yeah, and I don't want to overrun this thing. I mean, at some point here, I'm going to be asking 30 year old sons to be helping manage this thing. So yeah, let's build a smooth machine that just we all are super happy with, rather than so fast that we hate our lives. So yeah,

Speaker 1  2:05:52
okay, thank you, sir. Awesome. Thanks. Yep, take care. Yep. Thank you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai