Speaker 1  00:00
Well, there's only a few of us like most small abt nonprofits. So it's easier to help us learn how to delegate into our volunteers or each other, you know, so I think that was good. And I also liked how I felt like you were the most prepared person. But I wouldn't like out of all the sessions that I went to

Speaker 1  00:23
you I loved our little study, get Actually, it's sitting next to me right now. Like that,

Speaker 1  00:31
because I'm going to share this with, there's two individuals in particular that I think need a little bit more assistance, delegating.

Unknown Speaker  00:42
I want to share that with them and hopefully help them understand.

Matthias Miller  00:45
Cool.

Matthias Miller  00:47
Good, good. That's awesome. That's, that's helpful. Um, can you think of anything off the top of your head that would have made it made it better for you?

Speaker 1  00:57
Know, I felt like it was pretty good. I signed up.

Speaker 1  01:03
When I went into the whole conference itself, I'm a first time participants, but I've never been so I didn't really have any expectations of what was going to happen to me.

Speaker 1  01:14
So that's how I came into it. Wasn't expecting anything. From

Matthias Miller  01:19
Yes, yeah. Yeah. That's cool. Awesome. And then last question. I'm, I'm working on putting together breakout session proposals for the fall conference in Denver. And, yeah, obviously, I can't speak on it. I'm not. I'm not the world's subject on everything. I have a. I know what I can talk about. And, and don't but just curious from you was, is there anything that you've got? That you would say, Man, I would just absolutely love to hear a breakout session on on this.

Unknown Speaker  01:51
So first, I guess time we can.

Matthias Miller  01:56
So Sure.

Matthias Miller  01:58
So one of the things that we're looking at it a lot of is around is around leadership. There's some around we've done some work with nonprofits on building custom databases, and kind of advanced tracking and Advanced Management with, with with different software tools and those kinds of things.

Matthias Miller  02:22
We've been looking at things like, but but I also have a bit of background in marketing. And so some of the things like some of the things we're looking at is, is executive director burnout in the leadership side, engaging millennial donors on on the kind of the marketing marketing side

Matthias Miller  02:42
looking at, at taking a look at how to how to use databases to, to manage this might be more interesting for foundations possibly, or kind of depends on the type of nonprofit, or maybe to manage, you know, manage grant grant accountability and some things like that.

Matthias Miller  03:01
Those are some of the

Matthias Miller  03:03
areas I think there's that there's a few more, but those are some of them. Were looking at

Unknown Speaker  03:08
those all sound good.

Unknown Speaker  03:12
Am I giving you any feedback?

Speaker 1  03:15
Because like, I know, our executive director has been here a while. So I'm going back to the first one. So that is good. I hope you've never feels burnout, he has field a lot of passion for our organization. So I hope he doesn't ever feel that way.

Speaker 1  03:33
Because I know there was another session I was going on at the same time as yours. It was succession planning. Right. And I thought that was would would have been one but he didn't go to that one.

Speaker 1  03:45
Just in case anything happens. And just a nice have a backup plan anyway, any like, it doesn't have to be executive director, it can be any program staff, for any any stuff. Yeah, that's true. And then you think databases. So for us, we I know I've been asked a few times from different organizations like which databases that we all use, because it's every single one of every single organization I've ever been in paper, there's no matter what it is, or I need every single nonprofit, I've never heard one. It's like, Oh, I just absolutely love this database, I get as much as possible out of it. So currently, we just switched over to using more of our donor database, we had one before. But it wasn't what I was thinking it was, I guess until I came on, took it over.

Speaker 1  04:42
So now are my goal is to like use it effectively, and see how they're engaged with us. So I just like today, I just added an event to us. So it'll all go through our database. So that way I can see if our if this donor is going to this event, and how are they if they're going to volunteer for so kind of all using a whole whole inclusive database? I don't know if that would be good. So anything database related, I think would be a big ticket, I guess, to nonprofits, they would love it just to know like how to use it better. Yeah, like you said and making the customary for you because like I can add custom fields and things to make it exactly what I want. So I put I've been doing. Yeah. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  05:32
That's a good one. And I'm gonna actually we don't actually take a look at

Matthias Miller  05:37
even surveying nonprofits about what databases they are using. And just to better understand

Matthias Miller  05:45
kind of kind of what's going on there.

Unknown Speaker  05:48
And there's so many. Yeah,

Speaker 1  05:51
like if I had one of our nonprofit friends call me a few weeks ago, if he was just asking around to see which one everyone liked it. He's like, I've called like six different nonprofits and they'll have different databases.

Matthias Miller  06:10
Wow.

Unknown Speaker  06:14
Good side.

Matthias Miller  06:16
No kidding. No kidding. Yeah. Okay. Well, that's, that's helpful. That's good to know. Yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  06:24
Or, you

Speaker 1  06:26
know, because your business isn't just focused on non profits to focus on everything.

Matthias Miller  06:32
So it's, it's focused more broadly, but one of the interest or it has been up until recently, I actually have fairly strong affinity to, to the nonprofit sector. But then we've done a number of projects for nonprofits. And so we're actually looking at narrowing our focus more specifically to nonprofits. Okay. So, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  06:52
there's this

Unknown Speaker  06:55
some super millennial of me,

Speaker 1  07:01
Facebook group that I'm a part of, called the non nonprofit happy hour. Okay. And it's like, global, pretty much. People ask questions, and they're constantly of like, what should I do for this? What are the tax laws for this state or country? It depends on what when they're so they have very, very broad in there. So that might be if you want to see like, if just join it, and then see what questions people ask. Yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  07:36
The rest of the world is often eating.

Matthias Miller  07:39
Yes. Yeah. That's it. That's a fantastic idea. Oh, I've got it pulled up here. And I'll

Matthias Miller  07:46
join when I when we get off the phone. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  07:53
They like

Unknown Speaker  07:56
equity.

Speaker 1  07:58
Do more like thinking on it need to make sure like all the staff, and volunteers and things. So they try to make it all the same. So it's kind of

Speaker 1  08:10
an interesting learning from them. Because I'm not one to post I just read. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  08:17
Visual visual person of what's happening, I guess. Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  08:22
Oh, that's, that's fantastic. I should have thought of doing that. But I'm glad you suggested it to me. That's.

Matthias Miller  08:31
That's great. Cool. Good. Awesome. Well, yeah,

Matthias Miller  08:36
all of that is superbly helpful. So I just wanted to thank you for your engagement in the in the breakout session, and yeah, if what I fell asleep before, then maybe I'll see with the Denver conference.

Matthias Miller  08:54
Sir. Sounds good. Sounds good. All right. Regardless, thanks. Thanks a lot for your time. I really helped me. Alright, sounds good. Take care.

Unknown Speaker  09:03
Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai