Matthias Miller  00:00
Okay, cool. Thanks. So so one of the big questions that I had was,

Matthias Miller  00:06
obviously, I want to do my best to, to make it make it sound exciting and interesting to get people there. But then I'm going to be doubly sure that I actually live up to that. And just wanted to get feedback from you on, on whether, like, did it meet what you were looking for did fall short? How was it for you?

Unknown Speaker  00:30
And it was great, actually, I'm

Speaker 1  00:34
That's it, it was what I was hoping to sign up for kind of getting some good ideas of things that you can delegate, I thought it was super interesting when you talked about like delegating your inbox. And I've given an awful lot of time and thought that I'm like, Wow, that's really, I never really thought about delegating some of those just daily things that I do every day that I really don't have to do. So it's kind of made me look at that a little differently. For sure.

Matthias Miller  01:01
Cool. Okay. Awesome.

Matthias Miller  01:04
That's, that's helpful, any, any, anything off the top of your head that would that would make it that would have made it better.

Unknown Speaker  01:14
Um, you know, I,

Speaker 1  01:18
I love the workbook. And I've looked at it a couple of times this week from the, from the conference. And I know like,

Speaker 1  01:26
at the end, when everybody all the OCD people in the room, we're trying to figure out, like, what all the blanks are in.

Speaker 1  01:37
Kind of interesting, and I know that, you know, the the tool there is that when people listen and fill in those blanks, they like, Listen, they listened better, they're more engaged. And I appreciate that very much as a tool. And I recognize that because I had done another class that was that had the similar kind of thing. But if you had mentioned that, in the beginning, I think people would have been more engaged in the workbook itself. Like, if you follow along in the workbook, you know, this will be on page, whatever, then we have a place to take notes. Plus, you know, then they're filling those names those things out.

Speaker 1  02:15
In the beginning, I thought it was kind of funny, when all the OCD people put their hands up and said, Okay, so on page four number this and that. Right, and

Speaker 1  02:26
and then I realized that I clue, I clued into that earlier, because I hadn't done trainings with those those types of that type of tool before. So happy that you met earlier, I think that would have been better for the rest of the class, although it didn't really affect me so much, because I was following along as I should have been.

Matthias Miller  02:44
That makes a ton of sense. So yeah, yeah, that's really helpful. And I also got feedback to from, I didn't do a good job highlighting, you know, when I was when I was, you know, making a point, that's also in the in the workbook. And I think that's learning how to do these things together. It was, it was honestly my first time I've done other presentations, but we put the workbook together specifically for this. And it's the first time I facilitated a class like that. So that's, that's really helpful. And, you know,

Speaker 1  03:13
honestly, I felt like the workbook when we walked in, and all the workbooks were out, I thought that was incredibly generous. That immediately struck me as well, this guy really wants us to get this material from him. Like he's really giving us a big, it was more than all the other classes had given you like, the other classes, you were kind of lucky to get a handout with that, something on both sides. So I thought that the study guide, the workbook was really, really nice. For sure. And and really, had you integrated that a little bit more into the presentation. That really is the only thing I could say, would have been better. Yeah. But yeah, I think it was great. And I've been using the workbook and, and, and using the information. So I appreciate.

Matthias Miller  03:56
Super, super awesome. Cool, less last quick question. I'm actually we're, I'm putting together breakout session proposals for the Denver conference, and I'm going to be submitting this one again. But curious if you had things off the top of your head that you were like, man, I would totally love to have a session on on this.

Unknown Speaker  04:16
Um, you know,

Speaker 1  04:19
I really did kind of go for the delegation stuff, you know, just to have I don't know, I think I'm not sure. I think that the one that you did was really pretty good. Really good for and it was kind of exactly, you know, what I was looking for, for this year's conference. So it's kind of I don't, I'm not sure exactly how, what you would be able to offer verse, you know that.

Matthias Miller  04:43
Right. Well, and certainly, certainly I have to filter out what I actually feel like I can add value to versus right. So,

Matthias Miller  04:51
okay, well, good. Oh, that's, that's super helpful. Thanks. Thanks for taking the time and, and thanks for free for patient in the

Matthias Miller  05:02
breakout

Unknown Speaker  05:03
get information. Yeah, thanks.

Matthias Miller  05:05
Yeah.

Matthias Miller  05:08
All right. All right.

Unknown Speaker  05:09
Good weekend. Have a good week. Yep.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai