Matthias Miller  01:44
Hello, Hey, Tyler. How are you? I'm all right. How are you, I'm good.

Unknown Speaker  01:55
I don't have anybody else on my side joining.

Matthias Miller  02:00
Sounds sounds good. Let's just jump in here. I'm going to share the this thing so we can both be looking at it. Sure, sure. All right. So this is the this part right here. I don't

Unknown Speaker  02:24
know if you can see that, yeah, yeah. I can see,

Matthias Miller  02:27
okay, yeah. That part the sales coding, coding, drafting and contract. That part, obviously, is the piece that I care the most about. And so on, the sales process, when things are going to the CRM, from the CRM to paradigm, what exactly is going into paradigm at that point? So so

Speaker 1  02:56
we are, well, that will be what's going in the paradigm from there, depending on the CRM piece that's still a little bit in, in process, I guess you would say. But eventually the idea there is only what is considered a sole job or a actual customer would be what would end up in paradigm? Got it all right. We're trying to keep that database of customers pretty clean on the paradigm side. So so if they're just a lead or somebody checking things, but they're not really committed to making a purchase yet. We're going to keep them out of the paradigm that

Matthias Miller  03:46
makes sense. Okay, so then is the plan. One of the questions we had as well was core building, details and features. Does that belong in? I mean, is that? Where does that first hit? Internal systems, okay?

Speaker 1  04:07
And let me just kind of explain. I've been here about six months, okay, internal IT, and kind of discovered these different various projects along along the way, all kind of being splintered out. Actually, you guys have been probably involved in this process longer than I have, I think, through some of this, but I came on board right as we were launching into paradigm ERP, and so I've quickly tried to get up to speed on all of these things, and this document we're looking at was really just a byproduct of me trying to sort out in my head what's what's going where so, so I say that to say I think on our end, the. We're open to some guidance and some some suggestion on some of this. Okay, clearly, because everything on here, you know, there's several products here that can kind of handle different parts and pieces of the same thing, but unique as well. So anyway to make sense, to give you my best understanding, is so the the building specifics are going to be housed in smart build, right? And smart build then generates the specifics, the drawings, the dimensions of the building, the takeoff list, so the shell of the building itself, all the parts and pieces there that piece will actually generate a quote based on pricing that's coming out of paradigm. That is a export, upload sort of scenario. As far as you know, they're just smart bills. Just going to be looking basically at a flat file of prices

Unknown Speaker  06:19
exported from paradigm at

Speaker 1  06:22
some frequency yet to be determined. Okay,

Speaker 2  06:27
and then we'll push that Bill of Materials basically, over into, well,

Speaker 1  06:35
tentatively, over into paradigm. You'll see paradigm, and you'll see paradigm post frame. So post frame is a product we just got access to last week, that is their product management component, or project management component, I should say, so, from the point of signing the contract that that piece will, for sure, handle and track rest of the construction process through its various stages. After we kick the job off, there is a chance part of my task currently is to determine whether it could handle also the tracking of the leads as well. Sure it, it would have some, some level of CRM tendencies. Will say it's, it's not a CRM. They're not really developing it to be a CRM. However, we have discussed using it to track the leads, but triggering marketing and all of those things may come

Speaker 2  07:52
from a product our our marketing team uses, that's cloud based, that we would integrate called go high level, yep,

Speaker 1  08:05
or potentially, you know that that is not decided at this point either. There's been some talk we use Manheim marketing, which I don't know if you're familiar with them or not,

Matthias Miller  08:20
but I actually met

Speaker 1  08:23
with them. We've explored a little bit of other options, Sugar CRM or crap a CRM. Our challenge there, with the CRM side specifically, is that we need the front end, the user end, to be on prem in house. Yeah. And so that's kind of where we talked to one of their developers with crap a and more or less, he looked at this and said, there's too many cooks in this kitchen already. You don't need me if you've already got, you know, code crafters and other folks that can do custom software. So that being said, there's, there's still ongoing conversation about that as well. So that's kind of where we're, kind of where we're at.

Matthias Miller  09:18
It's, it seems, as a side note, just the models that we've seen work well elsewhere. I We don't want to replicate marketing automation, anything wherever whatever needs to be stored internally. Yeah, you know, and self hosted stuff, and again, whatever that ends up looking like. If you can get something off the shelf, great. If you need us, take a look great but fundamentally syncing that to a marketing automation tool set that Manheim is happy with you. I'm sure you know enough about about all of that stuff that you. Yeah, yeah, it's nothing to rebuild.

Speaker 2  10:03
I agree. I am fully with that concept.

Matthias Miller  10:09
So, how? Okay, so, so, I

Speaker 1  10:17
know you know, just, just kind of a little bit more on. You guys may have felt a little bit of a we're ready to go, and now we're not ready to go. And what are they doing? Well, that was partially probably my fault. Of I don't think anybody here, until I put this together, understood, you know, we've got all these moving pieces trying to happen at one time, and we've kind of got to get a handle on what we're doing with each one before we spend a whole lot of time building out duplicate things. So that's kind of the point we a couple weeks ago, I kind of tried to reign reign in a little bit what, what all we're trying to do. But,

Matthias Miller  11:05
yeah, I understood. And I got a little bit of that same sense of like, Okay, we're ready to go. And then, I mean, I was pushing back a bit because, I mean, we really need clarity around which, I mean, can we? Can we build some of the core, core stuff? Yes, but I am nervous about even starting that without a clearer picture of what's going in, what's flowing out and when.

Speaker 1  11:34
So I I know in discussions we've had on our end, but we've determined that as far as equipment lists and things go, the smart build piece is going to have to come first, because that determines several things. You know, you can't decide the length of water lines and things like that, if you don't know the size of building you're building now, whether that's integration between you guys and smart build or you know that that's one area I was a little curious about of you know, are we looking at trying to push everything out of smart build into paradigm, and then you guys pulling it out of paradigm back into to what you're building? Or are we building some integration with both smart build and the paradigm

Unknown Speaker  12:35
side? As far as what's happened?

Matthias Miller  12:41
Well, my first and question I would have on that is, is there any loss of information going from smart build to paradigm? And so if literally everything is present, then sure, the way that we've typically approached these types of third party integrations is, I mean, some form of ETL model. But what we found works best is to replicate the source, systems, data model, as close as possible within silver loom. So it's basically a read only replica. And then do do the transformation inside of silver loom. It just it gives us it. It does a few things. One, it makes the it reduces the complexity of the integration. The integration is dropped. It simple. It's just data feed, right? And then, and it allows our developers, then to, you know, I mean, to it well, so does that. It lets developers, then it gives them visibility into the transformations that need to happen and just in terms of troubleshooting things. But then, even from a, from an upfront design standpoint, it's, it's way easier to kind of be working with the, you know, what's the, what's the smart builder, paradigms, data model and what's, what's ours, and how do we need to bridge that? So that's typically our preferred method. I don't know that it matters which one it comes from. Or, you know, my only

Speaker 1  14:26
I was just saying, you know, the really, the only reason I would see it needing to be, you're

Speaker 1  14:42
not going to have the information in paradigm until smart builds

Speaker 2  14:48
completely generated a quote, because that's when I think it would push that over into paradigm.

Speaker 1  14:56
So, you know, I don't know if the. That creates a timeline issue for those guys when they're

Unknown Speaker  15:08
generating that or not,

Speaker 1  15:14
I guess they're going to, I mean, they would need to have that finalized anyway of what

Speaker 2  15:18
size the building is and stuff, before they started putting the equipment

Matthias Miller  15:25
that's list together. It's that's true.

Matthias Miller  15:34
And all the all the metadata I'm not familiar with how I always assumed paradigm was much more of a manufacturing type program and less of a, I mean, that's, that's got, that'll, that'll, I'm very unfamiliar with how, how that's structured, but that'll have, like, the building dimensions and all of

Speaker 2  15:59
those, Yes, that's all going to come into the to the job, yeah,

Matthias Miller  16:04
yep, okay,

Unknown Speaker  16:07
that will come, as I say, that will come out

Speaker 2  16:10
from the smart build design, but it does flow over into paradigm, Because paradigm will then trigger, you know, manufacturing the trusses and ordering all the equipment and the materials and all of that, then is managed on the paradigm side.

Matthias Miller  16:33
Okay, so let's say, okay, so timing's the question. Seems like all the information should be in paradigm. So then we would pull that information in to create the shell quote, I guess another question then would be, well, sorry, let me finish my finish my thought, generate the equipment list with whatever customizations they want to make to it. It's out the equipment take off to go back into paradigm one of the questions would be, how do we want to generate quotes from there?

Speaker 1  17:10
So this has been a point of discussion several times. So post frame, which is paradigm product has ability to import basically multiple sets of documents into one central place which would be considered, you know, the quote. So it wouldn't necessarily be that we're generating a one single PDF, per se, with the quoting. But you get into that proposed job, so it will do versions of the quote. You know, you get your list of things that would make up the contract or so. In that case, you're going to get an export of all the drawings and the material list and stuff out of smart build coming in as one piece,

Unknown Speaker  18:06
and then the material the equipment list would be coming in as its own piece as well. They now

Speaker 1  18:16
that's currently how we do our contracts as well. They, they, they don't itemize the dollar amount of every piece of equipment, but there is a building, building amount and equipment amount,

Unknown Speaker  18:33
and then the total.

Matthias Miller  18:36
So basically, we'd be the funded fundamental change from how things are done now is that currently, the building and equipment is both in the same document, and in this case, we break it apart into two PDFs for the customer.

Speaker 2  18:56
Yeah, essentially, yes. I mean, they're going to get it all in one right, printed out document I need to double check,

Speaker 1  19:08
I know paradigm has no problem handling that multi document piece. I need to double check that they have the capability then to generate that kind of summary page of, you know, here's equipment, plus the building. You know that

Unknown Speaker  19:28
that total and kind of a summary of the overall cost and contrast. But I

Unknown Speaker  19:44
sure that they can but

Matthias Miller  19:50
there's a question I need to look this up. Give me one second. There's a question that I had off the heels of that i. On the

Unknown Speaker  20:18
another i Hmm.

Unknown Speaker  20:23
Well, Michael, bug you if I ask you a question

Speaker 1  20:25
while you're looking for that, yeah, another, another big piece that we probably have to figure out. And I know how smart build and post frame would handle this, but let's say we've gone through we've made a we've made a quote, and then there's a change to the to the building. They decide to put their loading dock on the other side, which, in relevant to you guys, would change what part numbers and things we have on the egg equipment, because it's now going to face the other direction. How does change? How does it change order

Unknown Speaker  21:10
get handled in that,

Matthias Miller  21:16
yeah, what we were talking about doing is essentially creating a copy of the I think it's much like some replica of what they're doing with their Excel spreadsheets, but in more formalized fashion, but creating a replica of the quote, letting them make any changes, and then creating a Delta for the takeoff, which with, you know,

Speaker 1  21:43
prior version, I say, like, yeah, I was gonna say that's pretty much. So you can do multiple

Speaker 2  21:51
versions, or, you know, quote one, quote two, or version A, version B, whatever, however they want to do that in smart build as well, where, you know, we just generate another version of the quote. And likewise, on the paradigm side, it then can have multiple,

Speaker 2  22:18
you know, multiple versions as well under the same job. But, you know, it's like, quote a, quote B, type, okay.

Matthias Miller  22:27
So, I mean, so realistically, we could literally just push the whole quote across to a separate version, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  22:34
I think just single version B, yeah. So it would be, would be handled on the paradigm side,

Matthias Miller  22:48
then I assume we're going to need some kind of way to say,

Matthias Miller  22:57
here's A here's a new, smart build quote and and we want to revision of this other one, right?

Unknown Speaker  23:12
Yeah, the link those up, yes.

Speaker 1  23:21
So so on that now I am kind of leading the process now on all of these stages and projects here. So I found myself interjected into all of them. I know you've worked some with Earl, and Earl will definitely still 100% be involved, especially on how it functions and that kind of thing. I'm just trying to be on a little bit of a higher level with the especially the three main things here. We've got the smart builders, the paradigm, and you guys and CRM eventually, when we kind of back burner the CRM piece for the moment, but just to try to bring continuity across all of these so I'm more than happy to

Unknown Speaker  24:16
get You know call or meeting set up with with

Unknown Speaker  24:22
Anthony and Derek at paradigm, if needed, okay, on their API and their

Speaker 1  24:31
integration as well. I don't officially have that contact yet with smart build, but can do that as well if needed.

Matthias Miller  24:42
Well, I would start with because we're not clear that we actually, I mean, it's not obvious that we actually need anything from smart build. Yeah, I don't. Well, here we are, right.

Speaker 1  24:54
The integration there with smart build and paradigm is, is actually pretty tight. They. Actually used to be the same company. And they're kind of divisions of they split into two separate companies, but they they are. They have a shared history together there. So they may know quite a the paradigm. Guys would probably know quite a bit about

Matthias Miller  25:23
that makes sense. Just this is, this is more of a curiosity question, but I'm curious. Smart build has a 3d configurator. I'm curious, why? Why idea room over? Or does smart build not have a public facing?

Speaker 1  25:39
They don't. That's, that's the only that is the only reason I can can guess as to idea room being in the mix too, because I've kind of wondered the same question, because I'm like, aren't they doing the exact same thing? But the smart build piece our grafters will use and and we're building out the idea room. Piece is really just the website. So the other piece to that is we are not doing so there's kind of two things here. Idea room actually hands all of their stuff into smart build. Okay, so, so idea room does not have a direct integration into paradigm for one and and at this time, the only thing we will use IDEA room for is non poultry barns, which we're not currently selling and haven't for the last about five years, because the poultry industry is so saturating our our business that we really don't do that. The i The idea room piece is a little bit of future planning, as if we, if and when we see the poultry stuff start to slow down, we'll start pushing that more. But for the time being, it's just kind of there as a future, future, use smart build, on the other hand, that we are working actively to get all of our standard buildings in our poultry Poulter buildings set up and built in smart build, and to move away from the manual drafting with Tecla and SketchUp and all of that makes sense. Not saying that's going to go away 100% right now, but definitely a more of a in my drawing here, I have updated one thing from what you have, there's the RFQ meeting, and it really was in the wrong place on what you have there. It's not, it's pre the contract. So it's, it's, I moved that circle over to it's over the quoting and drafting. Because eventually, what the what the idea here is, eventually, is that we will schedule the RFQ meeting, which is when the customer really comes in and sets down for the first time. In the current process, right now, it's with the salesman, and they talk through all the options and they decide it, and then they pass it off to drafter. That takes, you know, a week or two to build it, and then we get them a quote back the idea with smart build. Or the hope is that will become one meeting. The drafter will actually be in that meeting with the salesman and the project manager, and they will essentially, by the end of that meeting be able to they're at the meeting, or fairly quickly at the mean, after the meeting, you generate the first version of the quote,

Unknown Speaker  29:05
nice, withdrawing.

Matthias Miller  29:10
Okay, well, good. This is, this is tremendously helpful, and gives me a much clearer picture of what's going on. I think logical next step would be getting a oh, it could. It could be one of two things. One thing that could be useful could be, if it's possible, to do a screen share walkthrough of paradigm, to look at it from a user perspective of, you know, what's the process from from the user side that could potentially be useful context getting started. I don't know that I would necessarily need that, but I think to have a meeting with them about their API and integrations might surface a few questions to ask. Uh, but it's likely straightforward. So one or both of those are, I think, in my mind,

Speaker 1  30:08
when you say meeting with paradigm to or a screen share meeting. So we, we do not have our instance of paradigm post frame, which is the project management piece built out yet it's we just started this week with getting access to it. So I don't know if that it, if you're meaning that piece, or if you're more on the what it looks like in paradigm, what the job is, order. Orders and all that in their combination of both. What I guess, what I'm saying is you might get a more fully encompassing of where, where we're going meeting if I set that up with Derek and at paradigm to kind of show you, but it might not necessarily be our specific data that you're seeing, if that matters or not.

Matthias Miller  31:03
I don't think your specific data matters. Okay, tremendously.

Speaker 2  31:07
So I think that would give us a better overall view of what we want it to be like than looking I mean, I'm happy to show you, yeah, paradigm right now, but it it will be not fully what we're we're looking for eventually.

Matthias Miller  31:24
So, yeah, no, that

Unknown Speaker  31:27
is there a particular daytime week that works for you? Are you?

Matthias Miller  31:37
Are you typically Mondays are typically what you're when you're focusing on this stuff? Is that right? I this stuff.

Speaker 1  31:44
Is that, right for me, I'm this is I'm living and breathing this daily, honestly, different things. So it's kind of my main thing I'm working on right now, one of the, probably the biggest one. So for me, I mean, it would not have to be a Monday, I would tell you, Wednesdays are pretty tied up for me. Most Wednesdays, other than that, I'm pretty open to any day of the week or time that we need to make

Matthias Miller  32:20
it work. Thursdays are usually terrible for me. This this Friday would be a great one. I'm open anytime from about, I don't know, eight, eight, mountain, nine, central to two, Central. I

Speaker 1  32:43
Okay, I've got some stuff going on that morning, but I could probably make that afternoon work.

Matthias Miller  32:52
Definitely, my afternoon's not great. Well, sorry, until two, right, right. No, I get it. You're Yeah, yeah, no, we got, we got some time in your afternoon, like, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  33:06
anytime after lunch would be fine for me. So okay,

Matthias Miller  33:13
if not that at this point, Monday and Tuesday, I typically prefer afternoons. I try to keep my mornings open for other things, but Monday or Tuesday of next week at this point are pretty open.

Speaker 1  33:29
Okay, let me touch base. So Derek and Anthony are both the two guys at paradigm is more on the development side, so definitely want him in there, but I will get with him and get his meeting set up. Okay, sounds good. Feel free if, if you need anything in the meantime, email or text me, or I think my email signature should have my cell phone number on it, six number,

Matthias Miller  34:11
let me, I'll shoot you a message on my personal cell too, because I'm okay. I I treat email mostly like I try to treat email like snail mail, but,

Unknown Speaker  34:22
yeah, I know.

Speaker 1  34:25
And then we try to ask people to use a app that no one else is using, and I get that that's probably not very convenient to try to look at.

Matthias Miller  34:36
I don't mind. I just, in this case, it just never came through. I don't know how to get the notifications to work anyway. All right, sounds good. Okay, awesome. Thank you. Thank you. Appreciate it. All right. Sounds good.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai