Unknown Speaker  00:53
Been with us?

Matthias Miller  02:59
are you I'm doing good how are you so

Speaker 1  03:08
doing well Wayne as off today or he had another conflict or another meeting at the same time and while we'll just continue on without without him so sounds good here and I was wanting to see if we could stop by

Unknown Speaker  03:42
the o'clock at the latest at some things I need to wrap up before end of day yet so that works for you. Yep, that works

Speaker 1  04:00
so I think the main thing for today is is accounts receivable through the other for real quick and and AR unless you have other other things to cover, besides the first one was just a note maybe Nicholas has reached out to you he was working with and get some purchase order template set up on the phone menu and ran into some troubles there. That's just an FYI that he's going to be reaching out to you to for help on that

Speaker 1  04:50
documentation on software processes. Just a note from last time. I'm gonna check with Wallace on that Yeah, directly

Speaker 1  05:10
go ahead. Oh, no, that was I think that's where we left it. You wanted to work with ls on or see where they're at on that on timeframe on documentation on on that?

Matthias Miller  05:31
Let me check one thing here.

Matthias Miller  05:48
Okay, so what we're going to do here out that's where it is.

Matthias Miller  06:08
Difficult in here. We'll see if I can, I think we had, I was running into an issue exporting this. But let me see if I've gotten a place where I can generate the export, we do have a draft

Unknown Speaker  06:32
it's not

Matthias Miller  06:40
it is definitely not the most elegant. There's still some things in here that I think I would idealize cleaning up a bit. But I don't have a problem with you. sending this over to you?

Speaker 1  07:01
I think it had more to do with we were talking about further documentation on other processes, and we kind of landed on the IMS stuff, Josh record really does not like documentation. We'll skip that for now. And what and I think we'd sit well, what are some other areas where we could or should look at? Documenting next? And I think this was the area we we landed on?

Matthias Miller  07:38
So my understanding my understanding?

Speaker 1  07:43
Well, what I was thinking was was there might be some work on your site, it's not that we're we were we were trying to figure out that we document more processes, OR, or NOT from certain parts of our software. And that while this, this is an area that would probably make most sense to do next, but I was thinking you might be doing work on on this yet. Get it to where it what was the previous the payroll module documentation? Is that that you've done and send out?

Matthias Miller  08:35
Yeah, we have a we haven't draft it's not at the level of payroll payroll module. It's missing multi company support. It's missing some cleanup, but it's about 56 pages of documentation at this point. And I think the main thing, the main reason to keep it on the radar here probably is just to make sure I keep pushing things along on our end. But if you're not actually looking for a draft, I don't know that much else is required.

Speaker 1  09:08
Yeah, I mean, your your expectation is sometime within this sprint possibly have have that completed, right.

Matthias Miller  09:19
That's, I would, that's what I would anticipate. Yes.

Speaker 1  09:23
Okay, I remember now we had we told board support that or we'd said you know, next steps. Let's look at the costs on documenting payroll module. Let's get a list of things. Next, and cost wise, is this going to be similar to payroll module or quite a bit more? Because if it's if it's considerably more than I want to go back to them and ask for approval before we just go ahead and do it.

Matthias Miller  09:57
Yeah, it makes sense. Give me I'm gonna have to get in with get with Ellison this

Speaker 1  10:10
okay so not urgent but the fire is a good idea on scope from Alice yep that's right

Speaker 1  10:35
and I think where we'd left depreciation schedule just a few of my notes are a in italics, we said we will do the design now. Not sure if development will be done in Bangladesh or stateside which

Unknown Speaker  10:51
I think we basically said design now it doesn't matter at this point we don't need to know where it's going to be done right? That's right.

Speaker 1  11:04
And then my note down at the very bottom in blue there that will build only this four or five on the flexibility to move something out of CapEx expense will build only for this scenario under the assumption that move from capex to expense item is done prior to asset being put into service our depreciation has been expensed which would be put into service or depreciation expense does the same thing but just two different ways of seeing seeing it

Unknown Speaker  11:39
I believe that's what we what we had said on five rather than more complex version of we've depreciated a portion of this now we want to move it from

Speaker 1  11:58
epics project to an expense in how do we handle all the partially or all of how do we what do we do with the parts that have already been depreciated Is that Is that correct? Is that what you're that you're understanding? as well?

Matthias Miller  12:49
I think you're muted I'm sorry. Yes, that is my understand standing and that is firmly in my depreciation is firmly in my court and I think I will

Matthias Miller  13:14
put something on my calendar see if see what I can get knocked out on that

Speaker 1  13:26
cash flow statements I think the only thing there was, well two things you're gonna get times that would work for a learning meeting with your team. And then we're working on getting an estimate estimate on the scope of this project from Joel

Matthias Miller  13:47
Yes, I think after I think I would like to do the meeting with him first before we do get investment from Joel.

Unknown Speaker  14:14
Yeah, that that would make sense. Let me see.

Matthias Miller  14:32
Elvis is out of the office until about the next week, but we're gonna see. To see if he actually sure what his schedule available he actually is. It may be that I may have to wait about a week to get back with you and times and when we can do that.

Speaker 1  14:51
And that's perfectly fine. Yeah. Is he in Bangladesh? Does he need to go back like once a year err.

Matthias Miller  15:01
Yeah, they were back. It's about twice a year that he was planning to go back. I'm not actually sure. Is that a number of trips? I'm not exactly sure which one? Which one this one is actually yeah.

Speaker 1  15:27
And so AR so it a with the plate. It played a plaid. It's plaid. Plaid. Plaid, what is plaid means?

Matthias Miller  15:46
It's like a I mean, one of the things that means is the, you know, those checkered shirts of squares and big squares of different colors. I don't know, Ben, are there other meeting meanings? Besides that? I feel like I've heard it used in other contexts, but I'm not entirely sure.

Matthias Miller  16:14
pattern are? Sure. So it can maybe be used more broadly than that in some cases.

Speaker 1  16:27
So we're used with board, and we do want to go ahead with the plat integration. And you had said, I think something like end of May is is probably when you would be able to get to that. The integration? Yeah, that's right.

Matthias Miller  16:55
That's correct. Unless they do some kind of I don't know. I mean, it's possible that I could work in other places before then. I'm not playing the

Speaker 1  17:15
game, the other part that will need to be built out or with plaid are not going to be done before that anyway. Right. Right. That's correct. or would there be I mean, if if, if you were to go and integrate this afternoon, for whatever reason, just that in itself, wouldn't do a whole lot of good for us with it.

Matthias Miller  17:38
Well, if I went and implemented it this afternoon, Dwayne would call me up tomorrow and be like, Hey, let's figure out a way that we can tie this into our existing processes with reports. So

Unknown Speaker  17:55
gotta know.

Matthias Miller  17:59
But I haven't thought through I think I think there is some feeling that we need to for verification and other pieces like that need to be done? Oh,

Speaker 1  18:12
yeah. It seems to me like the next step on this is just like we didn't finish its inventory and the other rare designs is that you will not take this and come up with a design proposal for us to sign off on before we move ahead with AR part of of this or is that? Do you feel like the bulk of that is, is covered in that in our accounting proposal already?

Matthias Miller  18:46
On the on the AR front? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  18:54
I'm pretty relaxed about AR as far as the FDA proposal is concerned. Yes, there's going to be some tweaks and edits but once again, we've got built in flexibility, not too worried about that. Now for this particular AR process, and how it's going to affect sales orders and the verification fields and all that stuff that's required. Yes, we are going to want to some kind of proposal for that. detail that out.

Unknown Speaker  19:24
That is trying to think where where are we at with priority on what do we currently have on the table with you as far as design proposals, I know we have depreciation and we have

Unknown Speaker  19:43
AR is there anything else we have on the table right? Well, okay, I know we have that Accounts Payable

Speaker 1  19:55
portion of it. Which is, is there anything else besides If those three

Speaker 1  20:08
are the reason I'm asking is to me it feels like the AR portion of it is could be the top priority

Matthias Miller  20:20
we've got on my list is a little different list but similar transaction verification depreciation schedules possibly stripe imports for undeposited funds. I don't know maybe plaid will give us that AP for Josh, which might already have been done. Not sure.

Speaker 1  20:42
Well, AP for Josh, so you're referencing to the work he needs to do for AP or

Matthias Miller  21:03
splitting out skews into multiple payment accounts perhaps.

Speaker 1  21:11
And is that also whether we start with a we always start with the purchase order. Can we start with an invoice?

Matthias Miller  21:20
Yeah, and I have I have an update on that if

Speaker 1  21:26
you're meeting this morning with with with Josh, we were so who's Sorry, I keep interrupting. Okay. Up until you finish with your with your list.

Matthias Miller  21:41
Okay, so we can get back to the AP, which ash reconciliation with APS and POS. I think this goes back to transaction verification, I'm not sure. class assignments is a non issue. I'm just gonna deactivate that one, I believe we had something to minimize data entry errors. And I think there is a lot of kind of hand wavy stuff. That's kind of the fees all in the neck on the kind of upcoming phase. After that, we've got things like ACH payments, income statement, comparison, expense, class allocation, non inventory, building items, etc.

Speaker 1  22:31
So, is there do you see any reason why we did not do ar first?

Matthias Miller  22:42
No. The only possible reason to do. Okay, I think don't see a reason not to do ar first.

Matthias Miller  23:10
The only thing, the only caveat I would add is, we probably still be good to be pushing ahead on the cash flow statement conversation, meeting with Larry, just to make sure that Joel is good with what he needs. And it doesn't have any kind of surprises on the development process. But it would be a seeing about this earlier today. We've got too many irons in the fire with on the accounting side. And it's becoming unmanageable, at least for me. And if we could narrow down focus wildly, to say, I don't know if this is appropriate or not or where this would get us in trouble. But I'm going to throw a proposal out that plan integration is number one. And we'll be able to start seeing some immediate benefits and then more thoroughly specking out. Actually, here's what I'd like to see.

Matthias Miller  24:16
We we split up the current things that we have in different project owners. So number one plant integration, I own I drive it forward. And let's get this thing rolling as much as possible, Dwayne sounds like he's got skin in the game with with AR and if I think he's got some pretty clear ideas about what he's looking for in the verification process in the fields and reports and stuff. And if if he could help drive that part of the design forward, it would alleviate some of the mental some of the mental stuff for me and then if we can hear from the cash flow stuff, Cash Flow Report, as long as we get that meeting set up. That's it. There's not really that much more than that. But it would, in some ways, it would be easier for me to wait to design the rest of the AR stuff, until I've got a clearer picture of what plaid is going to look like.

Matthias Miller  25:25
Wasn't a very clear proposal, here's, here's my proposal, I don't know if I like it or not, here's my proposal one. I just started focus on plaid. And we get, we get that basic integration rolled out so that we can start pushing that data into assist. And once we've got that, we've got a clear data, clear idea of how plaid works, if for how they handle stripe. And, and at that point, we started looking at AR design. Now that might throw schedules off, but it would be the easiest way for me to manage my my capacity, what are your thoughts?

Speaker 1  26:20
I think it makes sense because you're correct. Dwayne has a pretty clear picture on parts of AR like verification report on that site. I think I'm pretty clear on the accounting side. There's been while you're focusing on plant, there's nothing that would bend Dwayne and I from from continuing to, to iron out exactly how we want AR functions to work is there I mean, I make it seems like that would be really speed up the AR design then once the as soon as the integration is done.

Matthias Miller  27:08
Correct. And Dwayne's already got a great handle and some of the things we look for in some of these designs. So

Speaker 1  27:17
yeah, and then the cash flow can happen. won't require Minkin almost happened in parallel with

Unknown Speaker  27:26
same time without taking a lot of your time. depreciation. Wait, A P. B, we had some extra time with Josh this morning. So we talked about APs and things and I know you talked earlier beacon

Speaker 1  27:54
had an interesting discussion from from Dwayne would like to see things and Josh put pushed back in some areas like that he thinks would be better done another way. So Josh, we ended with Josh he's going to go to Joel and see if see if, if Josh is crazy with his ideas or Dwayne's crazy with his ideas

Speaker 1  28:31
it was all good. But yeah, so I mean, at this point, there's not a whole lot we can do on AP anyway, until we get some of that. So I think your proposal is you focus solely on the plat integration. And if we get time Dwayne and I can try to further Hone AR in kashflow will do you know, as soon as schedule availability as soon as works for Allison, everyone to schedule that with Laurie and then we can continue with that. Yeah, I think that's good. The plan integration. Do you have any idea on I mean, are you proposing we the skip or next several calls I actually Wednesday 19th I will not be available. Anyway so are what are you thinking on plan I mean, yeah. And you know, instead of doing it and end of May, you would be doing it much earlier.

Matthias Miller  29:40
Yeah, my goal would then then be if we're doing that, then my goal would be to get perhaps even in the now I've got much of next week spoken my

Matthias Miller  30:03
My goal for sure would be by the 12 the goal and the goal I'm willing to commit to is by the 12 My secret I'm gonna see don't tell Mark goal I'm gonna see what I can do don't tell Mark goal would be to see if we could actually get that done by end of next week before some of these other other commitments come up in search until the waiting

Speaker 1  30:39
when these other commitments, is that stuff outside of this, are you talking about other parts of accounting?

Matthias Miller  30:48
No, it's stuff outside of this. I've got some I've got a peer group I'm attending beginning of May and we've got another client project in well actually, it's FTA it's FGI Focus Week, last week of April with Nick I'm going to peer group and meeting with in May and get another client project it's going to take about a week in May my time so

Speaker 1  31:16
yeah. Okay, that that makes sense. There's one thing I want to throw in here yet that that has me rest the the started taking a good hard look at how we're actually all the different methods were paying builders. Would it work with our current payroll module will it not there's more work we need to do on our site to see if basically, what happened is we started with a basic concept and kind of evolved through to do a little bit of variation to the process here we do another slight variation here well is the cold hard facts we realize that software can do things well consistently but it can't do this, but with a slight tweak over here and then this modified slightly over here, it can't do that very well. So and I'll know more on that by Monday. So I would push to I think we we should still do the Monday meeting once were were on what are some absolutes that we have to have what are some things that we can change on our process on how we pay and review that with you just to see what that could potentially do to payroll module and or the labor portion of the finished goods inventory build out which is kind of late in the game to be talking about stuff like that now that we've designed all of it but so all that being said if if we could still do the Monday meeting and bring you up to speed on what we have there and

Unknown Speaker  33:47
I think that could affect its inventory build on it maybe we'll well yeah it it will have an effect on that and hopefully it's it's it's very minor things can keep on moving with just a minor change but not then we at least know what we're looking at.

Matthias Miller  34:19
Okay, sounds good. I'll plan on that and then plan at least on no other through the end of through the end of the month and I will focus down on plaid. See what I can get done with that. And think I should say looks like I should be able to see

Matthias Miller  35:02
I should be able to coordinate with

Matthias Miller  35:10
ya know, keep chasing the time and schedules, I should be able to get something to you from LS even if he's out of the office, so she gets some options. And we'll go from there.

Unknown Speaker  35:26
Okay

Speaker 1  35:31
makes sense. i Oh, one other question that came up on plaid. Do you have any idea on cause? What would play at costs? See what pricing is? Are you have you worked with plaid in the past? Other clients

Matthias Miller  35:58
know me see ones with their

Speaker 1  36:08
but it's a company that they co crafters would have worked with them already? Are?

Matthias Miller  36:14
We've not actually not directly. Plaid is.

Matthias Miller  36:26
Like they're the we've not worked with them directly. But they're the they're a fairly substantial company backing. I don't know if you've heard of Venmo? Well, I don't know if it's behind Venmo. But some of those they're along the lines of strike when it comes to size and reach. Okay. I guess if we, if we're looking for alternatives. I mean, they're kind of the go to just because this is their business. And they're developer friendly and all and all that they're lying saying

Speaker 1  37:16
to Medicare, I mean, they're like stripe to credit card processing. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  37:34
So they're starting fees are $100 a month, three month commitment. Custom level pricing plans, ie scale plans, they say are closer to typically 500 a month with an annual commitment but lower per use cost.

Matthias Miller  38:04
And it probably depends a bit on exactly what we're doing. For example, sending money versus pulling bank information.

Speaker 1  38:22
Initially, that's all we'll be doing is pulling bank information there in the future. There's a chance we could look at them to send money but initially pulling bank information

Matthias Miller  38:40
I can see if I can get

Matthias Miller  38:48
Do you have any idea? Do you Do you know offhand? So is it? Is it three bank account? Or is it how many accounts are we looking at?

Unknown Speaker  38:57
Well here have actually asked Dwayne to choose several of them make sure that all of the banks we're looking at integrate with

Speaker 1  39:22
right, so we've got well, straight would be considered one bank account, right or financial institution.

Matthias Miller  39:32
Be one institution but you would have three accounts with them and guessing. So what does it all

Unknown Speaker  39:39
mean to send you this list? Here's what

Matthias Miller  39:51
Well,

Speaker 1  39:53
I don't know that Wayne Duane was was going to chase this. So maybe coordinate with Dwayne, we basically live have to add you know, let's get started in that if the price is prohibitive then we'll we'll revisit I mean we probably won't won't know for sure until we get into it well we

Matthias Miller  40:23
know we can do some if we have if we have an idea of the number of accounts and we're number of transactions mean total total number of transactions across across all districts, do you have any idea what the Trend number of transactions per month would be?

Speaker 1  40:42
I can with a little bit of time I can get that for you. They have all the QuickBooks export and a transaction would be no money paid out you know one one payment one debit or any debits and credits and any check this deposited would be one transaction or one payment we are account to a vendor would be a transaction Right?

Matthias Miller  41:15
Correct. And same with credit card so basically on your credit card or or bank statement. How many lines would you have total across all statements or all Yeah, in a month and then Dwayne's got

Unknown Speaker  41:39
well I mean I could send you the list as well I don't

Matthias Miller  41:45
all I'm really looking for is like a ballpark like every talking 1000 5000 15,000 Let me

Unknown Speaker  42:09
think we have something like well it stripe is the account then we have

Unknown Speaker  42:24
I think we can we can plan on that plus these two bank accounts per company so it's nine I'd say 10 to 12 and 10 would be good number 10 financial institutions we were working with

Matthias Miller  42:51
10 Sorry 10 financial institutions

Matthias Miller  43:27
so sorry, hang on. So 10 institutions, each institution may have mean is that some of the institutions may have multiple accounts as or is it about a single Is it a single account presentation

Speaker 1  43:46
I mean like Stripe saying we'd have three accounts or anything

Matthias Miller  43:55
so I don't know if this place exists but Berlin credit union you would have one checking and one credit card with them for example. And stripe you would have one account a one stripe would be one financial institution with you know say three accounts per one per district

Speaker 1  44:22
I mean, we some we would have taking account in a flourish account or a sweep account words but we would not be there there would be no need to tie into like our Capital One credit card information or or would there? Would we tie

Matthias Miller  44:49
it make your account reconciliation a lot easier if you did it you just pull your credit card information across

Speaker 1  44:58
otherwise it's yours I know Whitney's just doing that manually looking at going online to the credit card like once a week and just posting everything that happened that week into

Speaker 1  45:15
if we do that I didn't think about that but but any any credit card accounts that we have as well should should be part of right

Matthias Miller  45:30
yes should

Speaker 1  45:37
okay so if we do that we're adding another six maybe okay and the other question was if we have with a bank if we have checking and a savings account it would be considered two accounts

Unknown Speaker  45:58
Yeah

Unknown Speaker  46:02
No, I don't think we have that to speak

Matthias Miller  46:24
Okay, well let me see once I'll see what's what I what I can get here

Speaker 1  46:30
I should have some transaction amounts for you

Speaker 1  47:13
So, about 140 I'm gonna say about 140 per week

Unknown Speaker  47:34
so I'd say something like 600 A month

Unknown Speaker  47:43
or that's per company

Matthias Miller  47:51
per company. Sorry.

Speaker 1  47:53
Yeah. Yeah. So we'd say what like 15 So I think it'd be fair to say five five financial institutions for a company with 600 transactions Bond

Unknown Speaker  48:21
got it

Matthias Miller  48:34
Greta here is typing sure what else she needs? Yeah. I

Matthias Miller  48:49
think that likely gives me everything that I need on my end. I'll see once

Matthias Miller  49:06
Yeah. Okay. So you'll you'll,

Speaker 1  49:12
you'll take a look and then just update Dwayne an eye on what you find as far as estimate on cost. Correct. And then we'll we'll Yeah. Just an estimate, but give us the Susannah ballpark we'll

Unknown Speaker  49:35
let you know that to go or we have other options. I mean, if if, what are other options? Are there any other viable options?

Matthias Miller  49:53
Integrating directly with a bank, not a viable option.

Matthias Miller  50:04
There may be some other I can see if there are other providers who do this. As an alternative, I

Speaker 1  50:11
guess the main look looking at big picture, something that integrates seamlessly in cause, you know, hours a month more than something takes requires more maintenance, you'll, you'll eat up that $50 a month, quickly. So it's

Matthias Miller  50:42
yes, you will. The other thing that plaid has it almost nobody this is, this is one of those cases where market leadership is worth. I mean, goodness, I don't know what it's worth, it's probably actually worth billions, but they're, here's a great case in point of network effect. So plaid is number one, because of that, they're processing more transactions so they have more visibility into what works and what doesn't work. And they integrate with more banks, which makes it more likely that you can work with them and they can invest more in their infrastructure and so the reliability is going to be higher and it's one of those businesses where I think the difference between number one and number two player can be pretty substantial just because you have a whole network of merchants you have a whole network network of banks and there's there's a feedback loop there that is really really strong it will Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  51:43
Yeah, so good. So you'll get us an estimate on that. We'll do the meeting the 17th and then there was no meetings through the end of the month and unless something drastically less at pricing is is it would have focused on playing integration now until May 12. Yep Yeah, sounds good hear

Matthias Miller  52:24
Yep, perfect. Sounds good. You should work

Unknown Speaker  52:31
very good Yep. Thanks guys.

Unknown Speaker  52:37
Thanks yes

Matthias Miller  52:56
went straight from call with Mark to children shooting a weird client issue. That's only that broke because of a edge update on Windows 10 Allow me to rant

Speaker 2  53:13
Well, this allow me to rant because my Windows 11 updated this morning and I thought I was gonna have to log in a stupid Microsoft account because I hate Microsoft accounts. Finally got so fresh it closed the lid came into work. And go and Daniel's like, help me figure this out. Open it up log straight in. Like what? What really

Matthias Miller  53:38
does do good times.

Speaker 2  53:42
I hate windows. Most days I hate when Oh. Like, I really wish that I could like somebody needs to jailbreak is all out of our OS nightmares. Like how? I don't know. I'm just ranting ignore.

Matthias Miller  54:02
I mean, I think it'd be Yeah. No, I

Unknown Speaker  54:05
don't want to go to Linux. back another OS nightmare.

Matthias Miller  54:14
I've had no issues. I see no issues. I don't think I have

Speaker 2  54:23
it's, you know, it's probably all Pencak airs. We'll just go with that.

Matthias Miller  54:29
Those are you know, pretty solvable. Yeah, sometimes.

Unknown Speaker  54:41
Sometimes I wonder if they're solvable.

Matthias Miller  54:45
Well, it's,

Speaker 2  54:45
I can I can solve my Pencak errors but all the other ones out there. Yeah. It's a little bit like this. What's my saying? Man? The whole world is crazy. Except for you and me and I ain't so sure about you

Unknown Speaker  55:11
anyway

Matthias Miller  55:14
Are you sure you didn't mean to say you're not sure about yourself anyway? Whatever.

Speaker 2  55:20
Do che that report from Mark, did he tell you just to disregard for now? Nope. disregard for now. This is this is the great thing about assist having transmission logs going back to who knows where is Oh, actually, can we go back and find the the verification report from such and such date? Yes, I can. I can go back and find the verification report from such and such a date. It was printed out, send it over to him. Oh, what's the word? Tell them in thighs disregard. Not a problem?

Matthias Miller  56:00
I'll tell Nick how easy that was.

Speaker 2  56:07
So here's here's the funny part. It Mark said he wanted one thing, what do you really actually wanted to know is Go search through modification history and tell me all the purchase orders that were you know, at such and such a point in there or vendor invoices that were such as at a point in their life as of December 31, that's what we really wanted. So makes sense? All right. Now begins the fun part of I'm probably gonna, I'm gonna cringe somewhat, because you spent all this time integrating with tight form. Now we got to talk about the next thing. 3d structure app. Okay. So these, well, you already knew about the conversation about either putting the configurator online or going and doing something with somewhere so the decision was board made the decision, we're going to we want to keep Matthias and well, okay, we want to keep Josh doing the things that he's currently doing, rather than going off and building and putting our 2d Configurator online, but we really need something to be able to do configuration stuff for customers. So I got tasked with going and looking at a whole pile of stuff and decided, You know what, let's go with these guys. Because idea rooms like eight months out, it takes them eight rounds to onboard somebody.

Matthias Miller  57:40
So I want to get this straight. You're not putting a 2d visualizer. Online, you're going with a third party 3d Designer.

Unknown Speaker  57:47
It's basically it's basically a quote tool.

Matthias Miller  57:52
Am I right, but I am not going to be involved in this in any way.

Speaker 2  57:55
Well, I mean, it the the involvement that you're going to have is somebody has to do the website work. Now if you don't want to do the website work, then we gotta go find somebody else. Okay.

Matthias Miller  58:09
Well, talk to me, but you're not going to join and all the pricing stuff.

Speaker 2  58:18
Yeah, I mean that all the all the configuration stuff, all the all the pricing tables, getting the modeling done getting like all of that. So here's, here's how we're handling this, we're actually doing an admin site, they do a multi site setup for, for us that will handle both new house in truepoint. Each, each one of those brands are going to be functioning as multi sites of the main site, which the main site is basically an admin site underneath as a separate domain. They're going to build special ZIP Code routing, so that the moment that you actually go to say, hey, I want to go into the visualizer. We're going to ask for the zip code and that's going to define pricing based on what where they're coming from. Okay, now, here's, here's the big question is for your side of things, there's it's two things one, what do you want to do with Typeform? Do we want to still use it or not use it anymore? That's the first question. Second question is website work to be able to tie in the links to going heading out from configured into configurations etc. that's those are all you know, questions that are going to need to be answered. Well FYI, FYI. Full ecommerce integrated with WooCommerce customer can go on there, configure a building and plunk down a credit card and buy the thing

Matthias Miller  59:48
What did you ask me about this idea?

Speaker 2  59:51
I'm talking to Josh about it. Okay. Should I talk to Josh about it?

Matthias Miller  59:59
What are you going to do with prices? discrepancies when people plant gun cash where

Speaker 2  1:00:07
discrepancies as in explain what you mean.

Matthias Miller  1:00:18
Like the visualizer has all kinds of fancy rules about what's allowed on a building what's not allowed on a building, and has fancy rules for pricing and all these other kinds of things. How are you planning to handle that?

Speaker 2  1:00:30
Well, supposedly, I threw a boatload of our special rule pricing, and supposedly they can handle it. We shall find out there's a few things that we're they're not going to handle things like they don't handle electrical items very well. Which means that if a customer wants to do a full on electrical package, we're going to push them back to getting a custom quote. Ideally, I mean, part of me really wonders how many customers are actually going to go straight up buy a building without ever talking to a salesperson. I predominately expect these to be quotes. And that gets you. Do you have anything you need for Nick? Did you did you tell Nick to hold off on the on the that check verification checkbox on the payments? Archie thing? Yeah, yes. Okay. Did Mark talk to you about full steam ahead on plaid? Yep. Okay. No, then I don't have anything for Nick.

Matthias Miller  1:01:50
I'm going to start taking him off these calls. I don't I have not seen a lot of cases where it's been useful to have a mindless,

Speaker 2  1:01:56
that's fine with me shoot reasons where we can we can invite him for special occasions if we need to. Yeah. Nuts sense tying him up? If he's not, you know, if there's not, it's not bringing value. I'm pretty sure he'll be

Matthias Miller  1:02:24
sure, if he's lonely, you can ask to join.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:32
Indeed, indeed.

Matthias Miller  1:02:35
But then you do know that all of these items have to be mapped out appropriately to

Speaker 2  1:02:43
hold on hold on back up, like put the brakes on that that is that is not that. Okay, so completely disconnected, not integrated, not at this step in life. Okay, so in other words, if a customer goes and buys a building, it sends off an email to the correct dealer and says, Hey, your customer bought a building, please go get this thing and, and put it into your system and whatever. I don't know what it's gonna exactly say. But yes, no disconnected at this point. I'm not we're not going down the integration route just at this moment in life.

Matthias Miller  1:03:18
Do we have webhooks? I'm assuming?

Speaker 2  1:03:20
Yes, they do have API keys. And it's a JSON export, exports a JSON file per order or quote, the integration of it. Honestly, Matthias, I think you spent two days you'd probably integrate this dang thing. Either from a quote standpoint or from I don't know about mapping it completely to build or diagrams. This, like, I feel like if we're gonna go that route, then we got to sit down and talk and plan and do all kinds of fun stuff.

Matthias Miller  1:03:46
No, we know.

Speaker 2  1:03:52
So here's, here's the thought process, essentially, what the, we want to have a quote tool that actually drives the customer through a visualization process to get them bought into what they're actually buying. If they go off and wander into the WooCommerce and actually buy this thing. Hallelujah. We're all excited about that. But for the most part, it's like, we want a they want to go to a more visualized approach rather than just a what, like what they're doing right now with type form.

Matthias Miller  1:04:29
Have you talk to the chat app about their marketing tools? No, should I because he's, he's had something I've wanted to. He said something and I would love to be part of that conversation. He said something that he swears up and down is the best thing since individually wrapped cheese slices. Okay, and I don't know if it's a 3d tool. I don't know if it's something else.

Speaker 2  1:04:53
Maybe I was just completely ignorant to this chip have a 3d visualizer Yeah. Do we have can you do we have a company that I could go and see what it looks like do you know if someone we know of a shed company that's using them then I could go look at

Matthias Miller  1:05:08
using shut up

Speaker 2  1:05:13
for some reason I didn't think Shut up had I thought they were more like no shed suite where they were just like a management platform.

Matthias Miller  1:05:19
They are the worst marketed company in the planet. And Eric has been on the guy's tail about the marketing and all this stuff and he's a product guy and he can't be bothered to tell people about it like there is no anyway it's it's it's a it's a rodeo

Unknown Speaker  1:05:42
well there you go No wonder I thought they didn't have one I thought they were just a competitive like shed sweet

Unknown Speaker  1:05:56
now I'm really really curious to see what they have.

Speaker 2  1:06:37
Montana shed center let's go see Montana shed heritage portable buildings

Matthias Miller  1:06:48
let's go see if these guys have something oh

Speaker 3  1:06:53
well Yoders does theaters theaters portable buildings. Use the same Yoders

Matthias Miller  1:07:03
theaters design your shed

Speaker 2  1:07:14
Oh, you thought our our websites slowly should try this I'll go away. Design Your Own cascade shirt take me where? Nope there idea room. Are you sure that that setup has a 3d visualizer Yoders you said what was it Yoders? What?

Matthias Miller  1:07:33
Six to 846 portable sheds. Enter a valid phone number. Well I'm going to put you guys's phone number in 618-936-2419

Speaker 2  1:07:51
design your shed where is it taking me where is it going to take the Come on Come on. Come on. Do something

Matthias Miller  1:08:10
request is not valid.

Speaker 2  1:08:14
Probability is done to come order form bla bla bla says they want to go design a shed where did you just take me your silly thing?

Matthias Miller  1:08:23
Yeah, you can't fill it out Montana shed center what are they say?

Speaker 2  1:08:26
zine your shed? Are they really gonna make me fill out the whole entire thing before I get there? No. I don't know

Matthias Miller  1:08:43
pass you on to our price page. Maybe they don't have to be too

Speaker 2  1:08:52
ready to start designing. Okay, fine. I'm gonna fill in this thing. Do a

Unknown Speaker  1:09:03
put in Dwayne The pain

Matthias Miller  1:09:17
the one here isn't working Yeah, that one is supposed to be the shed app. The Yoders portable but it's not working for me. Today at six to 846 for there's a good

Speaker 2  1:09:34
six to 846 design your shed. Okay, I'm in something now.

Matthias Miller  1:09:43
Oh, you got in. Yeah, hang on. I'm sure your screen it didn't like it didn't like me. All right, hold on. Share Screen. Share Screen. I need a hurry. Go

Unknown Speaker  1:10:04
Well okay

Matthias Miller  1:10:16
okay, it twirls really swirly let's see siding options again cable options down here got it

Unknown Speaker  1:10:38
was this do drag and dropped

Unknown Speaker  1:10:41
okay

Unknown Speaker  1:10:46
I'm dragging dragging okay fine let's put a fourth challenge to drag

Matthias Miller  1:10:52
and we'd be dragging we'd be dragging okay that worked okay that's interesting yeah we know the porch there that's cool never seen that always have a hanging window

Speaker 2  1:11:09
is powered by the ship so they do have something okay we got here okay let's kind of go okay got it interesting okay now before John great door options people seriously to click

Unknown Speaker  1:11:50
don't know that move interesting move

Speaker 2  1:12:13
nice they do have something I did not know well if you want to set up something we haven't signed the documents yet

Matthias Miller  1:12:21
okay I mean I have no idea who is this other guy running on WordPress?

Unknown Speaker  1:12:29
Yes

Speaker 2  1:12:33
You mean the shed is I'm sorry the 3d structure out Yes. It runs on WordPress it's a WordPress

Matthias Miller  1:12:40
hmm maybe terrified.

Speaker 2  1:12:44
I don't know should you be there well we'll go well what gave you the idea that you run on WordPress you said WooCommerce oh sorry. That's how much I know All right, let's go see how do I get into how does this website I absolutely hate the the core comp okay whereby let's just go where to buy where should I buy let's go no, that's not going to get me there this website I do not exactly like why am I using them 3d builder okay don't like your floor already but whatever moving on this is 3d structure at

Matthias Miller  1:13:31
you're just going with this because of price

Unknown Speaker  1:13:36
because timeline

Speaker 2  1:13:54
anyway, but Okay, so here's here's I'm going to actually use countryside Barnes is I think the company that the core the core company that designed this thing

Speaker 2  1:14:18
but I hate they have they have this like yard scene in the back of theirs and I absolutely hate it. So that's the reason I wasn't over there. But there's they allow you to upload inventory. You can whole nine yards. But I mean, the core question is, I guess for you is. Thoughts on, on type form thoughts on? Obviously you've built all this linking across from type form and actually creating these do we want to use some kind of combination? what's your what's your thoughts?

Matthias Miller  1:14:52
If we can one find one thing that converts better with higher quality prospects than what we have now. Like by all means, let's make Switch. I only want to test that why do you not want to write split testing for new house particularly?

Speaker 2  1:15:11
No. So new house. So here's here's how new house is doing because they do their their lead distribution differently than you do. So essentially, their lead distribution is going to hit. Like they have an online, like kind of like an online team where all the leads go to they don't get anything out there other dealers, so the routing on that thing is fairly easy. Your side is different since you're doing all this other lead distribution thing. So hence the reason to talk about how like what's what direction do we want to go?

Matthias Miller  1:15:43
Well, I don't know how to tell you what direction I want to go without knowing. I mean, everybody says it's easy to integrate, but I want to know, specifics.

Speaker 2  1:15:52
So do you want me to set up a? Well, okay, what what, at what stage of the game? Do you want me to start bringing you into calls with them?

Matthias Miller  1:16:08
At the point that, you know that it's it's at least a maybe from you?

Unknown Speaker  1:16:12
Or maybe from me on what? Using the

Matthias Miller  1:16:15
I mean, you say from them from these WordPress folks from the 3d structure? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:16:28
Just to be clear, you're willing to maintain? I don't know. I just want to know, detail.

Speaker 2  1:16:38
I mean, so here's here's the here's the conundrum that we that we find ourselves in. So you're heavily deep down in marketing and accounting stuff Josh has deep down in, in the stuff that he's got going on and working in accounting. It's like do do we want to shut down the entire plant and go off and do build a 3d visualizer? Or do we want to say no, this other stuff is just as important. Let's go find a third party provider. They decided to go third party provider.

Matthias Miller  1:17:28
All right. So

Matthias Miller  1:17:38
WordPress to me just screams maintenance nightmare. And maybe it's better written in design than I think it is. But I have not yet seen a WordPress plugin that I've fallen out of my chair, because it was this top tier product. Now this is at some point, you just gotta be okay with making making compromises, probably. But I'm just unless we can host this on an independent subdomain, and maybe this is what it is? Yes.

Speaker 2  1:18:21
Yes, that's exactly. Yeah. Well, I mean, either sub Well, probably not sub domain, we're actually probably going to host it on a separate domain completely. Okay. So it's not it's like, it's, I don't know, but what I don't know is I don't know how that how that works with each of the multi sites. I mean, this is where I get out of my league when I on some of these things, like, is it installed on the on the on the main domain, and then each subdomain or each each brand as well? I don't know how that talks together. But obviously, they have built a whole multi site platform where, you know, obviously, it talks back to some main platform. So my like, they pushed really hard because of because of like, initially, I said I want to go to Accounts, I want to go new houses separate account. truepoint is a separate account, they're like, that seems like a maintenance nightmare to to maintain information that's almost identical to each other except for the you know, the specific stuff per district. But at that point, they said, Well, we think multi sites a strong, that is the way to go. And I said well, great, let's let's explore that. Put that on a admin site. Probably going to use like insights, Insight has a domain we'll probably use their domain and put it on some kind of hosting and hosted separately.

Matthias Miller  1:19:45
Okay, so my questions then are

Speaker 2  1:20:00
Now here's here's the thing with is if you say, Hey, get me on the call with with these guys in their developer and you'll just, you know, hammer away on the questions that you had I can make that happen.

Matthias Miller  1:20:10
Let's do that if you're gonna separately hosted makes me feel a bit better

Unknown Speaker  1:20:21
yeah

Speaker 2  1:20:26
all right let me let me grab an email let me send Caleb an email. Good Caleb. Um, talk to me about your availability timeframes that are going to work best for you.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:51
Well

Unknown Speaker  1:20:58
could do

Matthias Miller  1:21:08
tomorrow at 230 Or three, tomorrow from 230 to 330 is open. March, march, march, march, march, march, march, march, march, march

Unknown Speaker  1:21:20
31. What do you say?

Matthias Miller  1:21:23
230 to 330? Eastern

Matthias Miller  1:21:30
my day three, good.

Speaker 2  1:21:33
I have my leadership team meeting, do you think it'd be more than an hour or half an hour? You think you need more than that?

Matthias Miller  1:21:39
I can do three. I could also do I could also do as early as two okay,

Speaker 2  1:21:49
I'm gonna ask for two o'clock Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:01
Assuming you were talking about Eastern Time, correct? That was Eastern Correct.

Speaker 2  1:23:12
I'm gonna include you on this. Yes. Bingo. All right. All right, we'll see we can get this set up. And, and then you can ask a bunch of questions.

Speaker 2  1:23:32
But honestly, the thighs what I like when he described when he described what they're the way their API works, the information that they output and the link to their, like, builder diagram thing that they put out. This sounds so much like what compass puts out, like from a from an like a, like a web hook integration. I'm like, we probably have a very similar structure of data coming off of these guys is what compass puts up? Sure. So it made it like, I don't think they're going to be talking to us in a language that, you know, it's gonna be really like, I don't know, I don't know what the like what that means. Exactly. I don't. I think from your standpoint, the best thing would be if we can capture, quote, information to what degree you want to capture, quote, and information, I think is probably going to be up to you. So that you can start routing this stuff then.

Matthias Miller  1:24:32
So the model that has worked smashingly Well, which I've been starting to utilize quite freely is go figure out what data model the vendor uses, replicate it in assist, import it straight from the vendor, and then go manipulate it however you want to to put it where you want it. So

Speaker 2  1:24:48
so basically build their data structure on our side, then we can talk to it. Yep.

Matthias Miller  1:24:54
And then if, I mean, I'm also interested in I don't know, how much do you care do you care about imports? have reverse stuff into their system. Are you just going to do that manually?

Unknown Speaker  1:25:06
Imports of our stuff into their system? What do you mean?

Matthias Miller  1:25:10
Oh, like pricing data.

Speaker 2  1:25:11
Now it's good to have manually fun. I mean, okay, the whole, the whole intent is to be as as light on the workload for for you and Josh, with this whole thing as possible. I mean, obviously, there's integration pieces you're gonna have to do in order to get leads out of this thing. But the idea is, you've got a ton going on with marketing and accounting, Josh has got a bunch of things on his plate. So keeping keeping those work avenues working the way they've been without the too much. Disruption is kind of what we're aiming for. Yep.

Matthias Miller  1:26:06
Okay, good. I have a list of questions for tomorrow. So trying to think if there's anything else, I mean, I think it sounds to me. Okay. So am I going to be doing the integration from this platform Indigo high level as well for new house? No,

Unknown Speaker  1:26:29
I don't think so.

Matthias Miller  1:26:30
So is it really anything that new house requires, besides, somebody has to go in on their website and change the custom quote page,

Unknown Speaker  1:26:36
fierce creative is going to do that for them, you're only doing 3.0.

Speaker 2  1:26:44
Okay, so maybe I'm just completely off base on this. But my plan is we, we set up the admin site, we build, we install it on the word, install WordPress and install this thing as a plugin. We build all the data structures, we get all the pricing stuff in, we test, we make sure it operates the way we expect it to operate. And then we say hey, Matthias, hey, here's creative. Alright, now we're ready to put this on on the like, we're ready to start linking up with the with the brand sites got it? At that point, then it's like, you know, how do you want this to feel from you know, the customer navigation piece? When do you want to hit like, how do you want to drive customers into this, etc, etc. But like, all of that stuff should be driven, I think from the admin side from an integration standpoint, so I am thinking, you know, maybe it's maybe if you go off and do some, like if you build a data structure, I might you know, it might translate to what you know, new houses doing maybe we just import all the stuff because all of their stuff would be coming from one place now. We could potentially say okay, you know, we spend some extra time and work and actually start pushing leads them through I don't know some other way but whatever. Like that's not the initial intent initial 10 You do truepoint Fierce creative does a new house

Speaker 2  1:28:13
got it? I don't think you're dying unless you're dying to get over there and do something

Matthias Miller  1:28:18
No, I thought this was oh, this was included in what they were doing well

Speaker 2  1:28:23
no, I mean, I I was trying to keep like I'm trying to keep this thing from like it like taking over your life because you know, these things tend to do that you probably already feel that way

Matthias Miller  1:28:48
yeah, this is another case of one of those silos and it just I don't know Anyway, silos of information anyway cool.

Speaker 2  1:29:05
Tell me about silos of information if you want to embark talk about the demark talk about the manufacturer price stuff today. That conversation Oh, good. Dude, my head just wanted to you know how you remember Do you remember the whole conversation about pricing Transmogrifier like this goes way back to when we were in design phase on on how to do pricing for sales orders etc etc. And it's been a while we did you know, we did the manufacturer price and then like the district level pricing for the for the sales orders. It's kind of like this whole sub set off of the main set, etc. Like it's it's a it's whatever. I knew this. I knew this back then. And I like the day is coming when somebody says why can't we Have manufacturer why can't we have district specific manufacturer price as well? Yep, today was the day

Matthias Miller  1:30:08
they did not.

Speaker 2  1:30:09
Oh dude. Don't even start like makes my head hurt. It makes my head is so hurt


Transcribed by https://otter.ai