Matthias Miller  00:01
A it's good, kind of interesting. So here's a little bit of what's up. I know you. I know we talked on Friday kind of about finding my groove and all of that stuff.

Unknown Speaker  00:19
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  00:22
my rhythm and I've been I've been working on, I'm getting Mindy, up and rolling with some of these projects, which has been good thing. The thing I didn't anticipate is that him and I were working so closely together that part of my rhythm literally is working with other people.

Unknown Speaker  00:47
Okay, cool,

Matthias Miller  00:51
which is ironic. I mean, anyway, it's just knowing my story. It's so ironic. But

Unknown Speaker  01:00
so

Matthias Miller  01:07
and with that too, I've got a client project that we don't have capacity for yet and or that I don't know how to I don't know how to fit these pieces together. And I wish I had a sidekick, that I could at least take them along through the journey. It would make everything a lot easier, as far as things motivated and connected with what I'm doing. And I don't know. And then part of me is like, anyway, part of me is like, well, this is a little bit of what it's like to get extracted from the day to day, but those things that I need to get that okay.

Speaker 1  02:01
And so with this project, who on the team is your primary person, this new client,

Matthias Miller  02:09
it had been, it had been Tim, and he's been, he's been working on, we kind of pulled him off for a little bit to get started on, on another, another new project to get that rolling. Okay, and this new project is a longer term project, and it's not that I couldn't put Tim onto it, but if we do put Tim onto it, well, that, well, there's two things. One is, I think Tim has, Tim has definite interest in, in not getting locked into just a single, single whale client. If you do pull them into it, it could end up consuming a good bit of his time and energy, which, yeah, I don't know.

Speaker 1  03:04
Okay, so what are, what are your possibilities? Like, what possibility do you have available? There's

Matthias Miller  03:18
an individual from from Canada, one of Tim's contact Well, yeah, one of Tim's contacts who expressed some interest in working with us. I'm not completely sure if it's a good fit for him. Kind of raises, raises some questions for me, in terms of, what should this role look like?

Speaker 1  03:41
But the new gentleman for Kim's friends. Yes, okay, so no. So my question is, on putting this on the table, what are the possibilities? Because you got these two projects, and now is Tim, the ideal person for this new client. I

Unknown Speaker  04:25
I can't hear you, dear. I don't know.

Matthias Miller  04:27
I'm thinking, I don't know. I mean, yeah, if, if he had 20 more hours a week,

Speaker 1  04:35
okay, okay, so he doesn't like in his, in his, his schedule, he doesn't is that the challenge? Correct? Okay, so my question is, do you need another temp?

Matthias Miller  04:54
Well, I think so, but at the same time, I'm half scared out of my mind. Mind, because I bring on another Tim and I mean, then we get some some traction, moving on this project. But then we, we got to keep we got to figure out something for, I mean, we've been trying to get the ball rolling on on lead flow, which we have a handful of months to get that straightened out. Okay, we could be in trouble again with that. Okay, okay. There is another contact. There is another contact locally here. I have not yet talked to her, but she is, she is another Tim and Mindy. She's, she's younger college grad from Boulder, and expressed an interest in business, business consulting. And so that could be a possibility

Speaker 1  06:01
here. Yeah, because if you if you need it, and my question is, do you need this additional person to get the ball rolling? Do you need this? You know, my question is, what's the real need? Because if it's just to get the ball rolling and get things positioned for you know, to get this off the ground, because we know that projects happen in phases, right? Yeah, right. And so the question is being phase one, and if there's some necessities that you want to get off the ground, then contractual is ideal, because it's for this specific amount of time to do this specific thing. And so I don't know how much God you've placed into that, but projects are in phases, and so in this particular project is something that you need to happen for phase one to get things moving. Then it makes sense to do the contractual piece, and before doing that, knowing specifically what you need and what is the time frame. Yeah. Yeah. So the question would be, can we do this? I don't know if it takes 30 days, 60 days, 90 days, but let's say you do a 30 day increment, I'm just guessing. And you say, Okay, I want to get this up and rolling. Also looking at the time frame for Tim, knowing when he can participate. You know what I'm saying. So the question is, Tim is, is a safe, a staple in the business and the company, but he, if he's your lead man, then support for Tim is excellent, and it could be on a contractual basis, you know what I'm saying, then that frees you up, like, for example, if this person can make a 30 day commitment or a 60 day commitment, the nice thing about that is Tim is not overwhelmed or over utilized. You've got this ball rolling that leaves you room to work on the lead and some other things with Tim, because I would, I would have see what's on the table to speak more to the moving part that's important. The importance is, what, what's your goal? What's your time frame, landmark for this new project? Let's call that project two, because the one that that Tim is working on is project one. He's in it. He's, you know, he's got a clue of where he's going. But then project two is here. However, project two need to be it needs to get to phase one.

Matthias Miller  09:02
Yeah, the the thing with project two, the thing with project two is this is, this is this could easily turn into a long term, okay, long term engagement, okay, and so maybe part of the part of the quest, I mean, maybe part of the approach could be seeing if we could bring this person,

Unknown Speaker  09:24
because you faded out, I didn't hear you.

Matthias Miller  09:27
I mean, maybe one option would be bringing this person on part time for a on an as needed basis for this project, to get this project rolling. The other thing that too, and maybe, maybe I'm just approaching this wrong is I've taken the approach of taking people like Tim, who don't really have that background, and getting them trained in what they need to, need to know and do

Unknown Speaker  09:55
which, which is a

Matthias Miller  09:59
trend. Tremendously scalable model. But it is, it is a bigger time it is a bigger time investment up front.

Speaker 1  10:07
Okay, and so the nice thing is, you got that on the table and and my question is, how much conversation do you have with Tim about what he desires to have his hand on and what he doesn't. So is our Tim and Mindy? I mean, Tim and Heidi identical is identical to Tim on the team. Mindy's mind is the closest, okay, Mindy. So my question would be, Mindy is not ready. Is that what it is, developmentally in the company, stop,

Matthias Miller  10:47
she's, she's getting there, but she's, she's working on project three.

Speaker 1  10:52
Okay, so, okay, so we got one, two and three. Okay. So, so your thought is, when it comes to Tim, if, let's say we build, we build a team around Tim, which would be Mindy, and your contractual person, and between or whoever that team, let's say Tim is a team leader, and let's say We more so view his responsibility as a team responsibility, which means he's the team leader. So be him being the team leader. He has two people on his team, this possible contractual person and Mindy. And between the three of them, can they manage one, two and three? If we looked at it in that way, yes, with

Matthias Miller  11:46
with the understanding that, and basically the way that we have it structured is that Mindy and Tim are having daily, daily coaching calls with each other, and then right after that, the two of them are jumping on a call with me. And so, so as long as we have that in place, I think the answer is yes,

Speaker 1  12:07
see, and that's what you want in place, because you boss man, you can have anything you want in place. And number one, I know your number one priority is taking care of your people. And so when you put, when you put Tim in a place of leadership, and he looking at what's on the table, because it sounds like he is the lead. It sounds like he is developing Mandy. It sounds like he can manage developing this person. And so having that pre conversation with him, once you've talked to the contractual person, letting them know this is an initial phone call yet, I do have a team leader, and I have to reach out to him, but I'm checking in with you first to see what your availability is. Do you see where I'm going? So before the conversation is had with Tim about him being a team leader, until you know things are flowing and things are structured and developed and you have a rhythm corporately, you're asking him, is that something he could see himself doing? Because when you have those soft conversation, then the first thing I would ask is that you have the conversation with the contractual person to see if they're available. Yeah, and just saying, What's your availability? I have some thoughts concerning utilizing your talents and your gifts and then having allowing that person to tell you, so you're not shooting yourself in the foot saying something and you don't have the receipt to back it up. Yeah, makes sense. A lot of pre work when, when we do the pre work, it makes life easy and simple for us all. And so that would be my question. My question would be, is number one, if you could write that down, is the contractual person available number two, what Tim thought about being a Team Leader? And then that's it. You get the ball rolling. And before you, before you talk about what one, two and three, them working collaboratively on that conversation needs to be had with Tim, because he's your lead. So what's the first thing we talked about needed to happen, the

Matthias Miller  14:44
contract, checking to see if the contractual person's available.

Speaker 1  14:47
Yes, yes. And then after that, what's number two,

Matthias Miller  14:51
having a conversation with Tim about leadership in general.

Speaker 1  14:55
Yeah. Team Leader is the title or whatever. How you want to give it, yeah? But that's what the description basically is, is leading the team, yep. And then what's the third thing

Matthias Miller  15:11
I mean? And then once, I mean, once we have that, then, then it's just a matter of getting the ball rolling with it. That's

Speaker 1  15:16
it, having that conversation, always this conversation with Tim, because if he's leading, he's leading, yep, and you trust Him. And so it's about, what do you see? What are your thoughts? What do we have to do? Because when you give him the lead, guess what, Brother, you become invisible. And that's what we we want you to become the Invisible Man, because you're building capacity. Yeah, so what is? What are your thoughts? So,

Matthias Miller  16:05
well, my next thought is, which of these two individuals do I reach out to, or do I reach out to both?

Speaker 1  16:15
Both, both the reason being, because you're getting it, you're building a bank of people. You're building a bank of people, and so you just have the conversation. Say, this is my initial conversation. I'm checking on your availability. You know, I have a team lead, but I'm reaching out. That's how you do it. You do it. You do global show. But does that help? Yep, yep, yep, it does. It does.

Matthias Miller  16:57
And then the next question that naturally follows is, how do we solve this? How do we how do we solve the marketing problem?

Unknown Speaker  17:09
Okay, and what's the challenge on the market?

Matthias Miller  17:15
Well, there's two challenges. One is, one is that that we're doing some kind of organic social media marketing, which is a ton of work, and take some time to get the ball rolling, and we need to get our messaging dialed in. And it's, it's so there's a little bit of a time issue with that. There's also, to be honest, a little bit of a focus, focus issue. Again, I always do better when I've got somebody, some kind of sidekick, working with me on this stuff.

Unknown Speaker  17:55
So who is your most likely?

Matthias Miller  18:02
The I think, honestly, my most likely that I have right now is Tim's friend from it was Tim's friend,

Speaker 1  18:14
okay, is he the guy? Is he in Canada, or is this somebody? Yeah, yeah, he's in Canada. Okay, and and, so what are your tell me what your pros are, and your kind of doing this with him.

Matthias Miller  18:33
Pros are that I could actually teach somebody else to do, to do it. He's he's got a little bit of an entrepreneurial bent, so if we bring him into more of the sales side he could get, I could see him really tapping into his, into some of his hunger in that okay, and and the con is simply we have to figure out if we can bring him On as an independent contractor, what does the international hiring look like, and how do we do this in a way that I don't know? I how do we do this in a way that doesn't compromise cash flow?

Speaker 1  19:18
There you go. Okay, so by that being the question, I think that piece has to be thought out first, because when you talk about having somebody alongside fiscal, fiscally, does it benefit you to do it contractual, with an output expectation.

Unknown Speaker  19:53
How long would that

Matthias Miller  19:58
take? So, the way these things you. We are structured. They're structured with like, $1,000 base pay plus commissions. $1,000 base pay for the first two months or so, plus two or three months plus commissions. But I don't want to do I'm a little I'm a little hesitant doing that without knowing that I'm confident with my stuff being dialed in.

Speaker 1  20:29
Okay? So I want to make sure I'm understanding. So does that mean now? Has he proven that he has a guaranteed output, or what? Why are you leaning towards him? Why is he the person I don't know, accessible person?

Matthias Miller  21:05
Yeah, well, maybe, maybe it's just a matter of looking at the person. I guess I haven't actively tried. Let's take a step back.

Matthias Miller  21:19
I did have a conversation with a prior business owner who's retired and was just looking around for he's basically just looking for something, something interesting to do background in sales. We had a conversation my I don't know that our values are a perfect alignment. Maybe they are or maybe they're workable. I don't know that he has a level of hunger that I would I mean, he should be tired and he's I don't know. Maybe he would do well, maybe he wouldn't. I really don't know,

Speaker 1  21:55
okay, but if it would, it how about because I'm always thinking about time frame and timeline. So what about a 30 day trial run with him? What would be his fee? Is it less? Is it more? What's his compensation?

Matthias Miller  22:18
No, it's a good point, and I don't even know what that would be.

Speaker 1  22:21
And so that's, that's number one, having that conversation, what are your rates? Go? Because that's honest. That's business. Yeah. And then again, I love when you initiate a conversation saying, Hey, I'm thinking about what. What are you doing right now? Are you extremely busy? Do you have time on your hands? Because I'm in need of blah, blah, blah. Okay, yeah. We start a conversation like that. The person responds, oh, okay, let me take a look. You see what I'm saying. Because initiating that conversation number one, you guys have have communicated, and by you having this in front of you, what you have to take care of, it's nice to give that person call and say, Hey, I really need to get a jump on Facebook, or I really need to get some, you know, get my leads together. What recommendations do you have? You see what I'm saying, because now you're tapping into his expertise. And one thing I know about a retired person, they love helping

Matthias Miller  23:32
when that may actually be an open door just into that conversation, rather than actually offering that first 60 days, is asking, Hey, would you have, could I have two to four hours of your time? And could we just sit down and map out what could you take a look at what we're doing and tell me what you see from your experience?

Speaker 1  23:51
Come on, that's it, right there. Because retired people, I'm gonna be honest, experts, love giving advice. Yeah, yeah, it's true. So it's about relationships, it's about inquiring, it's about finding out. So what are you doing these days? This is what my one of my challenges are, you know what I'm saying? Because now you're the you're the sun in distress. You know, yeah, and, and the fatherly thing is, hey, well, what are you doing? Tell me what you've done so far. So what I would do, I would have my ducks in a row before I made that phone call. And what I mean by my ducks in a row. Bullet point exactly what you need to get this ball rolling. Yeah, what you know already like or, or bullet point, what you desire your outcome to be, you know, because that's what he's going to ask. What outcome are you? Are you, you know, approaching or, or going after? Because that's. What it's about. Because remember, this is about you. It's about what Holy Ghost is saying to you. And so one thing I love about Holy Ghost, he always has provision for the vision. Always. That's our confidence. And so one thing I do, but guys, I have a sheet of paper, I have a pen, and I've already thought out the questions I want to ask this person, because time is valuable. So no, we're not going to shoot the breeze. I'm going to have some clear cut questions that I need to ask.

Matthias Miller  25:39
And one of those things could be back to that, to that CEO peer group that I was talking about on Friday, or whatever you want to call it, okay, maybe, maybe he's actually, I mean, that's, you know, one of those questions is, is kind of,

Speaker 1  25:56
is, is cash, I Don't know, yeah, but, but, but, like

Matthias Miller  26:01
the cash injection and, and, versus the long term, longer sales cycle piece of it. And maybe it would be the kind of thing that he'd actually want to work with me to build that out

Speaker 1  26:15
exactly, and that's what I want. I want you to keep in mind, because there's a possibility you've got some partnerships coming, sir, you're in a new place. Brand new place, yeah, so open up. Open them doors, open those doors. Lift up your head. Oh, you gay and be you. Lifted up. You everlasting. Doors, yeah, all of us are doors, yep.

Matthias Miller  26:44
It's it's weird because it's weird. It's not weird because I'm getting to the place where I can't I'm just not able to, even if I want to. It's almost like I can't do stuff by myself anymore.

Speaker 1  26:58
Yeah, you're done with that, brother, you're doing stuff days, man, you gonna sit down? I don't even know if that person exists. Well in large territory, sir. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  27:17
Alright. Well, that's I better stop talking to you before I get more homework.

Speaker 1  27:25
Yeah, you know, you know how we roll. That's it. That's all we are. We are the We Are The People of resolution. We not just sit here and talk about something. No, you you got a rhythm. You know, God is, God is moving, and we move with him, yeah, oh yeah. So again, I'm a phone call away, even though I got valor, I'm in the car. It's all good, yeah, oh yeah,

Matthias Miller  27:56
good. Well, I gotta, yeah. I gotta jump off. This is, this is exactly what I needed it and we'll we can chat some more.

Speaker 1  28:05
Okay, okay, I guess what? Heidi and I, we will be chatting at four o'clock today. Awesome. Yeah, yeah. So I'm excited about that. I'm excited. Yeah, yeah. So, hey, hey, I'm looking forward to it

Matthias Miller  28:26
sounds good, yeah, Ian. Ian Ian messaged me. He was like, can we just stick to work stuff, when what I'm talking to her? I was like, Absolutely, you can. You can stick to whatever you want to stick to. So,

Speaker 1  28:37
oh yeah, this is his call. This is his call.

Matthias Miller  28:43
Actually, sorry.

Speaker 1  28:49
What was that? No, I thought, I thought you were sharing something with me.

Matthias Miller  28:53
Oh, no, that's it. Yeah, okay,

Speaker 1  28:58
all right, well, were we on a roll, brother, but do your homework. Okay, and then let me know how to think about perfect. Appreciate it. You're welcome. Blessings on your day. Thanks. Bless them. Steve, okay, thanks. Bye, bye. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai