Speaker 1  00:00
Okay, okay, all right, we got it. Wonderful. Thank you for the poster. Yeah, welcome. So who's the drummer? Well, it

Matthias Miller  00:16
was a stock photo that I found. But I also have a I've got drums at home that I, I don't, I don't really play plant, any bird or anything, but it's, haven't used it recently, but it's one of my refresher tools, I guess.

Speaker 1  00:36
Okay, yeah, so is that a picture of you, or is that someone else? No, that's somebody else. Okay, okay, but beautiful I can it's inspiring. It is in full motion, yeah. So I'm grateful for that, and I apologize for not sending you your word and what I can do, because I'm much clearer in my brain than in my time right now there, there's been some back to back things going on in my family. I have a nephew. He has a great nephew. He has sickle cell anemia, and he's gone through probably about in this year alone, probably about 10 to 15 episodes. And we've, we've been on call. Yeah, he's only only 11. An amazing little boy. His name is Michael, and his mom and dad are spent and so, you know, whenever I get a 911 from them, I'm on call. And again, Matthias God is so good because he's such a trooper. But they are doing research and all kinds of stuff to see what works, and it's the majority of his trauma is in his stomach area, and so we're looking at his diet. And, you know, just hearing from God and believing God and standing together. So that's been a whirlwind this year. Yeah, with him, but, but God is good because he keeps his joy. Matthias, he plays the saxophone, and he's a clarinet, and he just presses through. He's a miracle. Yeah, he's a miracle. So when I saw those drums, I was like, Lord, you know, you know how to keep us moving, keep us going, you know? And one of one of my thoughts, Matthias, in this call with us this morning, is how multifaceted God is and how multifaceted we are, and we're still discovering who we are, yes. So give me an update

Matthias Miller  03:01
what's happening. I All right, where to start? So feels like I'm starting to settle into more of a routine, or not a routine, but more into more comfortable with with the flow. Just a simple example, Friday morning, I had a bunch of stuff I needed to get done. It just was not I would have had to force myself to go into the office. I went to Starbucks and ended up putting together a bunch of ads for for the business. And so that was that ended up being highly productive. And then once I did get into the office, had a very productive day at the office. And so I'm starting to see more of that. So that's really encouraging. Yeah, and the and we've had a number of projects at work that I've been trying to juggle. One of the things that I decided to do was to improve my work environment, so buying buying better, monitors, better desk, better chair than I'm going to be that stuff should be either getting there. Well, that's I'm all getting this week tomorrow, probably. So I think that's going to help also just creating, creating that as a healthy space to work from, yeah, yeah. And that too, seems like part of the part of the shift as well. On the personal side, it feels like things have been, you know, there's usual challenges with family life and all that, but it feels like you. Uh, there too. Just seen a lot of positive change. Okay, there as well. One of the biggest challenges has been, and especially in the past two weeks, has been, in regards to the situation at church. So there it's a it's a long story, but I asked too many questions and didn't get enough answers, and because I didn't fit into the set of answers that were being provided. It was that was I was in a leadership position for probably two or three years, and I was asked to step down. And so that's kind of been challenging the process. And there have been some other situations in kind of in the church that we had a guest speaker come in from out of town and and some of the stuff that he shared was, it was, I mean, it was, it was definitely on pointed. It felt like it kind of opened the door for some of these conversations to resume. So talking to a good friend, a good friend of mine, we've been meeting for for over a year now, once a month, and talking this through. And one of the things that that he said, he basically, he basically said he thinks it's time to go ahead and address these issues, and he's more than happy to to engage in that as well. So this feels like one of those things. But with all of this thing, I think one of the things that has been challenging for me to learn is not to carry more than that. I need to carry,

Speaker 1  06:59
yeah, to learning how to do that, practicing it, yeah, yeah,

Matthias Miller  07:06
yeah. And especially, it's the practical walking out, because there's so much stuff in any given especially Sunday morning, that I'm picking up and like, like, what's, you know, how much? Where's my responsibility? Start and End? Yeah, what am I supposed to do with it? In some ways, it's not my responsibility. But on another hand, I am seeing it, and so can I put this burden of responsibility onto the people who should be responsible for it?

Unknown Speaker  07:35
Absolutely, yeah,

Matthias Miller  07:40
and and not letting it fall through the cracks. But, you know, actually getting involved wearing where and how I need to. So that's, that's kind of, that's kind of a process of fighting for my piece. If there's a recognition that there's,

Matthias Miller  07:57
yeah, I don't know

Speaker 1  07:59
there's beautiful, that's beautiful. Matthias, that's huge progress. People, humans are complicated. Sorry, that is the nature of who we are. Matthias, what I am extremely excited about. You're talking about it, you're getting it up and you're getting it out. And I need you to make a note of that, that anytime you feel back in a corner, in a tight state, stress, frustrated, angry, that's your that's your umpire to say, back up. Who should be doing? What pressure is a is a good thing. Pressure is a good thing. It it gives us signals, Matthias of what's not working. Okay, yeah, yeah. And that's we need to know that. We need to know that as often as it exists. And I'm excited for you Matthias, because guess what, this stuff, this minutia, will not internalize into hypertension, diabetes, heart palpitation, you're getting it when, when you get it out of your system. Matthias, it's done. It's in the hands of God. When I say it, he's right there listening, because He always hears us, whether we're formally talking to God or informally, because I do it every day. Matthias, I get texts, I get phone calls, and it's all in my lane. Is what God has has developed me and shaped me and. Me to do, however, everything I do, I operate in wisdom. Matthias, I'm not saying this is perfect. I'm saying I perfectly know how to to execute wisdom. You're a leader. I don't care if you sit as you know in the infamous sitting down, whatever that means. I don't care if you relieve yourself of every duty you've been given. You're a leader that doesn't change. You're equipped to be a leader. You're developed to be a leader. You have experience from the eyes and the perspective of a leader, I set myself down for five years Matthias And when I went to church, I tried to be as inconspicuous as I could be. I tried to go places where people didn't know my name, didn't know my faith. Could care less because I was done. I was done. Matthias, what I had experienced in the ministry that I was in. I threw my hands up, and I meant it. I said, God, I'm done. And what that means is that cycle of my life, Matthias, that experience of my life, was coming to a close now, only God knows what closure to experiences look like. However, in my heart and my mind, I needed to rid myself of that experience and the environment and that happened how and we go back. We, you know, our perfect model is Jesus. He disappeared. Yeah, the disciples didn't know where he was. It was like, Okay, we know we had this appointment. We had agreed. No, Jesus was like, I'm not feeling it. I'm not coming. Jesus. Aren't you going here or there with us? He said, I'll meet you there, because you know what Matthias, he knew what his assignment was. It didn't matter what the disciples thought. We're sojourners. We're going through this segment of my life together. But you, you're not me. You don't you don't live inside of me. You don't know how, how, how, how I'm viewing this, how I'm perceiving this, how this is affecting me. Only you are God. Matthias, so everybody's not invited. Everybody's not invited. Write that down. Do you know we can be in an environment and not be of it? Matthias, the ministry I'm in right now, I go there and I This is between you and this, okay, it does not seed me. Matthias, I get nothing out of it. However, it's an assignment from God that. But I do have people in my life, just like your friend that you're meeting once a month with that we can exchange, we can dialog. We can sort out. I don't have to give names. They know what I'm experiencing. And I say, Okay, this well spirit said, This is what I'm thinking. This is my conclusion. You need that, Matthias, that's a necessity in your life. You Yeah, continue to give yourself permission. And I've learned home does not offer everything we need. Ministry does not offer everything the only one, and you know who he is, and you know him well, is our father, yeah, yeah. That, yeah, he knows the ins and outs of us. He knows how we're wired. He knows what hurts us, makes us angry, frustrates us, gets on our nerves. Jesus, how many times did he look at the disciples and say, What are you talking about? And did he not say to his father. How long, and I'm sure if I, if I could paraphrase it, how long will I be with these idiots handpicked by God, with one who would portray him severely handpicked by God? Yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  14:28
that's his life. And we wake up every morning and we give Him glory. I'm not when I give him glory doesn't mean I like it, but thy sin means I love you, God, and I know who you are, and I recognize you're right in this with me. You said you would never leave me nor forsake me. You know. And what I love about he knows how to mind his business, but

Speaker 1  14:57
he goes, son. Is that your decision? My. Decision. Okay, that's your decision. And then as you get into it, you go, Oh, Father, I don't know, is this the right decision? And then he'll say, Well, you tell me, because Jesus was big on asking questions, yeah, yeah. And you don't stop Matthias, even though the answers aren't sufficient, even though people get frustrated. Hey, guess what? You're on this journey with me. Whenever you're ready to give me an answer, it's okay if you don't have one. I'm one Matthias to always give people food for thought. It's the way they manage. I don't necessarily need answers. I don't necessarily need answer. I just need you to know thinking. That's what I need. I need you to know that I'm thinking. I need you to know that I can hear even though you're not talking. I can discern even though you're not exposing or sharing your side, your end, your responsibility is okay, cuz that's what I learned about Jesus when he chose his disciples. And I, and I, I don't know why I'm on this, and I do know why I'm on it, I'll reveal it before we get off the phone. However, he knew what they were thinking afar off. That's a grace from God Matthias. We have the same ability. It's called discernment. You're not responding to me. Is responding to me.

Matthias Miller  16:41
Yeah, that's very true.

Speaker 1  16:45
And what I love is what you did on Friday. Know what? This is not working. I'm out here. I'm going to my little spot, gonna hang out, be in a different environment. I'm not feeling my rhythm. When Jesus didn't feel his rhythm, he rested.

Unknown Speaker  17:02
Matthias, that's your cue. Hello. You allowed, yeah, and I do it. I'm doing it today. Normally, I pick up my great name,

Speaker 1  17:20
and I share with you guys. I have an army of a family. I normally pick her up at like, 255 she's a middle schooler in eighth grade, prepping for high school. She's not feeling well. Guess what? I don't have to leave the house, and I'm not leaving the house. Yep, that's a freebie. Like, yeah. God, thanks, because otherwise I would rest until the time to pick her up and then pick her up and come back and rest normally, because I dropped her off as a grandmother, and I stick around to see my sister, who is her grandma, and see her mom. And you know, sometimes some family members today, Viv is at home. Matthias, I have one errand to run. I'm running that errand, yeah, and coming back in, back in my peak days that I love, yeah, that is a requirement to remain healthy. You said it. That's my happy place, or that's my healthy space, or that's my safe space, and we need them. Jesus's safest space was with the Father. He was still away. Get with them and just say, You know what, Peter is a nut. He's crazy. I don't know what it's going to take for him. And then Judas, you expect me to keep walking with him when I know he's going to severely betray me? Hear me? Yeah? Matthias, yeah, yes, yes. We all exhale, and we all I have faith people that I can say exactly what I'm thinking and exactly what I'm feeling, no judgment. They just laugh with me and say, Okay. And I say, Yeah, I'm going to be okay, but I'm angry or I'm going to be fine. I'm disappointed or or I'm surprised. Yes, that's all. That's who we are. Matthias, we have permission from Father God to be who we are. Did not Jesus go into the temple and beat the money changer? Did he didn't he beat him. He beat him. Whatever he did, it wasn't pretty,

Speaker 1  19:35
because they were not listening. He turned those tables over. Now, if it was in our culture, they would have called the police who would have saw him on national television, and they would have framed the narrative, and it would have never been him submitting to God. It would have been this maniac who claims to be the Son of God is the servant the place of worship. No, he's doing. Father's business. Everyone's not going to understand the faith, and I don't expect them to.

Matthias Miller  20:09
So there's something I'm realizing with this too. Part of the stepping away, it's kind of what you talked about, biting your tongue. But for me, it's, it's hard for me to see a problem and not want to want to see it come to resolution and and not necessarily that. I mean, sometimes the answer is, like, really obvious, not necessarily that you don't engage people with questions and help them to get them thinking, but, but it's hard for me to sit still when, when I see these, these issues arise. And I think a part of this whole thing too is well, first of all, recognizing that, and then second of all, part of the stepping away is just to give myself a break, because I am hardwired to do that.

Speaker 1  20:51
And yes, you are, that's you. That's your discipline. And

Matthias Miller  20:56
it's exhausting when I'm in situations where I see those challenges but I'm not giving permission to to address them,

Speaker 1  21:03
and what's more important, your rent or chasing someone by the town? No, that's what get that vision you got, right? I had a Shih Tzu. He was the most friskiest little dog ever, and he knew his name was abundance. He was born on Thanksgiving Day. Matthias, a nightmare when he was in trouble doing what he knew was wrong. He'd look for me, waiting on me, peeking because they see me, and as soon as I go above, he'd take off running. And if it was something a shoe or something an item I needed to get out of his mouth, I would say, abundance. Why are you doing this? And it was because it was an attention getter, Matthias, he wanted to play. Yeah, and, and it wasn't that I was abandoning him or neglecting him. Was like, this is not the time. This is not the time I'm in the middle of something, or I'm on a call or whatever. And it never failed. But that was who he was, and that was his way of saying, I don't care what you're doing. He was, as defiant as they come, I want to play. So I would throw him a toy or throw him something that he could gnaw and throw around the room and bark at because it's like not my shoe? Yep, those are shoes that I wear. So Matthias, put it into perspective developmentally, where is this individual or this group or this assignment or this project? Matthias, when you're hardwired not only to bring resolution, but to be the resolution, you got to sit on your hands. Do you know how difficult it is for me to be in a room and Holy Spirit is speaking and saying he's lying, he's not. Do you know I have to contain my facial expressions, and then, you know, I just sometimes I might have to close my eyes and be in a safe with this guy and say, I don't see any of it, I don't hear any of it, and I'm an observer, and this is why you have me here to police the foolery. When policemen show up, they observe Matthias. Now they have the power. They have whatever that is, that weapon is they're wearing on that belt, and they have the badge, and they have the permission of that whatever locality that is, be it the state, the city or the community, to manage if it gets out of control, but they don't get involved. They make sure you you do right by this human being, and this human being does right by you, as long as nobody goes after each other with a machete or, you know, threaten somebody's life. I gotta stand here and listen to the two of you bicker at each other, and then when Holy Spirit leads them, they say, who lives? Because it's all about authority. Yeah, hear me, Matthias, you're a man of authority. What was your rank in the military?

Matthias Miller  24:46
I never was within the military.

Unknown Speaker  24:48
But everything about you says military. To me, you are that discipline, sir, and some people tend to a fault. Okay, you have a rank in the kingdom. Write that down. If you're writing you have a rank in the kingdom, sir.

Speaker 1  25:12
And what's exuding out of your life is the position in the kingdom, not in these places, Matthias. So you have to tone it down. Like, for example, I can't be profit everywhere. I have to be some days. I have to be great aunt, I have to be on, I have to be cousin, I have to be friend, I have to be student. We are because that's, that's how life is, yes, so when my great niece all of 14, she just made 14 this weekend, all of 14 says something, and she looks like Auntie, you don't believe I go, No, that's not it. I'm just a little surprised at what I'm hearing. Then she engages me. Well, what are you hearing? Well, do you really want to know? Because she can't take the full dose. Yeah, of the prophet that God has called me, she can't that's inappropriate. So I water it down, and I say, Okay, you tell me what you think I'm thinking. And she laughs, auntie, that's not fair, because, because I don't know if you come from my lineage, if you come from my bloodline. And see, that's my way of proselytizing her. Oh, you might. My grandmother was your great grandmother. So and on, our lineage and on. And I go into this whole exhortation. She's like, Oh brother, here we go again. I just, I Okay, auntie, well, what I'm hearing and she nails it, but we had to go over the river and through the woods. Yeah, it's just called wisdom and discernment. Who's speaking to you and who are you speaking to? What is speaking to you and what are you speaking to? Matthias, you are a ruler at an early age. Yes, everything around you doesn't say it, but I know it came when I discern one, okay, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  27:28
Well, that's the frustration because, because I see this, I mean, I see this in in our church, there's a very close organization that's associated with it as well. And there's a like, the the authority structure is the organizational structure is not aligned with the spiritual authority, and it is exactly what you're saying. Like, it's like, I can identify with a lot of what you're saying, because there's part of part of, part of this is me understanding how to sort these things out. Because

Speaker 1  28:07
Exactly, exactly, that's what it is. Yeah, that's what it's process, and it's well, and when you, when you, I'm telling you, sometimes my temperature goes up. If they had me on X rays, is really angry, much higher. If they had a spiritual X ray or X ray, they were like she's at about 290, 8.6 or 98.5 to 210, in 30 seconds, because there are things Matthias because of what God has taught me and the experiences of life like, Okay, this is a disaster waiting to happen. And you know, do you know our father will let the disaster have to happen, because there's so much growth out of disaster, disaster and mine, the book of Hebrews, Matthias, Jesus learned obedience by the things that he suffered, Yes, not by the things that went right. Yeah. She hmm.

Speaker 1  29:26
And we're being trained to rain write that down. I'm in training for reigning r, e, i g, n, I N, G and this, What did Moses go through? Matthias not

Matthias Miller  29:42
to it's not just, I mean, Moses. Moses got, you know, flick the fled to the wilderness, dealt with all the crazy knuckleheads there. Joseph got thrown into into slavery, like there's David, lived his life on, on the

Speaker 1  29:57
run. Come on, that's me. Yeah. Welcome to royalty. Welcome, yeah. Welcome to leadership. Matthias, like you're kidding. I promise you, Matthias and circles and I'm in well, we were thinking this be a good thing for you. I said, You better think again. Did God tell you that that was my responsibility? I'm bold as a lioness. Matthias, I don't, I don't, I don't hesitate to say he didn't inform me, and I will check in with him. I'm not denying that that's something I should be doing. However, I will get back to you. Matthias, I will get back to you. Is anointed, yeah, yes, I've

Matthias Miller  30:49
been growing that that's good, but that's really good.

Speaker 1  30:55
Matthias, I Okay. As large as my family is, if I'm not getting a text, I'm getting a phone call. And guess what, when I get phone calls from my family, he goes to voicemail, because you're going to take your time and tell me what it is. I am not going to be on the phone going around the mulberry bush with you. What you're saying to the voicemail you go, I'm telling you, Matthias, that's how I sort life out at Matthias. I'll be 60 in December. I am 59 years old and two months I'm 59 and two months old Matthias, my circle gets broader, broader and broader, and I learned to allow, allow, allow, yeah.

Matthias Miller  31:50
Can you expound on that?

Speaker 1  31:52
Oh, ask the moon what I mean by that. Matthias, I have environments around me that exist as a planet within itself, like Perry's planet, and then I have ministry planet, then I have family planet. So all of this is orbiting around me, and then I have proved God assignment orbiting. And I just, I just get still, and I pay attention and I go, that's not an emergency. That doesn't mean I'm telling you when I'm planted, I'm at my best when you're tugging, pulling, forcing, persecuting, no, I get still. I stop and I allow. I have nieces and nephews that I've given instructions, and I am still giving them the same instruction, and they're all of 40 years old that you know what that's telling me, you don't you're not listening. So this has to happen. Vivian is not running for the rescue, yeah. Does that bring clarity? Yeah, it does, yeah, it does. And it keeps me healthy. It keeps me sane. Matthias, it keeps me happy. Your darkness is not my darkness. Write that down. The word of God, Matthias says, lift up your head, and what's the rest of them,

Matthias Miller  33:41
lift up your head, you ancient or you say,

Unknown Speaker  33:45
and be ye lifted up. Ye of

Matthias Miller  33:49
blessing doors, King of glory may come back.

Speaker 1  33:52
Yeah, so guess what, if I have to lift my head up and look for him you do too. Yeah. I'm not the King of glory. I'm a sojourner and a constituent of the kingdom of God, just like everybody else, and the lane that each one of us have to walk on is super narrow, and we think it's a it's a lane for two they said, the majority of the time, I'm carrying you knucklehead. And

Matthias Miller  34:37
when he's not, we're frustrated because there's not room for

Speaker 1  34:40
both of us. I'm all edging him off, knocking myself, okay, you don't. You don't need me. I'm over here. Wait until you figure it out that you left me five years ago, and I'm just waiting on you to return. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You get the visual. Yep. No. No, I'm not the king. Of course, I'm a constituent. Yeah, yeah,

Matthias Miller  35:11
I see that. I mean, that's a huge in, actually, in a number of situations that I'm facing. But even here, that's a huge kind of lie that they're wrestling with is, people are expecting them to be that, and they're expecting themselves to be that, and it's a lot of confusion and disappointment and frustration.

Speaker 1  35:32
And guess what? Matthias, they all had to come to the end of themselves. Did not Judas betray Jesus? Yeah, did Jesus stop him from betraying him? No, we did. I can't imagine Matthias what he experienced when he's dipping his, you know, top and with him. And he said, the one that's dipping in this plate with me right now is the one. And then the, look at this, the the rest of this type is like, what is it me? Is it me? If I Okay, blind, and one, I can't see out. The other, baby, wonder and Ray Charles at the table, I'm telling you, Matthias, they've got to walk it out. And at the same time, you, you rejoice in the Lord. You you be blessed. You have tons of laughter. You have tons of rest. Just keep it moving like Matthias, I have been a member of the same family for 59 years and two months, yeah, and history keeps repeating itself. You know what I say? Okay, thank you Lord. They're going to get it. They're going to get it. I just, I just shift into a place of praise and rejoicing and honoring God, because that's why I'm in the earth. Matthias, I'm not in the earth to keep up with these people. Yep, yep. That's not Wow. This came and went, and he was out of this bad boy at 33 now, I'm sure I it broke Mary's Heart. I'm like, I'm sure Joseph, like man. I really loved him, even though, God, he was your son, but I got to raise him, spend time with him, teach him carpentry. Come on. Matthias, we can't do it. We're a part of it. We're not it. We have a part to play. Do you got a part to play with out of here at 33 like I'm done. Thank you, Father.

Matthias Miller  38:00
Wow, that's really good. So I mean, if he had a part to play, and it was out of here, I mean, who are we to say that we're, that we are, that we're gonna we're supposed to do the whole thing.

Speaker 1  38:22
We are nobody but sons of God. Yeah, that's it. That's all can everybody who's baby Jesus and junior Jesus, they're going to get the revelation too. Somebody has to get the revelation. Matthias, my family. Besides, there are things that go on because they're human. And you call, where are you? And I said, Well, I'm at dinner, or I'm blah, blah, blah. Well, when you get a chance, what time are you done? Well, I think I'm done about 830 what can you start by the house? Sure, I start by the house. Okay? And they share with me what the situation is. I go, okay, and I say, has anybody prayed? They all looking at me like deer in the headlight looking in the head. I said, Well, let's pray. And what I know Matthias is I'm not praying. I'm a referee, I'm a mediator, I'm an intercessor. So we hold hands, everybody in the circle pray. By the time we get to me, they have prayed the answer. Hearts are clear. Minds are clear. No situation has not changed, but now you can function in a healthy way. You Yeah, no, this is not my problem. Who's the culprit? And I don't ask that question, but in my mind, I'm thinking, Okay, you're a culprit, you're a culprit, you're a culprit. I can almost verbatim said what you said, but I don't want. Waste my time. Matthias, thank you, Holy Spirit, you know all things. While I'm driving to the house, guess what I hear such and such as the carpet. Okay? Holy Ghost, right? Okay, all I am is a mediator between people who don't want to talk to each other.

Speaker 1  40:30
I'm singing your song. Matthias, I know I so that's what you need to do. It. Know you've got something else you got to do, and I want you to prepare for it. So all is well, get in your rhythm, stay in your rhythm, and don't come out, sir at your home,

Matthias Miller  41:02
getting rhythm, stain, rhythm. Don't get

Speaker 1  41:04
out. Never come out. Be a turtle, go under there and don't come out. When I when a turtle goes under his shell, you don't know when he's come now. Yeah, yeah. All is well. There I think,

Matthias Miller  41:22
well, there's a there's a process to to walking this out because, I mean, for most of my life, and certainly, certainly how it was raised, it was driven by a guilt complex, and

Speaker 1  41:40
it's a demon. Pronounce it. Yeah. There is therefore now no condemnation to those who are in Christ. Jesus, get that scripture and live it. Yes. I don't care what you think of me. I don't care what you say to me. I don't care what you've done for me. You are not God, so get off the throne. I'm a gangbanger in this Yep, I'm a straight Chicago gangbanger. I do not play with demons, and neither will you shut it down. I denounce that thought. I denounce those words. I don't receive that. Listen, we come from a people, Matthias, a culture that is always pointing fingers, always doing, doing the playing the blame game. No, guess who's really the culprit, Satan, and you need to denounce him too. Yes, he's been in your ear. I'm telling you, Matthias, put your colors on, put up your gang sign to heaven and say, Okay, God, let's rock and roll. I'm not doing I'm not doing it. I'm telling you, Matthias, it doesn't matter how we were initiated or acclimated to Christ. You don't owe me religion. You don't own me. Person that led me to Christ, you don't owe me. People that I'm in ministry with, I belong to God. That was the saint Sanhedrin, the Sadducees and the Pharisees. You are not God. That was their challenge. Matthias, we are not that generation.

Speaker 1  43:35
Just see me when they get in your face and start accusing and ostracizing and ridiculing. See yourself with your bandana on your head throwing up your gang sign.

Matthias Miller  43:50
That's awesome,

Speaker 1  43:54
but see yourself that bandana with your hand up like this is my gang sign. I'm not with it. I am a gate of the Lord. I am a gate. I am not a garbage can. I'm not a trash can. Get out of my face. Matthias, I could sit in the meat and just listen to people in my mind thinking I am not listening to you. I'm here, but I'm not if it's a foolery. You Yeah,

Matthias Miller  44:25
and that's, that's exactly what I mean. That's literally the thing I was confronted with. And I think it yesterday, history morning, and it's I it's not as forceful when I'm by myself. I think, I think that's, that's, that's when it's well for the most part. I mean, there have been times in the last number of weeks where there's, there's been, like, either half a day or, you know, whatever, where we just had to get away and just. To go all in until, until there's some kind of breakthrough, and then, and then on the heels of that, there's almost always been a burst of inspiration or some kind of kind of breakthrough. That's

Speaker 1  45:13
because your defining factor is pulling out. Matthias, even if you have to sit there and listen, pull out. Yeah, develop, develop a way. And I'm telling you, Matthias, when I don't open my mouth, I stay out of trouble. When I'm in those type places I don't open my mouth, because if I open my mouth, it's not going to be pretty, it's not nice, it's not respectful, and that's not the will of God for me. Matthias, yeah, and it's about temperance, where I make my mouth, close my mouth like you're not say that then, no, this is not your battle. Yes,

Speaker 1  46:16
you win Matthias, and you are not to take defeat from anybody. You hear me, yeah. Now this is mama Vivian talking, yep. Anybody Matthias and Holy Spirit is real inside of you, and he's large and in charge. And when the answer is no, let it come out of your mouth. No, not now. And guess what? Matthias, okay, you're the person on the other end is impatient or anxious or just a nut. It's like the answer is no, we get in front of God, we cry, we kick, we have fit, and he's looking like I hope you see yourself, because I see you and I'm not responding to that. And you don't have to and give yourself permission if I need an answer, oh, I'll give you one. When I get one. You're not going to force an answer out of me, God or anybody else, and if you do, that's witchcraft. Get off of me. I'm telling you, Matthias, good point. That's a controlling spirit. There is a book Matthias, and I don't know if you've ever gotten your hands on it, and I may botch the title somewhat, but the title is strong man is his name, and deception is his game. It's a book. It's about the size is about eight and a half by 11, and it shows you spirits. What I'll do is I'll take a picture of it Matthias, and then you you can see the cover. And I want you to get that and add that to your library, because anytime there is a major season of transformation, all hail shows up first. That's true. I think I got it. I think I got it here. Okay, good. You see it? It's kind of animated on the on the front of cover, the white,

Matthias Miller  48:33
yeah, like, kind of white with like flame behind it, yeah? Gerald Robinson or something like,

Speaker 1  48:41
yeah. It's a husband and wife. They they have PhDs. Believe in psychology, yeah, brother, Matthias is gonna bless your heart, because in warfare, we have to fight in the spirit realm, and we have to come against principalities and powers and rulers of darkness and spiritual wickedness in high places, Matthias, they're not sitting back then, yay, applauding us. Oh, look at Matthias. He's really making headway. He's getting Oh no, they're like what? He made it to this point without losing his mind, sitting in a plane with his bottom lip, I'm telling you. Matthias,

Matthias Miller  49:25
yeah, it's true.

Speaker 1  49:29
Get that book. It's going to bless you. It's going to bless you, brother, and you're being equipped for the deliverance of others as well. Matthias, whatever I go, whatever we go through, it's never just for

Matthias Miller  49:44
us. Yeah, I actually had a dream this morning, just, I mean, real, real briefly, had to drop off my car. I was out of town. Had to drop off my car at a mechanic shop in which a place looks like the residents first. But when. Walk with the business and, you know, they gave me some forms to start signing that, you know, that to do the repair work or whatever. And somebody else, somebody else walked in, and kind of as I could, I could tell she was in the boss, you kind of assumed a boss, a boss role position, and started getting upset at the customer service person for for not wearing a shirt with a logo on it, with their company logo on it. Oh, wow. And you could tell that the customer service person was was frustrated because she was like, hey, here I'm helping this customer. I'm getting the job done exactly. And and, like, in that moment, I just had this thought. I was like, Well, I wonder who's really in charge here, like, or even more than that, I'm going to ask who's in charge. And I asked that question, right? I mean, I was thinking that question right before I woke up, but I told them before I left. I was like, sorry, I'm not doing business here. And, and, I mean, if that's that's how you guys operate, and so that's what you're saying about this really resonates with me, because really feels like there's this process of uprooting this in some of the leadership situations that

Speaker 1  51:20
I'm in, one because, Matthias, you've been equipped by God. He said he will give us everything that pertains to life and godliness, yet we need his wisdom. Matthias, on many situations I've had, and that's a powerful example where Matthias, I've been in situations, and I'm in my mind, I'm thinking, this is unacceptable, and at the same time having the opportunity to have a conversation with the opposing individual, the oppressive individual, and saying, why? What is the problem? What's going on? And then them having their own issues. Well, you don't take it out on other people. Yeah, get yourself together. Keep your mouth closed. Yes, you have a protocol. Yes, you have certain rules and regulations. There's a time to place for everything, and Matthias, Father God, allows us to be in those situations because people need advocates. And yet, there is a time for it. There's a season. And I'm so grateful that I'm not the only one that experience that and that have to deal with that and continue with it. And my thing is what I've learned, Matthias, when I'm tired. Don't open your mouth there, because you're going to let them have it for all the people you didn't let have it. Yes, we gotta know ourselves. We gotta know ourselves. That's the key. I'm excited. Matthias, you're on schedule. Everything is in divine order, yeah, and what you're learning and what's working do more of it. Matthias, regularly giving yourself permission to do it, finding out how to do it, being creative, yeah, because you got to take care of yourself. You're responsible. You're the temple of God. You the real temple. This other stuff that man is pitching a bit about is below. It's Bologna,

Matthias Miller  53:44
yep, yep, yep.

Speaker 1  53:47
So last as often as you can, and you're going around the mulberry bush like, Okay, what is this? 100 times, and gotta say that, and they might go around 100 more times. But guess what? You keep growing. Matthias, you keep learning. Yeah, you stay strong and you stay joyful. That's where your strength lies in the Lord, because people aren't going to make us happy. Matthias, that's a beautiful thing, if it happened, not the norm? Yep, sure, sure.

Matthias Miller  54:30
Good. I had one other question. This is jumping back last time about the internship and some things like that. I haven't been exactly sure world to take that there's two things that have come up. One is, we've got a guy who's part time right now, maybe looking for he really loves the work that we're doing. Pretty sure we have more work for him than what we I mean, yeah, he's got a good workload now, and I'm pretty sure more more work would show up if he is. If you were full time. So we're actually, actually raised the question to him of coming to Colorado to visit, the possibility of moving to Colorado to join us as a full time

Unknown Speaker  55:08
team. Wow. Matthias,

Matthias Miller  55:13
and this is a guy who he doesn't show excitement, but when I made the offer, I'm pretty sure I heard excitement in his voice,

Speaker 1  55:21
oh, because he's a geek, they know they have a different way.

Matthias Miller  55:25
They have a different way. That's for sure,

Speaker 1  55:30
very special features, and we won't make anything else that's awesome.

Matthias Miller  55:37
So and then the other, the other thing is, and this is a shorter term engagement. But we do have, I do have an intern from high school that somebody else helped coordinate, who's working on a on a community project here. And so she's probably going to be, she's probably be going to intern at another business when she's done with this project, that was another kind of interesting thing. I think, I think part of me is like, what is this? I kind of know the answer of them speaking it, but part of me is kind of like, well, is there more that I need to do with this, or can I just put it on the shelf and and now it's on my radar so I can keep my eyes open?

Speaker 1  56:21
Yeah, exactly. That is your answer. It's part of the plan. However, what is the timing? What is the season? Keeping things on the shelf is exactly what you do when it when it appears. This is not the time or it's come to an end up a cycle. All right, we got that over there, and that's always my goal, too. If I need it, that's that's a tool in your toolbox. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  56:53
yeah. Sometimes it takes more trust to me. For me, at least, it takes more trust to wait for the right timing that does to

Speaker 1  57:02
just God to help you. Matthias, Lord, help me wait. Help me not do make it a blanket prayer. Help me not do anything out of season and and what that does is it engages the father, where you give him permission anytime you need to pull my coattail, get my attention. I give you permission. That's that's your relationship with him. Matthias, perfect. That's perfect. Just ask for his help. Even with the group, the circles that are orbiting around you, the planet you're the Son of God sitting right there in the middle, and these nice little planets are orbiting around you. Keep that visual and just let them orbit, because they're going to rotate. They God. He's the one that has it all in his hands, and that's where our peace lies. It lies. In effect, I got one who knows everything and anything I need to know. He will show me. He will get the info to me. Think about it, Matthias, I'm sharing this book with you. What are the chances that book has said on my on my bookshelf for decades, Matthias And lately, God's like, pull your book down and like, whoa, whoa, whoa, yeah, this thing is real. It shows you the tentacles. It shows you the root. It is such an easy read. Matthias, simplicity. These people did done leg work, thank God. And it's reader friendly. And anything that gets your attention, I give you permission to snap a picture and say, there, look at this, and we need to talk about this. And you get that book, I give you permission to snap a picture and text and say there we need to talk about this, because that's what it's about. It's about us growing and learning and winning Yes, yes. On the hand, that's what kings do. Moses did not lose one back. Neither did David, neither did Joseph, my friend. Process was not pretty far from pretty they were flat footed winners, yeah, and they occupied. They occupied. They finished their assignment. Matthias and we will too. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  59:47
good part of my homework last time too was was sending you a picture of of a scheduled me time, which I didn't send it send a picture. But finally, this morning, I got that in. So, Thursday evening, okay? Okay, so I'm pretty sure that I don't know quite what all that that might look like, but there's a good chance that book will be part of that

Speaker 1  1:00:09
absolutely. And you know what Matthias one of your homework assignments you don't have to finish here by the next time we talk. Have I given you the book of Joshua yet? Yes, yes. Yes, okay, the audio and we talked about the audio Bible, right? Yes, okay, Bill, stay with that, because when you see what, I just can't get away from that, those 31 Kings, yeah, that had to be preceded. That was very heavy duty, yeah. And I was like, man, God. So it settled me in my heart and mind like this. Stop being anxious. No, God has this. Don't take your heart and mind off of it. Write that down Matthias, because that's gotta be your norm. You love to take your mind and heart off of the matter, whatever it is, and the and the better we get at that, the greater our peace, the greater our calm, the greater our RAS Matthias, the greater our maturity. Because it's my God, you've shown me 100 times. Yeah, perpetually. That's really

Speaker 1  1:01:32
good. Yeah, so I, I'm talking to a whole different person, Matthias, we're going to try it again because I'm in the mood to prophesy. Text me there. Send me my word. I will go into my audio. I'm telling you, Matthias, because I don't have a whole lot going on today. Text me again and I'll send you the recording, and then I'll email it to you. There's a mandate on me to do that. And guess what? The word still holds so it hasn't gone anywhere. This is me sitting down and doing it.

Matthias Miller  1:02:14
Yep. Good. When do you want that

Speaker 1  1:02:19
text today? Okay, hey, just when we get off the line, just don't forget my word, Eric, yeah, you we're all good. I love you.

Matthias Miller  1:02:35
Well, this is, this is so good,

Speaker 1  1:02:38
so good. I'm happy for you. I love you. I bless you. You are blessed when you rise up, you are blessed when you sit down. You're blessed when you go out. You're blessed when you come back in Matthias, you are just blessed no matter how we slice you.

Speaker 1  1:03:02
Indeed. I own it. Okay, yeah, only so the next time we talk, all right, and don't forget when that book snap pictures of what you may want to discuss if you don't see anything is fine, but I'm extending that to you.

Matthias Miller  1:03:24
Okay, I'm putting that my homework list beside that. Cool.

Speaker 1  1:03:29
Okay, all right, until we talk again. All right, until then, appreciate it. Vivienne, you're welcome. Bye, bye. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai