Matthias Miller  00:00
On LinkedIn, on the article three or four, and got a landing page up and working on ads, and ran into a few issues, shot a video, but may actually want to end up shooting another video instead. Okay, but just basically trying to get a rough draft out good enough to start actually testing.

Speaker 1  00:34
Okay, okay, that's awesome. So how you feeling about it?

Matthias Miller  00:40
Well, I feel good. Everybody I talked to gives me good feedback on it. Okay? David Kimball liked it, I guess everybody you and him,

Speaker 1  00:57
Okay, that's good stuff. That's an excellent beginning. I mean, it's a, it's a topic that people aren't touching. You know, Uncharted. Yeah, that's awesome. So once people catch when you'll see you'll see it, yeah. So what else you what else you got going on?

Matthias Miller  01:24
Well, there's still kind of the question of, it's been, it's been a nightmare to collect. Collect the payables is just one thing after the other. It's, I don't know what. So that's coming in. I mean, that's, that's coming together, but I guess, I guess one of my earlier approaches was really centered around, let me see if I can just doing a lot of individual, organic outreach. Okay, ends up being really time consuming, and I'm not sure that with the new go to this new direction, whether it's the actual, actually the best route to go, by the way, one other thing that we've got rolling is a case study for one of our, one of our prior clients that will be able to use the market as well and and you can, you're able to get the, I'm able to get a list of similar types of clients, very so I'm hoping that. I'm hoping that that, I mean, that's another possible avenue to pursue. As far as the short term. There's still kind of this short term, short term revenue crunch, and so I was talking to Ellis Les, sent him a message this Morning about maybe doing some

Speaker 1  03:16
work for the company.

Matthias Miller  03:22
I used to, used to consult with

Unknown Speaker  03:25
okay, just as a way to

Matthias Miller  03:30
bring some stability into that. Okay.

Speaker 1  03:35
And so, when is that? When do you get a response from that? I mean, what's the

Matthias Miller  03:42
I mean, I can, it sounds like as long as I can get in touch with my colleague, I can, there's pieces of that that I can start on this week.

Unknown Speaker  03:49
Okay,

Speaker 1  03:56
yeah, I don't know. Because the good thing is, here's the good thing, Matthias, you're not out of avenues, right? Yeah, you haven't hit a dead end. And so we're looking at what's going right. We're not looking at what hasn't come to fruition. Because, again, these that are planted, they gotta, they gotta spring forward. Yeah, they gotta spring forth. And so in the farming business, the farmer keeps moving. You know, it's no waiting around for Okay, is this seed going to grow? No, I put it in the ground. God says, one plant, one water, and he gives the increase, and we say, Thank You, Lord, for the increase. So that's the focus. That's the focus. It's the increase. It's not how long, it's not which which seed is going to come forth you're planting. And that's the good thing, yeah, and it's fresh. Much, yeah, and that's the key. Keep planting. Keep planting, keep planting. And if you, if you get yourself in the mindset of, I'm planting, to fight, when you in the mindset of, I'm building so you're in the planting stages because you've got crop that's coming up, and those who are not where you have no receipts you bless them, Father. Thank you. Thank you that whatever with their bottom line there is increase, you know, because that that's governing where I think about the governor of our city, he's not just thinking about downtown. He's got a whole, I mean, she's got a whole 77 community, and so requires prayer that's bigger than one woman or one one administrative staff, you know, supports this. And it's like, oh no, God, the Word of God says, Unless the Lord keep the city, they that watch, they're watching things, yeah. And so it keeps our heart and our nose to the ground, you know, to the word, the work is our ground. And it's like, I can, I can decree and declare seeds you gotta grow. You know now that you planted seed Matthias, the very declarations that you wrote, you begin to decree, speak life. You know, because it's, it's a rhythm that God is placing you in, and it's not like, for example, you're, I don't know, you know, we all have choices of what we like to do, but I'm very clear that this is the season, yes, where we have assignments from God, straight from God, no questions asked. And when I committed myself to do what he told me to do Matthias, I expect him to watch over it and perform it. Yeah, not me. I did what you told me to do. Lord, you see what I'm saying. Get it off of you. It's not on you. Not on you. Yeah, that's a false burden, and that comes from man. We don't walk in false burden, we don't walk in false burden. We don't walk false burden. We're sons of God, and we hear him, we obey. We hear him, we obey. And that's our responsibility. Hear obey. Hear obey, and pray. Thank you, Lord for getting in, you know, get into a place of worship, Father, you I mean, it's delivered Matthias. You got it and you said it out there. You see what I'm saying. Yeah, you didn't mull over it. You say, bam, that that, that thing hits you like a Mack truck. Bam. You started moving. You moved it. Now it's in the hands of God, yeah, and we worship, we worship. And when you worship, you see manifestation, because that's the process, yeah, it's man's process is so not God, and so a lot of man's process is being broken off of us. Matthias, I'm telling you, I'm seeing miraculous results with things that I'm just obeying and getting crazy. Somebody today, he told me to give somebody a call. I called him. Told him, what, what? God told me not. He had me wake them up, but that is probably at six o'clock this morning. And I said, I said, I know you sleep. I said, this a good time. And do you want me to call you back? And they was like, you know, can you call me back in 15 minutes? I said, Sure, God bless you. I had another call, and so it worked out perfectly. So I said, Okay, after this call, I'm going to call you. How about I told this person a dream that God told them to tell me about the dream Matthias. Now, I, when he gave it to me, he didn't tell me it was the dream. And the person said, Well, I'm not going to call this unless she say something to me about the dream. How about God? Let me call them. Do you under Matthias, it blew both. I haven't I haven't recorded. I have it recorded. And he was blown away, and so was I. He goes. I told, God, I'm not going to call this unless you tell her. And at the same time, he told, I'm not going to tell this. I was calling him, and it was early. I was like, oh, Lord, this is. Early because, you know, I want to respect people's time. Matthias, like, I'm not big on I understand people rest, and, you know, I respect that, and that's important. But Matthias, God gave me this person's dream. Oh, wow. Oh, you are Matthias. Don't play. Don't play. Don't play. Do you understand me? Yeah, drop the seed and keep moving. You're a farmer. Yeah? What's next guy? And whatever he tell you do if it's a phone call, if it's a text, email, Hey, well, for whatever reason, you came up to my you know, that's always my excuse. You can't you came to mind, you know, okay, it ain't my fault you came to mind. But, you know, and even if you don't want to communicate, but we got it recorded. This is real Matthias, yeah, gave it to the man verbatim. Lewis blew his mind. That's who you are. That's who you are. But we don't we don't backtrack. And you know what God did? He did that to encourage me so I could put my foot in your back and don't play with Matthias. Do not Matthias. I'm done for the years. Sir, you're your mate. I'm done. Sick of forking me. Serve me to the nation. Yes, yeah, and we're on the same team, sir. Yeah, there's only one body, yeah. So when the enemy get in your ear, speak in tongues, they Baba, bust his eardrums out, speaking in your prayer language, and don't have nothing to do with him for the rest of your life, the enemy you see, you will see no more forever. Matthias, you know what this is about, because you're so close, he plans monkey shine game, and when the enemy irritate me. Oh, I got to bless the world. I got to I got to speak everything. God tell me to speak because we are speaking spirits. Matthias, this ain't even our home. We just helping God build whatever he trying to build to prove to people that he's God. Matthias, yeah, our output, our fruit, is evidence God is real. Matthias, his name is on the line. No one. Don't forget that. It ain't never your name. That's a lie from the pit of hell. It's God's idea. We're God's ideas for being in the earth. That's why the enemy come after us like a pit bull, because he know he hates he say, Listen, these are my replacement. We get to go to glory. He'll never get to go. You see what I'm saying? Matthias, yeah, yeah. So don't play. Spit out 12 more ideas. Just spit them out and say, God, you got the blessing because you know what God will say, Whoa, you're challenging me. Yeah, I'm challenging Yeah, yeah, you have a right. You have a right. Matthias, you have a right. You have a right, sir, you're the Son of the Most High you have a right. You have a right. Satan is in violation when he irritates you, excuse in violation when he irritates you.

Speaker 1  13:55
And that's what you gotta know. That's what you gotta know. Okay, that's the truth, yep. And you walk in truth all the way to 2021. You walk in truth. You speak it and you move. Keep it moving. Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  14:21
Cool. Sounds good?

Speaker 1  14:23
Okay? And I need to hear good news. I need to hear good I don't want to hear nothing now, and neither does your father. And you say to God, I don't have no good news. Give me some good news. I'm telling you. Matthias be accountable. Then told me not to call her without good news. Yeah, okay, it's well better than Well, oh yeah. You don't, you don't put it out there. Brother God, got to deliver. And you. Thank you. Him for delivering and keeping his word. Okay. All right, the last thing tomorrow.

Matthias Miller  15:12
Oh yeah, oh yeah.

Speaker 1  15:17
I'm excited. I'm excited so we will talk tomorrow, sir, all right, sounds good? We will talk soon. Yes, we will blessing my Enjoy your evening. Will do okay? Thanks. Bye, bye, you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai