Speaker 1  00:00
Hey, good afternoon. How are you excellent. Valerie, just closed his eyes. I literally right, just gone down. The timing is off the chain, sir, that's awesome. A watch. One ways over time. And then I looked at my phone. I said, Okay, guys, you know what to do.

Matthias Miller  00:37
I am. I'm tired, but I'm in a much better, much better space.

Unknown Speaker  00:43
Okay, okay, did you get any rest?

Matthias Miller  00:48
Well, here's what happened. I mean, I get not some, but I woke up early this morning and I couldn't sleep, and like, I'll go into work early and, and then on the way to work, I was like, I should text my sister. She's never she's never available to talk early in the morning, but I should text her, okay? And, and she texted me back. She was like, Oh yeah, well, I actually just dropped somebody off at the airport, so I've got a whole hour to chat. Wow,

Speaker 1  01:22
wow. You're and you gotta know that,

Matthias Miller  01:28
yep, and then you got to listen to this. So she's been in a, in a in a ministry and in a counseling ministry, and she's been to hell and back before she went there and then went through hell. Well, she was there and, and so they just had a lady come through, a girl come through, with layers of Jezebel in control and, like all this other kinds of stuff, and she couldn't see it, and all of a sudden this thing broke, and she and she saw it, and like, with it, came crumbling off like half a dozen other things that she was, she was wrestling with,

Unknown Speaker  02:10
yes, yes,

Matthias Miller  02:11
yes. And my sister is finally seeing like for years, it's been just out of an out of an attempt to honor, an attempt to serve, like she's seeing the way that this is, like it's, it's embedded within the DNA of this organization,

Speaker 1  02:31
that same kind of control, oh, and nation, which is which

Matthias Miller  02:36
manipulation, which is witchcraft, yeah. And so she's done, she said, I mean, earlier, she tried to quit, and they, they literally would not accept her resignation, which wasn't in, wasn't there,

Speaker 1  02:49
right? Crazy. It's crazy.

Matthias Miller  02:53
And, and then, I mean, I mean, there's just been a handful of stuff that's happened. I mean, it's just one, small piece of it was just her understanding of, like, I need structure. I need to create plans. That's how I roll. It's okay, and I don't have to put up with other people yanking my chain and trying to make me be something else. And the more that she did it, the more she realized

Speaker 1  03:16
that Matthias, she's grown, yeah,

Matthias Miller  03:19
and so and so. Like, just here anyway, and then and then. Like, she's like, I have no idea where to go, but, like, anyway, it was just but, but, but like to see that, like she she can leave in confidence, knowing that she's not leaving out of reaction. She's not leaving out of hurt. It's because it's it's done, yeah, and it's not healthy, yeah,

Speaker 1  03:48
I love it. Then no one Matthias, which is so beautiful, your timing to allow her to share that, yeah, but have that conversation with her brother, someone who knows the ins and outs, not somebody she has to explain, but literally, no, it's time. I love it. And here it is. God, put her on your heart. Yep, yeah, that's who you are. You gotta own that you gotta own. Yeah, your timing is on point. In everything. Did he not say to you yesterday, everything that pertains to life and godliness, he's already given you? He said that yesterday? Yeah, that's your new address. Yeah, that's where you live, Brother, don't come out of there, stay there. Wow. And then yesterday, when you

Matthias Miller  04:51
told me, yesterday afternoon, you told me about about the mic in my hand, and that time is over, yeah, yeah. So I had a meeting. I didn't tell you about my meeting yesterday morning today. No, no, you did. So one of one of my one of the individuals on the leadership team, reached out to me earlier this week, and he was like, Would it work to get the other for coffee? I was like, normally I would say, no, okay, but there was this eight o'clock time slot yesterday morning, though that was open. It was that was just the time for me. And so I said, Yeah, I can do eight o'clock on Thursday morning. He texted back, and he said, well, sorry, I already have something else scheduled for that. And I was and I just, I just left it. I didn't reply back and and I just knew in my heart that, I mean, I didn't it wasn't the I didn't even know how to say it. There was just like, that was the that was the time I don't know how else to say it. And, okay, yeah. And he texted back and he said, Oh yeah. Well, they canceled, and that works great for me.

Speaker 1  05:59
Oh my goodness. Matthias, okay, that's great. That's

Matthias Miller  06:05
great. So, so we met, and he sat down. He's like, I don't even know what my question is, but I wanted to know how you are with everything that went down with church.

Speaker 1  06:19
And I was like, okay, I can tell you,

Matthias Miller  06:23
here's my perspective of what happened, here's my perspective of how it went down, here's how it affected me, and here are the fruits that I'm seeing because of it. And and he said, he said, I'm so sorry that might that I didn't ask more questions, and that my head wasn't in the right space to care for you during that time. Wow.

Unknown Speaker  06:48
And I was like,

Matthias Miller  06:51
that's cool. And he's like, I just want to make sure there's nothing between us. I was like, Dude, you are the last person. I never felt anything like that from 100% and then he asked me. He was like, Well, what kind of advice would you have for me? I said, Well, the only advice I have, and this just came to me in the moment, is just to trust your instinct. Trust just trust it like sometimes you've got things that are on your heart and you're not comfortable with it, and other people rationalize it away, but just trust it. And he was like, Yeah, I can see that

Speaker 1  07:30
that's huge. Matthias, man, you got to save the whole dag on world, okay? One human being at a

Matthias Miller  07:39
time, one human being at a time, one situation at a time. Every time, every time these things happen, it's like, it's like, I hear the voice of the Holy Spirit in the in the in the tone of Vivian coming out through my mouth. I I love it, you know, like the shack, like,

Speaker 1  08:09
that's what I'm playing. That's what I'm saying. Matthias, that's powerful. And I love where you are right now, Matthias, don't stop you just getting started. Don't stop the very things you're giving out to others are to you first. Matthias, you are the spigot that Holy Spirit is flowing through. So that means you get blessed. You get the first fruit. Matthias, yeah, and don't deny that. Don't deny yourself that it's time, especially when you you know, you get a little nervous and you get a little anxious, or ANC, just say it's time, you know, calm yourself, right? Comforting yourself. It's time. It's just time. Matthias, everything you touch is going to be blessed, everything you think, and as God is drawing you closer to him, Matthias, because this is about you and God. This is not about the world. This is about you and your father. And when you keep it about you and your dad, you'll get the results that your Father desires for you, I'm learning that. Like, Nope, it's our man. God, so what do you want? And when he tell me I'm on it like, this is what I'm doing with no fanfare, no accolades, no pats on the back, no, you know, atta girls, no, no. My Father desires this from me, and that's what you gotta know. Matthias the oh, let me tell you about the column within it was awesome because, you know, he's extremely skeptical, right? And it was all good because I'm. Thinking he's a he's a gatekeeper, and he should be. And so, you know, we talked and had our little conversation, and then I shared with him, you know about me meeting Perry. Oh, there's a list of things about me. I want to send you Matthias. I have it. I wrote down some notes so that I could give to each one of the staff members. So I'm going, and I'm going to, I'm going to text it to you now, but it's just, you know, a little bit of background on me, so that when people say, Well, who is she, and then you could say, well, this is who she is, and this is what she's done, and it's not, it's not inclusive, so everything is not there, but I did a nice snippet for you, and so that whenever somebody question you, Who is she, you have my permission. And I'm going to continue to add to this list where you have this baby biography of Vivian, because I think Matthias God is going to do something with this, concerning me. But this is, this is what you can, you know, kind of look at and say, Okay, this is who it is and which none of this is who I am, because I'm a son of God. But if people need some practical stuff, Here's a snippet. You know, how some people make, you know? Yeah, yeah. They need some practical stuff. And so it was really powerful. So Holy Ghost had me to do this snippet list because I'm like, Oh, my God, what if, what if Ian asked me, Okay, so tell me something about yourself. I'm like, Lord, it's so much to tell that what I share, it needs to make sense, not me all over the place. So I did this little list for myself in like two minutes while he's on the phone with me. And then I said, Well, you know, just to tell you a little bit about me, I said, I don't mind starting with myself. And I just began to tell him, you know, and I could, I could, I could hear a shift in his heart. I could discern, hmm, you know. And guess what else I discerned Matthias is that he loved being in operation, and he told me that he's now forefront in the in sales, but he said he didn't know he would be as good as sales as he is. And he said, I'm really liking sales. And so it's interesting how you, being Papa Bear, can nudge the little baby bears. And you know what Holy Ghost told me this we're just going to give it a shot. If it's something you don't see yourself continuously doing, it, at least give it a shot, because that's what dad do. Taste these green peas. Just taste one. You don't have to eat the whole plate. And and so. And then I allow Holy Ghost to kick in, and I begin to prophesy cam, and I know it blew his head off. This is what Matthias, I said, and I'm gonna be honest with you. And I broke down. I went back to Perry. I said, Well, I said, How Matthias and I met? I said, there's a gentleman, Perry Marshall, that he knows, and then I'm going to give you the backstory of Perry Marshall. And it was just short and sweet. We were on the phone for 30 minutes because I wanted to make sure was concise and to the point, because he is a strictly business man, Matthias, that's what I got from him. I'm about to pray in the Holy Ghost, because I'm super excited. Mom, bro, shake Hello, mom, bro, Shelly, Papa, and he is going to bless your organization. You struck gold when you got in on your team. He's a budding billionaire. I didn't tell him that. I wouldn't tell him that. But the thing is, he is so intentional, Matthias, he is so concerned about people, and that's your heart and so what know this and all of what you're doing, Matthias, God is going to always make sure your inner circle are people who love people, and don't change that. Excuse me, don't let anybody in your inner circle that don't love people. Matthias, they can be in the second layer. They can be in the third layer of your company, but if they don't love people, they cannot be in that inner circle. Think about Jesus. Matthias, the 70, right? Was it the 70 or 72 or however many? It was like that, yeah, then it was the 12, then it was the three, and then it was the one. Write that down. You're going to have several layers of people. Around you my diet, and you're going to know where people belong. Okay, yeah, keep that inner circle tight, because when you think about it, when it came down to John and Jesus, John knew much, much more than anybody else, and he called him John the Beloved, because he knew he could be 100% himself. He didn't have to have any pretense. He, you know, he could just be himself. He could say, you know, he could. He didn't cuss anybody out, but he got close to when he called him generation survivors, and, you know, when he beat him out the the temple, and you know just, you know he had to rebuke Peter, and you know it's just a lot going on. And so when you, when you get to a place Matthias, where you get frustrated, go back and look at those disciples and how Jesus dealt with him and who he had close and who he didn't. And so everybody's not going to be somebody you don't have close, but the respectfully. Thank you for your gift, thank you for your commitment, your loyalty, your integrity and all of that. But a fit is a fit. F I see Matthias. A fit is a fit. If this shoe don't fit my feet, I'm not wearing it. And that's why God wants everything on your terms, because he's developed you. He has shaped you, he has molded you your suit for them. You suited for the masters use Everybody isn't there are some people that are in process Matthias, and you will be able to discern where people are, and you to manage them accordingly. Boundaries are boundaries for a reason. Yeah. And so one thing I discovered about Ian, and let me give you the questions that I did not ask them. God said there are some father issues there, and I didn't say anything about him. He said there are some father issues there, and that will be one of the questions once he gets to know me, you know me, I'm going to take my time. I'm not in a rush.

Speaker 1  17:30
And so it was crazy because he would give me my job description. He said, So, Oh, so you're like, you know, to kind of help develop the staff, bring together the cohesiveness. I said, Yeah. I said, Yeah. I said, that's what I do. I said, I specialize in environment and culture, you know, making sure that people are where they need to be. People are where they should be. You know, I say, I'm not the dictator. I'm not the one to say, You go here, you go there. I said, But God has given me an eye, you know, and I was just very honest with him, and, you know, and I shared, I said, and so it was something about Matthias that I could not get away from when, when he came to the Truth Seminar, I said, just couldn't get away. God kept zeroing me in on him, zeroing me in on him. And I said he showed me that he was the general, you know. So there's an authority Matthias, that God has placed on you, that you did not ask for and you did not earn. And so you don't have to feel guilty. You don't have to feel unworthy because it it's just like being born with your nose. You, you What did you think? You didn't have anything to do with your nose, your ears, your eyes, your height, your haircut. You didn't have anything to do with that. But why should I apologize? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm my father's idea. You're your dad's idea, and you keep that tuck in your heart. And so it was so good. So Matthias, he asked me, he said, okay, there. He said, I said, Because let me tell you some I said, You're a no nonsense person. And I said, and this is the thing about you. I said, in business, be as man. I said business, the way business is managed is critical. And then I said, and you have an eye for what's wasteful. And you know, he's like, he said, but yeah, sometimes I get in trouble because there are things I want to say, and I'm wondering, Am I saying them, right? Is it the time? Instead, I said, well, guess what? I said, that's the area that the Holy Ghost is going to develop you in you're going to know the time to say stuff. You're going to know you're going to know what to say. I said, But God has given you that I I said, that's necessary when you're building and I said, Damn, not only that. And then, then he was like, because I don't want to communicate with Matthias the wrong way. I said, but let's get. What God has put it in you to see what he doesn't see. And I said, then he's going to give you the instructions on how to say it. And I said, because you see it, don't mean you say it. You ask God, what's the timing for this? You know? And one thing he said, he said, I really love the fact that I can spend time with the things that I love and still work with Matthias. And I said, that's who he is. I say, I have a great nephew. I keep my great nephew since covid. I said, his mom was for the VA hospital, I said, and I keep him from 730 in the morning till 530 I say, we're talking a four year old. And he just laugh. I said, Can you imagine what my life is like keeping a four year old from 730 you know? And so it was very light, but I was able to spiritually say some things to him, and we really extensively talked about how to say things and when to say them. I said, because somebody says something, and God may immediately show you the challenge. I said, sometimes it's not a good idea to interrupt a visionary. I said, Matthias is a visionary. I said, he sees the end of thing. I said, But God will put people around him that sees the processes, that sees the structure, that sees okay, we're talking about getting to age, but we got to do a B, A, B, all the way to J and K, you know? Or I got another alphabet. I to get to age, yeah, I said, and you're going to have that eye, I said, But God's going to train you how to say it and when to say it. And I said, Because somebody's saying something, and God begins to immediately show you the nuances of it, the parts and the pieces. I said, That's not always at the time to interrupt, because the visionary need to get their thought out, yeah, because they're trying to say what they see. And I said, some people think out loud, it's not fully what they but they thinking and they talking. So don't judge what they're saying, as if that's the only process, so the only way they're going to do it. Sometimes they're thinking and they're talking while they're thinking, so you're hearing parts and pieces. Anyway, yeah, he's like, Oh, this is really helpful. This is really helpful. Vinny, I

Unknown Speaker  22:43
so God, he got you. Matthias,

Matthias Miller  22:45
wow, nothing. I'd rather than to be at a place where it felt to me working with him, that I

Matthias Miller  23:07
you know, when you have we talk about babies a lot, when you have a little kid, that's a toddler that's trying to walk, and we're relating to the business, probably because of the strength of His gift relating to the business as if it were an adult, instead of as a toddling baby. It's learning about who it is.

Speaker 1  23:31
But you got a sense of heart for that. Matthias, I'm telling you, I have people I said around me now, in building this school of women, I'm thinking, Oh, baby, how old are you and where you been, and what you know, okay? And I listen, and then, and this is what I told him. I said, when you respond, when you I'm sorry, I'm eating my lunch because you hear me question, yeah, because Valerie is now like a time to eat. So the thing is, Matthias is that I share with him. It's okay to bump heads. It's not that's how we grow. That's how we learn. But again, I made it very clear, when you're dealing with a visionary, they got to get it out. It has to be extracted. And I told him one thing, I think I told him, I said, You're being excavated. I said, you said, God is doing a good job. And I said, and when what I've learned by working with contractors is that they excavate, because they have to test the store the soil to see if they can build on it. They got to know what's under that ground. Is this suitable? And I say one thing I know, the plan is only as big as the man. So God is in the business of making the man first. You. I know that hit him right upside his head. He's going to make the man first. Matthias, we think, you know, we're ready to run out here and conquer the world. God said, first of all, you don't know what's in the world, so I got to do something in you. So when I send you out there, they don't eat you alive. I didn't say that to him, but that's something God want him to know. Matthias, and he's going to send you people that are gifted. And some of the most difficult people to work with are the gifted ones, until they get through, I promise you, yeah, until they come to maturity. And so you're a father of many for a reason. Abraham, you gotta know it. You're a father of many. I told you, you're a pastor, I let the cat out the bag, but you you're a pastor in the marketplace. Matthias, yeah, yep, yep, yep. Yeah. And they gonna come, and they come and broken and wounded and bound and with a billion gifts, but needing so much nurturing, so much loving, so much healing, yeah, and that was one of our first conversations. He's gonna bring people around you. It's gonna be more. It's gonna be about more than business.

Speaker 1  26:31
Yeah, Are You the man for the job and the job I got to keep you, I got to keep with my it's gonna be a job someday, then it's gonna be a job like, Oh my God, here we go again, but they gonna be better for it. Matthias, yeah, yeah. But it was good. And I'm telling you, heard from God. And you know what came and Heidi kind of reminded let me get this over with. Okay, yeah, get it over with. It's kind of like getting a shot from the doctor. Oh, you grit your teeth and close your eyes and look the other way, because I'm here now it's too late. I signed my contract with you tonight.

Speaker 1  27:20
You Yeah, but keep working with him, because he's a gold mine Matthias, and keeps that in mind, yeah, yeah. And he needs healing. He needs healing. And I would never tell him that.

Speaker 1  27:55
And the other thing, whatever God gives you, do not take down Matthias. And I see you shaping and molding things before some of the things you present to some people. You know what I'm saying, like if, if, and you're gifted enough to do this, you know how? Let's say you have a board of an advisory board or governing board, and you you want to present something to them. You you pre think those questions and answer all those questions before you present them to them. Yeah, and you know how to do that, yeah, because of your discernment, yeah. And when they say, Well, what about this? Say, I'm glad you asked, because I asked Holy Ghost the same thing, or whoever. This is what I was told, yeah, because, you know, more than people want to give you credit for Matthias and gifted individuals called individuals, chosen individuals. They that that's their greatest challenge. They know what God has told them to do, and they hear from God, but it's the people that they have to deal with, yeah, to break that baby through. Yeah, the people are like, the labor pains. You gotta push, you gotta breathe. You gotta push. You gotta breathe, you know.

Matthias Miller  29:33
But then part of that, too, for me, has been learning, learning the timing to bring people on board. And there's, there's people who need to be part of the birthing process, and there are people who need to take care of the baby when it's young, and there are some who need to be babysitters when it's three or four years old, and there's others who need to take care of it when it's an adult.

Unknown Speaker  29:53
Like that's powerful, you're right.

Matthias Miller  29:57
And so some of these things go ahead. You're learning, I'm learning. And, like, even the whole thing of bringing you on, on, on, on board, I think, you know, I wouldn't be completely surprised if Heidi and Ian spot would have been well, like, here we go again. Like, I wonder if he actually thought this thing through. Like, how did this actually fit in, which I didn't have an answer for, I wasn't more prepared for,

Speaker 1  30:27
and you know what? But that's who they are, Matthias, and it's okay, because they're learning too. But here's the thing, you are who God has designed you to be. And what I love is they have the freedom to either call me or not, the ball is going to roll it, don't. It doesn't start to stop with them. Yeah, that's the reality, you know. And I want them, I want them to look me over with a magnifying glass. I want them to ask you questions, and I want to say, I don't know. Let's ask Viv. Let's get on the phone and ask her now. So this is what I told and I said, if there's ever anything that you need to pray about, or anything that you know, you might have a question, like this, I had a dream, or this, any other I said, feel free to text me, because I'm just a text away, and I'll say this too. Matthias, Americans aren't used to that kind of support or liberty. They are bound. They're bound. Matthias, the slaves are bound, yeah, and we're setting them free. God is using you to shift an entire paradigm of how business is done. Matthias, you're the Fergus. They never seen it done like this. And so they will have questions. They will inquire, you know, I think about when, when God sent Jesus, like, well, who are you? I'll get them. Because he say, he, you know, he the son of God. You know, every everything, he said, they put it to the test, and that's exactly what God wanted. He said, I want you to investigate her. I want you to look her up. I want because what they're gonna find is I'm authentically Vivian, yeah, yeah, yeah, and I love it, because he's he's invading their world. He's invading their thinking, you know, I can't imagine Heidi's face when I said, my sister's best friend lives in Portland. I know she's thinking what my niece was just in camp on the west. So I I said, I don't know. Where was it? Was it Montana or what? And I know she's thinking like, what you see, what I'm saying. So God has a way. Matthias a shocking people into their next place in him, because just when we think we know it all, we realize we don't know nothing. Yeah, yeah. That's who he is, yeah. And so when they see things begin to evolve and unfold. And you know, because guess what, you're the visionary, sir Matthias Miller, and as much as they're the gatekeepers around you, God will send you a gatekeeper for them too. That's what I love about them. Matthias, just when I think, Okay, I'm this, I'm that, and the other God will will introduce I say, Whoa, Lord, this is really you. You see what I'm saying. Matthias, it's like he want us to seek things out. So there is an answer, yeah, it's transforming us. We are not transformed. Be transformed by the renewing of your mind. That means it's going on and on and on. I need to look at the Greek for transformed. But he's saying, hey, plus you become one thing. Don't mean that's the only thing you're gonna be. Yeah, and God, begin to tell Ian who he was. I said, Ian, you you were bad to the bone businessman. Now most of us don't have anybody telling us who we really are. Most people tell us what they need us to be, yeah. It's a different it's a whole different way of saying. So what I love, Matthias, you're in charge, yeah, and will be, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  35:12
It kind of reminds me of, you know, when King David was called by God, and the thing that Saul wanted the most was to get his hands on David and manage him. And God was like, No, you're not going to manage him. You know, Saul gave him his helmet, gave him his breastplate, gave him his sword, and David by he put that stuff on. This is not how I do. I'm telling you, Matthias, that's the gift of God, because I sit nowhere, Matthias, and God saw to that I was just a sore thumb. And you know how that feels. And I'm thinking, okay, don't these people want God? I mean, are they reading the same word I'm reading? You know, that was me all the time, Matthias, and I just had 5000 questions. I would be like, Okay, I was reading the Bible, and this what I saw. So can you tell me? Well, that meant blah, blah, and God was saying they don't know Vivian, so they just selling you a bill of goods, and I had to seek it out for myself. Wow. And we don't mind, you know, God said, Be transformed by the renewing of your mind. And then he said, Be you not conformed to this world, but be transformed. And so guess what? Matthias, we don't fit,

Unknown Speaker  36:47
and that's a good thing. That's how the new thing happens when you don't fit.

Speaker 1  36:57
Yeah, very true. Yeah, it don't happen because I need to be like you. You need to be like me, like I have to pray, but I thought to seek the face of God. I have to hear and I have to keep my heart open, because you belong to God, not people. And that's the challenge that often people have always trying to control something God is doing. Get your hands off. Do your part. And it was so crazy Matthias, because I know how young they are. You know, I'm about 120 years old. I'm not I'm about 120 years old, so Matthias, I'm looking like, Okay, now in my mind, okay, these are babies, but these are gifted babies. These are talented babies. These are chosen babies. So you manage it differently, you let them, you let them think, well, they do know a lot, but you give them room like you're doing to know and to test the waters. And okay, just like you said, if I can manage her madness, I can use Angelica. But am I willing to deal with her craziness? And that's with all babies, Matthias, we got to stick with them till they grow up and be very careful what we put in their hands, just like you say, yeah, it's super careful. And you know that, yeah, so you, you know you live and you learn, but they're so gift. To be. And then, you know, I take a break from them. And I mean, a structured break. I say, Hey you guys, the next two months is what I'm going to be doing. So we may talk once a month or once every other week. You know, because I'm giving them a heads up, I'm tired and I need a break. That's my professional way. Matthias, Hey, God is dealing me with something? I'm a need some time. Don't, don't, don't, don't hesitate to text me or whatever. You know, but you're setting the boundaries. It's on your terms everything Matthias, you're a king, yeah? And I think,

Unknown Speaker  39:35
yeah.

Matthias Miller  39:38
How much have I told you about the whole Angelica thing and where that's going.

Speaker 1  39:43
Um, you broke down. Let me see, last night it was you guys had a conversation. If it wasn't last night was before, and where did you get in the conversation?

Matthias Miller  39:57
So in the conversation, there's just a lot of. You're in overthinking and all of that. I was talking to one of my mentors. Sorry, there's, there's so much stuff right now. I mean, even with the with Angelica, in the maturity, it's like, sometimes you have to build the house for people to live in before they can build a house.

Unknown Speaker  40:18
Yeah, yeah, you do.

Matthias Miller  40:21
And so I had a conversation yesterday with with Chris Cohen, which is one of my friends. He runs a large military consulting or, I say it's small, it's large, by my standards, it's small. Everybody else's, not everybody else's, but, but he runs a military consulting company or contracting company, and I was talking about him like, where's the next steps? Like, what do you see? Where should we go? And he said, Look, man, I know a guy who's starting up a CEO peer group, and he's going at it almost full time. He's retired. He has experience, and he's having a hard time getting members and but, and I ran the whole, whole idea of, kind of the what I had been talking to Angelica about, about roofing stuff, they're the lead, you know, lead generation and marketing coaching for that, okay? And he was like, Well, you got to find yourself a hot market, like, like, get something hot, okay, and go after that.

Unknown Speaker  41:24
And after that,

Matthias Miller  41:27
I kind of did this flip, whereas before, it was all about who can I get to all about the who, who, who, who can I get to go build this stuff, and all of a sudden I'm coming back around, and I'm like, I am. I know just as much or more in about this stuff than she does. The only thing that I don't do is I've never actually done it for another company, but I do it for myself. And okay, there's a lot that I know and a lot that I can help these people. Like, why don't I just, like, I have people asking for this, the coaching,

Speaker 1  42:07
the coaching, yes, right, right? Because, yeah, you shared a lot about that last night with, like,

Matthias Miller  42:16
the the marketing stuff, yeah. So like, why don't I go build it and sell it and build a coaching program, and let's get out of this cash crunch. Yeah, and, and there's this little part of me that's like, well, what if she feels bad because I'm stealing her idea. Well, what if. But then there's the kingdom side of like, what if I'm actually saving her idea

Speaker 1  42:36
exactly. And I love Matthias. That's a powerful way of looking at it that's powerful.

Matthias Miller  42:44
And I may dream is actually the plugger into this as a coach. And if we, if we scale this thing up to as high as I want to scale it, then you know, who's to know. But if we do, then we can afford to pay her very nicely, and she can have a very like her goal is to go into ministry and do this as something that is largely passive. And if we can grow up to that point, and she can do that, and she and it's fine for us to compensate her accordingly for Yeah, for her skill set, yeah, and it doesn't mean Bob

Speaker 1  43:18
would do Matthias. That's what my dad would

Unknown Speaker  43:28
do. Wow. And then what? What were you thinking? I

Matthias Miller  43:38
remember my sister talking about one of her, one of her friends who's well in business, one of his things that he's been doing is leaving us, leaving leaving the legacy is around his kids. Yeah. And I think part of that question that Chris asked me yesterday morning about who's in Matthias in five or 10 years, I think it's I

Speaker 1  44:03
That's powerful. There's a part of that right there. And so you, that's why, that's your why Matthias, but that's the father you you are. First of all, you are a father that is like your number one strength. You're a real dad, and that's going to feed into everything you do. Matthias, you're there is an African band, and it's the gala seeds wag. And that question is really saying, protect the seed, or another way. Another meaning is, how are the children? And so that's there. I forget if it's the Tanzanians or the Kenyans or somebody, that is how they greet each other. And that means are. You protecting the seed, and so matthiasas was buried in your heart, and that's your why, yeah, and that's God, because everything he made in the earth was for who his kids. Yeah, that's true. Yeah, yeah, yep, it was for us. He don't need none of this stuff. He don't need this place. All it is is for us. The angel, his son, he made Jesus for us. Matthias, yeah, yeah. And so our motivation is our children, and that don't change for nobody. Yeah, we're like that makes us like him. Everything he's doing, all this shifting, all this changing, all of what we're going through right now is because he's saying, my kids, they need to be in alignment with their father. And we're motivated, motivated than we've ever been Matthias, because what what challenge does is it gets our attention and then it brings us to the Father. Yeah, it brings us straight to the Father. It works a more excellent way in us. Every challenge, every mystery, brings a more excellent way out of us. And so thank God you got staff. Thank God you're building a business, building a legacy. Thank God you have to ask questions. Thank God you got to think, rethink, think, rethink, because you have the capacity your father lives in there. Yeah, we view challenges differently, like, Okay, God, what are you trying to grow? What are you developing? What are you shaping? What are you revealing? Yeah, this is what it's all about. So we write we're right in the center of the will of God. And what's hilarious to me, Matthias, here God is now I'm listening to you, and he tells me to resign in June from my offer redemption project, and I do it, and he told me, you're going to build it, you're going to do an economy like, Okay, anyway, as land in my pocket, so, but if you say I'm going to build an economy, I'm going to build an economy, and you're going to have to show me. And that's like any dad when you took your son to the burning rain, he began to learn Matthias, but he had to be taken, yeah, and then he learned the muscles that take to keep swinging that bat, yeah? And it's going to take us using different muscles to build you. You're doing it, and they're watching you, believe you me, they got a magnifying glass on you. But that's good. That's good Matthias, because guess what? Microscopically they gonna see God. You know what I'm saying. They keep looking, looking, they're gonna say, Oh, my God, this man is really a man of God. You see what I'm saying, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, that's what you're dealing with, too. You ain't dealing with an enemy. You're dealing with development, shaping, molding, expansion, enlarging, legging, yeah, you're doing that. And you just, you know, when you take Angelica under your wings, you gotta have that father daughter conversation, okay, Angelica, what's your challenge? Dot. Dot, dot. You know, real conversation, not you know, because I'm the ones that are extremely close to me, Matthias, I'm deathly honest, and I'll say what my challenge is with you is A, B, C, D, E, F, and go, Oh, okay, I see, yeah, that's the area that God has me focusing on, concerning you. I always put the onus on God Matthias, because it's not me, and that's what God is has is saying is going to be a challenge, because that's the area that's got to grow. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So welcome to your ministry, yeah, yeah. Wow. I Wow, yeah, I always think about the lineage of Jesus, and it was not pristine. It was It wasn't pretty. You know, his beginnings were horrific. You know, his mom having him in a barn. His dad is not his real father. You know, just. Craziness. Yeah, that's the human story, insanity. And so everybody that presents Christine know, we know that.

Matthias Miller  50:16
So the thing that popped in my head when you're saying all that is a yes, Oh, was it Paul, so that you have many teachers, but not many fathers.

Speaker 1  50:27
Was it Timothy? Was it Timothy? Paul said that to Timothy, right? I don't remember. I can't remember where it was, yeah, but you're right. You have many teachers, but not any father, yeah,

Matthias Miller  50:39
which, it's also interesting that he was saying that to somebody who was so young.

Matthias Miller  50:48
I'm just curious where that was first, Corinthians,

Unknown Speaker  50:57
but,

Matthias Miller  50:59
but this is one of those things that we see. I mean, okay, so here's one thing I see in Angelica specifically, is that she has many teachers, but she doesn't have many fathers. And, yeah, but it's not just her. That's the one that's up close and like you can see, but there's the whole marketing space. I mean, Perry, Perry is that, yeah, he's a father. He is the father in the in the land of teachers,

Speaker 1  51:25
yes he is. Yes he is. And we need more father. And we need more fathers. We need more and guess what? The reason I believe people love you is because the great I'm telling Matthias, when I look at you on some I'm like, Lord, whoever works for him absolutely gotta love him. So imagine Ian and Heidi are gonna protect Papa. Like we don't know this lady But dad, but we surely don't find out who she is, you know, and it's so funny, because Matthias, I come from the world of the worst, you know. Remember, I taught middle school. I taught a young man that put his butt on the copying machine and printed a copy of his butt and put it in everybody's mailbox. I'm talking about these kids were hanging from the Rasta, and I was going home crying, saying, Lord, why have you put me in this zoo? And he's because these are baby animals that you're gonna have some grown animals that you're gonna have to deal with. I'm telling you, Matthias, he don't waste nothing. Yeah, yeah. And so you're right. They're missing a father, Matthias, and what I love is the courage of these individuals to step out and say, Hey, I'm gonna do it anyway. I'm scared. I'm gonna do it anyway. I don't know what I'm doing. I'm gonna do it anyway, you know. And those are the ones, they just need a little nudge, a little nurturing, you know. But it's already in them. It's already in them, yeah? And you have the heart of a father, Matthias, and that there's no denying that. Yeah, so Amen, because that was buried under all of this Matthias, because in most cases, you know, think about it, Timothy was so young, and then there it is. It's like, what you mean? You know, Paul is trying to say, okay, don't be afraid because of your age. Don't be afraid, you know, and that's what you're saying to them. Don't be afraid because you're a beginner. Don't be afraid because you just getting started. That's really what you're going to be saying to these people.

Matthias Miller  53:59
Wow.

Speaker 1  54:01
That is enlarging your territory, yeah, along with your staff, yeah, wow. And that's exciting, because the world desperately needed Matthias. Because, you know, it's almost like at this point, it's a whole lot of people running to and fro, and they just testing waters and saying, let me see if this is it. And so here you come with an answer that's so simple and easy that you could do in your sleep. You just have to be extremely organized. Then, you know, and having those individuals that are close to you that can help you manage the moving part, you know, knowing that I need help here, I need help there, I need this in place, because that's you. That's how you think. That is your way of doing this. Matthias And so God and finally, pray. Pushed you over the ledge, and you found out his hand was right up under you.

Unknown Speaker  55:06
Yeah, you see a road, but he is the road. You didn't see it. No, like Indiana Jones when you walk. I'm gonna show you the road. Yeah? Yeah. I You, wow.

Speaker 1  55:26
I'm excited for you, and you're going to find great joy in that, because that's what you do, Matthias, and you do it well, and people trust you, you know, and you're trustworthy, not perfect, just trustworthy, and

Matthias Miller  55:46
never in a million years, would I have dreamed that that's actually a gift that I think for so long, you know, growing up, I'm not going to say for so long, growing up in my work environment, that sensitivity was a gift that was a detriment,

Speaker 1  56:02
always there, yeah, and always getting you in trouble. And always nobody, yeah, go ahead.

Matthias Miller  56:12
I mean, never in it, never in a in 1000 years. But I have guessed that that could actually be the gift that could be the foundation of wealth,

Speaker 1  56:23
yeah, and it is because he said your gifts will make room for you. Matthias, yeah, the whole world is waiting on you, sir, Yeah, isn't that powerful? It is powerful, and it was something you was born with so you don't owe no man nothing but love. You know, nobody can own you. Nobody can own you. Matthias, yeah, you're the answer to a lot of what this generation is experiencing, because there is a birthing going on. Matthias, all of creation is in travail for the manifestation of the sons of God. And they're all crying, what Abba, Father? Yeah, they said, Where's my dad? Where's my dad? And all it is, oh, you know what, what to do, what to do. I'll never forget the little one when they wouldn't know what to do, what to do, what to do. Instead of saying, What should I do, they say what to do, you know? So Amen Matthias, just get it get it going, you know.

Matthias Miller  57:38
Get it going. Get it going. Get it going. Wow, I got to share this. So I've got two more people in. They signed the contracts, or one signed less, or today, I think there's if the other one signed it yet. But I don't know if you've had a chance to read through it yet, but one of them is a young college student who has a degree in data modeling, which is one of the weak points on the team. So one of the processes, oh, there's another crazy story. I'll tell you that one too, but one of the processes that I went through, I called him up and I said, Okay, here's the projects that I have that I could use help with. Here's what I'm considering. This is not an offer, just considering it. How does this sound? What resonates with you and and then what's what's comfortable for you and all of this stuff and and, you know, can we do a trial run? No commitment, if you find a good job, I would love to, I would love to be to at least have the option of offering you full time if it makes sense for us. And then took it to Tim, actually, right after that, I moved some calls around. I moved his caught my call with with Nate around, said I could do that and talk to Tim. And I was like, Tim, so here's the problem. You're busy with this. We're getting Mindy started with this. I need some help over on this piece. It'll pay for itself. It's part time. There's not a lot of commitment. We're not going to jeopardize anything, but it would give us a chance to do a trial run. And, you know, today on the on the team call, Tim was talking about it again. He was like, well, maybe this is, I mean, maybe he'll actually be the long term guy for this project. And so he's, he's going to be, I don't usually work Saturdays, but I'm making an exception. I'm working tomorrow, and he and I are going to be working together on on some projects, and I get to build it out to the client and everything like, like, everything, everything like, there's no, there's no added strain to what we're doing. And we. Sit out nice and he he gets to see it. And if we have, probably have more stuff for him, if he needs more stuff, if he's ready for it, whatever, whatever he wants. But so there's that I don't know. I guess he will probably, I haven't even introduced him to the team yet, which I need to Okay, and he'll probably be, I'll have him join the team calls, just because we need to, if he's a contractor, so he's got freedom to show up or not show up. But yeah, I'll invite him there. And then the other individual was Tim's friend that I

Speaker 1  1:00:39
mentioned is that the gentleman in Canada, the gentleman in Canada, okay,

Matthias Miller  1:00:47
so we got, we got, I got, got with my accountant, and she's got, we got everything that we need from her for that to work. And my payroll processor actually works. The only international country they support is Canada right now. So easy, easy to get him on board that way. Okay, and he's commissioned only sales. And what I want to be looking at him so there's, again, there's really low commitment at this point. But what I want to be looking at from him is, is, if he wants to start, you know, help him flesh out some of this roofing, some of the roofing, or lead lead generation stuff that we were talking about, okay, and and just kind of explore and watch that, kind of see where

Speaker 1  1:01:36
that's that. Matthias, this is awesome. How are you feeling about it? I'm excited.

Matthias Miller  1:01:46
I mean, on one hand, I'm excited, and the other other hand, I'm just at peace. And it seems so normal, but it's weird to be going from we've added, I mean, I know these are these, these new guys are part time, but we've added three people in the last

Speaker 1  1:02:02
month, that's huge. Before if four, if we include you, that's huge. Matthias, that's huge, even large in your territory. And my question is, did you get together those folders where, when you have conversations with these individuals, you grab it out and you're noting and you're noting and you're noting, and then your routine is to review, look at them and say, Okay, this is where we are. Because you're the systems. Man, I'm not. I'm the one that could tell you, Okay, make sure itself is categorized. Make sure itself is organized, you know, and you do well at that Matthias And so now run your machine like a whistle, sir. Make it whistle.

Matthias Miller  1:02:54
And I'll be honest, the systems thing is something that I've learned. It's not natural to me, okay? And I'll do the best that I can, but there's so much of that that that I turn over to Tim, and Tim especially, really knows it, and he gets it. Okay. Mindy's learning. I think, I think she'll do well with it. She's that kind of but she just needs to be developed in learning how to how to build systems, because she's, she's worked with people for a long time and learned always very systematic ideas, very strong so we have a strong culture. But then, but then for myself, I do have some of those, some of those notes. I have a you saw the document I sent you, I was kind of working some structure to my thoughts. I have running an infrastructure document, and I had notes about Angelica, and now I've kind of moved that to the back burner, because feel like there's, you know, like, let's we'll come back to that when it's time. Yeah, yeah. So yeah, those things, I'm, it's, it's in my own very, I guess, intentional, but non systematic way I'm working it through. If that makes sense,

Speaker 1  1:04:15
yeah, it does. And here's the thing, it keeps peace. It keeps you at heat, yeah, because you don't have to contain all of this as you're writing notes, as you're having these conversations, you pull that file and say, Hey, soon as you're on a call with a person you just glancing through. And then there's a reminder, oh, I need to ask them about this, or I need to bring up that. You know what these? These are your this is your personal structure of management for you, for your world, Matthias, because your world is drastically changing, yeah. Mm, hmm. And having these documents, documenting or anecdotals. Of what's happening is of value to you, because you can see the hand of God in it, Matthias, how he's evolving, all the relationships, yeah. And it's just until, again, we talked about your rhythm, where you will have a rhythm, where it will be natural for you to remember. Oh, yeah, when you talk to this, when we I remember, we have to talk about this. Are you having these bullet points listed for the next time we have a conversation? Because Holy Ghost is always talking Matthias, and he'll bring up one of us. And so when you can go to the Vivian south, say, let me say this to VIV Let me ask it about this. I mean, remind me to share this with it, because then that's your boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. You got it. There it is. You hitting everything you need to hit with whoever. And that goes for when you're having conversations with potential relationships, potential partnership, potential expansion. You know, you can have an expansion folder. I'ma tell you. Matthias, the manila folders they come in. What? How many in a box? Yeah, man, get you a Sharpie and put everybody's name on one. Listen. Okay, I'm talking Ian. Let me remember to ask about this. You see what I'm saying. Because this is for your sanity, yeah, this is for you to continue to flow like a river. This is about you, Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:06:37
makes sense. And I've done this before with just a few people. I never really, I never really tied these pieces together. Actually, we break for just go ahead. Yeah, go ahead. Can we break for just a few minutes? Can I call you right back? Yeah, yeah, that's fine. Okay, sounds good. Thanks. You're welcome.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai