Speaker 1  00:00
Yeah, something happens, I hit my chin on the phone. That's why I'm like, oh, did I do that? Okay, yeah, so, so, yeah, that's finished. There you were about to say something, then you said,

Matthias Miller  00:17
So, part of it is me. It's like, well, let's, let's narrow down for marketing purposes. We have to narrow down into a a pond that we can fish in, like you can't just, yeah, be all things to all people. No. And so as we, as we kind of created our branding, it was, it was with the, not with the idea that we would strictly be limited to that, but also kind of appealing towards that, you know, kind of that charades, type of, whatever space and so. So one of our clients, one of our successful clients, is a custom meat processing company who basically said, there is no, I look for software in the market. There's nothing on the market for this. So, and so we're working on doing a case study for that project, but, but then, you know, you talk to Ian, and he's like, Well, I thought we were doing construction. That's not he's more interested in sticking to a plan than sticking with what works,

Speaker 1  01:22
yeah, yeah, yeah. And there's, and there's pieces

Matthias Miller  01:25
of it where it's helpful, where are you seeing the right thing? There's definitely pieces where he's not, yeah, so. But then I get this, this feedback from a, you know, this, this guy connected with this afternoon, who works with contractors, like six figure contractors. He's like, Yeah, I think you'll have better success with larger companies, or even with manufacturing, because manufacturing is an industry where they are spending for ERPs, okay? And so then I go back to these conversations of this, you know. Okay, so here's this mentor who feels like there's some kind of divine I mean, there really is some really fascinating correlations, and you know our approach and where we're going and some of the things we're doing, but is it, yeah, I don't know who encouraged me to like, let's, let's lock in. Let's commit to the construction space, which I think, honestly, just having that focus is helpful, just to know where you're turning your focus to, okay, because it lends in clarity. But I don't know. How do you know if you just need to, need to put your head down and figure out what it takes to crack the seven. You know the seven, eight figure construction type businesses.

Speaker 1  03:00
Or have you approached any Matthias? Have you approached one? At least one.

Matthias Miller  03:08
So we've, there's, there's been, there's been one that I've been able to have, have have a meaningful conversation with.

Unknown Speaker  03:18
And when was that?

Matthias Miller  03:21
It's been probably about a year or so ago, okay,

Unknown Speaker  03:28
and what was the result of that?

Matthias Miller  03:31
They had, they were looking at a system, and they actually had started building out a system, and then they canceled halfway through the build.

Speaker 1  03:41
Okay, so, so my question Matthias is, where are those companies? Do you have access to those companies? Or do you know how to access them?

Matthias Miller  03:58
Yeah, you can get them through. You can get that. I mean, I can find them through LinkedIn, at least some

Unknown Speaker  04:04
of them, okay,

Matthias Miller  04:07
but I don't know. Yeah, I'm not sure what. I don't know.

Speaker 1  04:18
And that's okay. It's okay, because here's the blessing, Matthias, you're willing. It's like and now you, you, you buckle down. And what I mean by buckling down? Let me see what example Do I have. And I'm going to use this pool of women, which is on a whole different level, but my ears are open. And when Holy Spirit gives me a lead Matthias Mike, if he says there's have a conversation with this group, for these individuals, I'm going to have the conversation. And. Know Before I have the conversation. Holy Ghost is going to prepare me. So my focus will be, I'm getting ready to have this conversation. Holy Spirit, what do I need to know? What do I need to say? Help me prepare me. So it's about doing it. It's about doing it. Matthias, it's about making the phone call who's over your system and having that conversation, how you know, honestly, it's about going it's about getting into environment Matthias. It's not about what environment it's about getting in. And so what does it take for you to get in what does it take you to have the conversation? To me, it takes you picking up the phone. It takes you looking at the website. It takes you looking at who does what in the corporation. Yeah, yeah. And that's that's not difficult, because guess what? When you attempt to do it, Holy Ghost is going to open doors for you. But if I'm on, for example, right now, I'm listening, I'm listening to God, and he's talking to me, and he's giving me some things, and I have them written down. Now, what he has said to me, Vivian, January, you're going full speed ahead with the School of women. In the meantime. Matthias, I'm hearing all kinds of things. I'm hearing all kinds of conversations. I'm talking about people physical conversation. I'm talking about people's concerns, especially concerning women. And I'm making notes, and I'm going, I'm not saying I need to have a conversation with you, but I'm taking notes saying I need to get in touch with that person. You see what I'm saying? Matthias, God is constantly dropping nuggets to us because it reminds me of Huntsville and Gretel. And supposedly they were supposed to drop breadcrumbs, I think, you know, they wouldn't get lost. And I think the birds ate it or something, and they couldn't get back. So here's the here's the thing, you got to drop some breadcrumbs. You got to have a conversation. You I'm serious. Like looking at the structure of companies, looking at the names of people over stuff because they love publishing, who they are. If it's not published, you make a phone call, who's over your system, yeah, and you'll be shocked. How is it working? Or I want to have a conversation, because, you know, and they're gonna, and they're gonna ask, you know, may I ask why? And then you give your seal, because it may be something they need that they don't have. Oh, I was just about to call you somebody else. Matthias, yeah, and it was, it's a good person. It would have been a good thing, but I'm saying Yeah, someone and yeah, the person's name is sharonday. I was getting ready because when I feel like they're so close to something, I get excited and passionate. And so something is happening here. Matthias, we're striking gold, I promise you, but you have got the shotgun is in your nose. Beginning of the week, I'm going to talk to three corporations every week, Matthias. You pick with them. You have your script. This is not a by the way, conversation. You are a man who knows what he's doing. What do these people need to know? How can you impress these corporations? Because, if nothing else, they may not even need it. But they say, but you know what I like, what you have, and I have three buddies that just started to you see what I'm saying. Matthias, we're literally one person away from what we're looking for, but if we don't have the conversation, the connection will never happen.

Unknown Speaker  09:12
Yeah, yeah, so that's that's new fire under your butt. Yeah? Three, if it's not even three a day, Matthias, Corporation and on the level you want to work with, yeah, and not backing up, but your script has got to be together. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  09:48
all right,

Unknown Speaker  09:49
okay, that's my channel.

Matthias Miller  09:52
Nope, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep,

Speaker 1  09:54
and I need, and I need to know what three you've contacted. Yeah. So. Once your river starts flowing, brother, your river is going to flow, you're going to be drowning in the Atlantic Ocean. Yeah, cool. Okay, it's a deal. It's a deal, all right, until we communicate again.

Matthias Miller  10:21
All right, yeah, okay, sounds good.

Speaker 1  10:24
All right, have a great evening. Be blessed. I will, I will, and I am you too. Thank you, sir. All right, let's talk as we go. All right, sounds good. Thanks again. Okay, you're welcome. Bye, bye. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai