Matthias Miller  00:00
There we go. All right, so what's been happening? Well, so today is our daughter's birthday. So

Speaker 1  00:11
wow, wow. Which one Mika, which year

Matthias Miller  00:18
she's turning four?

Speaker 1  00:19
Oh, that's awesome. So are you guys doing something special? I'm sure. Yep, I

Matthias Miller  00:30
wrapped up a bunch of her presents last night. I got some flowers for her, and tonight, we're going out to a park with a bunch of friends gonna be hanging out having my wife's making a cake in the shape of a cupcake. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  00:54
is she excited? What time?

Matthias Miller  00:58
Yeah, she is, yes.

Speaker 1  01:01
Oh, wow. So that's gonna be fun. What time does the party start?

Matthias Miller  01:08
So we'll be opening presents this morning, and then the party starts at six or 630 tonight. Okay,

Speaker 1  01:14
okay. And so is everybody gonna practice social distancing? Or how is that working?

Matthias Miller  01:23
We're pretty I don't know. It's outdoors. All of us are close friends, and it's okay,

Speaker 1  01:34
and everybody's healthy, everybody's healthy, yep, okay, that's not that's what we care about when everybody's healthy, you can you can be around one another, yeah, when everybody because we've had several birthdays, my one of my second oldest brothers, he just turned 68 this month. And then the niece turned the second oldest grandchild, she turned 50, and then a nephew who was almost killed, who you know, was in that car accident 10 years ago, where the car was cut in half. He made 38 this month. Matthias, so, yeah, this is a huge celebration month for my family too. That's cool.

Matthias Miller  02:24
Yeah, we haven't gotten, gotten hit very hard here, and just just because we're pretty rural and or semi rural, I guess, okay,

Speaker 1  02:35
and so, yeah, that's good news. That's really good news. So I'm happy and happy birthday, and give her a kiss and a hug from Auntie beer. And when she gets older, one day, she'll get to meet Auntie dear, you know, yep, yep. So the camping and all that good stuff. So rent went well this year, sorry, the wit you guys, did you go camping or where did you

Matthias Miller  03:06
go? No, well, we went. We went justification with with my wife's family. So stay with her parents, and then just did stuff with the different stuff with her family. Went down to DC for a day to the Bible Museum, went to the Delaware beaches,

Speaker 1  03:25
different things like that. Okay, okay, good, good, good, good. So what's going on with you?

Matthias Miller  03:38
So I enrolled, so I kind of, I forget. I kind of forget from time to time, it seems so long since we talked, but kind of on the business front, I felt like I felt a release from kind of being graduated from Pedro DEOs program and signed on with another coaching program that I've been following for quite some time and and that's been really that's been really good. I completed my Colby certification and had a conversation with Kathy Colby earlier this week about potential partnerships together with some of the projects that she's involved with,

Unknown Speaker  04:23
okay?

Matthias Miller  04:27
And really feel like I have a lot of clarity around clarity and support as far as next steps, okay? So one of the things, yeah, with that too, just kind of getting into the environment with a new I mean, it's interesting to compare the two environments, because pagers community is a lot of Kingdom minded people, but they're very, very, very, very, very early in their kind of entrepreneurial. Journey.

Unknown Speaker  05:00
Okay, so

Matthias Miller  05:01
you get the you get the kingdom, you get the kingdom kind of environment. But then the actual, I guess, entrepreneurial acumen isn't quite as strong, and in the other community, it's actually the the founders are actually, they're actually believers, but it's not overtly a kind of a kingdom community, but you definitely see those values coming through. But then then you have a lot more. It's just a higher level of people, kind of putting yourself into that environment has really helped me. So just one example of that, I've started getting up at 430 in the morning to go trail run for and so that's been a huge it's been a huge boost to be able to get that, get some kind of workout back into my back into my routine.

Speaker 1  05:56
Yeah. So are you doing? Are you doing it alone or it's the community that's doing it

Matthias Miller  06:04
No, I'm just No, like, No, I'm doing it alone. It's just getting into a community of people where they're very intentional about having people share their wins and just kind of that energy that you get from being, being around other, other people who are, I guess, kind of playing at a different level.

Speaker 1  06:30
Yeah, yeah, that's that's very important, that balance, that's important. So What? What? What's changed about you. Matthias, what have you experienced about yourself? What it was changed about you that you can put your finger on?

Matthias Miller  06:48
Oh, my goodness. Okay, so, I mean, I know one of the things that has really been unraveling for me is understanding the importance of pursuing what makes me happy and what gives life to me and what I enjoy,

Speaker 1  07:08
nice, nice

Matthias Miller  07:12
and and, like, this whole thing of like, there's so much, but like, that's probably been one of the biggest things. And even in terms of software, that's the other thing I didn't mention. Boy, this stuff is like, there's so much stuff happening. I texted you about this, but we had had that guy start full time. He's more on this, on the software side of things, which has been absolutely amazing. And I have a gleam in my eye. I don't know if this is realistic or not, but I have a gleam in my eye that sometime I could work myself mostly out of a job on the software side, which would be absolutely glorious.

Speaker 1  07:50
Please do that. Please do that. That's the plan. Matthias, that's your gift to yourself. When is your birthday?

Matthias Miller  08:00
November, 26

Unknown Speaker  08:02
early birthday present. How about that? Yep, yep.

Matthias Miller  08:10
So So that's been, that's been just having that. Here's the other thing I was telling my sister last night. My sister is very like, like, she's extremely relational. So like, she chooses where to go or where not to go based on like she'll not go to stuff if she thinks that there's a possibility, she'll have to quarantine just because it's so challenging for her and and I was talking to her last night that the more that I get away from working by myself, the harder it is to go back and and like, I just want to spend my

Speaker 1  08:52
time around people. You are Matthias, that's, that's where you are, that's, that's awesome.

Matthias Miller  09:02
And so it's been a huge boost to have Tim working full time, because, because not only can I, can we work together, and he can start kind of experiencing what, what goes in the design process, but, but it also, it's also really motivating. It really is motivating for both of us. He's kind of an ambivert,

Unknown Speaker  09:26
but but

Matthias Miller  09:29
especially motivating for me to be able to have somebody else that I can work with. And it kind of helps, helps keep me grounded and focused and get stuff done.

Speaker 1  09:37
Yeah, and it, and it encourages you and inspires you, and it also positions you. Matthias, where you're making a mark in the world. You know. You don't, you don't know who he is, don't know where he's going. And I often look at life like that. I I. I celebrate when people, when God adds people to my life that changed my life. And that's, that's life, that's, that's how it's supposed to function, where we are interconnected, and we don't know, for example, Matthias, we didn't know we were to be connected. Look at isn't that a great exam? Yeah, and I love that about God. He knows who to add, where and when, and to rest in that. It's just like your children, Matthias, they have you and your wife as parents, because they have a destiny there. There is a song I want you to write down, if you're able to write it down, it's Psalm. I don't know if I've given you this one psalm, 127, verse three through five. Can you pull that up? Matthias, is that challenging to do that? Okay? And it's going to bless you. I think this is the season for this song in your life, because you don't know what contributions you're giving to this gentleman that's working with you. You know, there's this saying that says when the student is ready, the teacher shows up. Yeah, and quite a few people are in they're in prep stages for what is next, Matthias, and oftentimes, God will use us as an instrument and as a vehicle for people to get there. I mean, that's what you do. You move you move people. You're the one bringing progress in the lives of people. Matthias And God is creator, and how he does it. And so if you have the verse what? What's your translation? What's your favorite translation?

Matthias Miller  12:08
I've got new living pulled up right now.

Speaker 1  12:12
Okay, so let's hear it, Psalm 127, and actually, you can start at verse one.

Matthias Miller  12:19
Unless the Lord builds a house, the work of the builders is wasted unless the Lord protects the city, guarding it with centuries will do no good. It is useless for you to work so hard, from early morning until late at night, anxiously working for food to eat for God gives rest to his loved ones. Children are a gift from the Lord. They are a reward from him. Children are born to a young man. Children born to a young man are like arrows in a warrior's hands. How joyful is the man whose quiver is full of them. He will not be put to shame when he confronts his accusers at City age.

Unknown Speaker  12:52
What do you think about this?

Matthias Miller  13:04
Uh, well, verse two. I mean, it's good thing we started at the beginning, because verse two is something that God's been talking to me last night about. And as far as the rest of you know, the rest of the respite, three to five,

Matthias Miller  13:32
I guess I'm realizing that there's some reframing and some rethinking that that I'm needing to do.

Speaker 1  13:38
And it's okay. It's okay, yeah. And the power keep talking, I'm listening.

Matthias Miller  13:52
It's kind of like, I mean, there's, there's been different types of kind of mindset, things that I've been thinking about what, you know, one of them, that's that I haven't really applied to the kids, but applying elsewhere is

Unknown Speaker  14:06
most people

Matthias Miller  14:09
are. I don't know that Jealous is the right word, but would desire the things that give us the problems that we that

Unknown Speaker  14:15
we have? Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  14:18
And I think, I think even applying it to kids. It's like most people. There's many people who would desire to have or who admire or who value like you think it's you, think it's so. I don't mean to like What's this. That's not really how I look at it. But like most people painted this so noble to take care of kids who don't have who have, you know, difficult histories. And

Unknown Speaker  14:46
yeah, it is really and

Matthias Miller  14:50
it is, but many people aren't willing to pay the price either for that

Speaker 1  14:55
exactly, exactly and that, that's double honor. Yeah. On you and your wife, Matthias, and your family, even your children, because they're growing up in a home that loves people, and they will always have that tucked away in their hearts, no matter how strange, how crazy the world gets, or in just they will always have in their heart. That's not fair, that's not right, because of what they're living Matthias And so your babies are second generation of nobility, your children. And I'll give you an example. My mom raised all of her grandchildren and how she did it. All the parents that worked, they would bring their kids to her home, and the majority of them would get to live with my mom for five days a week, and then they would go home on the weekends, and mom would send them home with a pot of food. She would make greens or yams or chicken or whatever. And so she, to me, is the greatest example of a matriarch, because she understood if she didn't model what it was to be family. We would miss it because there are so many distractions in the earth. Matthias that strip family of their time, their dignity, their unity, which is where all their strength lies. And so my mom, she laid the foundation of this is how you build a family. And the men and my family are fathers, and it doesn't matter how that baby got here. We We claim that child, Matthias, and that child becomes ours, and then we love that child, we serve that child, and we celebrate that child, we encourage that child, no matter what the circumstances were. Matthias, because these babies, they don't, they don't get to decide who their parents are. They don't. They don't get to decide how they get here, Matthias, and it's just the grace and the love and the honor of God. And in that, in that Psalm, it clearly tells us children are a heritage from the Lord. It's in their heirs. They're heirs of God first before we get them. And imagine if the world saw it that way? Matthias, wow, yeah, it's in the word right there. He said, there are arrows in the hand of a mighty warrior and and to me, Matthias, that encourages me. So because I need to be strong, I need to be wise, I need to be intentional in what I do, because valer is watching me every day, Aubrey, Alana, Sherina, Edward, all of our over 200 and something grands and greats and great greats are watching us. And not only are they watching us, God is watching and most adults, they don't that's not their reality. They tolerate their children. No, this is an inheritance from God. Be mindful.

Unknown Speaker  18:34
Be careful. Be loving. Celebrate that. Them, discern them, prepare them to hit the mark, because the only reason an archer has an arrow is to hit the target. Right?

Speaker 1  18:56
That's right, he has a target. And those babies have a target, every single one of them, every single one of them that you encounter, not just the ones in your house, Matthias at that party, every single one of those little people have a target that God intends for them to hit, and we nurture them to hit the mark. We don't discourage them. Imagine if our parents knew that Matthias, we'd be in a whole different position right now, but people don't know that. They don't know that, and it's okay, but God knows it, and he's a promise keeper, and that's why those little ones are in your home and under your care. They have, they have a target to him, and they will say, my dad. He taught me this. My dad. He showed me this. My mom. She taught I broke Coco. Coco. Cosa. What an honor to. Say what mom and dad has taught you, what a privilege. And God said, I'll be a mother to who the motherland, yeah, and I'll be a father to the fatherless. So none of my mother's grand grew up, rejected, abandoned, and and I'm gonna tell you, I got some knucklehead in my family, but it didn't happen on my mom's watch. She wasn't having it, but my sister, my oldest sister, decided to be wayward. My sister, my mother would say to her, Okay, you could do what we haven't taught you, but those babies, when you think about doing something stupid, you make sure you bring those babies here. And she was adamant about that. And so that's that's our family legacy. We cover and protect and take care of our babies, no matter how wild. And William there, you know, there was drugs and, and there was all kinds of stuff and, and foolishness, just foolishness. And we were, but they were well protected and loved and celebrated by my mom. And it was so many of them, Matthias, she would always cook Sunday dinner that people would have to come in groups, like we're doing this covid thing, you know, only seven or 10 or whatever, and so everybody would have their scheduled time to come and sit down and eat. Faithfully. She did that until she wasn't able to do it anymore. Funding dinner was always available for the family, and if you had a child, they had the right and the honor of being with grandma five days a week and going home on the weekends with no complaints. And so honor, honor is everything, and that's why I love children. To date Matthias, because I saw my mom's love for children, and she was an only child, which is not, and she had nine of her own. And so yeah, you're building legacy Matthias, and there's nothing more honorable, and God will help you. He will give you the grace. I've watched my mom go through so much with my siblings, but they all turned out to be everything she asked God to make us to be, and she couldn't do it. My dad couldn't do it. They couldn't force it on us, but they loved us in it. Matthias, they didn't love what they always thought, but they loved us. We never questioned their love, but we understood their standards. Yeah, we never we never crash, questioned their love. And so there's a legacy of love in my family, no matter what, no matter what, yeah, God is faithful. He's faithful. So that's what you're building, and God is right alongside easy. You're co laboring with God because your family is God's idea. Your marriage union is God's idea. Your assignment in the earth is God's idea. And I've been saying to quite a few people lately, Matthias, because it's God's idea, I can go to sleep at night. I don't have to worry about the outcome. It's his idea. It's gonna it's going to manifest. It's going to come to maturity. Imagine having that kind of peace about everything. He's a promise keeper.

Speaker 1  23:59
He's a promise keeper. Show you how much of a promise keeper, one of my nephews is engaged to get married. However, this child is by a woman that he met, and she caught covid. She has a six month old and a three year old, and then my nephew Edward. He's Edward JR. He's 12, and he's autistic. And she got the virus. Both of her babies got the virus, and my nephew didn't get it, my great nephew, how do you explain that Matthias accepted the grace of God, and Matthias to show you how critical it is to surrender, obey, even when you don't understand. Because we were clueless in the beginning about how severe this thing was and serious. So I. Um, it was in March, and Aubrey, she just made two my great niece. We were doing a small get together celebration of her. And when I was preparing to come to the birthday party, Holy Spirit said, take your oils. Here, take your anointing oil. Now. Mind you, Matthias, I don't always travel with it, but I travel with it. When he tells me to I take the oil, Matthias, he tells me when you get to the party. Now, we're not as informed of covid as we are now. So I'm thinking, Okay, God, you know, no problem. I'll knock the babies and those who were in attendance, the coronavirus has been in their environments, and they have not caught it. Matthias, because I anointed those whose parents were not there at that get together, but the parents who were there, I anointed the parents, and then they anointed their own children. And that baby was there, Edward Jr, was at that party I'm telling you about, about his goodness, Matthias, when we're doing a matter of fact thing. So it's never a matter of fact with God. Never, ever, ever, never, it's always hitting the mark. And you keep that in your heart, you're hitting the mark. I don't care how much you have to group and regroup, structure, restructure, think, rethink, I don't care. That's part of life. That's how we develop, yeah, yeah, be intentional, be present, be discerning and be obedient, yeah? Yep.

Speaker 1  27:00
Yeah. God is he trust you. Matthias, trust and honor was written all over you. When I saw you at the Truth Seminar, trust, trust and honor, I just saw authority and honor and all the right stuff. Matthias, you have all the right stuff. Walk in it without human permission. Okay, yep, you don't need body's permission to be Matthias. You don't need man's permission to switch gears. You don't need man's permission to develop somebody, to mentor someone to love some you don't need man's permission for that. That's the will of God concerning us. Matthias, I don't need, I don't need human permission to be who I am. We were ordained before the foundation of the world Matthias, we are literally co laborers with God, his right hand man, you know, his ex man, his mighty man of valor. That's who we are, and we ought to be the difference, no matter who likes, no matter who comes alongside of us and Pat us on the back, or don't know that is what I am to do. This is what God has called me to do. Because we don't know who these people are. But God does. We don't know who these arrows are. God does? You So aim those babies exactly where they're supposed to go. Matthias while you discern them and know what they love. I love the fact your wife is making your daughter a cupcake. You know she's gonna be like, Oh, my God. Mom is super woman. How did she do that? You know what I'm saying, oh, that's going to be just heaven, like, Oh, my God. It's a giant cup, you know, and all the other kids, oh, my God, you know, it's the smallest things. Matthias, yeah, it's those little things that don't cost much.

Speaker 1  29:21
So, Psalm 127, verse three through five, is critical in this hour, and I the way I view it. Matthias, he sent all the kids home, even his own kids. God sent the grown kids home, and he sent the babies home. But there should be no greater love in the earth than your parents, none. None should compare all, all else love, all other love, should pale to the love of a parent, because they're modeling who God is to us. Matthias, they're their we're their first model. And. Right now valor. I'm teaching them to pray. And so when I get the food, he's in such a hurry, you know, thank you Jesus, while he's pulling on the and I say, No, you're going to sit down. And I'm teaching him for his hands, and he's got his eyes on the food, and he's saying, you know, people, I don't even understand why, the only way this lady is gonna let me eat is I gotta say this strange thing she's telling me to say. And it's so exciting because now he'll say to Auri, which is his cousin, their first cousins, their parents are sisters, their moms. And did you think she's, you know, you don't understand it, but I'm training him because he's her big husband, yeah, and they love each other, and so she's going to pray because he prays, and that's okay. We don't care, as long as you do it. And then when you get to a point in your life, you're going to understand, I'm glad my great aunt taught me how to pray. You know what I'm saying? Matthias, yes, yes, yeah, they're gonna need it. Yeah, you're doing a great thing. Don't come down. And that's in every area of your life, and wherever you think you're falling short. Like I just said, have mercy. Thank you Jesus, and I love you, Lord, because there's nothing you can do about Yeah, but things got to come to maturity, that's all. And when you know you need more grace, Father, give me more grace. I need more when you know you're angry, when you know you want to tear up something, when you know you're like, Okay, I don't want to do this anymore. More grace. Lord, more grace. I'm telling you, 60 years old, raising a Matthias. I this was not my idea of 60, I promise you. Yeah. But God knows what he put inside of us, and he desires that we reproduce, not just physically, but spiritually. So these babies eat sleep and drink with you, and they know their dad loves God. You see what I'm feeling about. They're not guessing. They don't have guess. You're not living a double life. There's no confusion in your household. Mm hmm. Celebrate it. Celebrate it. And ask for more grace every time you say, Okay, God, I'm tired. More grace. Okay, I'm giving you the I'm giving you the tips, I'm giving you the nugget. When you're dealing with crazy family members, more grace, Lord, yeah, ask for more grace for the stubborn ones. They need it. They need more God enabled. Don't get frustrated. This joy protected Matthias, this joy what you're feeling right now, this wonderful, refreshing, this wonderful, powerful presence of God. Celebrate it. Nurture nurture it, protect it. This wonderful approval of God. I see him with his hand on your head. Matthias blessing you. You're not waiting until you get to the other side. You're going to see the manifestation. You will see the manifestation. God has ordained you shake a lot to see the manifestation and you will, and you will, no matter what else you see, you will see the fulfillment and the manifestation of the grace of God on your life and again without man's approval, because that's not the approval we desire. Everybody has a right to their opinions. Allowed. It's fine, but God always has the final say, Mm hmm. Oh yeah, oh yeah, you're in a great place. Don't move, Matthias, and what I mean by not moving, don't move in your heart. Don't move in your creativity. That In other words, stay focused. Stay focused, Matthias, because you you're on point, you're hitting the mark. Always think about Psalm 125, verse three through five, you're hitting the mark. You're one of his children. You're hitting the mark. God has aimed you in the right direction, and continue to allow him to aim you. Yeah. Mm.

Unknown Speaker  35:03
So what are your thoughts?

Matthias Miller  35:17
I at the very beginning, when you were started talking about children, everything is something I listened to this morning. Somebody was talking about really difficult time from 17 to 22 when they when they were betrayed by by family. And one of the things that they said was, was making the shift from in spite of to be, to in spite of to because of, and it's not that he succeeded in spite of it. It's that he became stronger because of that, all right. And again, it was, it's just like thinking about how even, even for the sake of my children holding that mindset and that frame of thinking for them, so that they can grow up with that mentality, that it's not because

Speaker 1  36:21
yeah, yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  36:27
And I think too, with some of these things. And it's just like, in some ways it's such a comfortable journey. In some ways it's such an uncomfortable journey, because, you know, there's a few months there was just even a kind of Kingdom entrepreneurship and feeling directed to go Babylon. But it feels like okay, like you're supposed to go to Babylon, learn from Babylon. Like just trusting that that God is directing me and all of that, like when he's when he's aiming us,

Matthias Miller  37:18
doesn't always make sense of things that we're going past or the things that we're going through, and we don't always See the target that we're

Unknown Speaker  37:26
exactly that's powerful.

Speaker 1  37:42
It's totally about hitting the target. And I love God because it's interesting. And I'm honestly in this time of the guidance, I am having a ball Matthias, because there are people that I absolutely don't have to see, and I think I should, Lord, you know, so I need to stop thanking him, because, you know, it's people that want to get out, they want to do things and and I'm saying, Oh, God, thank you. And so he has shifted me Matthias in such a powerful way. Um, economically, I'm building a business and with a team of people just like yourself that got it going on. And, I mean, they're all over the nation, and I'm loving these people, Matthias, and I'm thinking, thank you Lord. You know, it's like he took this little arrow out just saying, you know, and and it aimed right at a group of people that I desperately needed in my life. And I believe that there are many like us, Matthias, who it's like Out with the old in with the new burn, the old wineskin. Let's get this new baby rocking and rolling, you know, and get this new wine flowing and and that's what you're experiencing. Matthias, new wine, new wine scan. And God is not attaching the two. He's not he said, don't do it that. Don't put a new garment. Don't attach a new garment to the old. It'll rip it. It'll rip the old. It'll rip the old to shreds. And so what he's really saying is, burn the old. Don't, don't try to attach the two. Don't do it and I receive it, and I'm loving this new place. I'm loving these new people. And guess what? We're doing it all through technology. I don't have to see you. You don't have to see me. Have my PJs on. I don't have to comb my hair. Matthias, you know all of the amenities of life. You. Know, I'm just thoroughly enjoying them, and there is a wonderful financial blessing with it all. As a matter of fact, what I'm doing, Matthias, I'm getting an $800 bonus this Friday for maybe spending an hour a day is that, and the business builds itself. And so that's because God is positioning me, because we've got another layer of children that we've gotta aim straight to the mark Matthias. We've already made plans, you know, for their future and things that we didn't have. Matthias, you know, like yourself. You know, you know what that's like. And we're saying no, this, this, this generation right here. No, no, no. There will be no struggle with college. No, no, no. There will be no struggles in purchasing a home, no, no, no, there will be no struggles in being financially stable. And what we mean, what we call stability, is where you're not in debt for the necessities that you can have necessities in your life and not go into debt to have them. And so very sober and practical and building legacy for real Matthias, because we've got a good 20 more years where we can influence these adults, these young adults in my family. And so God says Vivian family is your priority, and that what I'm cultivating, I'm cultivating our lineage. Matthias, the patriarch is gone. She left in 2010 I mean, the matriarch is gone, you know. And she carried this family. My dad died in 79 and she carried this family until her death, and she left an amazing deposit in us. And so we have to walk according to the will of God. We have to love each other. Matthias, we have to continue to pray for each other and believe God for what He promised. Matthias, he made us a promise, and again, he makes good on all of his promise. And so when you have nothing else to hold on to Google a promise so you understand me, sir, yes. What is your promise? For this, what is your promise? And stand flat footed. My mama, she got a robocosta Matthias because I will Google a promise in a minute. But I would say, God, you promised. I just had a nephew to come out of treatment for alcoholism, and he admitted himself Matthias, and he's just in his 30s. And I said, God, thank you, you know. And he's doing well. He's got two daughters, and so it's like you promised, Lord, every time we get news, that's my response. Thank you, Lord, you promised. You know, yes, that the news is a fact, but you're the truth. God, you're the truth. The truth is we're already healed. Matthias, we're already blessed. We're already live, but people don't know that, so we gotta walk in our truth. That's your assignment. What is your truth? That's what I want to hear about the next time we talk. That's your homework assignment. What is Matthias truth? I outside of your marriage, outside of being a father, what is your truth outside of being a son? And I don't want you to hold back. I want to hear it. That's the question, what is my truth?

Speaker 1  44:28
Yeah, Mm, hmm, he's doing it. Matthias, if we let him, we gotta let him. We have to allow him to do it. We gotta get out the way and stay out the way. Father, what would you have me to do? And do it? Matthias, you don't need permission to obey God.

Speaker 1  44:57
I see a father. There in you being unleashed that cannot be put out. Matthias, make note of that. This is Friday, July 17, at 8:47am, I see, I just saw a ferocious fire that could not be put out on bro, Chick liquor. Woman, she Lamar, Casa. Men play Papa Bosa, father. I cover Matthias. I cover his wife. I cover his children, and I cover his children's children to the 1,000th generation that they will be everything the earth need. Father, in Isaiah chapter 11, Father, you talked about your spirit that would rest upon us, your spirit of wisdom and knowledge and understanding and the spirit of the fear of the Lord. Father, I decree and declare that my brother, Matthias walk in the blessings of Isaiah, chapter 11, God and I decree and declare that his children will lead as children, that they even as children. No brochure, no matter what age they are, leader, a leader is inside of them, the leader that you ordained and designed them to be in their generation. God, we agree with you. God, we agree with you. Father on their purpose, we agree with you, Father for your plan for their lives, we agree with you, Father, for the grace to develop them and shape them and mold them and love them right into the center of your wheel. Manithi, mambu, Casa. We will mark this day, Father, we will mark the 17th of July. God, when you had us to cry out and decree and declare over their lives. God, I cover Matthias children in the blood of Jesus, Father, I cover them from the crown of their head to the soles of their feet. God, no weapon formed against them shall prosper, and every tongue that rises up against them in judgment shall be condemned. You said, For this is the heritage of the saints. This is the inheritance. I'm Bruce. Thank you, God that Matthias is developing a lineage and a legacy. After your own heart, his children will have a heart for you. Father. His children will have a heart for justice. His children will have a heart to dominate in the earth. God, yeah, about she can on the mokuza, men, brika custom, Brescia, I hear God saying, I hear Holy Spirit saying, Matthias, you are raising up in time process. You are raising End Time warriors. You are raising end time teachers. He says, teach them what they need to know. Matthias, show them what they need to know and love them in the process memory, they will know the love of the Father because they have the love of a natural father, an earthly father, who is demonstrating the love of God, mom and God says, Because of your heart of compassion, he says, increase, increase, increase. Matthias, increase memory Shaka. He said he's opened up doors that man cannot shut and he's shutting doors that man cannot open. On your behalf, I see you asking God, shut the door, shut the door, and I see you asking God, open the door, open bro. And God says, you have an assignment to follow current events. Matthias, and you can speak to them from your living room, and you will see the manifestation of what comes forth out of your mouth. Bah, bah, bah. Sheeta MOPO, God said, I'm going to show you where the strongholds are, and you're to shut them down. You're to pluck them up, and you're to throw them down to the glory of God. God says, You're a battle act in the earth. You. He's shaping you and molding you to be a battle ax mon pro Costa, and he said, What you destroy with the fruit of your lips will be destroyed, and what you build with the fruit of your lips, it will be built. Is what I hear God saying. Thank you, Father, Thank you Jesus, thank You Lord. We give you glory and we give you on hallelujah. Get the glory out of Matthias life, Baba. Sheko Robo, Baba, get the glory out of his life. Matthias, I see you being extremely influential with men of me, mom, Bruce, and it's going to be something about you that draws them to you, Matthias, because there are so many that don't know the way they know God, but they don't know the way Matthias memory. And you're going to show them, and you're going to educate them, and you're going to develop them. Bri Baba Casa to be God's men and not bought men. To be God's men and not bought men. Pre Baba, it's going to send you men with pure hearts, Matthias to transform communities and homes and and places, mentee, that's the great grace and the call on your life to be a transformer, the CO labor With God in the transformation of men with me. Mandriba, about man three, baby, baby, it is so you're covered. Matthias and everybody you love is covered. I'm pretty sure Coco mamana, cocosa, thank you Father. Thank you Lord. Thank You Father. In Jesus, name Amen,

Speaker 1  52:37
so and so it is Matthias. It is, it is so it is so it is, rest in it, rest in it and walk, rest in it and walk in it. Thank you, Jesus. Thank You Lord. He knows exactly what he's doing. Matthias, and we don't always have to understand, and we don't, and we won't, but he is faithful from Wow. Thank you, Jesus. Be thankful. You're on schedule. Yay. Yay,

Speaker 1  53:25
you're on schedule. You're hitting the mark. Matthias, that's how I want you to think. And when you're concerned, Father, am I hitting the mark? Or what do I need to do to hit the mark? If he's giving you the Scripture? Matthias, do

Matthias Miller  53:53
I mean, just got to say this, when you were talking about children, as children, even as children, they would lead. What that immediately went to the 101 arguments that we have in our

Unknown Speaker  54:10
in our house. So that's

Matthias Miller  54:15
what happens when you have a whole pile of leaders all all on top of each other,

Speaker 1  54:21
this other negotiation. Okay, man, this is what we're going to what do we need? Well, what I think is that, you know, and allow them, Matthias, allow them to lead in your house. Matthias, and say, Okay, what's the fair thing? You know? Use words like that. Use rationales when you say, stuff, okay, what? What's going to happen if we do ABC, oh, then such and such. You know, allow them to think critically while they fill their household Matthias. Let them strut their stuff and say, Okay, if this is not fair, then what's fair? They watch, them all have a comment and all, and that's exactly what you want. And you're on everything is is in divine order, cuz what's not Jesus, that's what I'm saying. Listen, I need to do what God told me. You know, he just went off on his little own and his parents like, Oh, my God, where is the Son of God? We can't find show from, you know, I'm supposed to be by my father's business. And you know, he was, he was about his father's business. And so these babies got to be about their father's business. Teach them. Matthias, teach them. You and teach them the truth.

Speaker 1  55:54
Because you got lawyers, you got litigators, man, you got governors in your house. You got states women and state men. Don't play. Don't play. Matthias, if you knew you were raising a king and a queen, how would you raise them? And that's what you keep in your heart. You are raised in the future, brother, and that's real. Yeah.

Speaker 1  56:26
So rest. More grace, Father, when you, when you, when you get tired and you've had enough, more grace. More grace. Okay, um,

Speaker 1  56:46
huh, militia? You're raising a militia, brother, you got an army to handle the business.

Unknown Speaker  57:02
So what's your homework assignment?

Matthias Miller  57:07
Well, it's, well, the homework assignment is, is answering the question, what is my truth, outside of outside of marriage, outside of a father? What is my truth? And then, second to that the my, my address is Psalm, Psalm 127,

Speaker 1  57:25
among a mom. Live there, live him, take apart, dissect it, and let God speak to you more, because your fatherhood is your honor.

Unknown Speaker  57:43
That's your that's your honor. Matthias, that's your honor. That's so young. All this other stuff is icing cake. Yeah, the cake is fatherhood, fatherhood and her husband, that's the cake and and we got it twisted. Matthias,

Speaker 1  58:08
God is more concerned about lineage than anything in the earth. Abraham Isaac and Jacob. Jesus came through 42 generations. That is his saying, that we have that right, that we get that right, and that's where we at home. We're in muzzles, but we don't know how to, how to do what God told us to do. And I'm not saying, I'm not saying we're being punished Matthias, I'm saying, What do you say to the child that doesn't stop talking? Usually, what do you say? Go to your room and I don't want to hear it.

Unknown Speaker  58:56
Yeah, it's time to say what God is saying. Matthias do? Yeah, yeah, with no apology.

Speaker 1  59:13
So I'm excited brother about what's going on.

Matthias Miller  59:19
Yeah, me too.

Speaker 1  59:21
It's joking. I been ready to burn the pages off your journal. Brother,

Unknown Speaker  59:32
fizzling Matthias, let it out. And I can't wait to hear what God is going

Speaker 1  59:47
and again, I'm a text and an email away. Hey, vivin, you know, if you send me an email, Viv look at your email. Yep. Okay, you. Got it all right. Burn it up. Matthias, whatever you touch, make it sizzle.

Matthias Miller  1:00:14
Awesome, awesome, awesome.

Speaker 1  1:00:18
Any, anything, anything last, last thing you want to share with me? I

Matthias Miller  1:00:24
can't think of anything else Good,

Speaker 1  1:00:27
okay, blessings on you, blessings on your household, blessings on everything you're building. Matthias, Amen, thank you. Amen. You're welcome, dear, love you guys and talk to you the next time we talk. All right, sounds good, I'll be in touch. Okay, all right, bye. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai