Unknown Speaker  00:00
Lent what's the good news?

Matthias Miller  00:05
Well, first of all, this week, I've been focusing on getting more sleep, so my mind is a lot clearer than it

Unknown Speaker  00:17
usually is.

Unknown Speaker  00:20
That's good news.

Unknown Speaker  00:21
That is good news.

Matthias Miller  00:26
So update on Converse. Well, okay, second

Unknown Speaker  00:29
of all, I watched the I watched

Matthias Miller  00:35
that video. You sent.

Unknown Speaker  00:36
What do you thought that's it's on point. Yes, sir, yes, sir, yes, sir.

Matthias Miller  00:51
And I think you know we've been again these things reminds me of how when you want to dig in a concrete wall, you pound on it for a while, and it looks like nothing's happening, and then all of a sudden it

Unknown Speaker  01:06
crumbles. That's what I'm talking about.

Matthias Miller  01:10
And with the whole thing of clarity, you know? I mean, there have been so many of those pieces that we've kind of touched on, but the underlying belief it shouldn't take this long, or that, I don't know, there were just so many pieces, even the even the whole camelser discussion about patience is not whether you wait, it's how you

Unknown Speaker  01:31
wait, yeah, and

Matthias Miller  01:35
increasing, increasing Your pain tolerance.

Speaker 1  01:38
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, yes, yeah.

Matthias Miller  01:45
Sometimes you do that kicking and screaming, but it happens.

Unknown Speaker  01:48
Oh yeah. You can even as a part of

Unknown Speaker  01:52
it's part of it, it's true, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  01:54
it comes with

Unknown Speaker  01:55
it, yeah, yep.

Speaker 2  01:58
That's good. That's good, and it is, isn't it interesting the timing of him reposting that, because that's, that's a video that he did previously. So he decided now is the time to repost it. And it's so perfect, you know, because people are held to skelter right now, yeah, yeah, very much. So that helps, you know, like you're not crazy and you're not alone, yeah,

Matthias Miller  02:32
yeah. And I think there's the misconception of what it looks like to be in a company

Speaker 2  02:38
of giants. Oh, yeah, yeah, oh yeah, yeah, and see what's powerful. Matthias, you were getting rid of head trash, so that just booted it out the window. That's true. Yeah, you was gonna get rid of the head trash journey, and it just booted it out, like the trash just tied it up.

Speaker 1  03:05
Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  03:16
And then update on conversations. It's interesting relating with Ian.

Unknown Speaker  03:24
Okay,

Unknown Speaker  03:29
he's just,

Matthias Miller  03:31
there's so much community. I mean, there's so many he's,

Unknown Speaker  03:35
he is used to

Matthias Miller  03:38
being 100% in the know, yes, and using that as a context for making decisions of what you will or will not

Speaker 2  03:47
do, yes, which is a big sign of immaturity. Matthias, it just shows where he is developmentally.

Matthias Miller  03:57
And that's been a huge shift for me too, of understanding that, like, again, rather than taking it personally, I can step back from the conversation and just be like, Okay, that's interesting. That's where you're at, and still not always knowing when, when the right. Oh no, it is this sometimes, sometimes you just get off a call and you're like, I mean, I got off my call with him on Tuesday. I was just like, like, I don't even know what

Speaker 2  04:31
you think, and you have to leave it there. You have to leave it there, don't, you know, it's pretty much like, and I'll say it this way, because this is how I'm hearing it when someone's carrying a whole lot of luggage, Matthias, and you understand we only need an overnight bag, then you just let them lug it, telling you, Matthias, you say, wait a minute, this is a two day trip. Why do you have five pieces of luggage? I'm telling you, that's not. A visual

Unknown Speaker  05:02
so true. It's like,

Matthias Miller  05:06
we're relocating to another country and saying goodbye to all of our friends. Yeah, and

Unknown Speaker  05:13
you're going down the street to the hotel, you're going

Matthias Miller  05:15
down to the coffee shop.

Speaker 2  05:18
It's like, Ah, man, put that stuff in the car and do not bring it out. And so by you knowing that Matthias, your life is going to be sweeter and peaceful, as you said, do not take it personal. It is who you that is the person, if I It has nothing to do with you, and what's interesting, like, I don't, for whatever reason, I feel like he's inherited it, that attitude, like it's somewhere, it's somewhere close in his environment. Matthias, yeah, and he, and he has been given license to be that way, you know, and it's just sad, because people like that, I feel like they miss out on so much that God has for them, because they're They're just frozen, and it's like, man, fall out. It is not that serious. We're in a pandemic. Okay, you know, it's kind of like, Did you see what was it bird cage? Or what was that movie where they they had to be blindfolded? What was the name of that movie? Matthias? It may be. It was barricade. I may have the title wrong, but when you're given instructions, especially by God, to follow them, you can't skirt around and play with it. It's like, no, that's not what God told you to do. And so that's that's a pride problem. That's a serious pride problem, because I spoke with Mindy today,

Unknown Speaker  07:04
yeah, and it was good.

Matthias Miller  07:09
She said something afterward, just very briefly, she said, Yeah, I talked to Vivian today. And I don't know how she said it. She was like, something about you being a great lady. I was like, Yep, she's a gem.

Speaker 2  07:22
You know what she is, a jewel, Matthias. And you know what she said? She said, I love working for Matthias. I'm proud. She said, Oh my God. She said this, he is so genuine. She said he is nothing like where I've come, where I come from. So I told you, you're a shock to people system Matthias, you're God's new thing in earth. Really, that's your goal, to transform and change. And I'm telling you she was, oh my goodness, just a bundle of joy. I enjoy speaking with her. And it's crazy, because Holy Spirit had me to bring up something, and she was, she was a music teacher for three years.

Unknown Speaker  08:11
Did you know that? I had no idea,

Speaker 2  08:14
but it's crazy Matthias, because I just get on and I just start talking, right? I just say, what Holy Ghost, tell me. Just said, and he just unpacked her, and I told her, I said, I said, Mindy, promise. I said, first of all, I apologize. You know, was impromptu, because she called, she reached out. She had an hour. He said, If I got an hour, you know, left me a message. I saw her call, called her back, Matthias, and I said, Hey, I'm just checking in. So what do we have about 15 minutes or 10 minutes? She said, No, we've got about 30 minutes or 45 I said, Okay, and so Matthias, honest to heart, just an honest woman. And you know what the blessing is, Matthias. I said, because what the Holy Spirit gave me regarding her, I asked her to promise me that when Holy Spirit prompts her to make a comment, no matter how off the charts she think it is, she needs to make it. I said, Because Mindy, if you're different, God gave you those different eyes, that different sensitivity, I said, so you need to come forth. Oh, I did. I put the she doesn't know. I put the double barrel of her me and the whole knew what I was doing with God. I said, Mindy, you got to pause me. She said, Viv, all I know because I told her. I said, Mindy, for whatever reason, I just got this wonderful joy when I saw your face. I said, for the first time, on the first zoom, and I said I was giggling and laughing at myself because I was like Viv, just kind of calmed. Calm down, because these people don't know you. She laughed. I said, But Mindy, it was something very special about you. And then she said, Viv I got the same thing, like I got these really good vibes when I saw you on there, you was all happy. And so Matthias God is setting your culture. You gotta know that. You gotta know it. He hears your heart. He hears your heart. Matthias And so what you gotta do is stay the course, man, don't back up and don't back down.

Unknown Speaker  10:36
Yeah, do not yeah

Speaker 2  10:42
and her gifts, you know, I told her, I said, Mindy, I said, all of us have different gifts. All of us bring something different. I said, so the blessing for me is we're all different. And I said, that's a good thing. And she said, Yeah, I mean, she it was like, I'm sure Matthias. She was kind of shocked, like, I didn't expect this phone call to be like this, because it was very, it was very simple, yeah, no pushing or pulling. And she did. She said she worked for a bank, and she said it was not, it's nothing like working for Matthias. She said, Viv, he is sent from God. She said, you know, and she was just telling me the story. So continue to operate from that place of her joy to be there. Matthias, wow, and absence. I need your input. I need your input. Mindy, regardless if you think it makes sense or not. Push, push, you know, nudge, nudge, nudge, get her talking,

Matthias Miller  11:46
which is exactly what I did this afternoon, right before

Unknown Speaker  11:49
she left. Excellent.

Speaker 2  11:52
Yeah, that's awesome. Yeah, so she's awesome. She's a beautiful human being, Matthias, and it was just so good to talk to her, and then I just put I said, Okay, Mindy, I'm looking forward to talking to you again, you know, because it this is not about pulling anybody, forcing anybody. This is about discovery, and God is God of always showing us something. Matthias, and we gotta live there. We got to live in that place. What do you want to show me today? Father, what do you have for me today? Yeah, because he has you on this journey. Matthias, he's, he's the maestro.

Unknown Speaker  12:36
Yeah, yep.

Speaker 2  12:40
So good. Yeah, yeah. And so the good thing is, her heart is so open and she's delighted. She is super. So if you said, Okay, Mindy, this would you know, she'll just jump in and say, okay, because she trusts you. Matthias, that's a whole different world. You know what I'm saying? That's a whole nother world. He trusts

Speaker 1  13:03
you, yeah. Mm, hmm, yeah,

Speaker 2  13:09
yeah. She really trusts you. And so build on that, no, and just bring her along. Yep.

Speaker 1  13:27
Wow, good stuff. Yeah, that's good stuff.

Speaker 2  13:37
Oh. Yes. So anything but your paper Matthias is off the chain. Did you do that by yourself?

Matthias Miller  13:50
Yeah, well, I had so, I mean, I had that. That one guy just kind of prompted me on the builder thing and some of that, like the B hack, he helped me with some of those pieces a little bit. There's a lot of that.

Unknown Speaker  14:04
Matthias,

Unknown Speaker  14:07
yeah, that's really good.

Unknown Speaker  14:10
So what's your next step from there?

Matthias Miller  14:15
I'm gonna get that recorded. I've been listening to it on the way it worked, which has been, like, awesome, because then I don't have to sit and read, yeah and so, and I might need to re record it. So next steps, I had a conversation with a guy. Okay, I don't know what to do with this

Unknown Speaker  14:32
thing, but

Matthias Miller  14:36
the whole thing, this has been, like a month or two ago, Israel was just like, on my radar and and so ever since that, I've always been like, hyper aware of there's any kind of Jew or somebody with, you know, somebody in Israel or connected to Israel, I've always been, like, always on my radar.

Unknown Speaker  14:57
Okay, so.

Matthias Miller  14:59
So one so recently, so one of the guys posted one of the coaching groups asking for some help, wondering if anybody could reach out. I was like, Hey, be happy to chat with you see what's going on. He is, and turns out he's, he's Jewish and awesome, and he is one of the most genuine, warmest, like people, wow. And he's working with agency owners. And agencies are a bit notorious for being, I don't know if it's notorious, but they kind of have a little bit of a reputation for being aggressive and, okay, I don't know. So we had a really good conversation. And then he suggested I reach out to other people. He shared some some ideas for me to pursue. We were supposed to talk 30 minutes. We ended up talking about talking about hour and 10 minutes. Oh, that's awesome. Matthias, and then he encouraged me to reach out to somebody else in the group who does, who works with in the construction space under like, like, under seven figures. And one of the things that he mentioned was around this whole thing of is, like, first of all, you're going to have, if you're selling an ERP, which is, you know, kind of a three letters that mean what we do, I guess you might have better success. We're going to have better success with larger companies, but maybe even in manufacturing. And I've just never even so, and then here's, like, the stuff that I'm processing with that is that kind of what one of my mentors was talking about committing to a specific people group in the construction space. And maybe it's broader than that. Maybe it's just, you know, the blue collar types of types of spaces, I don't even know, okay, the whole concept of, let's go with what's working. You know, what are the things that have worked? We have had better success in

Unknown Speaker  17:14
trying to think,

Matthias Miller  17:16
I mean, some of these, you know, our best clients have been there's, we don't have that many numbers, but we've got some clients that are, you know, pretty closely connected with manufacturing or some aspect of it. So

Speaker 1  17:33
there's that. So that like, what does that look like? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  17:46
let's see. There's another piece with that.

Unknown Speaker  17:50
I asked Ian.

Matthias Miller  17:53
I was like, what would it look like to put put together a plan for me to have more conversations with qualified prospects? And he went down some rabbit trails, and I circled up, and I was like, so what would it look like? Cinematex? I should probably just read it.

Unknown Speaker  18:14
What did I tell him? I

Matthias Miller  18:27
So this morning, I remembered an article that I wrote a long time ago from a coach who lives from a coaching program. The coach who's connected with has been connected with Planet Perry and lived in Israel, interestingly, and he so I sent him, sent him that was like, was this the right hook? Should we retitle it? Ian's like, why not the title you have? It's great article. And so, so I just texted him back. It's like, so can you help build a plan to get this out there? We could have Ellis test with an ad. And he says, I can work with the proposal. Asked him a reasonable timeline. He gave some timeline, and he says, just want to make sure that I'm just doing a recommended this is so typical Ian, so I'm able to come up with a basic outline for proposal tomorrow afternoon. If you were looking for more than that, I'm not able to commit, though, at this point, I'm not able to consider picking back up managerial slash operations responsibilities. Just wanted to make sure I'm understanding what you're after, but if it's a recommendation for plan of action, I'm willing and able to do that tomorrow. That's I just said. I'm not looking for you to oversee it. Just draft a plan of action. Sounds great plan of action, to put that out there, and we'll see with that. I talked to Mindy and asked her like, Hey, Mindy, if you had to strike up conversations with people to get a copy of this in their hands, like, how would you do it?

Unknown Speaker  19:52
And so

Matthias Miller  19:54
kind of got her feedback and.

Speaker 2  20:00
Because you know what Matthias remember, if you this is what I'm excited about. Number one, Ian is backing him on his own self into a corner. Okay, you're not pushing him. He's backing himself into his own corner. And the blessing is he's going to be shocked. God has a big surprise for him. Because you know what I love about God, Matthias. Do you remember the story of Gideon? Yeah. And he had all those men, and he just knew, Oh boy, we're ready for war. And God said, You got too many, yeah. And he gave him some specifics to look for in the chosen ones by God Matthias, see, there is a difference. There's a difference when man chooses, and there's a humongous difference when God chooses. And I guarantee you, because she's so pliable that when you when you extend questions like that to her, and she gives you her output, and then you tweak it, and you shape it, and you mode it, man, you're about to have a billion dollar blessing because of her humility. Matthias, he walks with the humble and he resists the proud period. Yeah, and I and this is what I share with Mindy. I said, Mindy, there are some things that God want to extract out of you. You've got all kinds of gifts. And I said, And God wants to extract them out of you. And I said, be willing. Don't hold back. This is what I told her. Yeah, I told her that today. I said, Let him have his way. And I'm telling you, Matthias, he's up to something. And one thing I love about God, he'll hide a treasure in the least likely was David, the least likely one to be chosen. Matthias, yep, for sure, he was in the back. They had forgot about him. He was out in the field. His family was so excited. Surely is this when the oil didn't pour? Surely is this when the oil didn't pour? And I know he started feeling a little uncomfortable, because God was like, I choose the king. You don't even, God chooses the leader. Yeah, yeah. And so you rest in that God is doing something in him, Matthias, but you shape and mold Mindy, because you have, you have a committed person who's who's, from her heart, excited and willing, the word of God says, when we're willing and obedient, we eat the good of the land. Matthias, well, yeah, you know, so eat the good of the land, not being willing and not being obedient.

Speaker 1  23:01
You Yeah, which is a challenge

Speaker 2  23:06
bucking, though, yeah, you bucking. It's one thing to buck, but you're doing it, and then it's another thing, a buck. I'm not doing okay, God said I don't want you to do it. Yeah? So he's got some doctor ready to prove some things to some people, Matthias, so So discern people closely. Shape and mold. Mold and shape the pliable one. He resists the proud Matthias, he walks with the humble. Yeah, and don't get caught up in that whirlwind of resistance. Yeah, God. He the Word of God, says, He winks at our ignorance. Matthias, you know, God, don't get into a chastle. And he said, do nothing with a fool. He said, Because if you get into an argument with the full people don't know which one is the fool, right? Yeah, don't get caught up. Don't get caught up.

Matthias Miller  24:14
I think one of the big challenges that I'm that you know with this again, like, you know, I've got your voice ringing in my head about Jesus needing to pull away, but when you put yourself in that, you have to get out and detox, yeah, and be like, God, did you really say? What did you say? What? What of that was just nonsense. Yeah, and blathering, yeah, where, where within that is the actual truth of where you're leading me,

Speaker 2  24:50
yeah, yeah. And guess what? Stay true. Stay true to the truth. Matthias. Yeah, Truth will outlive deception. Every time tricky, every time manipulation, every time the lies of the enemy, every time I'm telling Matthias, it was interesting. I was and like my my time is about three or four somewhere in there. And then I get up, and then God is talking and he's giving me instructions. And Matthias, I just had this amazing time of prayer with God, and it was so I have a good friend, and when she's in route to the daycare where she's the director, she'll call me and say, viz, let's pray. So I get a call from her about 715 and Matthias, she prays for me as if she was sitting right there praying with me when I was praying with God earlier. Wow. She brought out every bullet point. Matthias And I said, Girl, if you don't understand how accurate you are. I'm just going to throw you out the window. I said it was as if you was right here in prayer with me and see that's where God is. Matthias, when we are willing, yeah, everything aligns itself, yeah. And that's what you want. That's your goal. Who's willing? Yeah, that's your goal. Yes,

Matthias Miller  26:27
wow. So there's more to this. So all of these price points, like, Oh, Jesus, help me. Like, there have been different price points, different numbers, different like, different pieces, different different things. And

Speaker 2  26:50
how do you determine your price points, Matthias? Do you compare it to the market? How do you do that?

Matthias Miller  26:59
Well, I can tell you how we've done it,

Unknown Speaker  27:04
how we've done it in the past.

Matthias Miller  27:06
This is almost humorous. We got our pricing idea from our pricing model idea from Perry, okay, and then, and then on the initial engagement, and then it's based on time and materials in the second piece right now, which isn't right, needs to change. But first time we charge money for the first piece, we're gonna it's the kind of thing people normally do for free, and we're like, I told them we need to charge money. I said 1500 he said 1000 I said 1500 he said 1000 so we did it for 1000 and it was just, which is like, way too low, and well, especially we're right now, but

Unknown Speaker  27:48
so we like

Matthias Miller  27:53
the pricing model is broken right now. And the only answer that I have for you on, how do you choose how to price it is, honestly, at least on that front end offer is, honestly, I

Matthias Miller  28:18
don't really have a better answer than hearing from God on it. I think there's some, some better, maybe some better systems that he can or some better, I don't even know, systems like methodology or approach or something like that, that he can lead us to but,

Speaker 2  28:33
and so my question is, Matthias, who else in the industry can you communicate with? Or do you have someone in the industry that you could bounce that off of?

Matthias Miller  28:48
Is exactly what Robert asked me, except is more in the context of a software company versus like, more specifically towards an ERP. So who would be somebody who sells.

Matthias Miller  29:08
I know the guy that text,

Speaker 2  29:13
can you, how about, how about throwing a bone out? How about saying, is there, you know, because I'm telling you, Matthias, this thing is much simpler than we think. What circles or environments are you in where you can throw bone out and say, Hey, I'm structuring some pricing, and I want to, I want some feedback on it, and who, who's an expert in that area. I'm telling you, Matthias. It's that simple, and you will get an expert to say, Hey, this is what you do. You see what I'm saying, because they're already in that rhythm. What environment can you put that in? Matthias? You know, saying right now I'm restructuring some pricing, and I need. Need, I need some insight. You know, you put that out there, and you be specific about what the pricing is for, because here it is, people want to talk, people want to communicate. They want to engage. I'm telling you, Matthias, it's much simpler than you know, because I'll be honest, there are different experts in my life, and I don't even try to know. I think it's hard to say, Hey, this is what I'm doing. You know anybody that can help me? You see what I'm saying? Matthias, it's that simple. Yeah, reach out. You'll be shocked at what happens.

Speaker 1  30:42
You and

Speaker 2  30:46
literally, if somebody's in the industry in something similar, doing something similar, I would get on the phone and say, Hey, you don't know me, but I'm needing some assistance, and I don't know you, just looking at what you do and so the do you have, anybody that you can, you know, advise me on who I should talk to. I'm telling you, there's so many people that want to help right now, Matthias, so many people that are in situations they like, like, I was watching this advertisement of this doctor in California and some of the real high end people utilize them to keep them alive by giving them the skinny on health. And he said, you know, he said, My friend said to me, why are you giving this information out free? He said, Because Americans need to be healthy. He said, there are people that I've made so much money, he said, but right now, oh my God, my guys, I want to call that man and say, Thank you, you know. But that is so many people. Hearts are turning like that. And so yeah, so don't, don't lock yourself in and have the conversation. Yeah, yeah, you're not alone. It's so much shifting and changing going on in earth. If you reach out to be shocked, you might say, Hey, give me a call and say and they'll ask you, what are you doing? And then you tell them, you be prepared. You know you have your script of what you need to ask. And then if this person can't help, your name, refer you to somebody else. You go with that script. You see what I'm saying. You structure your script, and you stick with it, and you go out there. Yeah, this is what I need, because we can't get what we need if we don't know what we need, if I'm not clear, right?

Matthias Miller  32:54
Yeah, and I think, I think one of those, you know, one of the challenges,

Unknown Speaker  33:02
sorry, distracted here.

Matthias Miller  33:10
Jason, Kim's friend sent him a message earlier today, Jason, I want to circle up and connect everything's going what's happening? He sent back a message. How, what timing? Wish I could see the time when there's how what timing? Yeah, was gonna see if we could talk again. Sorry, that's unrelated. One of the challenges that kept my ADD squirrel brain going. So one of the challenges that I face being in part of these groups is like, literally, I don't know what question or, it seems to me, I don't know what questions to ask, but I think maybe the other question is I don't know how to extract the questions that I should be asking.

Speaker 2  33:56
Okay, so here's the thing. Matthias, what is it you need? Tell me. Tell me what you need.

Speaker 1  34:05
Well, what I need is that it any help with pricing, okay and help with knowing

Matthias Miller  34:15
how to dial in.

Unknown Speaker  34:21
What really is it? I mean, part of it is like,

Matthias Miller  34:29
All right, well, if we fix the pricing issue, then we can get rid of some of these other ideas about spinning up other offers, yeah, just irrelevant. So then if you fix your pricing issue, then the next question is, Who do you sell it to?

Unknown Speaker  34:48
Okay, but honestly, I think

Matthias Miller  34:57
the focus on construction is.

Speaker 2  35:01
How did that come about? Matthias? How did it become construction? Let's go to the beginning. The

Matthias Miller  35:10
beginning was because within our there's been two types of organizations that we've worked with. Number one, are business minded? Well, businesses with a nonprofit tax structure, okay, say it like that. Extremely rare, extremely rare, and not something worth going on. And in fact, that was a little bit of what got us going down the wrong path with with the nonprofit space, premature commitment to a market that wasn't, wasn't sustainable, or was, yeah, didn't have the backing. So then, then the other reason for construction is simply because within the,

Matthias Miller  36:08
you know, within some of the work that we've done, we've done a lot of work in the blue collar trades related space, and we did have one client reach out to us from a running a concrete plant, which actually that's more manufacturing than construction, also running a general contracting business, but that client fell through. But we've also had a number of other clients, so it's kind of like, well, here's this generalization of what we think. And so we were like, well, let's, let's, at least. I was like, we need, we need some pool to fish in. So let's, let's go after this pool and fish in it.

Unknown Speaker  37:02
So are

Unknown Speaker  37:05
local Matthias? No,

Unknown Speaker  37:08
none of them are okay.

Matthias Miller  37:14
So then the next question. So then further further by that, one of my one of one of the mentors I've been working with, kind of asked the question, are you willing to commit to this as a people group? And, well, I mean, I think that makes sense, although, you know, then here I am, like, I guess here's the catch 22 here's what I feel.

Unknown Speaker  37:40
I feel like,

Unknown Speaker  37:48
yeah, I don't know.

Speaker 2  37:50
No, say it. Matthias, don't back up. What is it? What is it you feel

Unknown Speaker  38:00
gotta get it out. I'm.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai