Unknown Speaker  00:00
What did you think?

Unknown Speaker  00:03
This is one of those scratch your head moments?

Speaker 1  00:10
Matthias, those are the only moments that I exist in. I don't exist. Matthias, this is a Million Dollar Baby.

Speaker 1  00:30
Remember when we talked about we don't know what the baby is going to be, but once you have it, like, Ah, this is a boy. Ah, this is a girl. Because a lot of parents don't want to know. And I'm one of those people, and I don't pretend to know, Matthias, I just let God lead me. But let me tell you how I met Robert. You got two minutes?

Matthias Miller  00:51
Yeah, I got like, 15 minutes before,

Speaker 1  00:55
okay, Matthias, this man is at this this last meeting Perry had. Okay, so he's there, and Holy Ghost is telling him, call Vivian. Call Vivian. Now this man hasn't seen me probably in a year or two, because they was at one of the true seminars. So he goes, let me read. I'm going to read this is really going to help you so you can clearly understand the power of God Matthias, I'm telling you, when he plants the seed, you ain't got to worry about it growing. You just got to carry the dog on feed. You know, that's insane. You just don't waste the seed. You know, a lot of people, they waste seed. I'm bringing Robert up now, okay, let me read to you the text he sent me. I could give you the date and everything. Let's see get there real quick, and then we could jump off the phone and we can get back on whenever you're available. This is on Thursday, October 29 Hey, Vivian. My name is Robert Nishan. I work with Terry, facilitating his three mastermind groups. Last time we met, you told me to look up cup there regarding my business relationship with Terry. I'm in town. I'm in Oak Brook for the next few days, and your name and face keep coming up. Would it be possible for you to meet, for me to meet with you in the next few days. I fly out of O'Hare Saturday. And number one, this is not a call of desperation, just answering a call of sorts. Please don't inconvenience yourself to accommodate. If there's a way to do this that doesn't break your stride and you feel inclined, let me know what dates, time, blah, blah, blah, Yeah, crazy. So I get this text me and Valerie were getting ready for for lunch. I mean, breakfast, right? It's 842 in the morning. God says, Call him now. I'm thinking, Oh brother, I'm not trying to go to over here. I'm not, you know, I'm just thinking all the stuff I'm not trying to do. Matthias, honestly, that's really how, yeah, and we just had this conversation, and God says, You need to meet with him. Did. And then he tells me, he says this, you know, in incidence like this, I'm a woman. Matthias, I don't remember him. So, you know, people are crazy. And so my my thing was, okay, I have to take one of my sisters with me and the Lord, because I am never to be in situations like there was this with somebody I don't know. Yeah, okay, so ended up Holy Ghost, you know, we have the conversation. He said, Well, if I can come your way, you know, maybe we can meet up. And midway, I said, Okay, well, what's your schedule? He said, Well, I leave out of O'Hare and Posey relocating to another hotel, actually, in O'Hare Airport, on the grounds of O'Hare. And I was like, Okay, well, if that's your last stop, I'll just meet you there, you know. And of course, with covid, you know, you don't know if people have a special room for meetings. But it didn't matter, because holy ghost had given me instruction, take one of your sisters. And I took one of my sisters, that if we needed to take somebody down, he was going down. Matthias, so I get there, I sit there, and I meet with this gentleman for two hours. Matthias with my sister, Beretta Moore, there. Out of that, it was so powerful. Matthias, God tells me at the end this, have him minister to you. Have him minister to rebels, because that's what I do to people a lot. This man nailed it. It just blew my mind. And I was like, Oh Lord, this was you from there we, Robert really sees into our lives. And then he began to say, Well, why don't we just get together on a phone call, the three of us and I just begin to walk you guys through this new place. It was crazy. I was like, Lauren, this the first time one of my clients end up really coaching me, like, where. I need to be coached, right? It was crazy. Matthias, so he has been coaching me since this time. Wow, every two weeks, and not about what I do, but about what I'm not doing I need to be doing. So this man is off the chain, but that's it, you know, I just needed you to know, and that's what his relationship came from as all of as of October 29 and what I told him when I saw him, was, you are Perry cup bear. And he looked at me like he had seen a ghost, like, What the heck are you talking about? And outside, you need to do the research, because it's not my responsibility. Matthias, when God told me to say something, I just say it. You gotta do the work. So that's it. That's all, okay, sir, yeah, and he is determined to change the world, and he's not asking anybody to give him permission to do it. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  06:11
Yeah. Wow. So

Speaker 1  06:15
okay, so like I said, God finishes before he starts. Because I had no idea you guys would ever but as you you know, like we're playing around with things, okay. What about Ian, Okay, what about you know and helicopter? What about you know? And guess what? If people are not the person, they are not the person, we can't make them the person right now. We can't, and we as much as we would love it's so many people in my life that I can't use in my life, Matthias, and I just keep it moving. It don't mean I don't love you. It don't mean that you're not who, who God has made you to be. You are not the ones to visit.

Matthias Miller  07:00
Yeah, yeah, yeah, okay, yeah, sounds good. I got it, I got a call. I got it, like a 30 minute call or something like that, and then I can, I'll call you back. Okay, all right, bye, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai