Unknown Speaker  00:00
Good morning. Viv here, good morning. How's your morning going? Going good. Okay, so we're working on project, and then I'll start the recording.

Matthias Miller  00:16
Cool. Sounds good?

Speaker 1  00:22
So, I have a wonderful gift of Valor not being here today. Oh, wow. Yeah, his mom had a migraine, and she decided to stay home. So hallelujah. God, right. Yep, you got yours on Saturday. I got mine today.

Speaker 1  00:53
Get them, Yep, yeah. So I'm sitting here and I'm just thinking, I'm super excited Matthias, because it's God, and He knows how to intersect all of us. You know, that's what I was thinking about. Yeah, I have a, I have a backdrop story to tell you about Robert and I. So when you get the time, whenever we talk again, I got to make sure, I tell you, it's amazing. Yeah, I'll be

Matthias Miller  01:29
I've got, I'm available again at 11.

Unknown Speaker  01:35
Okay, so, okay, that'll be excellent. How much time where we have,

Matthias Miller  01:42
we've, we've got plenty of time at that point.

Speaker 1  01:45
Okay, good Sam. I can really, really talk and and I could just share with you what God is saying, because he's moving. Matthias, Everybody I talked to, they're being shifted. Yeah, it's throughout the land.

Matthias Miller  02:07
Hey guy, call me. One of my friends called me early this morning, like, I'm working on this project, and I feel like God's leading me this way, and and so I was supposed to call you. I was like, so I just all I had to do was unload all the lessons I've been learning and get him moving

Speaker 1  02:29
along. I'm telling you. Matthias, these dots are connected for real. They really are. And it sounds amazing. I got a spontaneous phone call this morning too. And the first time it had to go to voicemail because you and I were on the line, and then I called her back, and same thing as she had a dream, and what God was saying to her, he was giving her backbone and covering Isn't that something? Wow. And she is an amazing woman. I say, Whoa, this lady. Need more backbone. She's the last one, but she's bold as a lion, super confident. She works in she's in Texas, and she works for the federal government. And I was like, Well, what got a backbone? What else does baby? But he's fluffing us all out and re distance and realigning us so it's crazy. Matthias, it really is, and we just have to hold on. You know, telling Hold on, don't you know, don't lose your grip. And somebody, he had me say yesterday, oh, I think I was when I was talking to the women, because they were talking about how everything is being shaken. And I say, Yeah, I don't know where I want to say was done, but it was about all of us being in the salt shaker, and once we get dumped out, we don't know where we're gonna be, yeah, yeah,

Matthias Miller  04:13
and some of us are screaming bloody murder the whole way out of the salt shaker.

Speaker 1  04:17
Yeah. Everything was No, no, I don't belong here. No, I don't know these people. No, you know. And so I've learned Matthias, because he's been shaking me, you know, all my life. It's like, just hold on, Viv. Just when he's done shaking, he said, everything that will remain shall remain. I'm going to send Robert a text to make sure, because that time frame thing, we could easily get confused, so I'm going to reach out to him via text. But yeah. Matthias, this is going on for real. I had I like, I'm non stop talking to people, but I'm very careful. On. You know who I'm talking to, because some people, they just exhaust you. It's fine. Oh, here's Robert having trouble connecting with the conference line. Okay, I'll just let me call him. Okay, let me go in and see what sounds is Going to add him to that call. Hold on one.

Speaker 1  06:05
I'm going to merge you in, okay, and then I'll start the recording, because I just I don't want to miss one thing you say, because your words are that valuable, okay? Matthias, ah, yeah, I can hear you. Okay. Well, gentlemen, let me start my recording real quick. The recording has started, and I'm super delighted and elated about the two of you. Number one, I just thank God for both of you. And Robert. This is Matthias. Matthias, this is Robert and and Robert. The first thing I really need you to do is share what you shared with me yesterday, when you were in your Renaissance time.

Speaker 2  07:00
Oh yeah, give me a second. I'll pull that up, okay,

Speaker 1  07:06
because I wanted Matthias to hear it, okay, because it knocked me off my feet. And he'll know why, and you'll know why. Once you guys have a conversation.

Speaker 2  07:15
Okay, all right, cool. So you want me to start from the very top, yeah, from the very okay, okay, so here it goes. Okay. This is going to sound absurd, but I want to change America's relationship with work and I want to change our relationship with death. I want both. Yes, I want both. In fact, not only do I want both, I want more than both. If I'm an aircraft carrier. Then I want to deploy lots of missions, lots of them. I want a team surrounding me, and I want to just rotate around in my chair as they surround me in a circle. Debrief, deliberate debate, deploy. Something about creativity belongs there as well. Yes, I want teams, lots of them, all working together seamlessly.

Unknown Speaker  08:02
Did you hear that? Matthias? I heard that. I heard that. And what? What are your thoughts about what he did share? So,

Matthias Miller  08:11
so, so one of the things that's been burning in my heart, I don't know how to how to keep this Okay, keep it super short, but one of the things that's been burning in my heart, partially because it's in my DNA, and partially because I've fallen victim to it is, is around the relationship to work, and how, how much work has become slavery and and how, and how, getting people set free from like people end up serving money and being put into positions, and course into positions to serve the bottom line, where, if you actually transform it, turn it upside down, and put people into the places where they naturally thrive and succeed and then feed. On top of that, there's an immediate, I mean, there's a profitability gain that's tied to that as well, and, and, yeah, I don't know. I mean, there's, there's more of this that's kind of been stirring in my heart as well. One of the things I heard over the weekend too, is is has been centered around building, building teams, and there's, again, I don't even know how much to get into, but like, there's, there's it, there's a piece of it, at least in a nutshell, Vivian might share more of more context, right there. Yeah.

Speaker 1  09:25
Here. Robert, Yeah, isn't that crazy?

Speaker 2  09:30
That's pretty crazy. Yeah, yeah. My my focus has been on a number of things. Number one the Gallup polls that they run on jobs worker satisfaction. Two thirds of all employees are disengaged or actively disengaged in the work that they do and spend how much of our time and our lives working and we're not happy with what we're doing now, I'm not in that category. I'm in the 1/3 I'm probably in the top of the third, of the 1/3 but I cannot fathom how people spend every day of their lives doing stuff they don't want to do. They're not good at that. They're not growing or thriving in they're just spending their lives dying. And it's interesting. Matthias, you also brought up about slavery. I was just reading articles this morning, an article in The New York Times about, oh, there's this pent up demand, and that if we could just get this once we get a working vaccination, that people are going to want to spend, Americans are going to spend again. And I'm thinking, the hell do we see that as progress? That's the problem. And then they said, Oh, and this recovery will be better, because consumer debt as a portion as a percentage of income is significantly lower than the last recession. And then I looked at the numbers just a few layers deep, and I said, Okay, let's assume they're correct. Consumer debt is now down around 8% versus 12. Well, let's do some math on that. Let's say average household income or median household income, and 60 grand. And then let's figure that the you know how much you're actually taking home is about 72% of that. And so what is that 4% amount to? It's 140 amount to it's $144 a month. Like difference. Does that make? And are we going to just take that surplus and then just forfeit it down the hole of consumption so then we can continue to remain in the shackles of the job we don't like in the path we're too far down that didn't make sense in the first place because we didn't have the understanding that we needed before we made these decisions. This is just accelerating insanity, as far as I can tell. So most of the work that I've done inside companies have been really just realigning and reorient Well, one does establish, establishing some sort of vision that makes any kind of coherent sense, number one, and then number two, who's aligned, who's not, who's the values fit, and are they doing what they're here to do, what they're really designed for, or did they just end up in This role by default or by having Sam's. And if I clean those things out and get people more satisfied with their work and playing in a zone where they can actually have a legitimate shot of hitting it on the park every single day, they won't, but at least having a chance of doing it, everything works better, and I don't have to focus on scarfing through expenses to see what we can cut in the budget so we can squeeze out another percentage of profitability. And I don't have to worry about so much about you know, how do I convince, coerce or cajole more consumers to purchase what it is we do all those things kind of fix themselves without me paying direct attention to them. So kind of what I've been doing over the last few years,

Matthias Miller  13:09
yeah, and my, my, my actual background is in software, and this has been everywhere I turn. I keep hearing people talking about me. This is, this is the thing that I'm doing that nobody pays me to do in my DNA. I suppose it sounds like you've you've really built that out to another level.

Speaker 2  13:34
Yeah, nobody brings me in for this purpose, but it ends up being the purpose that I serve, because it actually produces more results than what they thought was. I mean, it's typical consultant stuff. The problem is not the problem. I get inside, I look around, I'm like, Well, we're already not working on the right thing. Do we want to work on the right thing here? Or do you want me to just go through the motions and do what we said we thought we was important? And yeah, you're right. I have not figured out a way to articulate and I don't even think I want to. I really just, I don't think I want to sell it as a service. Also, you mentioned software, Agile and Scrum have just been become a squirrel cage to squeeze more productivity and multiply misery for the people that are doing the work. As far as I can tell, all these daily huddles, why does a conventional team that's not working on a specific project, but it's just part of a company, need to do a daily huddle? People don't like it, even if they pretend to say that they do, they don't appreciate it. It's demeaning. It's weird. It's treating people like they're in kindergarten. You know, boys in this line, girls in that line. There's no way to run a company of adults who can think for themselves and on their own without constant monitoring and oversight. It's crazy. What are we trying to build here? So anyway, I could go on and Matthias, I'm sure. You could as well. I'd be interested in hearing your observations as well. So Vivian, we're obviously thinking alike. What did you tell us more about what made you decide to set up this call? The reason

Speaker 1  15:11
I set up this call is because Matthias and I, we've been having conversations about him building his company and what his mission is and his end goal. So you were nowhere on the map, Robert, however, you're on my map. So as I was having conversations with Matthias, you know, I got off the Line and I was done, then Holy Ghost was like Matthias And Robert need to have a conversation, so I'm not wanting to again, just like yourselves force anything. But I was like, Okay, God, are you sure? And he was like, yeah. And so then when I called you, Robert, you know, I told Matthias. I said, it's somebody I really need you to talk to and I said, but I have to reach out and see if he's available. And so I reached down. He was like, there. Let me tell you what I heard. A really fun time. And it was like, this a bucket of water over my head of refreshing. Like, Okay, God, I need to connect these two. So that's why I'm connecting you. Is because of where Matthias is and his development and shaping and molding, of what He absolutely has been called to do, and because of your wisdom, your knowledge and your understanding. Robert, so I'm done. I'm out of it, you guys, I did what I was told my father, jump in, jump out. So I jumped in. You guys, have one another's phone number. You can communicate, even at this point, and say, Hey, let me look at my calendar. I need to have a conversation with you. You can do that now, because that's what I believe in. I don't believe in leaving strings out there. I'm a military woman. You cut the Irish pin and those are those little screens that are hanging off. So,

Speaker 2  17:13
yeah, I'm not in the practice of resisting when Vivian dog can do something. So here's things I don't have. I don't have access to her channel, but it's a good one. So I'm going to do this, I'm going to drop a link in the chat, in our little text chat, Matthias, and let's try to get something on the calendar here. I know it might be a weird year or might be a weird week, based on where you're located, if you're in the US or not, but got kind of a holiday shortened week here, but let's try to get something on the calendar and continue the conversation.

Matthias Miller  17:48
Cool. Sounds

Speaker 2  17:52
good? Robert Vivian, yeah, I can't wait to tell you how things end up. Yeah,

Speaker 1  17:58
and I already know they're going to end up well, because he finishes before he starts. We always have to remember that about Holy Ghost. He knows the end. We're just walking it out.

Unknown Speaker  18:12
Okay, all right. Thank you so much.

Speaker 1  18:14
Take care. Thank you. You guys have a great day. Yeah, you too. Bye, bye. Bye, bye, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai