Matthias Miller  00:00
How are you? I am well,

Unknown Speaker  00:04
that's good. What's good?

Matthias Miller  00:12
The new and the good is that we working on one of our client proposals, and we dramatically simplified the project. And I think save them probably saved us a bunch of headache. And save them probably about five to 10k in the build out. Well, I don't know if it's quite 10k 5k in the

Speaker 1  00:35
building, really. Now, what was this? Again? What's their name? This

Matthias Miller  00:40
is the, this is affordable Barnes. It's the, it's the year long, large project.

Unknown Speaker  00:46
Okay, okay, awesome.

Matthias Miller  00:50
So the one of the guys has had it, I mean, they they're not short of cash, but one of the guys had a small heart attack when he got the bill for the initial work that we've been doing, they they wanted us to do it on time and materials, but this is what they get for all the upfront work that we're doing. They're saving it later.

Speaker 1  01:14
Oh, that's awesome. Matthias, is he okay? Oh yeah, okay, oh yeah, yeah, wow, excellent.

Matthias Miller  01:27
I've been thinking about, go ahead. I'm listening. Been thinking about this morning, I need to drop him a line sometime, and just, I don't know,

Speaker 1  01:37
yeah, do that. Matthias, yeah, because that'll make a difference. Yeah, that's very personable. That would be excellent.

Matthias Miller  01:49
And then so my brain exploded after we talked last night. So

Speaker 1  01:56
how are you talking to me now with no brain, that's pretty challenging, a miracle.

Matthias Miller  02:02
It is a miracle.

Unknown Speaker  02:07
Miracle, you're a miracle. Matthias,

Matthias Miller  02:09
it's true. It's true. So I messaged this guy who does consulting for contractors, for small ones. And the last comment he made was, if you're doing ERP, you probably want bigger construction companies, or you want to, you want to do manufacturing. And I don't know if this is a direct I think we talked about this a little bit, but, but, yeah, very going back.

Speaker 1  02:43
Go ahead. No, we did. We talked about it. Yes, yes.

Matthias Miller  02:48
But then, like, since then, I don't know if I talked about this. It's just I can't remember if we did. It just kept kind of running through my brain. How many of our how many of the people interested in our software have been in some kind of manufacturing

Speaker 1  03:09
related space, interesting

Matthias Miller  03:12
and the places we've been like these, these affordable barns, it's shed manufacturing. One of the clients we're taking live this month, hopefully, is trust manufacturing, the meat processing guy has been kind of our star, star client, and that's in the food industry, but It's, that's the, that's, that's a manufacturing equivalent, okay, yeah, so, so there's that I've been anyway.

Speaker 1  03:47
Can I blow your brain a little further? Yeah, I have three CNC certification you

Matthias Miller  04:00
forgot to put that on Ian's

Speaker 1  04:01
list. I can show you my little samples of things I've made and oh, it's crazy, Matthias, I'll send you pictures once. Down leave. But isn't it crazy? Oh, my God. Why do you have me in this class I'm telling Matthias, God has jokes. I took CNC manufacturing training, yeah, for 18 months, and I got certified, three certification. Now ask me if I could get on anybody's machine. No, I cannot, but I did go through the training. Yeah, and that's crazy.

Matthias Miller  04:37
That is crazy. That is craziness. Um, yeah, and so now I'm seeing this thread. We've had people who consult with with. We had one company with. They had multiple employees. They do sigma sigma consulting for manufacturing companies. Yes, and they had multiple employees reach out to us, asking for our free article that we made available. So there's this resonance, seems like with the manufacturing space.

Matthias Miller  05:17
So there's that, okay, mess. Ian got back to me with a plan of outreach. Okay, so probably what I need to do is make a copy of it, and if we're going down the manufacturing route for a little bit, little bit, scrub it a little bit and change it up, yeah, but it'll be interesting to see what he put together. The I did some Okay, so, so Robert encouraged me to look at ask some questions about which industries are going to be most resilient to a downturn. And one of the guys that I reached out to that I think, is actually, I don't think he has, I don't think there's a lot of filtering that needs to be done on his answer pointed me in the direction of new commercial construction.

Unknown Speaker  06:22
Okay, so I

Matthias Miller  06:25
actually did some searches and found some people, and then it kind of gets stuck because, well, I got stuck just in picking up the phone to start the conversation, and I don't even know why.

Speaker 1  06:41
Okay, no problem. Your notebook. Is your notebook in front of you, and are you making notes? Matthias, or do you have notes?

Matthias Miller  06:56
Yeah, I do have notes. I've Yes, and I have my notebook here.

Unknown Speaker  07:00
Okay, good. I'm just checking. I'm

Matthias Miller  07:28
so now,

Matthias Miller  07:36
all right, here's, here's a thought, what if I put together very simple targets, targets, as in targets, not the right word, but one sheets, okay, people that that I want to connect with, okay, company, name, picture, phone number. Nice and and keep them in front of me. Have room to write some notes on and keep it on my desk, and keep a watchful eye and ear for when to call and I wonder if part of the

Unknown Speaker  08:20
issue

Matthias Miller  08:25
is the issue of timing.

Speaker 1  08:30
If that's not their problem, nope, has it? No, that's not a problem. You know? Why? Okay? Why timing? Tell me what you meant by timing so I can make sure I'm responding correctly.

Matthias Miller  08:42
So what I think is, like, I don't know if this is going on in my head, if this is just something in my head, or if it's not. And okay, I don't even know. But like, the thought is, the thought that goes through my mind is like, to reach out to these people, you have to reach them at the right time.

Speaker 1  09:00
No, that's not your problem. Whose hand is the heart of the king in whose hand

Matthias Miller  09:08
the king is it God's hands? Yeah, so even if

Speaker 1  09:13
don't know, that's the troubleshooter and the boss in you? Matthias, no, you're inviting them so you make the phone call, and if you don't get through, you just have a scheduled time that you keep making phone calls. Everybody is bugging everybody right now. Matthias, so this is the perfect time to bug people, because I'm telling you, when I watch videos, be it a sermon or worship. Somebody comes up, I go, I don't have time. I just want to hear my music, right? But then when it comes up again, I have time, and then I listen, and then I make notes. You see what I'm saying. You're in the busy you're in the acceleration of information era. And so you. Get out your head. Just get out your head. Get just, just see. It was a good thing when you said your brain had exploded, because then you don't have a brain, you'd be like, who needed a brain? The 10 man or who was a scarecrow? Yeah, yeah. We know you got a brain, but act like you don't.

Matthias Miller  10:25
Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  10:27
Timing is not your boss. Get out your head. Get up. We are in a pandemic. Who doesn't have time? Who doesn't have time? Matthias, everybody has. I Yes, yeah, everybody, everybody, the President, Vice President, he has time to catch coronavirus and spread it. And, you know, we all have time. Matthias, oh, you can put the, you can put the, do not enter sign on that. Don't even go there. Because when you think about these companies, get up and call them, it doesn't matter. And, you know, look at the the Greenwich means time like, is it Central Standard is a mountain. Is it, you know, real sensitive to that, because every time is the right time. How about that? Write that down somewhere, every time you pick up the phone is the right time, because what you're doing, you're reconditioning yourself

Matthias Miller  11:33
well. And like going back, going back to a, oh, here. I wanted to going back to a previous, previous conversation. Every time is Miller time.

Speaker 1  11:46
That's what's up, Miller time, when you pick up the phone say, Miller time, you know? Yeah, shit a couple of baskets and then make the call. Okay, have fun. And have your pen and plan for that company in front of you and make little notes. You know, document, when you call document, the date, the time, and then, you know, Holy Ghost say, go back. You know he, Holy Ghost got this you you're not running this. Holy Ghost is right, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh,

Speaker 1  12:35
because we're not responsible for people's responses, but we are responsible for making the first step,

Matthias Miller  12:42
and we are responsible for planting seeds, and that's all we all of this comes back to do the leaven of, not the kingdom, Yeah, of needing to take control and needing to

Speaker 1  13:01
and it's your normal rubber bands. They they go back to their normal size. So guess what? We're being stretched beyond Miller, yeah, and every sense of the word, Matthias. And I'm telling you, if there was any any time to try something, because everybody's out here just trying anything and everything, Matthias, we're in good company. Yeah, yeah. Because here's the thing, there's a lot of what what certain people don't need, but there's a lot of what certain people do need, and until they're exposed to it, they don't know it. So you got to keep that in mind, that they don't know they need you yet. So what would you package for that company for them to know they need you. You see what I'm saying. It's like trying to court a woman. When you courted your wife, you studied her, right? Yep, I hope, yeah. And then you, you do? You say I'm going for it. It don't matter if this is right or wrong. I'm going because I really want that's how it goes. Matthias, we don't the eyes, they're not always dotted, and the T's aren't always crossed. Oh, get out your head, because you don't have one. Those are your words. My mind,

Matthias Miller  14:17
I'm gonna let it rest. Are you?

Speaker 1  14:19
Yeah, I'm not going to let it rest. Brother, you're going to get in front of these companies, and you're going to have a conversation, and you're going to realize it wasn't as difficult as you thought. It was more you than them, because they don't know you. But make sure that first impression is solid. That's all. Just make sure going out the gate, you got it together and know what you're going to say, because that's most. That's the biggest part

Matthias Miller  14:48
that I'm not sure if I do know. Well, guess

Speaker 1  14:51
what, what you know you do know. It's not what you don't know, right? Yeah, and just dream. And let God help you dream. Get that company before God say, Lord, what could I do for them? And you start breaking it down and and then when you call you prophetically, got inside, they will say, Who are you and where'd you come from? Did you talk to President Bobo and JoJo and I'm in partnership with the Holy Ghost. It's really that much fun. Matthias, it really is. Let me give you. Can I give you a testimony? Because, you know, I always have one. Oh, yeah. Oh, I'm the girl of testimonies. Okay, I'm doing for my 60th you know, my post on Facebook, I'm doing a photo biography. So I'm thinking, Oh my God, I don't have my old pictures on my baby pictures. I've been reaching out to people. Matthias, oh, my pictures got burned in a fire. My Pictures, blah, blah. I'm like, Oh brother, I get up this morning. Holy Ghost says this, did you not do a legacy video for your 50th birthday, you know, from your mom. I was like, Oh, my God, yes, I did. He said, Well, reach out to the person that did the PowerPoint. I reached out. I said, Oh, redo. That was 10 years ago. But do you still have it? She goes and digs it out of the archives. Matthias, I have the most treasured photos of my nieces and nephews when they were children, and they're now parents, pictures of my mom that I didn't have pictures of me just and so, you know, I mean, I'm on, I'm in the third heaven. So nothing is impossible with God, he showed me that. Yes, she you sent her the pictures in an email. She had all these pictures still in that email. Matthias, yeah, yeah. Oh no, we don't. We don't have all the answers. We'll never have all day. Yep, so get in your river and slow Brother, don't back up, then you're gonna drown if you back up. Yeah, no, back stroking.

Matthias Miller  17:20
So the only preparation is to sit with God, with them, for them, yeah, yeah, and to hear and dream without the pressure of needing to come up with anything profound,

Speaker 1  17:39
yeah, yeah, yeah. Just flow. Just get the info. Matthias, and then he's gonna wake you up, and these people gonna say You're freaking me out because I was just having a conversation with the board. I'm just telling you what's about to happen. But you prep. You're prepping. You're in prep stage.

Unknown Speaker  17:58
Yeah, yeah. And that's okay. But before babies come, you had to sign a car seat, right?

Speaker 1  18:08
Yep, even though you went to how many Walmart because you needed it. Was it a girl? Yeah, we're talking to that Matthias and valor is awake, and I'm in the kitchen, and he's swinging between the dish, you know, my counter, there's a dishwasher, and my wooden table, and he's just doing all this his workout right here. So when you hear him, he's working, that's awesome. He is comical. That's why I do no business when he's awake, because he believes it's his time to entertain. And, you know, and that's a good that's a possibility of a thinking. If he doesn't succumb to Myers Georgia, I

Speaker 1  19:03
typical boy, right, yep, yep, yep, thanks for you. He's getting a trampoline for Christmas. Looking in my face, I don't know why. Anyway, almost

Speaker 1  19:27
Matthias, did you hear me? Yep, Oh, okay. And now he's looking down my throat, like, What did you say? And I'm not going to repeat it.

Speaker 1  19:42
He's not going to move myself, because, you know, she's got secrets, and I'm going to stick around and see what she's saying. This be, and that's what you want. You want God's secrets. Say, Lord, give me the Give me resolve it. Just, God, show me because he's waiting on. You. He's waiting on you. Yeah.

Speaker 1  20:18
So what's your real dilemma? If any trying

Matthias Miller  20:37
to break it down real, if any is maybe thinking that I have one I think, you know, peeling back some layers goes a little bit to what we were addressing Last week. Is,

Matthias Miller  20:59
is I, I sometimes get into, I sometimes get intimidated by the well put together presentation that other people put on the million dollar website, brand, the, I don't

Speaker 1  21:17
know. How did they get them the size? Where did they start? Did they start at the millions? Or that they start at the beginning like everybody else.

Matthias Miller  21:28
They started the beginning like everybody else.

Speaker 1  21:32
And and they took some risk, I'm sure. I'm sure they I'm sure. And so the beauty of growth is about risk. It's all about risk. And so the blessing with us, the sons of God and risk, is that God's got us and we know he has us. You know, it's not a mystery that we're His children and he loves us. Yeah, and so you're not alone. That's that's the biggie. The biggie is you're not alone, and don't, don't allow yourself to go to that place of being alone. And that's what it's about. You're not abandoned. You're not abandoned. And I'm saying that with all due respect, you just you're not abandoned. You're not Matthias. And anytime you feel abandoned like that's like you have that's like you have your declaration. Yeah, you gotta use you gotta use them anytime you go to that space of comparison. Now, you know, I have a song. You know I have, I'm going to sing you a song. It's by as a matter of fact, you can probably pull it up yourself. This song is by Jonathan McReynolds. I don't know if I've ever sent it to you, and it's called comparison. I need you to hear that that's your homework assignment, and it's gonna it's gonna shift you Matthias to a very good place. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, he says, he talks about that God only made one. And when we get into comparison, that's where a lot of hurt and pain is. It's powerful. Jonathan McReynolds,

Matthias Miller  23:41
comparison kills,

Speaker 1  23:43
I'm sorry. Comparison kills, yeah, comparison kills. That's the name of you're gonna love it, and I want you to listen to it, and then I want you to text me what you got out of it. Just something two, three bullet points, because that, that is a powerful song. And then after you do that one, valer, I need you to be quiet for one moment. After you do comparison kills, do cycles. And I don't know if I heard you. I don't know if I told you to listen. That's Jonathan McReynolds as well. Cycles. So start with comparison. Killed. It's gonna bless your soul, and that's the trash we've gotta dump. Yeah, you're a designer original. No way should be comparing yourself. Um, um, cool,

Speaker 1  24:45
yeah, and if it's just gonna you watch, the ideas that you have are awesome to Matthias, and so I'm putting valid facts on it. He is totally tickled, because, oh my goodness. This little boy. But anyway, yeah, that's what that is. And so everything you said Matthias about having those, the the one sheeter, keeping them on your desk, hearing from God, taking notes, and then you make the call. You hear from God. You take notes, make the call. It doesn't matter how many times you call too many times, yeah, and you have permission to make these calls from God the head on, yep. You

Unknown Speaker  25:45
Yep, oh, it's all good.

Unknown Speaker  25:55
Yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep,

Matthias Miller  26:05
is finding these before i

Unknown Speaker  26:09
How many companies do you have? So far,

Matthias Miller  26:14
I've got a whole search of companies I can go through. But I haven't. I just took a look at the first one and stop there to be honest.

Speaker 1  26:25
Okay, and that's okay, because you know what? Every step there's going to be growth. You know what? I laughed Matthias, I looked at the Facebook post when you talked about baby teasing, and he got up and he just wanted to play. Oh, my goodness, that was so beautiful. And I love what your mom say. You know, she it was fun, but the conversation about her seeing him, it was just beautiful. Matthias, it was really beautiful. It was just a treasure. Oh,

Speaker 1  27:09
yeah, so it's a process there. It's just the process you're in process, which is excellent. You're in process, we just walk it out. That's not a problem. Yeah, we're just walking out because, I mean, when once you listen to that song with that, you're gonna be like, Oh man, yeah. It's truly a prescription. It truly is a prescription

Unknown Speaker  27:42
for the comparison bug.

Matthias Miller  27:45
Comparison bug, yeah, and then

Speaker 1  27:47
that's, that's put that on the same level of Corona, okay, we don't want, yep, put it in the same category, saying that's a bug I do not want, yeah, guys, break some paradigm, and that's a good thing we get. We're making progress. And you know what? Matthias, oh, I had a question. Hold on one second. This is Alex Mon,

Unknown Speaker  28:36
um, what was the last thing I said? Matthias,

Matthias Miller  28:38
you had a question.

Speaker 1  28:41
Oh, my God, and my attention, ah,

Matthias Miller  28:47
we were talking about the bug Corona comparison.

Speaker 1  28:55
Oh, my goodness, it totally escaped me. That's very unusual. Oh well, it'll, it'll come back, and when it, when it comes back, I'll remember, but yeah, I was just right in the middle of the thought, wow, oh and oh when I mentioned, I think it was something about the songs. And I was saying, when you listen to them aside, it's just going to bless you, it's really going to bless you. It's really going to bless you beyond what we'll understand. And it's interesting because Jonathan McReynolds is very young. He's a professor at Columbia University here in Chicago. Yeah, it's going to bless you, but I want some season when you do Okay, cool. All right, so we're going to talk as we go. So it's well, you know what you got to do? Yep, I got it all right. Last thing, appreciate it. Thank you. You're welcome. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai