Speaker 1  00:00
Into my life, and so you've been designated by God Matthias to bear the heart of the Father. So it's not limited to children, and it's not limited to Christians. It's not limited to the workplace. It's everywhere you go, if we allow it, yeah, just like my my great nephew, valor. He looks at me. He sneezes on me twice a day. So you'll know Matthias. So whatever he has, I have it guaranteed he faithfully needs. And I'm training. I'm like Valerie, you gotta sneeze in the fold of your arm. So he'll, he'll sneeze on me, and then, you know, put his arm up, and I say, okay, you know he's learning, and he keeps, he's catching it every now and then. But I get sneezed on. I don't, I don't threaten him, because I understand if, if he's in my care, God is protecting me. You see what I'm saying. I don't go ballistic and screaming. I just again, and I smile. And he goes, I sorry, I'm sorry. And I say, It's okay, Valerie, just remember what I taught. See. I'm reminded of and so now it's more of a reflex to put his little arm up and try to sneeze in the bend of his arm, but he's approximate, and that's what we want and and it will become a reflex, and it's the same with your children. You're teaching them how to problem solve peacefully. You're teaching them how to be human, how to be sibling, how to care, how not to pitch a fit when it's not their way. Yeah, so those are huge. Do you know how many adults did you fit?

Matthias Miller  01:47
Oh, my goodness,

Speaker 1  01:50
it's ridiculous. And and so you're catching them early where they're tender. You know, I always rejoice in that. Matthias, I said, Okay, I'm getting him while he's young, and he doesn't. We don't know what a tantrum is, because when he's about to have one, I said, Valerie, talk to him. Talk to me. What is that he talks? And he's saying, believe it, daba, do you know? And I'm looking at him, I'm trying to discern what's he really saying. And, you know? And then finally, he'll go show me. He'll take me by the hand, he'll lead me to because not interpreting what's frustrating him, and that's all it takes. It's time. Matthias, we can't rush transition on anybody.

Matthias Miller  02:40
Yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  02:41
yeah. And so that's what your babies are teaching you. That's what your wife you every it was interesting this morning, Holy Spirit said this, everything you know you learn from home Matthias, I learned how to love from my mother. I learned how to forgive, I would be so angry. No, my mother would say, Well, do you want to be forgiven? Yes, my mom, you don't know what they did. And she said, Okay, tell me what they did, and it was never as humongous as it I thought it was. My mom says, Okay, so do you think they intended to hurt you like it. I don't know her, and so she allowed me to get through it. Matthias, she gave me time, yeah, and then I got better at and that's it. We're practicing. We're all practicing, yeah, yeah. I Yeah, yeah, and we allow each other to practice Matthias, because guess what, if you come at me as a hurricane, there's a reason why you're a hurricane. If you come you come at me as a raging fire. There's a reason. And the majority people, their biggest challenge with me is that I will not go there with them that frustrates them. You never get angry. Yes, I do, but I don't attack people when I get angry. I don't hurt the stuff that opens the door for me to give rationale. Matthias, yeah, because we we're trying to understand this, this whole world, this life, our existence, which we're trying to make good sense of it. And so when, when these little ones are in our care, our role is to do the dance with Sam Matthias, just like you did with your son. Yeah. You tried several different avenues. Okay, well, what are you? What are you willing to do? And what shocks them is what you were asking me for my opinion, which is unheard of for most children. You. Yeah, that's unheard of. That's rare. And it's funny, valor has a cousin. She's two, Aubrey, and I love to see them together, so now he's the mature one, and he's teaching her. He's four. She's two, Aubrey, don't do that, Aubrey, that's not nice. Now I see me in him with her, and we look for moment Matthias and acknowledge and that was awesome, how you helped your sister get through a tough time. That was awesome. How you helped your brother. That was awesome, how you forgave your brother, and I know you both are angry. We have to acknowledge Anger is an emotion. We just can't kill people. Yeah? We just can't see them. We can get angry, and we just can't be rude. Yeah, yeah, that's what you have in your hands, these beautiful little balls of clay, that Father God is downpouring in you. You're downpouring in them. He's down so every morning when you go before the father, he's equipping you to Father, whoever it is, Matthias, on whatever. Yeah, you're going straight to the sticky nobody's beating you over the head to make you go to the water and drink. You're just drinking and drinking from the never ending river. And then you can, you know, honey, okay, I'll do lunch. What we might have grilled cheese, or we might have cereal. We might even have cake, but we love it when that, you know, yeah, let it be. Let it be so Matthias, yeah, you're on you're on the roll, brother, you're rocking and rolling and the whistle the train is humming. You don't have all the tracks away, but that train is humming, yeah, yeah. And and celebrate all of that for sure, sure. Yeah. You can exhale, because when we get in the rhythm and the river of God, Matthias, we're on our way, because the river is going to take us where we need to go. That's true. When you get in the river, get in there, say, Oh, I'm so glad I'm in the center of the will of God. I'm glad that my times are in a chance. You know, you make some declarations over you, your household, your businesses, your partnerships, your communities. I mean, just rule, man, because that's what Jesus see. That's what he does. He rules, and he's not asking anyone's permission.

Unknown Speaker  08:12
Yeah, oh, what else you got cooking

Matthias Miller  08:21
Melvin, gave a word on on the call was pretty intense, but like on the call about that guy giving my business new Magnum wheels, and the business taking off in the next two, three months, and if it feels like the wall that Like the wheels are about to fly off to that I can trust, that the cop that the foundation is is sure, and they got that was just like, anyway, that was like, that was overwhelming. My I mean, it's what you're describing. Exactly the river is just like, like, the more that I yield, the more they get swept along, and the faster it goes. I mean, it just, I don't even some days, I mean, it's, it's easy and it's light, and yet it's just like, when I sit down and look at everything, I'm like, no words. I mean, just how I mean, I don't. I don't even have anyway, yeah, just that. What else is cooking? No

Matthias Miller  09:42
idea. I mean, we're, we were looking to, we're mostly looking to hire an executive assistant, and we had one one interview on Monday as somebody who looked through. Really, really good on paper, but isn't a good it's just, I don't think is a really good fit. We're having another interview tomorrow, somebody, somebody that, that my gut says, is going to be a much better fit, but we'll be what that develops. That's another big piece.

Speaker 1  10:29
And when are you looking to fill that spot? What's your time frame?

Matthias Miller  10:35
I mean, it's we're we would we take somebody as soon as we have them, but we're not looking to I don't want to rush it faster than than finding the right person, but as soon as we have somebody,

Speaker 1  10:50
yeah, that's good, that's good, that's good that you're not anxious. And they've got to be a fit Matthias, and you've got it's got to be something in you saying A Yes, something inside of you saying yes, yeah, something inside of you, because that's where the connection is, Yeah, and you have the grace to expand. So write that down. If you're writing you have the grace. You have God's enablement. Matthias, so don't shy away from God expanding you enlarging your territory. When it's God, it's so easy, Matthias, because he's right there, and we're willing, we're obedient, we're in partnership, we're co laboring. I I'm done with bearing burden. It's like, Lord, if it's not your burden, I have no business bearing it or CO laboring or getting instructions, because there's so many false burdens out here. And so when you are centered in Christ, you don't get out of there. You don't, you don't, you don't sacrifice that, because that's what everything evolves around, is our relationship with Him, our guidance from Him, our instruction from him, our our strength, our wisdom and and when we can function with God, we can function with anybody. However, they have to be a fit. Matthias, there are people that God will put in my path, that I can clearly see what they need, but they are a fit. Matthias, that's the difference, yeah, yeah, that person's got to be a fit. There may be some areas that you know are underdeveloped or are maturing, and that's okay. It's about a fit, yeah, something that doesn't stress, and if stress arise that that means you've got to pray and hear from God, and God always has the prescription for our ill,

Speaker 1  13:14
and so that makes her a great leader. Yeah, cuz humans got issues. Yep, issue? Yeah, issues are on the other side of where we live. I mean, no, the no issue world is on the other side. And God is really teaching me that. This morning, something happened that could have just drove me into the sea of offense, and I wasn't offended by one iota because of where I was. Matthias. And this person can be offensive, and is known to be and Holy Spirit was right there like no if this is an area of growth for that person. The intent was not to offend you. And if I get offended, Matthias, there's some dying that I have to do. Yeah, that's that's our umpire. Hey, you got to die to something, because why is that offending you? And I'm doing more of that, Matthias where I'm more open to, what do I need to die to? There's a book I want you to get emphasized. I have to get it on my back, if I may, watch the title, but it's by watchman me, when we when we get off our call, I'll snap a picture and text it to you. And I believe it's the breaking of the spirit. I believe is the title. If you want to google it now you can. And if it's a blue book that comes up, it's by watchman. Me and watchman, have you ever read any of. His writings.

Matthias Miller  15:01
I actually got his books a long time ago, but I never actually read them. I don't know if I still have them, but I'm yeah. Anyway,

Speaker 1  15:09
he was very popular. Yeah, he was very popular at one point, and I purchased so many of his writings, but I didn't read them, and they're sitting on my bookshelf. I was in a class, and this book, you know, like, I have groups of books from different experiences. And so I just ran across that, that stack of books, and I was like, okay, and I looked at that book, and that book was looking at me, and I looked at that book, it's like we were having some type of exchange Matthias. And so I said, Okay, I'm just going to open it up and just kind of see what's in here. And I promise you, Matthias, I experienced the part of it regarding dying, and it changed my life in a matter of an hour. Yeah, watchman knee. Did it pop up?

Matthias Miller  16:03
The breaking of the outer man and the release of the spirit? Okay?

Speaker 1  16:06
Is it a blue book? Because we've got several on that.

Matthias Miller  16:11
It's a blue book with kind of like rocks or something in the background.

Speaker 1  16:14
Yes. Does it look like a thin book? Does it look thin? Let me see, I think, I think that's it.

Matthias Miller  16:23
Matthias, 116 pages.

Speaker 1  16:28
Okay, that I think that's the book, and I'll snap a picture of it when we're done. But Matthias, that book, right there, man of God, I'm telling you, I said for not even 10 minutes with it, and what I read was like, oh my goodness, because he said, and I'll tell you the part that I read, he talked about, God will hunt us down, to kill us. Yeah, to kill whatever it is in our flesh that's going to hinder block or stop what he's doing. Matthias, I gotta put you on hold for one second. I apologize. Put your recording on pause. This is Valerie small, all Right, not a problem. Thanks. You.

Speaker 1  18:18
We're about to get a major storm. And so originally, it's her birthday. Today, we're going to meet at our mom but she's like, No, I think I need to get valor home. But yeah, it looks like we're about to get hit with something. So that's what her call was about. I apologize for that. Matthias not a problem, yeah, but that's a book. Check and see if you have it. And like, I like, okay, like I said, I'll snap a picture for you, and then you'll know for sure, because, because we're we're more profitable, and God can utilize us better when we're dead. And you know that Matthias, however, the way watchman needs, shares it, and he really talks about Holy Spirit, and how there are many things we have that develop us, but the main developer is Holy Ghost, and that that just hit me in my gut. We know that Matthias, yeah, we know that. But yielding to it like we've never yielded before, yeah? Yielding it to it in a whole nother way?

Matthias Miller  19:38
Yeah, wow. Whole

Speaker 1  19:40
nother level, whole nother level. And I don't like using that word level, but that's the word I'll use today, because it changed me. Matthias, I say, Oh my goodness. So that means Holy Spirit has huge plans for the kingdom in this hour. Matthias. And we're kingdom's business.

Speaker 1  20:08
Wow, yeah, so, so that's, that's the new way. There's a new way Matthias, and we've got to do it that way. It's

Matthias Miller  20:19
something that I've been thinking a lot about lately is, is this whole thing of flesh versus spirit and and juxtaposition, and the whole idea that you can't, you can't grow the fruit of the Spirit by the by the works of the flesh and by the fruit of the flesh. So you plant in the flesh. And I'm seeing this, it's like in our church, like, so we have a private church school, and we're seeing all of these attitude issues with our kids and just bullying and other kinds of behaviors and and I'm sitting here, I'm like, why are we surprised? Because we've made decisions as a church body to limit the work of the Spirit. And so, yeah, we are moving in the flesh, and now we're reaping these rewards over here.

Speaker 1  21:08
Oh my, that fruit is real, Matthias, but the truth of the flesh is real. It's real. Yeah, yes. And so you, you go there and and let Holy Spirit show you, because I'm telling you, as I when, when I, when I read that, that he's after us to kill us, and it's really to kill the flesh so the spirit can rule and reign. I was so blessed. I'm saying, Yes, Lord, kill me. The more kill me, the more. And it's not a mistake. We're having this conversation. It's not a mistake. Book spoke to me, and because that is the mandate right now, that's the mandate. Flesh is dead and it need to die, yeah, no good thing, no. Good thing, die, yeah, yeah, no thing, no, not even our best thing, yeah, yeah, yeah. So that's when my heart is Oh yeah. Well you oh man, you're so on point you don't even understand Matthias all, all of that liberty and that freedom and love that you're experiencing, you're experiencing in your household, it's because you're walking into this

Matthias Miller  22:39
100% 100%

Speaker 1  22:42
totally. Wow. You already there. I gotta put this,

Matthias Miller  22:50
yeah, I mean, it's so and I never tied those two together, but it's like, it's why it's so simple. Because we were talking last week about just planting seeds, and even with the domain name, I mean, so part of the challenge with the well, and there was something else too, but, like, like, just saying yes, it was with the job listing we're talking last time, just plant the seed and trust that the seed is going to grow and and the seed is Kingdom. The seed is Holy Spirit. The seed is obedient, yeah, and it brings and it yields the fruit of righteousness, which is this peace, which is the tree under which other people find rest and shape. And so as I'm in my house, planting the kingdom in my life, like I am planting seeds, and it's just and uprooting the flesh, and it's just natural that you have that peaceful atmosphere entering into your home.

Speaker 1  23:45
Yeah, that's the plan. That's the plan, brother. There is no other plan. Matthias, there is no other plan. And that's what the killing of the flesh is not like there. There is no B, C, D, this is the plan, and I'm celebrating it, Matthias, because it is yielding the peaceable fruit of righteousness. No good thing is it gone with hope. I'm telling you, Matthias, I'm seeing so many miracles in a practical way, that it's like, Lord, You are the God of miracles, yeah, 100% 100 100 you are the God of now, I co labor with you. You're not co laboring with me, yeah, yeah. That's that's the format. That's the format. So when we taste and see that the Lord really is good, we need to keep tasting and say, God, what do you think about this? What's your plan for that? What a relaxed posture when I can go to my. Dad. And say, Dad, what are we doing for my birthday this year? And then he says to me, I'm talking about my heavenly father. And he said, This is what you're going to do. I'm telling you, Matthias, this is my 60th coming up in December. And so I was like, you know, I'm thinking, thinking, thinking, I just, the fact is, I was born in 1960 and this is my 60th how glory. That's cool. How glorious that is. So cool. So, you know? And God was like, yeah, just be with your family, whatever you do. So prepping to do a family portrait where, you know, it's nine of us when it's eight of us remaining. And so I'm putting the word out for everybody. I want them, their children and their children's children in this portrait, that's my desire for my 16th birthday, that I capture our lineage, our living room. Oh, yeah, and it's, we're an army Matthias, and when we do it, I will make sure that you see how wonderful and marvelous and amazing and ridiculously huge this family is. And so God said, Isn't that a wonderful 60 the birthday present. And I said, Oh, it's the best. You know, I have a brother, he just made 71 on yesterday, and I have a niece who just made 28 on yesterday. We had 20 something birthdays in the month of September in our family. That's how huge we one month. And so God was like Vivian, capture this, you know, embrace this and ride this and and so we're setting precedence for our first we haven't had a family reunion in 10 years. And so my niece the mic please, until we I'm like, Yes, you know, and we're just ignoring covid, and we're planning, and whenever you know, covid releases us, we're going to have everything prepared and ready to roll, and people are more desiring of it because we can't do it. Isn't that normal human behavior? Yeah, the more we can't do it, the more we want to do it. Yeah, yeah. So God, he always has a plan. Matthias, always and you're right in the middle of it. Kill that flesh. Let that baby die. Let that baby die. And say, Nope, that's the flesh. I mean, as quick as you discern if the flesh, nope, that's the flesh. Father, what's your heart? What's your desire in the matter? Give me your words. Yeah, show me how. Lead me. Got me. He loves that. Yeah. Stay on track. You.

Speaker 1  28:23
Hmm, yeah, it's that simple, because Matthias, all I'm doing now is standing in agreement with you. That's all I'm doing. You're on the path. You've chosen the path, and I'm in agreement, and that's all God is looking for, is for us to agree with him and for us to agree with one another. Yeah, that's the whole point of our lives. Who's on the Lord's side, and you're grooming and shaping and molding your family, grooming and shaping and molding your business, grooming and shaping and molding your world to be on God's side, and you'll always win Matthias when everybody around you is losing that's the key, yeah. Well, yeah, and then we just walk it out, you know? We just show up, we just be accounted for. We do the will of God. That's what we do in the matter Matthias, we do the will of God. That's it, that that counts us as fun, yeah, with the will of God and. Is no competition in it. There's no who gets there first. It's looking at Matthias and looking at your wife and looking at your children and saying they're doing the will of God,

Speaker 1  30:19
yeah, and you're going to lead other men. It's like, no Viv, don't add anything. No, no. God is into increase. He's into multiplication. He's into replication. Once the prototype is there, let's make 5000 Wow. Wow, wow.

Matthias Miller  30:48
I feel like I'm in this place where time is slowed down

Unknown Speaker  30:53
to like everything's

Matthias Miller  30:55
moving moving so slow, and at the exact same time, I'm moving faster than I've ever moved in my life, and I can't keep up with how fast I need to go. That's a

Unknown Speaker  31:07
phenomenon, man, that's it.

Speaker 1  31:20
That's it. And you don't, you don't sacrifice that. You don't sacrifice. And God says it, and I'm reiterating, you don't sacrifice your family, you don't sacrifice your peace, you don't sacrifice your marriage, no, you don't. You don't have to. You don't have to. You know, you don't have to. And that will be the example that people see Matthias, and they will see the increase of God on your life because you chose to follow him. Not church, yeah, yeah, not Abraham. He was the most he had so many gods, it didn't make sense. His family were just heathens. Yeah, and so he had to come away, so God could shave all of those experiences off of him to develop him. And so things get shaved off us, Matthias, because we are the image and the likeness of God, not man.

Speaker 1  32:39
And so that's exactly how it goes. Jesus would rest. He's like, No, I'm not going. I need to rest. You all go, go ahead of me. Then when it got there, they had to wait on them anyway, because then they got themselves into situations, you know, those who claim I'm getting there first, I'm getting there first, then they gotta sit down and wait, because God was like, You got there before me.

Matthias Miller  33:04
Yeah, okay,

Speaker 1  33:07
so you should have just went somewhere and rested too, and just say, okay, when are we packing up and moving again? It's just like the cloud by the cloud by day and the fire by night. Okay, go out there on your own and see what kills you. Is he moving? You know? Are you moving with him? Because that's the question Matthias always and just like your children when they think they want to run ahead of dad and something crazy happens and you say, Okay, I asked you to wait, didn't I? No different Matthias, no different, no different, no different, Same pattern, same pattern. Wow.

Unknown Speaker  34:12
What are your thoughts? You

Matthias Miller  34:24
uh, I mean, it's, it's one more layer off of this whole thing of rushing, and it's, there's, so there's even layers to that. And my dad used to tell the story of growing up on on the farm, my grandpa was a very driven man, but was never able to make anything work financially. And like he'd give my dad a field, and my dad would work the field, and he'd start his car. Start doing well, and then grandpa would take it back and give dad a different field to farm, like really messed up. My dad would tell stories of running from the house to the to the barn or the shed, just because they couldn't spare those few minutes to walk. And even though a lot of that stuff has been unraveled and like there's still that little feels like there's another layer being unraveled of that need to run from the

Unknown Speaker  35:33
from the house to the

Matthias Miller  35:37
I know what else here, but God's on it, but from the house to the house, to the shed, to the barn, the it's like, no, it's, it's like, it's, it's, it's, it's like, this little edge of unbelief that if I don't rush it, and if I don't hurry, then it's gonna fall through and it's not gonna

Speaker 1  35:56
happen. That's a lie from the pit of hell. It is lie. Matthias, and the sad part, we inherit stuff, and God just does it. He's like no Vivian. That's not the truth, that's not the truth. And I love it, because Matthias, he's after every lie that exists in us. He's after every lie as Satan is the father of lies. He's the father of truth. Matthias, and you know, when we embrace, you know, know your family is not going to fall apart, no things you know, it's like, that's not even the will of God. It's like, what they find you. I denounce you. You have no place in our house, in our lives, in our family, and it's about, you're a different type of fighter, and that's how God designed to because he has to undo. He has to undo. He's into the business of undoing like no there will be no mixture, no mixture, and, and, and, unfortunately we, we succumb to mixture like, but, but do you don't notice God? You don't know how great He is inside. But wait, God is greater. So if God is saying no, if he's saying not now, then it's no and not now. Yeah, I had to give one of my spiritual daughters an instruction, and her instruction was, close your mouth. You are not leading, and you are not to help your husband lead, because her mom did it. Her grandmother did. I said, No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Close your mouth. Bite your tongue, bite your lip when you want to say something. And I'm telling you, God works such an amazing miracle in her husband and in her in a matter of three days. Matthias, and it's like, Yes, Lord, because you do know we don't know. We are really clueless. We really are Matthias, unless God gives us a clue. Yeah, and you own that, and you don't allow anybody to nudge you in any other direction, because you're in the river, brother with all the life jackets you need. You

Speaker 1  38:44
and let God take you wherever he desires to take you, Matthias, wherever he desires to take your marriage, your children, your children's children. Just be afar off, Matthias, and say, Lord, Your laying foundation, because I'm telling you now, when I looked at you, I didn't see it just a military man I saw I saw an officer. I saw the workings of a leader. And God won't let me forget that that evil. I mean, that was such an amazing truth, and I got blessed more than the people did, but I feel bad in the power of God. That's enough for me for the whole decade. I'm telling you, that's that's how potent it is when it's God, yeah, it carries us. It carries it carries us the younger we could ever imagine or understand from his grace. It's like God, you really love us. Because I kept seeing kings and. Kept seeing crowns. I kept seeing dominion. I was just so blessed. I think this is Valerie's mom, and she's here to get him. Hold on one moment, please. Matthias, sure, sure you.

Speaker 1  40:32
Thank you, Matthias, yeah, she's about 10 minutes away from her. Get his shoes on and get his little truck together while we're finishing our call. But yeah, Matthias, you in there, brother. And guess what? He told me to put the double barrel down. Wow. He said, put it down there. You know how Andy get your gun. She blow the smoke off the barrel I blew and I put it down. I put it down, put it back in the corner. Matthias, that's awesome. Yeah, yeah, you're in there. That's what it what I'm hearing. You're in there and don't, don't change who you are and what you see, Matthias,

Unknown Speaker  41:21
don't do don't do it well, roll and ride with it with no feet, because your father's right there in that boat with you. Matthias, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  41:45
Know. So what are your thoughts? You're on track. What do you thought?

Matthias Miller  41:59
Yeah, like, so there's one thing that keeps kind of coming back to me. I back to me. Perry just opened up his roundtable membership. And my my business isn't at the point where, where I really qualify for that. There was something that was about that and and the time commitment away from family is a big deal with where my my family's at right now. Like there's all of these things that this doesn't make sense, and it's not even a place I could go right now. But there was something that was there that was pulling

Unknown Speaker  42:32
on my heart, okay? And

Matthias Miller  42:35
in time,

Speaker 1  42:42
big God will plant that seed, Matthias, and then you'll know the timing of God. You it's like, whoa, you know, because his timing is so perfect. Matthias, just like and I want you to keep me in prayer. I'm preparing to go to Africa, to the continent next year. And, and so, you know, God is just doing so much in my heart. I'm going with a delegate. And these are all heirs of kings and leaders and and, you know, I didn't say, why are you sending me? I know exactly why he's putting the rule and reign. Let's do this, you know. And so there's so much I want to share with you about that Matthias, but it's interesting. I would say, for probably four decades, God has been dealing with me about Africa four Wow, yeah, four decades and, and I never, you know, overstepped anything. And I would have these wonderful encounters with different Africans, and people would walk up to me, Matthias and say, Are you from here, from there, or whatever? And it would be repetitive, the same country, the same nations, and I was just left and I say, Wow. You know, I was never intrigued enough to say, Hey, let me try to get over there. No, I'm not one to force any envelope. I'm just not I've learned Matthias and so powerful and beautiful. My ticket is already paid for. I'll get my passport probably within the next two weeks. And so it's just exciting, but no pressure from there, None. Zero pressure. No pressure, financial, no pressure. Emotionally, emotionally, physically. You know, I'm working on strengthening. I'm getting stronger my right side, and it's all God, and so I'm in the perfect will of God, you know. But four decades, four decades, and that's what you gotta know, your seed is already there. Of. Available, waiting on you, and you're you're going to be ready, and everything will be in divine order. Yeah, no, no pressure. That's what you tell yourself. No pressure, because you're laying a foundation that has to be laid. Matthias on so many levels, brothers, yeah, don't play with that. No.

Speaker 1  45:36
Valer loves movie scores, so he's looking at something and the music is so powerful. So it's not even about what he sees. It's the music. Yeah, we gotta study our children, besides to support them and encourage them. That's a that's a real, real responsibility.

Speaker 1  46:02
Yeah? So what are your last and final thoughts on this call?

Matthias Miller  46:16
I mean my last and final thought even on this I mean this is all so good, and and the last and final thought with that last comment is one of our daughters that we she came to us when she was two. I think that's probably that one thing of like yet another mystery to unpack. And I think one takeaway with all of this, as well as just being more intentional of, yeah, sitting with God with her, on her behalf,

Speaker 1  46:49
yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. What's up? What's up, what's up? So I'm excited for you and Bonita and the children. I'm excited, and I'm gonna just, you know, again, text me if there's anything I need to pray about. You know, agree with you on, yeah, specifics, any specifics? Cool, sounds good. Just send me some bullet points, and it's all good, and rock steady is what I'm hearing. Okay, I love you. Bless you guys. Stay focused, stay intentional and stay happy.

Matthias Miller  47:45
All right, for your plan,

Speaker 1  47:49
okay, that's a plane that's playing. Let me when the next time we're going to talk. Okay, all right, sounds good. Okay. Blessing you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai