Speaker 1  00:07
Are you there? Yes, must I think the right line? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  00:11
it is. And the other one was right too. It was just taking my phone. Was just slow and catching up that. Anyway, it was just slow and catching up, and I couldn't, oh, so, um, all right, so good news is I did a post last night on my Facebook profile and got, I think, about nine comments of people wanting the article,

Speaker 1  00:39
really. So that's good news, okay.

Matthias Miller  00:47
And have not responded. Been torn between all all kinds of things, but responded to the three people who raised their hands yesterday asking for their email address, or what the best email address is to send it over and spend some time getting those, getting two old reports that I offered reformatted to get them out, To to those, to those three people, and spent close to an, I don't know, 3045, minutes, maybe, maybe an hour writing out kind of an SOP for Heidi to

Unknown Speaker  01:33
do outreach

Matthias Miller  01:37
on those and I think, I think I mentioned this yesterday. I got things in motion with Mindy for the for the meat processing stuff, and found some new avenues for had some some new ideas, new new, new steps for more things I can do more, more, more avenues to find people. So that's kind of where things are at.

Unknown Speaker  02:15
So how do you feel about all of this good stuff happening?

Matthias Miller  02:20
Feel good, feel exhausted, but I feel I feel good. I think it's there's one thing that's one thing that's one thing that's really good with this is that that even though I don't naturally like sitting down and making SOPs isn't my favorite thing in the world. I think I'm still pretty good at it, because I can predict what people want to know or need to know. But it also demonstrates where and I'm not, I'm not saying I'm going to be doing this indefinitely, but it also demonstrates, just as an example that if I need you, I can do this. I'm not reliant on as an example, not reliant on and need to put together some kind of plan of how exactly this thing gets executed, etc,

Speaker 1  03:15
exactly so. And that's critical science, because that that's less headache, Yeah, cuz you're not, you're not, you're not in the business of creating chaos, you know, or confusion. And one thing too, I'm thinking about Matthias. You're an up and up person. You're not. You're not a cover up. That's the word. You're not a cover up. And I always think about and it's nothing against anybody, but everybody is developmentally somewhere that the best, the best way to know somebody either doesn't know something or doesn't have an experience with it, is that they, it seems it, they seem to bring chaos. Because when I know something like I keep my mouth closed, because it could be 12 of us that know something. But if you're an expert, I'm listening to you. I could be a 10 times better expert. But because I'm an expert, I listen, yeah, because that comes with maturity, I don't get to be expert without maturity. I mean, all it goes to just dropping this in my spirit and so for your own sake. And this is me when God puts a magnifying glass, and you know, he's not into ridiculing anybody or degrading anybody, or any of that, or undercutting anybody, but he's a God of truth, and oftentimes, he'll give us the truth Matthias. And you think, no, God, I don't want to see that right now. Have you ever done. In that, yeah, yeah, this is not the time for me to Oh, like, that's not good. Yet. Truth is always on schedule. Matthias, yeah, yeah. We gotta get our mindset there, because the truth will just shock you and slap you in the face. It'll shock you to the degree of, oh my god, what should I do? Well, it doesn't mean you necessarily do anything, but it does prepare you for the fact that you know who this person is and how they function. Yeah, we're not on a witch hunt. However, the word of God tells us to know them that labor amongst us. Yeah, and so there are certain people I love to pieces that I will not put on my team. It has nothing to do with love and everything to do with expertise and and qualifications and capacity. You see where I'm going, Yeah, I do. And in business, just like, when you can build something, you can unbuild it, yeah, that's what you do with with software, right? You go in and do it. You take that piece. Don't say, Hey, we got another idea. Now I'm gonna speak like as if I know, but if I knew, and I don't know how to how to prepare software, but if it has anything to do with codes, I'll just go in and say, well, we need to take this out and do that. That's that simple. And the bottom line is, you're trying to get this thing to function. You're not angry or disgusted with the person who initiated it, like I may know a little more. I may have more insight I have. I may have favor with God where I absolutely don't know either. And then I have a dream, and I go and I say, let me try some. Oh, my God, it works, because God gave it to me. Yeah. And so Matthias, when you say, I'm not giving this to Ian, you don't give it to him. Yeah, the Holy Ghost is saying, Don't give it to Ian. You see what I'm saying? Yeah, it's not you. Matthias, you have a goal. You have the favor of God. You're picking up momentum. Why is this like the tortoise and the hare. Okay, yeah, the tortoise, he can only go at his pace, and the hare is running circles around him. But I tell you this, when God wants somebody to shoot that rabbit, the tortoise don't have to worry about him anymore. He gets go as well as he yeah, see what I'm saying, He will remove elements that hinder Matthias, and I want you to look and discern, and no elements that hinder as well as you know, elements that produce, because they both exist. Yeah, and I Okay, I'm 60 now, right? I don't have to say I'm almost 60. I am 60, full blown 60, and this is what I've learned. It is what it is. If that's what you're showing me, this is what it is. I'm not going to fix it, I'm not going to paint it. I'm not this is what this is, and the question is, how much of certain things do you even want to deal with, and what do you have time to deal with? And what I mean by that? I There are some people I could call and they'll get it done, and they only maybe need one sentence from me. Then there are those that I have to call to some things, and it could take me three weeks for them to understand what I'm saying and what I do. Matthias, I ask them to repeat to me, like, tell me what you think I'm saying. And it's so off. And I'm thinking, Did you get that out of that? Yes, God is revealing to me. Vivian, this is who you're dealing with so you can't get frustrated. But there are limited things that you can have this person participate in because of how they process, right, right,

Matthias Miller  09:14
and because of and because of being and because of the way and rate at which I process things, I need to be the people closest to me have to have the capacity to do that as well.

Speaker 1  09:28
Come on now you There you go. That's exactly what I'm saying. Yeah, yeah. Okay, here's your pattern. What was the largest numbers? That number that they mentioned in the Bible of Jesus's disciples, they gave us three different numbers.

Matthias Miller  09:49
So he had the three closest. Well, the largest was 7012 and then he had the three,

Speaker 1  09:55
and then he had the one right, and then the point. Yeah, 12, three, one. You need to write that down somewhere, yeah? So remind yourself that you have layers of people around you, and everybody doesn't have, and I'm going to use military terms, everybody doesn't have the same clearance. Yeah, that's very true. It's good. That's a good. That's a good, that's good. I love it, and that's how you to build from this day forward. Matthias, he's getting you ready for 2021, baby. And can I tell you a secret? Ian is not gonna like you. He's not gonna like you whenever. I'll never forget who was that that said the thing I feared the most was come upon me, who said that? Yeah, it was Joe. So Matthias, do you know that I will sabotage you if I'm insecure around you, if I'm envious, if I'm jealous, if I'm in competition, do you know I will sabotage you? I'm I'm just using, Yeah, hello world. Matthias, yeah. I've had to live it, where this person, for whatever reason, curling up on me, getting close and, you know? And I'm using these analogies like a kitten to shut me down, yeah, not to help me build, but to make sure everything I build fails. Yeah, I'm not saying wow, wow, wow, wow. Wow, wow.

Matthias Miller  11:42
I mean, there's so many pieces to that, but oh yeah, it's shockingly odd how many airtight plans have been developed from certain members of the team that have brought zero fruit zero. And it's also, I've, you know, you're also highlighting something that, you know, I mean, I'm looking at at what I'm looking at the level that I want to play at, and I don't, I don't trust him to close at that level,

Speaker 1  12:12
and you cannot, and you better not, yeah, and I tell you, finish what they're saying, and I'm going to tell you my own No, I was just, I

Matthias Miller  12:23
was just going to say with that too, it was like, I mean, part of, part of my plan, has been one of the things in the back of my mind, and this hasn't come back to me in a while, because, just because it's not where we're at, but planning to bring some other advice, some other sales guys in To light the fire and set a standard for him, because he doesn't have a standard right now, and he, and he's, he's comfortable, he's atrophied.

Speaker 1  12:50
Yes, you're absolutely right. You all of those. Those are all the right attitude. And here's the sad part, Matthias, I'll never forget, I took, I had an assignment to go to the state of Washington to minister there. And I was like, Oh Lord, I need a team, right? And Matthias was like, Ah ha, because she didn't give me the pastor's wife, she didn't give me enough specifics of what her intentions were. And so all of a sudden, the week before, now, months, months, I'm on schedule to go the week before, she says, Oh, by the way, if I've been meaning to have this conversation, and it was ridiculous, Matthias, because this lady, I needed a full blown team to do what she needed me to do. And I was just floored. And I'm thinking, why would you wait? Because I wasn't supposed to succeed. Do you understand me. Do you know people will serve you to to shut you down? Judas did it, and it's a spirit. Matthias, it's a spirit. And no, we love that person, but that demon has to be shut down. Yeah. And how we shut Satan down if we don't give him any information to shut us down? Yeah. And so I get there, Matthias, so I picked this on. And you know, the two that were available to go, I was like, oh, Lord, this is crazy. So it was driving me nuts. I was so angry with this woman, and God said, then you're not going to be able to serve these people frustrated. And I was just like, you know, going through my thing, so I get to end. And the Lord kept telling me. He said, Viv, just praise me. Just praise me. Just praise me. Through it. But what he was doing, besides, he was revealing this woman to me. So I had to that had to happen, yeah, otherwise I would have never known she was that way. Yeah, yeah. And so in that, and, oh, my God, it was an uphill climb, because what would come out of her mouth were not her actions. And I can listen to faith and say, You liar, you like you know, in my spirit, I'm screaming, Liar, liar. And but yet I had to go through that to discern a liar. Matthias, yeah, it all works. And so I could smell a liar, yeah, and that's what God he's training you. He's developing you because you will go those places and those types that he's showing he don't show us stuff to play with us. Yeah? He shows us things to show us what is preparing us for. Matthias us, not the company you. Yeah, because where there's no you, there's no cold house. Yeah, yeah, I'm tiny Matthias, but I this lady invited me back to her to their church, but women's gatherings, I got three times Matthias, but I was ready for her. And I got keener and keener and wiser and wiser, and she stopped inviting me, because it was like, when I show up, the truth shows up,

Matthias Miller  16:49
and then at some point it can't be can't be tolerated.

Speaker 1  16:52
No, no, because God has a limitation, and he's doing something Matthias, and so he's a strategist, and it's like, but I guarantee you, I know a liar, and they never have to open their mouth. Lion, and I'm thinking, but they not talk. You say they don't have to talk. Their very existence is a lie, yeah. But you're being equipped.

Matthias Miller  17:26
Wow,

Speaker 1  17:28
moves like a locomotive. But let me tell you some don't, don't, let everybody know what track you're on. Yeah, secret apps, and the next thing you know, oh, by the way, for a month I'll be in Dubai. Oh, by the way, you know, and I'm sure his will turn and go, What? When did that? That ain't none of your business when it happened. Yeah, yeah. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  18:07
Well, that's good,

Speaker 1  18:08
that's good, that's good. That's good because his his will is not for you to be stuck, to be bound, to be hindered and to be stopped. That's not the will of God. That's not and you gotta recognize it on this level. Wow.

Matthias Miller  18:27
The reason why there's so much to this, I mean, this is even with my brother, I think, I mean, now I'm looking at how much we're building out and how much control, like we are almost we're we are building out the requirements even now, building out the the requirement side of things, to the point that we are basically designing the software. And all his guys are doing is just doing the work and putting the Lego pieces together, which means that the soft, that, that that I actually, if you know, once I build out, you know, the lead, lead gen side, I actually basically run the company, and I can, I mean, that's and I can, that's the plan. I can build my own development team, and he gets to choose how, you know who gets which project. But the other thing too, and I really ought to drop off second, okay, with the family. One last thing is, one last thing on this, that paper that I sent you, the ERP hell, the thing that that stirred within me, that I never really saw before, was this opportunity to turn enterprise software upside down on its head.

Unknown Speaker  19:38
I love it,

Matthias Miller  19:42
so we'll see, we'll see where. We'll see where he takes us.

Speaker 1  19:45
And you really gotta pray Holy Ghost Matthias, because you're dealing with a good life. Okay, yeah, yeah. Prayer is priority, Yes, God will show you. People, places and things you don't even know you need to know about, and you shut them down in the spirit. Matthias Miller, time be can we Yeah, yeah. We can talk. We can talk tomorrow. Matthias,

Unknown Speaker  20:33
maybe you broke up, but yeah, we can talk. Okay,

Matthias Miller  20:37
probably tomorrow afternoon,

Speaker 1  20:39
yeah, and just jot down stuff, whatever guys show you. Jot it down because it has significant,

Matthias Miller  20:47
yeah, cool blessing, cool, awesome, appreciate. It will do.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai