Matthias Miller  00:01
All right? So all that's good, it's helpful. It's like getting on the right path, and it's staying there. A lot of ways. It seems like little adjustments. I feel like, yeah, all of that's good. There's just so much, just continuing to be more layers of deprogramming, because most of the model that I've seen in a family has been, you know, Dad, not being molded by capital F, father, and then, and then Mom, you know, going, you know, doing her, you know, being who she is, and the frustration and chaos that results out of that. And then, like, everything is just chaos and frustration instead of understanding that. Yeah, I don't know when there's when there's a representative of the father in the mix. Everything is different,

Unknown Speaker  01:09
yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  01:13
So that's one piece of it, and just kind of deprogramming from that. Another piece of it is that I've really been processing, has been with Craig, and like, just understanding that.

Matthias Miller  01:39
And like, understanding, yeah, I don't know. I don't even know. You know, sometimes I feel like, I

Matthias Miller  01:53
don't even know what I feel like, like, like, I'm almost more of a, more of an investor than even a CEO, like my, my like, and, okay, so like, there's so many, I don't even know Jesus helped me. Like, we spent some time just talking about he had, he had a bunch of questions, just kind of like, how I look at life, I process things where, like, I don't even know. And then, and then we got started talking about me a little bit, and kind of sharing where I'm at. And, you know, what are the things I'm focusing on, and where am I in the midst of it? And and one of the things he pointed out is that for many people, I am so much a strategic thinker that I can't I sometimes almost can't think tactically and the way I communicate, even in terms of marketing, is very strategic oriented, and it's not like execution, get it done. Style, okay, okay.

Speaker 1  03:13
And who's around you, that's execution. Get it done now. I'm talking about somebody who's healthy for you. I'm not talking about No, I'm not talking about healthy. I'm talking about healthy execution. Who's like that around you?

Matthias Miller  03:31
Tim is Heidi is

Unknown Speaker  03:33
okay. Wait a second, I

Matthias Miller  03:43
I know if I tell her this, she'd throw up her hands and be like, I can't do it.

Unknown Speaker  03:50
But, okay, but, but, but,

Matthias Miller  03:58
is there a way that we could have Heidi start generating some content in marketing, or am I absolutely crazy on that?

Speaker 1  04:10
How about you ask and let her throw her hands and say, Mike, Heidi, you're really good at this. I love your strength in the sense of blah, blah, blah, I'm telling you. Matthias, no, you're not crazy, because that's, you know, it's like anything that I've grown the most. When people have asked me, I'm like, I don't want to do that. They like the VIZ, you know, I'm thinking, No, you know, like with Terry talking about the memo, you know, I was like, Okay, so what's the outcome? Why do we want to do you know, it wasn't so much. Why do we want to do it? But I understood that. But I was like, okay, and I was, you know, have the conversation over and over until we understood, you know, what he's saying and what his rationale was. So get in there and wrestle with Heidi. Get in. Been wrestled. Yeah, yeah, don't. Don't hold back. Get in the rain with her, and even, and I'm telling you my side, because I have a sister like that. And then she'll go, No, I'm not doing it. I said, Okay, would you think about it? I'm not thinking about I said, okay, but guess what I did. I planted the seed. Tell me exactly what it looks like. And I said, Well, what do you think it should look like? But you came up with the idea. She calls me Ann so and tell me, but she is the executer. She don't, she don't, she don't play. And when I have a vision before I go to her, I kind of know what I'm talking about. I gotta have it. I gotta think about how she thinks she gets stuff done, and then, you know, we're gonna wrestle, but she listens because she knows, okay, this is you, this is how you think, and this is me, and this is how I do and sing. So, yeah, get in the ring with us. Yeah, get in order get in the ring with them, just have a conversation and let her, you know, fuss and curse and do what she do. Yeah, don't back down. Yeah, because she's got, if she's got, amazing insight you want to hear what she's got to say anyway. Yeah, and then, if not you, then who you know, kind of put that little pressure on people. If not you, then who, well, I know somebody you know, because you never know who people know or who people may, may recommend, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But get in the ring. Do not not get in the ring. Matthias, because all the person can say is, no, yeah,

Matthias Miller  06:50
hang on. Just one more second. Okay? You

Unknown Speaker  07:05
Yeah, okay, yeah,

Matthias Miller  07:09
that was easy,

Speaker 1  07:11
yeah. Just get in the ring with people. They don't swing after you duck, and if they get too fierce, you run like, okay, we can have this conversation, but don't go out prematurely and don't tell yourself No, let them tell you No, that's no, yeah, no, is anointed. I've learned that. But does not mean no. I'm telling you that. Yeah, not right now.

Matthias Miller  07:40
I gotta tell you this Mindy was going through. Mindy wanted to chat with me a little bit, so I went over into her office. She was going through some of the some of Ari galpers trainings and cold calling and stuff like that. And she was like, I never wanted to be in sales because I didn't know it could be this. And like, she's like, how soon? I mean, you know, basically, like, how soon can I start cold calling? I'm like, lady, you can, you can get on the phone just as soon as you want, you go make that phone ring. And, like, you should see her eyes when she's talking about that.

Speaker 1  08:16
Oh, my guy, see, I'm telling you, I love her. I love her. It's something so special inside of her. And I don't know what it is, but she is something special,

Matthias Miller  08:31
yeah. And ever since her conversation with you, your eyes have been like, completely different. It's awesome.

Speaker 1  08:38
And see that's the point Matthias and people don't know that. They don't know God's got so much for them, yeah, and it's fun. And it's you by design for Matthias, by design, for Heidi, by design, you know? Yeah, oh, I love it. I love it. Yeah, she's special. That's beautiful, good for you, and keep going for it, you know, because you don't know. None of us know Matthias until we do whatever we're doing. We just got to do. We don't know. Yeah, yeah, we don't. We are and so I'm not gonna, I'm not, I'm not the initiator and the and the response, I'm the initiator. Now, what's your responses? God will help me, but I'm the initiator. I'm the trigger. Yeah, yeah, that's awesome, yeah?

Matthias Miller  09:48
And over the I'll have time over

Speaker 1  09:51
I need to be making notes, yeah, but

Matthias Miller  09:54
I'll have time over vacation to think, think through like, yeah. I mean, I don't even know what. It. Maybe there isn't even thinking through before then, I don't even know. Probably there is, yeah, what's her objection going to be? What's she going to say? What's she going to want to know? Was she going to

Speaker 1  10:13
you can't do it. Matthias, you just got to do you first. You know, we're praying, and God is showing you, and it shows you a lot about whoever it is you're dealing with, you know? And that's what I've learned. I don't know people until I know people, Matthias, and how you know is you you have those encounters and experiences, yeah, yeah. So so this is good. This is a great time. A great time. Great time. Be you

Speaker 1  11:02
and let it be no fear, no fear, no fear, no fear, yeah, yeah, no fear, because you don't know until you know, and so stop knowing doesn't do Yeah? Again, you know, I got an analogy those children of Israel, when they had to get cross the Red Sea, they had to get in the water, and it didn't start receding until it got pretty deep. Yeah, one of them you wonder. See, it might have been the Jordan. I think it was the Jordan with Joshua, but yeah, the Red Sea. He parted when Moses kept his arm up. But yeah, no, sir, no, no, no, get in the water. Get in the water. Yeah, yeah. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  12:13
So one of my chief missions and assignments is finding the people who are good soil

Unknown Speaker  12:26
and sowing seed. Okay,

Matthias Miller  12:30
like, is that not like, I mean, I have fought and I fought and I fought and I fought and I've tried to make myself be somebody else, yeah, and I am still the innovator. I'm still the guy to get put things into motion. I'm still the investigator, I'm still the I'm all of that. Mm, hmm,

Matthias Miller  13:03
but a big part of this is just learning how to, I mean, it's not just this. It's hearing from God, but it's also a big part of it is just learning to set things into

Speaker 1  13:15
motion. And look, really, don't you know how Matthias is the apprehension. So you want to get rid of that. Want to get rid of the apprehension, which is over time happens because it's you, you know, it's a getting it's from getting used to, it takes the getting used to,

Matthias Miller  13:35
the apprehension of

Speaker 1  13:37
responses. You know, because life is this, everybody is always going to have a response. Now, it could be favorable or it could be contrary, but it's okay. That's rhythm. Yeah, it's okay. Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  14:04
Oh, let's see,

Unknown Speaker  14:06
yeah, that is a lot. So,

Matthias Miller  14:18
so how do I unravel that?

Speaker 1  14:22
By every time you don't want to, you do it. But I found nerve to do I've been training the military. Oh, my goodness, it was certain parts of training I needed. I was like, Oh God, you know, I hate this. He's like, this, do it and get it over with. And those are the things that I was absolutely doing that. And it just broke something in me where it's like, first of all, calm down and get a life and do what you need to do. It was. My life because you don't like it, don't mean you're not supposed to do it. Yeah, you know, because we tangle every time we have an encounter, doesn't mean we're not supposed to be working together. It just means we gotta. Somebody's gotta have enough sense to know, okay, we're not gonna run this mulberry once again. Yeah?

Speaker 1  15:38
Oh, it's the practice. You just gotta practice. It's so

Matthias Miller  15:43
and then with unraveling it, like for so many years, I'm thinking about software development and my life there, and like, all I did was show up every day

Unknown Speaker  15:57
and

Matthias Miller  16:00
grip my teeth and did my best to do it and

Matthias Miller  16:15
like, is There an What's the question? The question is, like the

Matthias Miller  16:26
not wanting to do it? Is that in regards to people, is that in regards to things I need to do and get done?

Speaker 1  16:31
Well, it's probably a little bit of both, because I know what me the people and in any environment, to me, are everything Matthias And so it's not even the word, oftentimes, it's the people, yeah, yeah, from me, yeah. Because when you're around the right people, now it doesn't matter what you have to do, because we get it done. And you know, but you have the beauty of this encounter with these people who make your life richer, and so that's a joy, because we need that community. We need community. We need community. Every human being, no matter what they think. You know, I'm an introvert. I'm a this, right? But you need community, yeah? Mm, hmm. You need community? Yeah. Now I'm gonna make I'm gonna make you laugh. Besides, I just gave valor a treat, and it's his favorite fruit bar. He says, book us. Now, of course I'm thinking, I'm looking at it like, Lord, please don't let it be too cold for his hand or whatever, because he really loves this, and he rarely gets his Friday treat. I'm looking at him, his little hand is looking cold. I give him a ball. He goes. He shakes his head no, because he thinks I'm asking for some, but I'm really bringing the bowl so he can get so we might need to break the ice. You know, the fruit bar off, but he can enjoy it without most things can cause so I start breaking it off, and then, you know, I'm going to eat. I'm looking at him. Do you want them? What's left on the stick? Or do you want what's in the bowl? You know, what he does. He wants some boats. Lady, you are not touching my fruit. That is so male, okay? Like, I know you might want some, but this my fruit bar been waiting all week for no mail. I'm not saying and I'm laughing, yeah, because I'm thinking about you and cover your mouth now I'm thinking about you and all the decisions you have to make and so Matthias, there are some things you got to let go of. You can't have them both. Okay, yeah, yeah, give or take, give and take give and take like a seesaw. Go up, down, up, you know, it'll be all right. That's the nature of life, yeah.

Speaker 1  19:19
So you'll know as yourself, and when you when you foul it up, you just say, Okay, I won't do that again, you know. And it won't be a big thing. It'll be a little, tiny thing. So learning, you

Matthias Miller  19:41
Yeah, good. I'm.

Unknown Speaker  20:09
So what time do you guys start your day tomorrow?

Matthias Miller  20:16
Kids are usually up by seven or eight, okay, maybe out of the house by nine or 930

Speaker 1  20:22
Okay, that'll be nice, yep, and just pray tonight. You know, God, it's two more weeks left in this year. Just tell me what you want me to do, yeah and feel good about it. Yeah, Yeah. Sounds

Speaker 1  21:00
good. So here's the thing. It's like I said, if you, if you find yourself, know how to lamb, get in the ditch and be like buying for this. But thanks, just take me dead. I got five minutes I want to say so, you know. Cool. Yeah, okay, yep, I would

Matthias Miller  21:45
love to say that I'd be able to get up early in the morning sometimes, but I don't know if it's actually going to be the case,

Speaker 1  21:52
but it doesn't matter. Just whenever, yeah, because when I see your test, I'll text you back and say, Hey, Matthias, you know, I got five minutes through what's going on, you know, it'll be that simple, yeah, yeah, cool. Okay, blessings.

Matthias Miller  22:11
All right, awesome. Likewise on

Speaker 1  22:15
all of your hats. You know, take take three of them off. Got about 10. Take at least three hats off during the Christmas break. Okay, yeah, and enjoy, enjoy this time. Yeah, I'll do that. Okay, cool. Blessings on you. I love you guys, and you are definitely continuously in my prayer. Cool, appreciate it, no problem. So we will continue to talk. We go, but you are on vacation. Yep, you got it. You got it. All right, good. All right, okay, thanks. Bye, you're welcome. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai