Speaker 1  00:00
You're recording? Yep, I'm recording, excellent. So what's happening?

Matthias Miller  00:10
What's happening? We are finding a new rhythm at home, which has been good with the kids and still, you know, the thing that you shared with Benita and I about, no, it was with it was with me last time I think about the one of the one of the young boys who had a problem with lying, and he said his keeps hearing your voice over and over kind of gives hope for some of these, some of these situations where you're like, are we ever going to get through like this? Is it just falling on deaf ears?

Speaker 1  00:54
No. And your farmers, you got to keep that in mind. Your Farmer,

Matthias Miller  01:01
yeah, that's makes sense. Sounds good. In the On the work front. Don't remember if I mentioned that last time. I am getting certified in the Colby the next two weeks in planning to I'm not sure exactly where this what role this is supposed to place or to play, in what what I'm doing, but felt like it was a next step in, in the journey, okay, And let's see so much stuff. Had the opportunity didn't go to church last week because my wife was out hiking with some of her girlfriends for projects that they're doing in August. But but been getting a continue, getting a lot more breakthrough on that side as well, just because it's only been one one Sunday where we've actually been been together, as you know, at church, but recognizing the spiritual dynamics and just taking authority over them, and walking in authority in those things, and then just just giving myself permission to be on a different page. Excellent, excellent. And almost it's kind of that ingrained thing, like I have to stay tuned into what's going on, except, except I don't. I don't have to be tuned in with that. There are other things I'd rather be.

Speaker 1  02:37
Yeah, it's true. That's true. We get formed. We get shaped. We get molded. Um, God is breaking molds all over the place in my own life, like, Nope, we're not doing that. And I'll give you an example. Remember when, excuse me, when Samson, you know, he used the jawbone of an ass to win over the Philistines, but God didn't continue to do that. He only did it once. And and we live, our culture demands cookie cutter like no, we're going to do it like this. We come from the manufacturing world, or era where we all get in the same line. We all cut these type of widgets. And if I know I'm not a widget cutter, yeah. And when you get to that, you will see the glory of God, yeah, because we come from the industrial the industrial era, you know? And it was cookie cutter. It was cookie cutter. You think about the Stanford wise cookie cutter. Every house looked the same, every dress look the same we are not cookie cutter, right? Yeah, and Miller, we're evolving, excuse me, I'm gonna grab you some water. We, we're evolving into the image of God, not man. Matthias, yeah, yeah, yeah, yes. We don't know what that looks like? We don't, you know it's like now, when you look at family, they're so blended. Matthias, that's the norm. Now it's not everybody's black, everybody's Asian. You know, Perry has the United Nations and heads out, yeah, and so we have to allow God to form us in His image and likeness. And that's the battle. Matthias, does she say I had to give you? Have to give yourself permission to be Matthias, yeah. Mm. And keep doing it. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  05:03
that's very true.

Speaker 1  05:05
That's very true. And you've taken that step. I my little great nephew. I'm learning so much from valor. He loves superheroes, and so every morning, when he gets you'll say, I want to see Batman. I want to see Spider Man. Well, of course, I have to endure those superheroes sit on the social web and enjoy every punch and kick and leap and, you know. And he's just how he's doing it and, and that's him practicing being supernatural Matthias, and so I can't get in the way of his training, but he knows exactly who he decides to say, Okay, I want to see sometimes he wants to see baby bomb, and then some days he wants to see Batman, or he wants to see Spider Man, or someday you want to just watch the whales or the or the sharks, and literally bless me, I'm going to put you on hold. Matthias, put me on pause. This is my Sister. Okay? You

Speaker 1  07:32
Matthias, thank you, Matthias, I appreciate so yeah and so in watching, I was watching Spider Man, and it's the one with the little Latina, the Latina boy and and watching it, I learned so much because the adult Spider Man, he couldn't the young man, the younger Spider Man, he couldn't get his powers going and get his rhythm going. And he was so fearful, and they were doing their best to train them the other comrades. And he did, this wasn't happening. And so they cornered him, but the young man, and they said, you know The oldest finance and I'm just gonna have to do the job, because you you're not ready. And then the older spider man said, No, you're not he said, Okay, so he wrapped him up. Matthias, you wrapped him up, and he couldn't get out of it. And he said, You're not ready. And all that frustrated him, because you know that male testosterone, you know, even if you tie me down, I could do it and all that, and encouraged him. And he said to the elder, sorry, man, he goes but, but this is not your assignment, and I'm embellishing it, and this is Vivian version.

Matthias Miller  09:08
It's a better version anyway, yeah, it's

Speaker 1  09:10
mine. And so he goes, but it's not your assignment. And he goes, but you're not ready. You know, it was that challenge of, you know the older Spider Man is done. It's not even his outside, but yet, because you're not ready, he has to step in. So he said, How do you do it? This is the younger Spider Man. How do you do it? And they said, it's a leap of faith. Oh, that hit me in my god, wow, guys, it's like you don't do it because you can do it. You step out there, and then you're gonna do, oh, my goodness,

Speaker 1  09:58
if you get a chance. Matthias, and it is not the most quality production, but Oh, my goodness, the meaning Matthias. And I think all of your African American children that are articulate and can get into this sit and watch it with them, because he was so disabled he was, he just didn't have it. However he was, he wanted to be a DJ, and he liked mixing, so they made it extremely contemporary. But again, the artistry, the production, is not the best quality, but the message. And he had a dad, a young Spider Man. He had a dad, and his hero was his father's brother, and they had stopped speaking to each other, and so his father's brother ended up getting killed, and it pressed his father's heart, and he realized, I can't make my son be who I want him to be, because if I was like, You're not, you're not going to be a DJ. You know, that's typical for us. You know, you know how we go. We have to break a stereotype. Oh, Matthias, when you get a chance, it's the one with the boy in the Latino boy. You think he's African American, but he's Latina. And yet, that thing that said to me, it's like this, okay, whatever God tell you to do, it's not because you're you're capable and you're even ready. It's a step of faith, and that's what you're doing. Matthias, like he said, I don't know where this is leading me, but that's the perfect recipe for God to blow it up and you won't understand, like, I don't even understand crazy. I was like, I feel stupid doing this, and it doesn't make sense and it doesn't fit. And so that story that a piece of art will minister to you and your African American children. That's awesome, because there is a constant blanket over us, and it's in our DNA, Matthias, that you're not good enough. You're never going to be accepted, even when we're accepted. And I don't have any issue, because I had a I had a paternal covering, a real dad, a dad who was my first educator. Taught me to play the keyboard, taught me my ABCs, you know, would allow me to have dialog with him, even when I didn't make sense. Matthias, he was in a tennis and I could tell when what I was saying wasn't on the mark. However, he would smile and he would give his indulgence, and then I would grow because I understood okay there, because you see it this way, there's more. And so I invite you to do that with them, because they have no voice. Matthias, and when you come and I'm giving you, I'm paying you, a panoramic view. I came from a place where children could be heard and seen. The majority. I was a minority. The majority of African American children are to be seen and not heard, and it's in the DNA Matthias, and so you don't have to teach them that it's in them, because it happened to their mothers, it happened to their grandmothers, it happened to their fathers, happened to their grandfathers, happened to their great, great I know my family five generations back, and my next step, I was doing ancestry.com and I stopped. It's been two years now. I had to go back. And I got to the next phase. Was going to be the owners of my family. Wow, and I couldn't do it, wow. Matthias, the pain is so real and so innate that I couldn't do it and I put it out and I put it off for two years. Wow. And so it runs so deep that these millions and 1000s, 1000s and millions of people that are walking are saying to us, you can breathe now. Yeah, you can breathe now. And so it's the significance of it. It's, you know, and there was this one woman, she was in one of those western states, and her girlfriends would not protest with her. She was white, so she got a wagon with all the things she needed, and she walked miles and said, I'm walking for George Floyd. And so if and she was the only person walking down the highway with a sign, because, just like the and just. US is built into us. The Privilege is built in some people, and they know it because it was their grandfathers and their great grandfathers and their great, great great grandfathers. And so we're all being healed, and we're we came from the earth. He scooped up the earth and He formed us. So it's it's significant when we say healing the land, God is talking about healing a man, because we're just dirt. We're going back to dirt. And so you're a part of their healing process. You're a part of generations of healing. And one of the things I do with my niece my nephews, I always say, What are your thoughts? And I let them talk, and it could be just as off and wrong, but at least they have a voice. Yeah, and I'm teaching them to have a voice, and when they tell me what they're thinking, I say, Why do you think that way? And then there's always an experience that I didn't know about, that they share. And now the healing can begin, because when you have a swelling or an infection, and let's say you gotta splinter and it begin to swell. There is, there's poison in that part of the skin. And so in order to for that part to heal, you gotta pop it. You gotta pop that swelling. Sometimes, if you get a blister and it's painful, my dice like, ah. And then when you let the poison out, the healing begins. The most painful thing is to have a blister, and the skin doesn't have any more room to expand, so now it's in pain, and that's the cue you need to do something about this now. Wow, and children, this is all children, when they act out. There's a swelling, and I'll say to valor, he'll break out like when it's time for him to have his nap. And I could tell, because he's nodding in everything he does. But I say, Valerie, stop taking that now. And they know what I do. I say, get over there and lie down and take your nap. Starts crying. I say, close your mouth. And what he does, look guys. Nobody calls him this. He puts his hand over his mouth to close it, because he knows I can't close it because I'm angry and I want to scream, but he takes his little hand, he puts over his mouth, and then when I look up, he sleep, but we go through this every day, and as soon as he puts his hands, he's out, And he sleeps for three or four hours, a little boy. And then I look at him, and I'll teach him something different every day. I say valor. You know what time it is? Lift our equipment, going to cry. I give them instructions, because he don't have the capacity that they through. He just Yeah, so I say, close your mouth. I say, close your mouth out and I say, get over there and get your pillow and lie down. He's like, I say, close your mouth. And I know that helps them. So when he closes it it says, reflex. He puts it off. He goes. Now one day I'm gonna say val is time for napping. No, he's gonna do he's gonna get his little blankie, he's gonna get his little pillow, and there will be no crime. But right now, I gotta instruct him every day, yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  19:07
So if I can, if I can, jump in a little bit our, our our son, Dante, we've had since birth, and his well and we adopted his. This is kind of, it's, it's a crazy story how that happened. But his, his half sister we adopted. She's three years old. We adopted her when she was she was two and and the difference between like like. For him, he's never, he's never had that kind of a problem using his voice. But with Tamika, it's been this constant challenge, like it's if she needs to clear the table and there's something that's outside of her room. Each like, she she keeps getting better. We just keep working with her on it, but like, she'll just stand there and, like, just whine and refuse to absolutely refuse to open her mouth and use her words to ask for help. Yeah, and I think it's, it's good, I guess what I'm what I'm thinking here, is like, just thinking of more ideas of ways to to give her a voice, and to kind of let that

Speaker 1  20:26
resolve and mature. Because here's the thing, I have, a two year old, great needs, Aubrey. She throws herself on the floor into a tantrum, if you say, because she she has microscopic vision. Things we absolutely do not explain, Aubrey, where did you get it's the tiniest things, and they'll kill her. And we're like, Audrey, you can't she throws herself on the floor. She starts kicking. And we say, okay, Aubrey, you're kicking. Is not gonna get it done, give it to me now, and we put a little more authority in it, because two is the place of total resistance. I am not. No, no. The world has come to a knee, and this guy is falling. I don't know what's going to happen. And we talk her through things. We say, Aubrey, it's not the end of the world. Valor says that right now, because we say it. Then lunch Matthias And so the girls, I want you to remember this, their frontal brain develop before their rear brain. So the real brain develops on the boy, and that's movement, throwing, climbing. You know, motor skill the frontal brain is, you're trying to kill me. You don't like me. I'm not pretty enough. Unfortunately, it developed in the girls first. Yeah, so they go through this horrible identity crisis at two Matthias. When, when aubrey's mother does her hair, she struck her stuff, she's, you know, swinging her head. When her hair is not combed, she is a nightmare. And I'm like, I tell her mom, I said, Serena, do not bring her over here if you have not combed her here, because it's all feelings. Matthias, if you ever, if you guys get a chance, research the development of the brain and research it according to age and the frontal brain. Now the frontal brain the reason why boys don't have feelings. Their frontal brain usually doesn't fully develop until they're 25 so that's where their jar heads. That's why they hit the sister in the eye. And you're like, why did we do this? Like, what she got, in a way, if I know you need to be careful, and then she's screaming bloody murder if he touches one of her things, because she's frontal brain and he's rear brain. Yeah, so that Matthias, so everything is like mountainous task for her, and talk her through it. And you culture, and you know you say, Tamika, all we're asking. I mean, slow everything, but thanks, Lord is slow motion. Say to me, because you can't reach it doesn't mean it's the end of the world, because now you're teaching on life lessons. Yeah, she'll remember her daddy saying, because I failed in it this time, doesn't mean I'll never do it. Yeah? Because the father is everything to the girl and the mother is everything to the boy until they get to a certain extent they don't want any parts of either one of you. And someone by a slow motion to slow it down and say to me, why are you crying? And she may scream and just say okay, to make give her a hug or something. Make sure, you know, you make it a big deal and say, okay, Tamika, Tamika, we only, we only ask you to do this. It's okay. It's okay. Look, look, look how, look how we're doing it. Look, look, you know, and you're walking her through all of what she's feeling that she cannot articulate. Mm, them, that's all you just coaching, yeah, and if you had a culture 10,000 times, and I'll tell you this, your coaching is more valuable than your wife's coaching, because a mother will say, Tamika, get this. Ball shaker and bring it to the counter as always telling or get your phone or get your plate to me, go back and get your napkin and when. And it never failed with Aubrey right now, because she just made two in March. Oh, my God, we'll say Aubrey, go pick that up and bring Oh, and she fall out like we said, Let me cut your arm off, or let me cut and this is everything she does. Matthias And so then what her mother does, she'll get her and she'll rub her head, or, you know, bring her closer and say, oh, oh, I know that she you you know, but they're still between that stage of being cuddled and coddled to now we're pushing you out there and push you out there's a little frightening, because it means, are you trying to leave me? Okay? Yeah, it could be some major you're trying to leave me. And if I'd learned to do this, you're going to send me back if I learned I'm telling you, it's crazy. Matthias, I had young men because I had them from age seven to 18, the eight bullies. Matthias, it would be certain colors I wore, and one of our children Dallas waking up, one of our children would just go into an outburst, and we had no idea what the heck was going and so it would freak me out. My you know, I had entered the room. And so when we would go to counseling, I would say, the counselor isn't me. I said, because on certain days, and they say Vivian just pay attention to every thing. Pay attention to everything. And we discerned Matthias. When I wore a certain color, this child would freak out because that was the color that was connected to the abuse. Wow. And I didn't know that, and that's the I'm telling you, God has given he's going to give you and your wife such a sensitivity Matthias, because you'll notice, like, Okay, why is this person doing this every time we sit to eat, or we get up, or, you know, and we began to put two and two and two and two and like, Oh my God. And so we tried it. We did some case studies. I put the color on it, and, I mean, the feeling would come off the house, yeah. Oh my god, wow. Yeah, yeah. And so God is training you guys like this for a reason. Matthias, he's giving you a sensitivity that is unusual, because for him to have another nation in your house, y'all raising up another y'all raising up the continent of Africa. Yeah, that speaks volumes to who you are. And so take your, take your your perspective broader and deeper than what it is. Allow it give you information. Yeah, and when they get older, they'll, they'll get to tell you. They'll tell their stories. Because my son, who graduated from Northwestern, who you know pretty soon, is going to be working on his doctorates, he attempted, but he has, yes, 332, I think, two children. And so it's like Matthias, he had to come, you know, pull out of it, but he was the one that I stayed on, I mean, and he was like, Mama, so glad. I'm so glad you didn't let me get I'm so glad I'm so glad you had eyes in the back of your head, because it was something about him that drew me to you've got to be a man of justice. You gotta have integrity. You gotta tell the truth. We you're gonna get a consequence, yes, but guess what? It won't be as severe when it's as if you lied. Believe you me, yes, there are consequence, you know, and give them rationales for everything, because their little souls are ingesting it. Matthias, they they are only this and that age, but Matthias, they're going to be 21 someday. Yeah, they're going to be 32 someday. They're going to be somebody's mother, they're going to be somebody's father, they're going to be somebody's Uncle, you know, or odd. And so you're raising up a nation. And when I looked at it that way, when I realized I would say to them, when I would consecrate them, and I didn't. Play with them. Matthias, I said, Listen to me, is this how you're going to model life for your son?

Speaker 1  30:08
And I said, because your father wasn't fit a model for you, doesn't mean you don't have filter, you don't have boundaries. I didn't play because I knew I only had so much time with them. Matthias, yeah, so I poured it on. Oh, you you got you're gonna have a lifetime to play. You have a lifetime to cheat, and still, if that's what you desire to do, but not in this house, yeah. I gave it to him because I understood you're going to be 18, and you will no longer be with me, and I need to put something in you that you're going to remember. And guess what they would do? They would cling to me Matthias, because they know Vivian knows the way, and I gotta submit to her. As they got older, they earn things. They were blessed and doors over. I said, See, that's why I tell you to use your social skills, to say, thank you, to say, excuse to say, Forgive me, because you're going to be in the world someday and I won't be there. And you tell them that Matthias, because kids, they take us for granted. You know, when I speak to valor, I said, Valerie, no, we don't do that. I say we don't do that because you're upholding Vivian's on and you tell them that, Matthias, I'm your dad. I don't talk to you like that. You don't talk to your sister like that, yeah, I don't talk to your mother like that. Give them rational Yeah, and don't apologize for it, because, let me tell you something. Matthias, you're going to keep them alive. Because I can't tell you how many times my children, Mom, I would hear your voice and I just walked away. I would hear your voice, and I wouldn't take it, yeah, because I knew we had this at home, you know, yeah, yeah. And, and when you build it, when you undergird it with the rationale, Matthias, and then they got more to think about, okay, you're my dad. But my dad said kids don't do that because, you know, because they're going to educate their friends. Yep, there are images of you. You've reproduced after your own kind. No, it wasn't your seed and, no, it was not your wife's egg. But guess what? You belong to God, and so do I. So guess what? We come from the same seed when you get through now, why he made you black and made me whatever I am? I don't have the answer to that, yep. And those are the lessons that they learn at three, but they learn at four one things valor does when we're about to reprimand Aubrey. He'll get in between us and Aubrey and say, Don't touch my baby. Don't touch my baby. And their cousins. He's three. He comes in and then he realizes he's talking to dogs. He goes, okay. And he goes, just really nice. Like, okay, I understand. I'm talking to Nana. I'm talking to AC, but I need you to understand, don't touch my baby. He has hit her in the head with a plastic bat because his motor skills, he didn't know it. So it's like, here we go. Like, oh my god, we're like, Valerie, you can't do that to the baby, you know, because she breathes on him. She She doesn't give him breathing room. And when he's around, she's stuck to him. Like, well, of course, if he raises up the bed, he's gonna hit you in the head. I'll breathe back up off of him. Yeah. And so he and so now, at this age where he's almost four, he gets a mental he goes, he holds his hands up, don't touch my baby. And he'll try to whisper it, but he means it. He means it. Matthias, because we have taught him you are never to hurt the baby, yeah. And so he's reenacting what we taught him. But again, he doesn't have our filters. He doesn't know boundaries like we do. But he got it. He got it. Matthias,

Speaker 1  34:34
so you're you're on schedule, you are not to fear. You are not the fear of where they came from. Those are your children, and how would you teach yours? Because that's why they're in your house. Matthias, yeah, because of who you are in the eyes of God, and God approves of you, man will never approve. Matthias. His man is never satisfied if we dotted every I and cross every t say, Well, look like you when you cross the T, it was almost a dot. Get on my face. Yeah, that's not the point here, you know, and you will be an advocate for children who do not have voices Matthias. And there's a great payday for that. There is a great right now I'm in a class to do import and export in the continent of Africa. And we have these weekly classes. And someone was in this class, Matthias, and the monthly fee, because of covid, the original cost of it was $3,000 like upfront 3000 and of course, I'm not going to invest that kind of money, because my money has assignment yep on it. Matthias, so it's like, Nope. Well, covid happened. She says, You know what Holy Spirit told me to allow people to pay for this class monthly, $87 a month. And and I had a friend on the on the call, and my friend is the one that invited me to get on the call. And I get on this zoom call. It was a Sunday, and guess what? Matthias. It was at the time that normal morning worship services happen. Okay, okay. God is challenging my paradigm. You know, they told me, You watching somebody's crazy broadcast because they want to see your name come up in the feed. It's garbage. He said, You better get on that Zoom call and learn how to how to do export and import with that's what you need to do. You ain't gonna learn that in your 11 o'clock service. Yeah, yeah. And this person who invited me did not have the money, Matthias, but they are astute at the continent. They lived there for two years, so they are the person, right? They should be doing it more than me. So I'm watching, and I'm like, Oh my God, this lady is awesome. She got a PhD Matthias and could not find a job. The Holy Spirit tells her to investigate how to do import, how to do export. Now she lives in the continent, and she's in Kenya, Anthony, or one of them, this lady begins to research trade. She is the biggest and the baddest in the continent right now. She's starting a school of development those who want to engage those it is just crazy. It's crazy. It's crazy. Matthias, so my friend who could not afford it, when we got off the zoom, I said, Oh my God. I said, Okay, are you going to get in the class? And they was like, Jay, I don't have the money. God, say you got the money and you're going to pay it every month. My friend is already starting to trade, to invest. Yeah, they were worth the $87 Matthias, yeah, I didn't have to. I didn't need a confirmation to do that. It was, it was a just thing to do, yep, and so that's where you're going to find yourself. Matthias, where God is going to utilize you and your wife to pour into adults and to pour into children, Matthias, and don't ask, Why do it? Just like you said, just like young Spider Man, oldest spider man told him, it's a leap of faith, so don't question yourself anymore. Matthias, you're really walking by faith. You're really walking by faith. Your life speaks. I'm a I'm a Faith Walker. And watch what God does. Matthias, because let me tell you something, I am cool out. I don't want to do trade. I I don't know, really, I don't want to do anything. Matthias, I'm at the retirement age. Okay, please God, don't give me another assignment. Don't give me anything new. He's like this, but you inspire people. You influence. Viv, you got to stay in the game. I'm like, Okay, can I sit on the sidelines? And he said, Okay, Viv, you're an excellent cheerleader, but sometimes people need to see you in the game and say, Oh, if this did it, I'm telling you because you don't know why. You don't know who you need to write this down. You don't know why, you don't know who, you don't know what, God always. Knows why he always know who. He always know what Matthias always so what you don't know. Abraham, leave your raggedy family with all those items and just start walking and take nobody with you. Now, Abraham, he has did it right, but he took his little raggedy cousin of nephew Lot, a troublemaker. And humans always need humans, Matthias, and when we have all the power, all the glory, which is wrapped up in our God, can my sister go again? Yes, bring your little raggedy sister and bring your little raggedy brother. You have an assignment, Matthias, and it's bigger than church. Yeah, it's bigger than church, and it's a burden of the Lord when, when you when you need God. It's the burden of the Lord when you can do it. Thank God, brother, it's you. Hallelujah. Thank God you got the challenge, the skills, the training, the lineage, as as some of my friends say, the pedigree. You know, they always say, Viv you're not black. And I go, Yes, I am. They like and I'm telling you, Matthias, I believe my father. I'm having difficulty tracing him. It's much easier tracing my mom's I've traced her family all the way through slavery, and that's my next step. But my dad, I'm running into so many challenges. I found his grandfather, and I'm having challenges because that name was very popular. My father's name was Edward Lee Smith. There's a million Edward lees. And when I get the documents, I go, okay, that's not my dad. Or, you know, you get these hints when you're doing ancestry.com and I'm looking at all these hints and those hints where you're out giving a nod as my damn because this year, this happened that you know, and so, but I'm determined. I'm determined. Matthias, undetermined, because there's something great in my father's lineage that the enemy doesn't want me to see. And you've got to remember that where there's great challenge, there's great treasure. Yeah, they go deep to get those diamonds in the coal mine. Brother and if not, let me go under here and see if it's a diamond. No, you go under there, you may lose your life. Yeah, trying to extract diamonds in the coal mine, I gotta go deep. You gotta unearth some stuff to get to the treasure Matthias. Don't ever forget that. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  43:11
What are your thoughts?

Matthias Miller  43:22
You're really won't let me get out of the game, will you?

Speaker 1  43:25
You? If you have never been beaten, you will get a whooping that you don't understand Matthias. You be like, I rather do this than deal with this. And I'm telling you, that's how it's gotta be. You. You Matthias, see, here's what I learned. How many Joan of Arc were there? There's one. Oh, how many Moses is just one? How many Abraham, exactly one. How many Jesus is, even though everybody

Matthias Miller  44:05
just one,

Speaker 1  44:06
just one, there's only one you Matthias and and the layers that are being pulled off all of us are is so God can get to himself. And he want to get to himself, Matthias, he's in there, buried under culture, yeah, nationality, yeah, lineage, DNA, yeah. He's under there somewhere. He's going to manifest himself until he sees himself in us. Matthias, he's going to unearth everything about us. Yeah, wow, we're being scanned, you know, down to the scalp, where you will see none of me. And that's what God desires. He's like. If I could get down to the core of Vivian, i. What a world this would be, yeah, if I could get to the core of Matthias, if I could get to the core of Dante, if I could get to the core of Tamika, what? Yeah, what a world Matthias. That's what you gotta remember, we're layered with so much garbage, and some of the garbage is good garbage. You know, how might throw some in the trash? Somebody come back there? Whoa, that's a good table. Let me get that thing, yeah? But it was, yeah. It was time for that individual to trash that Yeah, but it was somebody else's treasure. And so Matthias, we don't fear becoming who God designed us to be. We don't fear, yeah, we don't fear. Don't fear stepping out on faith, taking a leap of faith, don't fear. And guess what, if you jump up and you can learn what works and what benefit. So what Matthias, yep, and feel comfortable telling people so what I learned, yeah, yeah, you have a license to fail, Matthias, because you're gonna fail, because we all do Matthias under my second marriage, my first one failed, yeah, yeah, yeah, and, and, no, Vivian didn't contribute to it. He got a ticket to crack cocaine. But I can't go around being ashamed. Yeah, I can't do it, and I won't and I won't apologize, and I'll tell the story, and I feel bad for the people that get offended, because maybe this was the straw that will break your back of shame. Yeah, Jesus died a horrible death. Nothing to brag about Matthias, but when we think we got bragging rights, we don't, because we're probably walking in pride, headiness, high mindedness, puffed up and it's some devilish under there. Yeah, you i The more you become you, because I'm telling you, Matthias, you stood out to me like a sore thumb. I saw the I saw the strength. I said, okay, it is some, you know how some people just scream at you, and you were one of those people. I'm like, Whoa, you know, and that's the power and the essence of Matthias, because I didn't know you, yeah, yeah, but I needed to know you, yeah. You're somebody people need to know, Matthias, and all of your raggediness. And we all got raggedy. We all got raggedy. My story is raggedy. Matthias, my mom, and I think I did, I tell you, she was in an abusive relationship, her first marriage, and she was on the run, and she got pregnant with me, the Prophet, yeah, by my dad. What a beginning. Can you imagine the demons that chase me down? Yeah, no kidding.

Speaker 1  48:39
We all got raggedy, but the word says he makes all things beautiful, and it's time Matthias, and like you said this, you're not gonna let me get out the game. No, and we're not gonna let the kids get out the game either. Yeah. Yeah, you got this. Your wife got this between the two of you. You got this Matthias. But in the midst of it, you take care of one another. You notice when she's tired, you notice when she's angry. You notice when she's about to snap, and she need to do the same for you, because you're one another's covering, if nobody else covers, you guys, y'all cover each other. Matthias,

Speaker 1  49:37
you're equipped to do it. You're You're a defender of the faith, but by his defend everything God gave you. Yes, don't let the enemy end when you smell them, bind him and lose him and decree What does say it the Lord, even if it don't even like this is stupid. I don't even know why I'm saying it, but. You speak it anyway, because Matthias, that's the authority you were born into. You have the rights to that authority. Yes, yep, and you'll never be good enough. None of us, yeah, none of us, none of us, none of us, none of us, none of us. And so remember that you're in good company, because it appears that this one got it together now, well, guess. Ask them what they went through. Ask them about their parents. Ask them about their grandparents. Listen Matthias, they took the head off of Columbus because of what he did to the indigenous people. They took their head off the statue. Matthias. People are saying, we're tired, yeah. Do you hear us? Yeah? Yeah, yeah. That's why you're born in this generation, it's not a mistake.

Speaker 1  51:10
And kids have opinions. Matthias let them have one, even though it could be wrong as a two left shoes, they need to say it so you can see what's inside of them.

Speaker 1  51:28
And again, you don't have to wait for a week. You can text me, say, hey, VID. I just want to hear what are your thoughts, blah, blah, blah, because that's how we do a week. That's how the village does it. They sneak somewhere in the bathroom, make a phone call, say, Look, this, this channel went crazy. What in the world? And then I say, Okay, I'm gonna call them. They don't know you call me. Then I call and say, Hey, what's gonna my mother? Yeah. Oh, really. Okay, okay. Well, how many times has she done it? About three times. Well, then she doesn't always do anything. And then what did you Well, I was trying to do what, you know, I know you you weren't trying. You was probably pouting, you know. So now, you know, we tag team on them, I'm telling you, but that's how we do it, yeah, that's how we do it. And so you're not alone. You have auntie. So you guys don't know her, but she knows you. Yep, yep. I'm just gonna make a quick phone call because I want to see what Auntie did. Had to say about this. I don't know Auntie did, I don't know what. Well anyway, we get ready to call her. Auntie did this? What's going on?

Speaker 1  53:00
But sometimes there need to be a relay team. Okay, I'm getting ready to call grandma. I'm getting ready to call grandma. I'm getting ready to call uncle so and so, because I want uncle to know that you are refusing to go to bed. Now, of course, I know how to get you to go to bed, but I tell uncle if it's somebody they love, oh, please don't go, you know, so Matthias use every tool in your toolbox. Okay, yep, make up some tools.

Speaker 1  53:41
And of course, Valerie sees me on the phone, so he thinks, Okay, it's my opportunity to clown it's my opportunity to tag auntie, put her in a leg lock. I'm telling you, telling Nobody knows, but this is a full strength Three year old boy is 100 crore boy.

Matthias Miller  54:11
Wow,

Unknown Speaker  54:17
good.

Speaker 1  54:26
And so Matthias, I'm really giving you permission, I'm serious, to text, to text me or say hey there. Okay, because I'm walking with you guys, and that's for anything that's for the business, that's for anything, okay, because you're walking a tightrope, because you're in a new place. But God makes your past. He makes it broad, and that's what the Word says, yeah, he makes our what appears to be a tightrope to others. You. Has broadened our path, and you gotta see that. Wow, yeah, and I'm gonna send you that song where it talks about that, and it is just powerful Matthias. And we do we he does put us on tightrope, but, but it he broadens it for us. What others are like, how are you?

Matthias Miller  55:29
Yeah, that makes sense. Makes a lot

Speaker 1  55:31
of sense. And I'm gonna send you, I'm gonna send you that song, good, yeah, it's powerful Matthias. And let that be your mantra, you know, and read it in different translations, so you can really get the essence of it. And, yeah, you're on a tightrope, but he has broadened your path under your foot. Everybody else sees a tight rope, yeah? It makes it broad, yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  56:04
What are your thoughts?

Unknown Speaker  56:10
There's

Matthias Miller  56:11
I'm just thinking about, I mean, this is so much good stuff, but thinking about how much thinking of all the mindsets that are shifting, even like, even, even now.

Matthias Miller  56:31
Um feels like I'm being deprogrammed from the I don't even know what, how to how to describe it. It's like the from, from the analysis and the figuring it out, and from the from the even like the, you know, one of the big things like here's here's another, just a crazy situation through a friend of friend of mine connected with this Princeton graduate Who wants to start an international nonprofit for for orphans and, and, you know, brilliant guy and all this stuff and, like,

Matthias Miller  57:14
where am I going with this and? And it's like, you know, part of me is like, Oh, this is, this is an exciting opportunity. Part of me is, like, scared out of my mind. The other parts like, I don't really belong here. The other part is like, yes, but everything else, like, the way God has been directing me, like, he's like, like, it's, it's a convergence of of different types of things that, you know, I've that I've been moving towards

Speaker 1  57:43
and and

Matthias Miller  57:47
then there's the part of me that's like, Yeah, but financially, does it? Does it make sense? Is it reasonable? And then there's, you know, there's the other side of things, which is just like, like, you still have to pursue kingdom and obedience and like it's that breaking of the mindset of of even, even, of looking to, looking to the kingdom for the sake of provision, versus just pursuing the kingdom and Knowing that provision will be found there,

Speaker 1  58:23
that's the ladder of your answer. That's the ladder of your answer. Um, 10 years ago, before my mom transitioned, right before she got sick, Holy Spirit was doing me to develop a school of women. And if I sent you, and I'm going to do it Matthias, because I just want you to see how powerful this thing is, he gave it to me. And when the the crash, when the stock market crashed in 2008 he began to deal with me about is you gotta really begin to educate people from the depth of who I am, and you did, like, don't, don't compromise, like you're saying for money. At the time Matthias, I was making $5,000 a month, yeah. And he was like, and I was like, and that was my conversation, like, Lord, there is no money in that, he said, but I'm in it this. I'm in it, you know. And so he had to convince me, and in the midst of me taking his lead, structuring the school of women, I'm going to send you the little palette of it, because I lost every single one of my notes in storage. Matthias. I lost the storage and I lost. I lost so much. I lost art. I lost all my pictures. I just it was devastating, and I wanted to mourn. And God said, Why are you mourning over things he was crucifying me to. Because I was a collector of art, yeah, wow. Oh. My heart was broken. And I and he said, Vivian, I do not want you to cry about the storage. And I, you know, I said, Lord, I have to be honest. I'm really angry and I'm really hurt. He said, but I do not want you to cry over things, and I had to open my mouth and say, Okay, God, I'm not crying over things, which was not true. Matthias, I was crying over things, yeah. But you know how you straighten it up, you suck it up and say, Okay, you telling me, but I'm telling you. I am telling me of God, it was one of those moments, yep. And I was very angry with God, because it was an heirloom, and I was done and, and so it took me months to heal from that. Matthias, wow. And from there, he began to deal with me about the school of women. Okay, the stock market crashes, and I'm on unemployment, and I'm making, you know, peonies and comparison. So what I was making, and God said, I need you to start a school of women. And I said, with what? And he said, What's your unemployment? And I begin to develop that school, Matthias. And when I I got it up and running, I hit 125 women to come first day. Wow. So his multiplication is always going to be our subtraction. Matthias math is not our math. Gideon, you got too many people. If

Speaker 1  1:01:50
it's on your heart and it's keeping you up at night, you gotta do it. Matthias, when I tell you, God will make provision. Matthias, I make money in my PJs, Yep, yeah, I have a fridge that stock with food because I'm not at home. And I said to God, because I'm here Monday through Friday, you know? I said, Lord, when will I get to eat my food? He said, You will eat food that you did not buy Vivian. You will live in houses that you did not build. Wow. And so, Matthias, I'm on the other side of where you are. Yeah, wow. You gotta do it, Matthias, and you don't look back, and that's why I will hold your hand, because I know the way, yeah, you gotta do because it's your voice, it's your presence. My Bruce shaker Tom brasha, Matthias, how many Matthias? Is, you're the only one. You're the only one. Matthias, you're the only one. Right now, I'm, you know, working on this whole export, import. I don't want any parts of shipping, and I don't want Matthias, I'm done. I don't want to think. I don't want to manage. Yeah, I don't want to. I don't want to know what the accountant is doing. I don't want to know, you know what the chief I don't want to. I don't want that. But God says you have to hear I don't want to keep a three year old seven in the morning to five at night, making $20 a day. I don't want to do that Matthias, but I don't know who Valerie is, but God,

Speaker 1  1:03:58
yeah, we're gonna talk. We're gonna talk. No, you're to do exactly what God puts in your heart to do. And here's how I learned to do it. Matthias, I would say, okay, even though I didn't like it, even though I didn't want to, I would say, Okay, God with a smile on my face, Matthias, because I learned he don't tell me everything, and he don't have to. I learned it. I learned it. Matthias, he don't tell me everything. When he told Abraham to put that baby out, God didn't know. I mean, Abraham didn't know what he was going to do with Hagar son, but He did it. He kept the promise. It's none of our business. Matthias, we just do what he tells us to do. You're looking at a 60 year old woman who finally learned I do. And I know I only do what I see My Father doing. It was not in an unemployment lifetime. I wear my check, yep, in my neck mailbox looking for a stimulus. As a matter of fact, Mama didn't have no milk money, no pamper money. Mama didn't have anything except a promise Matthias, and that's enough. Um, I got you. No, it's too late, brother. I sorry, Matthias, are you showed up at the Truth Seminar? I mean, it was so powerful that gatherers, Matthias, I was like, Lord, Who the heck are these people? I'm telling you, he said, these are my kings. Yeah, know, so walk it out. Brother, yeah, and you gonna die trying not to Matthias, you gonna die trying? I'm telling you. I used to tell my boys this. I said, Well, I hate it. I hate when you said, I said, you going to die trying not to do what I told you to do. Yeah, you going to get tired before I get tired. Yeah, that was my resolve. You're going to get tired Matthias, before I Imma tell you just like I told him, you're going to get tired before I get tired. Yep, and it's so funny Matthias, because Terry and myself and another intercessor, we do a Sunday call and and so there's oftentimes parents say, Hey, why do you sound like my mother? I said, because I am. I said, I'm your mother. Yeah. I said, you know, he said he'll be a mother to the motherless Matthias. He'll be a father to the fatherless. He raised up men from all nationalities to develop me after my dad died. Matthias, that's why I'm not resisting nothing God has for me. Matthias, because it makes us who we need to be to do what God birthed us to do. Matthias, yeah. And when people meet Yo yo, auntie, cousin, Mother day, they're like, oh, okay, I get it. Okay. I need no explanation. I'm telling you, Matthias, if I get a chance to open my mouth, people get revelation. Yeah, so I got you No, you cannot fail. You're going to learn, you're going to grow, you're going to learn, and you're going to grow, you're going to learn and but you cannot fail. Matthias, there is no failure in God, yeah, only growth and learning. Yeah. Wow,

Matthias Miller  1:08:33
that's good,

Speaker 1  1:08:35
Amen. All we gotta say is a man, a man. Every time God gives you something to do everybody. Time somebody calls on you. Matthias, I'm getting calls from everywhere. Just say, Okay, God, what do you want me to do? And then do it. Matthias, yeah, we got that. He got to feed your your family. He got to pay your bill. Yeah. He got to make a way for you. Yeah, yeah, especially when you don't see one, yep, yep, that's his opportunity, yeah, but that's why they're pulling on you. Matthias, do it and don't look back. Don't look to the left. Don't look to the right thank you, Lord, give him glory for choosing me,

Speaker 1  1:09:33
and give yourself permission to be a son of God. Matthias, with no apologies.

Speaker 1  1:09:53
So that's our story, and I'm sticking to it. I like it for. Make anything back, I'll add more to it.

Matthias Miller  1:10:08
It's like a hook. You can't pull it back out,

Speaker 1  1:10:11
going deeper. Yeah, it's going deeper. Brother, you pull back. I feel that you're resisting. Yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah. God is faithful. And so again, text me email. And you know, Matthias, when you email me, say, Viv, I sent you an email because, you know, text out see emails. I have to go in and look at them. Yep, I'll do that. Okay. I love you guys. I'm for you guys. You are winning. You are winning. You are winning every time you don't feel like you win it. Put it out there. Matthias, I'm winning. My family is winning. My children are winning. My children's children to the 1,000th generation. Let me tell you something. The patriarch of old, they spoke about the generations they didn't deal with. No, this right here is going on. No, my children are blessed. Yes. And so I'm going to send you the song that I was telling you about, and I want you to look at it. That's your homework assignment, to look at it in all translations, because I really want you to get it

Matthias Miller  1:11:25
cool. Okay,

Speaker 1  1:11:27
okay, love you. Text and email. Okay, yep,

Matthias Miller  1:11:33
you got it and I will. You said something last last week about connecting with my wife. Did you want me to send a group text so that you guys have each other's number. Yes,

Speaker 1  1:11:43
please do email too. I want email and phone number. Okay, sounds good. Okay. All right, thanks, dear. All right, go and I will. All right, bye, bye, goodbye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai