Speaker 1  00:00
Hey, my morning has turned into afternoon.

Matthias Miller  00:07
The afternoon is dancing right morning? Yeah,

Speaker 1  00:11
it's the eve of my 60th. So it's just one big Oh yeah, it does, oh yeah, it's a celebration.

Matthias Miller  00:22
Yeah? Yes, yes, yes, yeah.

Speaker 1  00:24
So how are you? I saw your your email drop. I was about to read it when you were calling. Okay,

Matthias Miller  00:32
I just wanted to give you a heads up. So last night, I drafted out an outline and pounded out a first draft, no proofreading. I'm going to have Heidi go through it okay, and she'll catch all of the proofreading errors and all those types of things, so you don't have to worry about that. I, you know, I'm, I don't, I don't even know quite what I think about it, but I think it could be a great

Speaker 1  01:02
experiment. The word Matthias experiment.

Matthias Miller  01:05
So I gotta tell you this. Our local economic director used to work in manufacturing, and I set up a meeting for him tomorrow morning, and I'm getting ready to send this thing over to him, for him to have it look over

Unknown Speaker  01:20
before we meet.

Matthias Miller  01:24
And Dave Kimball, which is the Aerobus guy I was talking to on Monday, basically said he told me at the end of the call. He was like, you have my calendar, Calendly link anytime you need anything, book a call doesn't have to be an hour. I'm like, dude, How's that for an open door? That's

Unknown Speaker  01:43
God Matthias. It

Matthias Miller  01:45
is God. So I am sharing it with him. I want to go back and see I think I might have, I might have one more call left with Well, either way, one way or the other, thinking about having John pancher, take it a look. Take a look over, do a copy review,

Unknown Speaker  02:05
okay,

Matthias Miller  02:07
and and then just start doing LinkedIn messages, maybe running some Facebook ads. See if just do, just do some tests. See if

Speaker 1  02:14
people click do Matthias, because you, until you do what you do, there are no results. Yeah, exactly. You don't know yay or nay until you do what you do and when you do what you do, you better be prepared. And your head off your head.

Matthias Miller  02:33
I'm amped. I'm amped.

Speaker 1  02:36
You should be go for it. Go for it. End the year with the bang, brother, it's been an interesting year. I won't call it horrible, because it's still the year of the Lord. You know, I got to be careful how I talk about it. But yeah, in the year with the bank, yeah, green light. I'm excited. Congratulations. Do it. You got everything in place. Do it, yep. Okay, so I'm going to go and peek at the email, because I saw it when it dropped off the phone. Okay, amen. I just wanted to give you a heads up. Okay, cool. I'm in green, All right, bye, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai