Matthias Miller  00:01
Okay, all right, so where to even start? Because there's so much craziness. Good craziness.

Speaker 1  00:07
Okay, good, cool, that's good. That's the best phrase. That's

Matthias Miller  00:12
the best crazy.

Unknown Speaker  00:15
Yeah, I'll

Matthias Miller  00:16
start with the wild is crazy. So I scheduled a session. I had a session on Friday with Are you familiar with with Margaret nagib?

Unknown Speaker  00:24
I love Margaret, yeah.

Matthias Miller  00:28
So I had my first session with her on Friday.

Speaker 1  00:31
Okay, first ever in life,

Matthias Miller  00:35
their first ever in life, ever in life, okay, it was off the chain. It was amazing.

Matthias Miller  00:47
So, I mean, the huge thing here, and it's, it was almost like, I mean, it's been a lot of the things, it's really, you know, kind of thematically, a lot of things we've been talking about here, but she put words this whole thing of, kind of the cultural value for for inhibition, and, like, a lot of the values, a lot of the values conflicts, and even a lot of the kind of second guessing and other types of things that I've been experiencing, like tying it all together and like and with this whole thing of being, we came up with a new a new acronym, HGF, high gut factor, coupled with, coupled with a super strong intellect and and one of the things that she said was, was it's kind of like, it's Like this dance between the gut and the intellect. And it's like my gut is telling me to go here, and then my intellect says, Oh no, don't. But the more that I listen, the more that I listen to my gut, the less of those kind of jerking, jerking me back happens because, because the gut proves to be correct.

Speaker 1  02:01
The gut is the Holy Ghost. You know that the gut is the, yes, yeah, that is Holy Ghost. Okay.

Matthias Miller  02:09
Well, when, like, okay, and, like, some of that stuff, I because I know there's a strong, prophetic and a strong, like, empathy thing to this and, and, like, I'm, like, but that makes, I mean, that's, it's always clear to me, like, like, which parts what, but it makes sense, yeah. So, so that was huge, and I feel a lot more free.

Unknown Speaker  02:35
Yay, yay. Yay for free. Yay.

Matthias Miller  02:44
And then did tell you about this Princeton grad who is wanting to start a global nonprofit for child for for orphans.

Speaker 1  02:55
I you know what? I remember you talking about a Princeton grad, and I didn't know it was something global for orphans, but I do remember you talking about a Princeton grant.

Matthias Miller  03:06
So this dude came in, acting all spiritual, all prophetic, all that stuff, starting a new business, wanting maybe software for his new business as well, like all this stuff and things went he was able to keep everything into wraps for like, about a month or two. About two or three weeks ago, all kinds of stuff started coming to the surface.

Speaker 1  03:34
Okay, are you saying in regards to who he genuinely is? Yep,

Matthias Miller  03:40
in regards to who he genuinely is. And it turns out, I don't use these terms for a lot of people, but he is genuinely an evil, manipulative man. So I cut off that. But the crazy thing, and it kind of sent me on this journey of like diving into what is manipulation? How does it work? How do people use it? And it's forced me to pull off some layers. And one of the things that's been most eye opening and freeing, and also kind of shocking, and also kind of, it's actually a good bit of, kind of almost like anger with all of this. But seeing how many same tools have been used are being used within the church and even some of them having been used against me,

Speaker 1  04:34
you better you better know it. You better know it. Matthias, you you get down under brother. Okay, I'm listening. Keep talking. Um, so,

Matthias Miller  04:49
I mean, and so, I mean, it's, it's raised. I told my wife the other night, we're talking about her pastor. I'm like, it's really come to the point where I don't trust him.

Unknown Speaker  05:01
Okay, and it's

Matthias Miller  05:03
just like, it's just where I'm at. And part of me is like, I don't know this is sane or not, but I really don't know. I really don't know. I don't know where the line is with it anyway. So like, there's that, there's a whole thing that could kind of impact with that.

Speaker 1  05:17
Okay, um, that's huge. Because of what you're called to do. You have to have discernment on that level, yeah, and so no apology for what God revealed. Know what I'm saying? None, yeah, because he revealed, he said he would never let allow Satan to take us unaware. And we are in the most deceptive time of of Earth right now, Matthias, so, yeah, okay, so I'm listening,

Matthias Miller  05:56
yeah. Well, I think this is a good example of God and Holy Spirit opposing reason and

Speaker 1  06:07
logic, yeah, because faith doesn't make sense and sense doesn't make faith. Matthias, write that down. I know if you've ever Yeah, write that down. Faith doesn't make sense and sense doesn't make faith, yeah, they're polar different.

Unknown Speaker  06:39
And then

Matthias Miller  06:45
and then I'm just like, forgot to get my journal started here, but I gotta go now and then On the work front. So I have been working with we hired this guy full time. We've been working on our software designs together, and it has been the world of difference. We just started a new project about a week ago. He's a great Colby Colby compliment. And anytime I get stuck, it's like, I can throw the ball back to him and be like, I don't know where to go. What do I do? And and we can go back and forth and forth and kind of get unset and keep moving forward. So this is one of those designs. I mean, I'm familiar, I'm really familiar with with the client, what they want to accomplish, but, but we've been able to do this at a whole other level.

Speaker 1  07:36
Wow. Now the word I heard, this word down. This is what I've heard regarding you and him. Synchrony is what, uh huh. What was it? Synchrony, S, Y, n, C, H, R, o, n, y, synchrony, yeah, yeah,

Matthias Miller  08:06
yep. So the crazy thing has been, we're, we're, we're getting ready to make this final pitch. But we did. We did a paid engagement to design a software project. It's our biggest This is a project my brother landed, but it's our biggest project to date. It would be a six figure software project. Should they choose to

Speaker 1  08:32
I'm over here dancing. I'm high five. Are you okay? Okay? And another software

Matthias Miller  08:39
project, and this is one that I landed, so I always like those better because more ends up in my pocket. But there's another one where the people are just chomping at the bit to get started. We gave them a quote when they're chomping at the bit to get started, I need to work with somebody else to get the money moving. But so the sock, well, okay, and then on top of that, this is just like, anyway, how do you make this stuff up? My colleague has somehow landed a a relationship with a $50 million mini barn, storage barn, shed company run by a bunch of 30 something Amish Guys, shut up and they are running at the speed of light like they Whoa, late. And of course, you know this is between you and me, but all the stuff that Perry teaches about building a building a network like, literally, I wouldn't be surprised in five years that they could start just picking up all these little little shops left and right,

Unknown Speaker  09:51
come on.

Matthias Miller  09:52
And so they're running

Speaker 1  09:55
out of everything. It's everything. Oh, you're gonna. Have your own planet, Matthias. We'll have Matthias planet for his children and his children's children. Now, you know me, I'm excited. I wish I could run around, okay, but I'll stay calm, because I want to hear okay.

Matthias Miller  10:20
So he calls me up. He's like, by the way, Ellis, which is my brother, that we've been working a lot, you know, I mean, I've been, we've been working closely together. He's like, he's he's given me such high words for the design work that you do on these systems. I want to bring you in. I want to pay you an hourly rate that makes you happy, and, and, and I'll just let him know it's going to be expensive, because, you know, you can hire one guy, but, but to hire a whole team, it, it you have to play at a whole different level. Come on. And so that's my September.

Speaker 1  10:56
Oh, I love it, birthing. You know, that's nice. That's the month of festation, right? Is

Matthias Miller  11:02
it really?

Speaker 1  11:04
Yeah, nice, yeah, first thing.

Matthias Miller  11:10
And then on top of that, we had this. We had this one guy who, he came to us, he was really skeptical, and I was almost annoyed at him, but, but we he had a tight deadline, and we were able, it was a small project. We were able, able to meet it. And so he's coming back for more. We've consistently

Unknown Speaker  11:34
getting better and better. Okay, we've

Matthias Miller  11:37
consistently told him and invited him. We said, Hey, by the way, if you want to get on the schedule, you're more than welcome to put a down payment on it that you can so that we lock you in. And he's consistently known,

Unknown Speaker  11:49
yep. And so he's got to wait

Matthias Miller  11:53
until, probably going to wait until October, to get his next project started. And so all of this is, like, is starting to put us into just a really solid position. I love it so. And then here's the thing that I don't know what to do with, because I've had this kind of this heart around, you know, I took this Colby certification. I got certified, I am doing a case study with a local department, and they're really interested in I'm basically offering my time in exchange for case study. They're paying for the indexes and so and, you know, focusing on child welfare organizations, state run organizations, most workers last two years. That's about average turnover cost is, I mean, I anyway, I make myself want to pay myself anytime I hear this. But average turnover is, means average turnover is 50% cost of turnover is annual, is one year, annual salary, which means that they're paying, they're paying, is it, see if I have my math right, but they're paying like, 30% more than what they they should be

Unknown Speaker  13:14
okay

Matthias Miller  13:15
because of because of turnover. And so the value proposition is there, one of my friends gave me a word about just trusting, like taking the next open door and each person will lead to the next person. And I definitely have started seeing that play, but I feel like I'm sitting here and, ah, all right, yeah, here it is. It's like, it's like, My heart wants both and yet, and yet, like, part of my heart wants to go out and land my own software projects and like, let's go build this thing up to, you know, whatever. Yeah,

Speaker 1  13:53
yeah. And so, guess what? Matthias, here's, let me tell you a secret. There is a proverb that says a man builds his business before he builds his house, and your heart is always where your house is. Your heart is always there. However, you have to find what's in your heart. You see what I'm saying, yeah, like my heart is to build an economy right in the middle of poverty, yeah, because that's the greatest challenge. No, no, no, no economy, no, no income, no economics, no industry, you know, no business. And so God gave me something that is has smack positioned me to build economy. However, it's not where my heart is, yet it's legitimate. It's not unholy, it's God. And so he's training me. He's training you. Matthias, think about it. God's heart is about us. He could care less about all of what we do. It's he loves Matthias. He loves Vivian and he loves your children. He loves his his image and his likeness, just like you, every dad, majority of dads hearts are to be with their children. They could care less about sitting in somebody's executive office or sitting on top of the world it's like. I'd rather be somewhere playing baseball with my son. However, where he sits the seat of authority that God gave him, affords him to play baseball with his son. You see, we don't sympathize. You don't give up. You don't give up what you love. However you walk in wisdom, to maintain it, to manage it. You see where I'm going. Yeah. So you have to you. You have it's your heart, and you continue to talk to God about your heart. Yet there are things you must need do. Paul, his must need was to go to Samaria. Even though they hated him, they didn't want him there. However, he knew I have to go through Samaria. There are some things we hate Matthias that we're going to have to do. Jesus hated dealing with the Pharisees and the Sadducees. I hated sitting at the table with millionaires that were clueless about the struggle and the heartache and the pain and the destitute and the destitution of people. It's like, oh, oh, sure. Well, I You sure 4 million is enough? And I'm thinking, Well, if you got eight, why don't you give it? Why are you asking really? Come on, Matthias, that's our heart. But we were groomed. We're Joseph. We're in time Joseph, where we gotta be in the palace with Sarah. We don't have to be in bed with him. We don't hear me. We don't have to like them. We don't have to we don't have to want to be around them or desire them. But if they have the resources, we walk it out. We walk it out. Matthias, that's what we do. That's what we do, yeah, so we don't get off go ahead.

Matthias Miller  17:26
Yeah. And so, you know, I mean, two, two years ago, I like, this is, like, I don't even know how to sort all this stuff out. You know, Ian. Ian was so one of my team members who's been the, probably the strongest drive towards kind of the nonprofit sector, okay, ended up getting really busy. He's cut back to per mutual agreement, which has just been an absolute godsend. But he's cut back to only doing sales on the software side, okay, but he and I, he and I, and and one of my business coach from Colorado Springs were kind of two years ago, kind of meeting together and like, and you know, kind of talking about, okay, what's her niche? What focus, where we headed, all these types of things. And, and I know working with entrepreneurs is like this whole other experience. Because, yeah, yeah, just because, just because

Speaker 1  18:28
the nature of the beast, yeah, yep, the nature of the beast.

Matthias Miller  18:36
My business coach is kind of last time we met. I mean, he's not playing at, he's not playing at the level that, I mean, I'm just talking like a local coach. He's not playing at the level of, like, somebody like Perry or somebody like that, okay,

Unknown Speaker  18:51
but he was, he was kind of not in a

Matthias Miller  18:54
negative way, but just kind of putting pressure on his like, well, when are we going to stop going from thing to thing and actually focus on something until we can build it out.

Matthias Miller  19:07
And like part of me, part of me, wants to stop all the marketing that I've been doing around the Colby thing. Okay? And if the software thing is working, I just want to pour fuel on the fire

Unknown Speaker  19:20
and just blow this thing up. Okay?

Matthias Miller  19:24
And, and yet, then there's this flip side of, like, I know that there's an importance that God puts things in our heart for a reason, yeah, and, and there's a fuel that comes because of that. And if you don't have kind of that core motivation or something, it's just waking up. Treachery.

Speaker 1  19:45
Not true, not true. Say, all lies. I need you to say that, but God might tell you why. I have an example. Say, all lies, you need to say that out of your mouth, right? Can you say

Matthias Miller  19:58
that they're all. Five. So, okay, talk to me. Here's

Speaker 1  20:02
the thing, here's the thing. Matthias, I love serving underdeveloped people. Yeah, I could wake up doing it. I could go to sleep doing I could go out doing it. I can come back in however. Underserved people have no money, and they have very little resource. And one of the reasons Father God sends us to underserved people is number one because of the wealth that we care kingdom. You see what I'm saying? Matthias, yeah, yeah. See, we're the kingdom is wealth, all within itself. We the Kingdom needs nothing. We don't have to add anything to the kingdom. We have to be the kingdom. The Kingdom has no need of your resources, my resources, Warren Buffett's resources, the gentleman behind Michael Microsoft, none of the Silicon Valley people. You don't need it. He doesn't need to buy his resources. What he need is people in relationship with Silicon Valley. You hear what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah. People that have the character to manage those type of relationships. And so Matthias, he had me to walk away from a nonprofit that serves African American males and Latina males, um, Latinx, whatever name they're using now, from the age of 18 until whatever age they are, he said, you're done. And I thought, No, I'm not, because the thing was only three years old. That's a baby. So it's time to go. And I had to sit with the executive director, who completely depended on me prophetically, administratively. And I looked him in the eyes, and I said, it's time for me to go. And he looked in my eyes. He said, I know it is this. I knew it was coming. And I said, Guess what? I have no idea what I'm going to do. I was transparent and honest. However, I was obedient to God, and my question to God was, who's going to pay my bills? And he said to me, who's been paying your bills? If you haven't been paying your bills, I'm your provider. And so I let go. That was a year ago, June. I let go, and they're thriving, and I'm thriving. I had to let go. Matthias, do you think Jesus is ready to leave his raggedy disciples when they were clueless, fearful and confused. No, he wasn't. He had to leave. You see what I'm saying? Yeah, he had to lead to step into his position of being at the right hand of the Father, Forever making intercession for us. He couldn't do both, Matthias, yeah, couldn't do both, and neither can we. And there are times when he will say, let that go and and we let it go, yes, we put we make sure things are in order, and we do the best we can for the transition. Matthias, God does that over and over and over again. Paul had to let go of his full blown but blood bought identity. He was a Sadducee of his Sadducees and affairs or fantasy, but he had to walk away. Yeah, that's real, and it's okay, and I need that to come out of your mouth. It's okay, it's okay, it's okay. You're amazing. Go ahead. Talk to me. Talk to me. Talk to me.

Matthias Miller  24:19
You know, I am loyal to a fault.

Matthias Miller  24:28
All this stuff, all this stuff. Personally, I have no like, I think the more that we talk, oh, sorry, where to even go with this? Help me? Jesus, if I were to remove my coach from this situation and be like, you know, basically say, Look, I've really enjoyed working with you. I really need to this is nothing against you personally. It's just kind of where I'm at working with other individuals. I.

Unknown Speaker  25:00
And, you know, etc, um,

Matthias Miller  25:06
then and I take and he is out of the picture, then suddenly, 90% of the reason to go down this specific direction is gone.

Unknown Speaker  25:19
Okay, um, can.

Matthias Miller  25:25
And in my mind, it's like, I mean, I still don't know what to do with all these things that are in

Speaker 1  25:31
my heart. You give up to God. Matthias and God leads us. We don't lead God. He in Psalm 84 he gives us the desire of our hearts. In other words, he puts it in there is that Psalm 84 Proverbs, three, I'm confused one of them. Okay, yeah. Which one?

Unknown Speaker  26:08
Take a look.

Unknown Speaker  26:10
Yeah, let's take

Unknown Speaker  26:20
a look at Psalm 37

Unknown Speaker  26:23
Okay, Psalm 37 it's one of them. There might be others.

Matthias Miller  26:28
Delight yourself in the Lord and He will give you the desires of your heart.

Speaker 1  26:31
Yes, yes. Proverbs, I think, in Proverbs three. What is Proverbs? Three? Say,

Matthias Miller  26:39
let me take a look.

Speaker 1  26:41
Yeah, because it is ringing in my head.

Matthias Miller  27:00
The wise shall inherit glory. Here, let me pull up English standards. I can actually read it

Unknown Speaker  27:10
talks about

Matthias Miller  27:12
steadfast love and faithfulness. Let not them forsake you. Bind them around your neck. Trust in the Lord, He will make straight your paths. Be healing to your flesh, refreshment. To your bones. Honor the Lord with your wealth and your barns we fill with plenty, your bats bursting with wine. Blessed is one who finds wisdom, tree of life to those who lay hold of wisdom.

Speaker 1  27:41
I'm not sure I'm going there. It says I'm looking in Proverbs three. Now my son, do not forget my teaching, but keep my commands in your heart that they will prolong your life many years and bring you peace and prosperity. Let love and faithfulness ever lead you. Bind them around your neck, write them on the tablet of your heart and a good name in the sight of God and man, trust in the Lord with all your heart. There it is, five lean not on your own understanding in all your ways, submit to Him, and He will make your path straight. That's I'm hearing for you, dear, you. Matthias, you don't know how not to trust God, sir. You're a man of faith. You'll never give yourself credit for that. You are Man. Matthias, hold on. One second. That's my sister. One second. Okay, thanks. You.

Speaker 1  29:00
Thank you, brother. So that was what I was. Your choice is not in yourself ever. It's in the Lord. He wrote that desire on your heart, sir, you were born with it. Can't get rid of it. You can't get rid of him. Matthias, yeah, so it's going to be with you until you see Jesus, because that's, that's what you're called to do. However, dear did not Paul. Did not Paul make sense, because he want people in his face talking about money. Yeah. He made tents when it's with his own hands. And he bragged about it over and over again at the different churches. He said, Listen, I haven't asked any of you for anything Yes. And he talked about himself making tent. Here's the thing. Name Holy Ghost wrote the Bible, the Word of God, tells us don't build your business. I mean, don't build your house until you build your business. But we do it so backwards Matthias, and then there's this crazy struggle, and then God's gotta deliver us. Get us out of the cobwebs, get us out of our ignorance, get us out of all the stuff we thought we were to do, and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, get just all the culture off of us. Because even now, I refuse to be an American. Right now, I am utterly embarrassed, and I just do I'm going straight African. I'm just telling you, what's your what's your nationality, Matthias,

Matthias Miller  30:49
German is probably the closest thing

Speaker 1  30:52
Brother, brother. You need to go, you need to go German, or you whatever, whatever's in Atlantic. Just bomb America till we get it together. We got, we got some major issues. All of our sins are manifesting. Matthias, yeah, yeah, all the monsters we've created are

Matthias Miller  31:17
and you all about Switzerland, how's that sound?

Speaker 1  31:19
Yeah, you could be the Navy and Brother, if you take your pick, take your pick. Matthias, I'm African, and I would like to be that. Okay, when Africans see me, they some of them say, I'm not Algerian. They say, Oh, it's, oh my god. It's a very tiny country. I kept announcing, right now, it's not on my but one guy, he looked at me, and I was looking at myself, because I'm like, Oh my God. He said, Are you whatever? And I say, I don't know, because I don't but it was, it was in the bloodline somewhere to do the ancestry.com because there is one, and it tells you what tribes are in your lineage. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We'll have to do that from my niece and my nephew once I get mine done? Okay? So you can see what nations you have in your house. Yep. So Matthias, no, there is no law against you putting anything on the back burner, because it's just like, I'll give you an example, your wife and your children. You love them, yep, the reason you do what you do is because you love them, right? For sure, the time you're investing your sweat, your your sweat equity, your your time, your your intellect, all who you are, well, guess what? The same baby that you don't want to detach with has, has specific needs, specific provisions. So I can't sit in the house with this baby. I got to go into the world and put my faith to work and say, Hold on. I love you. I know you're going to Harvard or Yale or Rutgers or wherever, but I got to go out here and do this. I can't be here with you. 24/7, you see that? You see the picture? Yeah, that's it. Yeah, that's it, guys, I will slap you back into the marketplace running and so you're getting ready to nurse anybody? Do you understand me? I I got you? Yes, I will. You would say no, Vivian, I gotta deal with her. No, I'm gonna stay out here. I'm gonna make this thing work. I'm gonna grow this thing to live the green you know, ain't nobody playing with you. Matthias, yeah,

Matthias Miller  34:07
all right, so I gotta say this yet, one of the crazy story, like, you can't make this stuff up again, my brother again. This is, like, in full confidence. You know who you would even tell it to you? I don't, I don't

Unknown Speaker  34:22
know, but nobody. I can't tell it to anybody

Matthias Miller  34:26
but God, but the the long story, there was a father son that that we all worked for a long time ago. They had a fight, they separated, and they came back together, and the son said, we can work together, but I'm going to own the rights to all the software. And that's what they did, and they worked together for many years. The father passed away. Son's like, I want a retirement for my wife and I, I don't have to want to think about, you know, our bills. And so we've been developing on his platform at like, a 3% royalty, which is just stupid cheap, but. It. He called it. He called it my brother, and he said, I would like to assign the rights to this software to you for a 3% royalty, as long as my wife and I are alive, shut up. And it's like, this is like a this is enterprise software that's used by in departments, you know, like Standard Poor's, Nuveen, like PNC, big things on their bond management software. And it's like, it's over a million lines of code. It's a it's, it's a robust database platform. It's just like, and he's worked, he's worked for him for a long time and and it's, it's clearly about sonship, not about he wants to go make buckets of money off the ice. Yeah. But there's just another story where God's favor has unexpectedly been poured out on this thing.

Speaker 1  35:54
Unexpectedly, Matthias repent. Okay, yeah, go ahead, yeah,

Matthias Miller  36:09
all right, I'll change that anyway. I just had to throw that out. And so I guess what I'm hearing, what, what I'm hearing from you, is kind of like this, there's this, like this last shred of resistance from, um, oh, man, it's just the unraveling of a journey. But I went from,

Speaker 1  36:28
and you know what, Matthias, it's all good, it's okay. Everything is on. Keep talking. Yep.

Matthias Miller  36:34
Maybe it's the unraveling from all the burnout and all the frustration, all the even manipulation from years in a role where people were hugely mismanaging people, to trying to sort out the uncovering the entrepreneurial spirit and covering the need for the desire for marketing. And actually ended up what I have now is a sales and marketing company for my brother's software business, which really is my MO and my interest right there, but the Colby and I know you gave, gave me this word a long time ago, which kind of planted the seed, but taking the Colby certification if you're looking for purpose in the midst of it, not that it needs to be justified, but if you're looking for purpose in the midst of it, the purpose there was simply uncovering the deep need that I have to work with somebody like Tim, yeah, throwing it in my face and and giving me confidence to move ahead with that. And yeah, and stand. And it's the unraveling of all of these questions of life, purpose and identity, and I don't even know what all,

Speaker 1  37:42
and you know what, and you're right in the center of the will of God. Please write that down. Matthias, do you do? You know manure grows things. Know that I could use the word, but I don't the stinky and the stinkier, the better, the more potent. Okay, awesome, great. Isn't that great? That sugar, honey, I see grows. Isn't that great? I love it. I love it. And the more sugar, honey, tea, honey, I see you got some more stuff. It's gonna grow. Matthias, that's a fine. Baby is growing, okay,

Speaker 1  38:36
brother, when you get bored, when you and I know, and I'm big on audio Bible. I want you to listen to the story of Joseph. It is one of the saddest stories, one of the greatest men that ever lived. Then if you really, you know, can't sleep at night. I want you to listen to the story of yours truly, David, and then, you know, I want you to listen to the story of Moses, all the great leaders, Matthias, none of them, none of them, came out of everything going right, brother, things went so wrong in Joseph's life from the hand of blood relative, okay, yeah. Things went so long. I'm from, I'm talking about Joseph and then David. Yeah, things went so long. Saul set his behind on the throne for 16 years. That's garbage.

Matthias Miller  39:44
I mean, I've been thinking.

Unknown Speaker  39:45
I was actually

Matthias Miller  39:49
thinking about, those are good things. I'm writing them down. Been thinking about David recently, especially kind of what I've been processing with with, you know, with our church and pastor and church situations. Jump went down a year ago and all that stuff. And I thought of David, but both of those guys dealt with extreme manipulation and deception, and it was almost like they had to, they had to fight that first. And that was, that was one of the there's, there's a there's a word right there.

Speaker 1  40:18
Yeah. Yeah. That was their Goliath. Wow. You tearing them up, brother, you whooping Goliath behind and his brothers, however many more, want to jump in the fight. Do you understand me? Matthias, yeah, yeah. And you want every Goliath that comes your way, brother, because they got the goods. They got the spoils. You don't run or tell from one Goliath that shows up, because then they see the power of God, because David, who is this ungodly Philistine, and that's what has made you angry. And nothing gets us moving like being angry. True. That's true. God said, get angry, but don't sin. So he want us to get mad. I want

Unknown Speaker  41:19
you to get mad. Yeah.

Speaker 1  41:30
Wow, get it done.

Speaker 1  41:41
You're the one. There isn't another. Matthias, there wasn't two. David there wasn't two. Joseph there wasn't two. Moses there wasn't two. Jesus, come on. Matthias, it's God, yes. Don't apologize. You. Apologize.

Speaker 1  42:08
I'm excited after I got to refreshment too. I'm excited this craziness. Yeah, it is. And we are the generation that God wanted in the earth in this chaotic, ridiculous time because he knew I got some sons that will work it. I got some funds that'll make it happen. I got some sons that aren't afraid. I got some sons they love me more than any of these. Yeah, get in that fight and don't you come out until you win. Yeah, this is about dominating the earth, Matthias, and once we dominate, we won't need none for process. True, because we don't bring other people with us, Matthias, we going to develop other people we supposed to have the wealth. Wealth is not a sin, it's what I do with it. Wealth is not a sin, it's of God, Matthias. And everybody that works those principles, they win, and everybody that don't, they lose. We're not, we don't get it twisted. I'm working some principles right now. Matthias, I'm making like, $500 $500 bonuses every week. Matthias, $750 so you think I'm a play? No, yeah, I'm handling the business because I'm supposed to handle the business, because I'm the one who's going to make sure other people getting you're a gatekeeper. You're a gatekeeper of wealth. Matthias, no surprise, millionaires and billions is coming to you. Man, give me your 3% little give me your three Thank you. 3% watch what I do with it. Yeah, yeah, that's where our Matthias work it. I love it. This is so good. Yeah. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  44:24
it's also testimony day. So we made an offer. We asked the guy we brought on full time. He said, By the way, this is barely a livable wage, you know, you know, very graciously, just brought it up, made him an offer. Said, Look, we think, we think this is what you're worth, or this is, this is we feel good paying you this. And he came back, as long as you're willing to make a one year commitment, and we'll we actually signed a two year lease on a on an office for a one year commitment from an employee. Nice.

Unknown Speaker  45:01
It, and he wrote back. This

Matthias Miller  45:05
just makes me want to cry. But anyway, he wrote back and said, By the way, this is like, way more. I mean, this like beyond what my wife and I scheduling. This is enough to have extra to put away, and it's been so healing to work for you.

Speaker 1  45:17
Oh Messiah, and that's what it is. You're a businessman who's a man of God. That's the order, Matthias order. That's the order God is positioning to do what people refuse to do for you. Matthias, Yes, God Yes, God Yes, yes. Matthias handle your business. So that's it, that's all. And you got seven more coming like him, that you'll be in position financially to do handle your business. Build an economy. Matthias, you have the relationship. Build an economy. Not a doggone church. You are the church. It's a church. Man, building the economy. Get on my face. No, I'm not sitting on the Pew anymore. I'm not looking inside buddy head, because you got a word. Go out into the street and let's see if your word work miracles. I'm done. I'm telling you, Matthias God has shut it, shut it down and send everybody home because he like, Ah, stop his clothes. Dominate the Earth. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's who you are. Don't play this church game. You're a man of God. Who God is ready to open the heavens, he's already in the heavens, and shower down on you so you can shower on others, brother, and you're a young gunner. Write that down. Vivian said, I'm a young gunner. I saw a colonel, I saw a general. Okay, I didn't see a punk. Matthias, and you're done with people punking you? Yeah, yes, yes, yes, it's time, and yes, it's the answer, and I'm cheering you on, and I'm standing on the sidelines, and I'm saying, oh, Matthias, and every time you look my way, I'm gonna have a double barrel in your face. You better get back out. Right? You know how? You know how Coyote, how they eat. I got a double girl and Elmer Fudd, I got a double door right up your nose. Every time you look back, I'd rather face the future and face this double girl. Shotgun, they didn't get up my nose.

Speaker 1  48:20
You got to do it nice. You have the love you have, the clean hands and the pure heart. Man of God, just keep your hands clean, honey. Yeah, that's all. And make and make it. Make it. Do it. Matthias, you the one, and I'm excited. I'm excited. I'm super hallelujah. I'm super excited. I'm standing with you. Matthias, you look back what's looking up your nose.

Matthias Miller  49:01
Double barrel gun. That's it.

Speaker 1  49:05
And you gotta make a choice. You gotta get my face blown off, or I turn around do what I'm supposed

Matthias Miller  49:18
Oh, my goodness,

Unknown Speaker  49:20
yeah.

Matthias Miller  49:23
Sometimes I wish I could take my younger self and set him in these conversations and let him know he's

Speaker 1  49:38
in for with you. Okay. Mm, you're a grown man with how many kids? Five, five kids and a wife, no brother. You gotta keep it moving. Yeah, yeah, no. Turning back. Lot's wife turned around. Know, look back, turn into a pillar of salt. In other words, she was good for nothing. Yeah, that's not I'm talking to. Yeah, it's done. It's done. We we worship. It's done. We get her done. Yeah, and you better have this kind of news every time we talk. Are you in trouble? Don't want to deal with them after I put up your nose. You know where I'm gonna put it next? Right? I'm gonna start with your nose. And, yeah, I just need to keep you. Need to keep sign saying, I know when you do this, they're gonna say, why? Cuz they're let me tell y'all, it's somebody they got a dope girl shotgun waiting on me. I'm not about to fool with them. I'm telling you, Matthias, you don't want to deal with me, not on that level. You know it, not on that level. So have at it, brother, your expectation is for favor to slap you every day, when, when, when Job was going through, what he was going while one was finished talking another one, oh, they done, stole the cows. All they done did. Well, that's how your blessings are coming, the way he got his evil report. That's how your blessing. That's your position in God Matthias walk in it. I worship in it, Matthias, worship in it, worship laughing it. Sing in it, laughing it. That's your Father's Will for your lives and your children and your children's children. Matthias, yeah, it's well,

Unknown Speaker  52:22
yeah, it's here. Wow,

Matthias Miller  52:27
yeah, I have a few things to put into order. It's just so good.

Speaker 1  52:36
It's God, it's so God. Matthias, he got you. He brought you all the way. Is it Colorado? Yep, yep, from Colorado to Chicago, this little girl from the ghetto to grab you by your collar

Unknown Speaker  52:57
and drag you to your destiny. Yeah. God's ways have had finding out he'll choose the foolish things. Matthias, we don't know who those babies are in your house, but God knows them by name, Matthias, and

Speaker 1  53:18
when you look in their faces, you rejoice and you give God glory and honor for the favor he gave them, an awesome father, Matthias, who loves them for real. When they see you, they see God, and keep that in your hearts, and you've got to be everything. God designed you to be none everything man designed you to be because there is a god man, and there is a man made man, and we want no parts of it. Matthias, we want no part. I celebrate you and your wife and your children, I'm in for the long haul. This is not a dew drop in. I'm in for the long haul. I want to see you across the finished line, sir. And it's well, it's well, it's well, it's well, all the way from Colorado, uh huh, to Chicagoland area. Because the stuff that God has from us for us is all over the world, Matthias, it's not even in our neighborhood. It's not even we have to step out of us. Adam was not ahead spinning. You won't be either.

Matthias Miller  54:50
I gotta jump in here. I like so much stuff, so and I just at least, I gotta get it down on the recording so I still. Keep it. I felt like there was a big piece. I feel like

Speaker 2  55:07
my natural instinct wants to do it tomorrow, but I think Monday is actually the time to do it, Monday morning to block out and revamp

Matthias Miller  55:18
my direction and get, get the marketing, get some of these marketing fundamentals to really put fuel on the fire for the software.

Unknown Speaker  55:35
And do it Matthias.

Matthias Miller  55:38
And there was, there was hesitation with, with the, you know, feeling like I need to get permission from from the coaching program that I'm in, and

Unknown Speaker  55:49
realizing, no, you realize

Matthias Miller  55:53
that so many times, and this is just like how I live. I mean, this is like being led by the Holy Spirit, but sometimes you just have to follow it, follow him, and then point to the evidence and tell people what you're doing. Once you have the evidence

Speaker 1  56:06
come on that the word unbelievers need a sign Matthias,

Matthias Miller  56:14
so I think, yeah, this is true. So I feel like this is getting really practical. But I feel like tomorrow morning I'm actually supposed to be working on this is backwards, but I think it's right, some organic posts for on the software side, because I have some other things scheduled that doesn't actually need to be done.

Unknown Speaker  56:41
Then I and

Matthias Miller  56:45
in my conversation with I have a guy that we've been I've been doing accountability with. It's been really challenging to

Unknown Speaker  56:53
schedule with him,

Matthias Miller  56:56
partially because I have my coach that I meet with on Fridays, but I think Friday when we meet, I'll talk it through with him and make it be our last time, because we're not in a formal kind of coaching contract at this point.

Unknown Speaker  57:13
Okay? And

Matthias Miller  57:17
Dear Jesus, that kind of rips my heart out, but it's the right thing to do.

Unknown Speaker  57:21
Okay?

Matthias Miller  57:31
And I've had it in my mind. I don't know where to go with this. Jesus, help me here too. John fanter has been on my mind the last few days as well. And I thought it might have been connected with a Colby, but this is the route that we're going. There's another reason that he's been on my mind as well. Okay,

Speaker 1  57:56
walk it out. Walk it out. Matthias, no, just walk it out and see what it is, walk it out.

Matthias Miller  58:05
And I think the way to walk it out with send them an email instead of the time and talk. It could be. It could be swiss army knife with him, or it could be the other thing is a sales letter, because I have a absolutely,

Unknown Speaker  58:22
you know this. You

Matthias Miller  58:24
know it for yourself, crazy story. If you had the right storyteller, it would just yeah, a wildly entertaining tale,

Unknown Speaker  58:30
yeah,

Speaker 2  58:34
and a great way to build trust. I don't know what it is yet, and so my question is,

Matthias Miller  58:43
is this I even with this accountability guy with a schedule conflict, I'm feeling like we're not the right fit, like I have my team, I have all this other stuff, and I would love to have somebody to connect with, but

Unknown Speaker  58:58
I Don't know why.

Unknown Speaker  59:00
It's just that the right guy

Speaker 1  59:02
and let him go. Let him go so the right one can show up. Yeah, hands off. I can't. Hands off for the right one to manifest. That's how you do it. You make room, you make room,

Unknown Speaker  59:21
and then

Matthias Miller  59:24
on the dynamind, the Kathy Colby side, Jesus Give me wisdom on that too, because maybe that's gonna, I mean, that's for sure, gonna look different than I had a thought. Anyway, I think that's, I think that's most of the practical stuff that I had to get out of my head. I just felt like, like all this stuff. Was like, pushing on me to to get there's practice, there's there really is some practical walking out with this stuff.

Speaker 1  59:51
Oh yeah, oh yeah. And you don't know what it is until you walk it out. You got to walk it out. Matthias. Yeah, and then, no, there's no code. No, you can't keep it up there. You gotta, it's gotta come out. It has to be extracted. Never, never, never do that. Extract it and see what's happening. See what it is. Yeah, you have permission to do that. And then we'll have something to talk about, because then you've made room for God to do something. I'm not talking. You don't have nothing to talk about. Matthias, and you know what I'm saying. We're not talking.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:35
Yeah, there anything else the newsletter needs to be. Wow.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:44
Are you writing notes? Are you? Are

Matthias Miller  1:00:45
you? Yeah, I'm like, I'm rearranging my calendar and writing notes as we go here. I

Unknown Speaker  1:01:00
um, all right,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:15
I think that's, I think that's it,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:18
okay. I now you,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:26
yeah, I do, I do.

Speaker 1  1:01:28
We need to pray. We're going to pray before we get off this tongue, and you lead us. All right.

Matthias Miller  1:01:38
Well, wow, Jesus. Thank you for giving, giving permission to

Speaker 1  1:01:44
follow business wholeheartedly, yes, for

Matthias Miller  1:01:50
taking, cutting off these chains that I've or these weights that I've unintentionally picked up. Yeah, they served a purpose for a time, but they're not for now anymore. And you're setting me up to be free to run. Yeah, and and I just, I open. I opened my life again. It just continued deeper again, all over again. Yeah, to your wisdom on how to walk this out. I know there's more pieces that you want to reveal to me here, and I'm not sure, but you're going to show show me what it is, yeah, and thank you that I don't have to force doors open, but that you're going to

Unknown Speaker  1:02:35
go before me. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:02:40
God, I pray for I know you've been giving this. I just pray for it to continue to increase levels of discernment against distraction. Yes, and relationships that should not be in my life. Yes, people that should not have an influence, people I should not do business with.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:59
Yes,

Unknown Speaker  1:03:07
wow,

Matthias Miller  1:03:10
you're breaking yet another layer of this ministry idolatry that's been put on me. Yeah, coming off. There's another layer, whole other layer, that's coming off in a whole other way. Yeah, it's going to let me show up in a way, in the in the marketplace, to absolutely dominate. Yes, you made me to be number one.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:35
Yes, you did. Wow. Thank you, Chief.

Matthias Miller  1:03:46
I'm here and I'm seeing whatever being strapped to a rocket ship.

Speaker 1  1:03:54
And you know what? My shotgun doesn't fit in space, so that means he's getting you out of my reach. Wow, that's powerful. Matthias live there. Don't come down. If you come down, you got to look at my shotgun in your nose. That's a mother, like, no, no, we gotta go higher. Did we get away? We gotta go higher. I

Matthias Miller  1:04:27
gotta get you some kind of bungee cord so that you're not far behind me.

Speaker 1  1:04:33
Yep. All I gotta do is book and I'm there. Like, Oh, okay, we gotta go higher. Oh. Matthias, I am so excited. Wow, I am so happy for you. No looking back, brother, there's no back to look to, okay, oh, my goodness no, back to look to this. So good. No, yes, it is your. God loves you. He loves you. Thank you. Father, beloved my brother, Matthias, beloved his wife, his children and his children's children, so that I broke us up. Thank you for what you're doing in his lineage, Father, thank you for what you're doing with his heart, with his mind, with his will, with his emotions. Father, thank you. Father, that your anointing, that breaks every yoke of bondage is resting upon him now. Father, Matthias I decree and declare Isaiah, chapter 11 over you, where God says his spirit of wisdom, His spirit of knowledge, his spirit of understanding, his spirit of the fear of the Lord, is resting upon you. Matthias, he said, You will smite the earth with the rod of your mouth. Matthias, you will walk in reverential fear of God, you will fear not to go forth and what God has called you to do. Man of God. Man break. God has need of you. He has untied you so that he can dominate in the marketplace, in the free world. Do you hear me? Matthias, yeah, yeah, it's Christ in you, yeah, yes, yes. You don't have to apologize for God living big and you die no more Palala, cast on blue she limba bakasa, a man and a man in Jesus name it is so, so it is Matthias, it is so

Unknown Speaker  1:06:57
under your business, Do what you got to do and do it quick,

Speaker 1  1:07:04
yeah. And all you got to do, just text me. VIV you got, you know, like you did before this, whatever day fits in your schedule. Matthias, I'm flexible. Okay. Is

Matthias Miller  1:07:21
there? Is there a I'm doing better now that, I mean, sometimes I do better if I kind of have have a rhythm, okay. Is there a day of week that's usually better for you?

Speaker 1  1:07:37
Today is Wednesday? Matthias, I would say today is good. Wednesday is good, okay, Wednesday is a good day because that whatever I need to get done. I get it done. I can get it done, Monday, Tuesday, and then Wednesday, I start settling down. So Wednesday is a good day for me. Are Fridays good at all or not? Fridays are good as well. Wednesdays and Fridays, all right? And even if in these evenings, because evenings are good for me, because, you know, I have valor, my, my He's four now he just made four on Monday, my three year old, my four year old, great nephew, so I have him from seven in the morning till five. So he's wound down. Now he's taking his nap, you know, so that three is a great time for me. And anything after, yeah, because the only thing I would have to do, I have to get him to his mom. His mom usually gets here about 530 and I have to take him, you know, downstairs to her. But otherwise, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:08:41
I wonder if, and I like having it at this time, because if there's something that I want to process afterward, but I wonder about having it maybe start more on, like Friday afternoons

Unknown Speaker  1:08:58
and about

Unknown Speaker  1:09:02
three, let's see, was three year time to my time.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:10
And I

Matthias Miller  1:09:12
mean, does it sound good to just put it on the calendar for the fourth I'll invite you to it, and we'll just do every other and we can, I'll try to touch base with you the week before, just to make sure that it's good for both of us. And we can

Speaker 1  1:09:23
Yeah, and then text it to me, and then I'll put it on my calendar as well.

Matthias Miller  1:09:30
Okay. Can I mean, if I invite you, it'll also

Speaker 1  1:09:36
Okay, or I'll give it a shot. Okay, yeah, we can do that, and then it's a set time, yeah, all right, all right. I'm excited, brother. Listen, it's either the double barrel or it's good news. Those are your choices.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:07
Sorry. What was that I said? Either it's going to be the double barrel or I'm going to dance and sing and worship regarding the good news, those only two, you don't have any other choice.

Matthias Miller  1:10:25
Yeah. And I'm thinking, I'm making it. I'm making a poster with a this is completely facetious, with a pile of manure, and it's going to say something, yeah, yeah. Something's about to grow.

Speaker 1  1:10:40
Oh yeah, oh yeah, sometimes, oh yeah, yeah, but it's happening. Yeah, it's a little stinky, but it's happening.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:54
Okay, all right, awesome. Appreciate

Speaker 1  1:10:56
it, yeah, no problem. I love you guys. Blessings on you. You're blessed when you rise, you're blessed when you sit down, you're blessed when you go out, you're blessed when you come back in. You're just one blessed man of God. Matthias, truth, that's it. Love you guys and blessings on you, and I look forward to our next

Speaker 2  1:11:19
conversation. Yes, Blessings to you too. Appreciate it. Thank

Speaker 1  1:11:24
you. I received them. Okay, talk to you as we go. All right. Sounds good, okay, all right, okay.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai