Matthias Miller  00:00
Big man and Amen,

Speaker 1  00:02
every day is better. Okay, okay, but you're resting, right? Yeah, I am,

Matthias Miller  00:10
well, resting and making ads. So I'm not sure where that falls.

Speaker 1  00:20
So how is it going? Matthias, like, what is that about? Help me understand.

Matthias Miller  00:25
So this is, this is working with, working to get some Facebook ads for on the software side and and I've been walking through a process to test different hooks for getting people's attention, okay, and And so basically, instead of, this is like, instead of, instead of going with what you think it should be, looking what people respond to, and then line up. It's, it's a lineup online precept upon preset the building, building out the the opt in page and and the offer based off of the exact offer based off of that. Okay, so I have done other, I've done I've done some other Facebook advertising, but it's all been brutally ineffective, okay, and, and so this is like, one of those approaches that feels so incredibly um, really congruent, okay, because the engineer in me knows that I'm building a system, and the brainstorming side of me can brainstorm, and I can try stuff out, and I can get feedback, and I found that find out in Less than a day, whether that message resonates or not, okay. And the big shift for me was, was the mindset shift of that taking small steps almost like taking small steps forward will lead me off track. Okay, somehow it'll but getting that kind of out of my head and being willing to just take these small steps and tests and see what they respond to, yeah, really, really helpful. And learning, learning some good things along the way, and then, and then, rather than trying to put a lot of money behind a message that doesn't work, you can tell right away that they don't really care about that.

Speaker 1  02:46
Okay, and so have, are you having fun with it? Yes, I am good. That's important. That's fun part.

Matthias Miller  02:54
I mean, what I want to do, you know me, like, I mean, okay, so like, part of what I want to do is like, Okay, this is awesome. Like, like, how can I get paid to do this experimentation for other people

Unknown Speaker  03:10
that's thinking on your feet, brother,

Matthias Miller  03:14
because honestly, this is like, Yeah, this is tremendously valuable.

Speaker 1  03:22
We've I've spent, I've tested

Matthias Miller  03:27
just on one audience, which is targeted towards people who express an interest in NetSuite, which is a major player in the space. Okay, I've spent under $200 with 50 different ads, okay? And based off of that, have been able to tell tell which ones are clear winners. Which ones are, you know, up in the air, but pretty close, and then which ones are definite losers.

Speaker 1  03:57
That is so cool. Matthias, so is this your first time using this type of method? Is this the first time? Okay, okay, yeah, that's cool. And so once you like, you hit those marks where you know this is hitting. This is, this is a good aim. We're in the vicinity of where you're trying to go. What do you do with that particular advertisement? So then you use,

Matthias Miller  04:31
use that to drive it to a web page, and you start testing headlines and see which headlines people

Unknown Speaker  04:38
people go for. Okay?

Matthias Miller  04:41
And then once you've got, I mean, at that point, you're pretty close to, well, once you once you have headlines, the end, you've got people converting at a good rate. So you got leads signing up. Then, then the next step, if you can, is, what is a. Low ticket offer that you can give them, and if you can get good enough conversion rates on that, then you you can build your self funded marketing machine.

Speaker 1  05:10
Oh, wow, wow.

Matthias Miller  05:14
Say that you pay 20 right. Now, the cheapest one I got was like 25 cents a click. But let's say it's up to 50 so let's say 25 to 50 cents to get somebody to click. And at a minimum, you have a let's say 20% of the people who click opt in. So you're paying two $2.50 for every opt in. Okay? And then, let's just say one out of every four actually buys the product. So you would need to be able to sell have an average, you know, you have to have a $10 offer on the back end. Well, you know, you probably make it. You want to make it more than that, but okay, have an offer like that on the back end. And if one out of, you know, one out of five opt in, and one out of four buy the product, or whatever it is, then you can, you can self liquidate the marketing.

Speaker 1  06:18
Okay, okay, so you wouldn't need it. You would do your own.

Matthias Miller  06:23
So then, yeah, so then, so then, basically the money that I make selling, whatever that low ticket thing is, would pay for the marketing and and, and, and. So essentially, at that point it becomes free leads,

Unknown Speaker  06:40
okay, for the software. Okay, cool.

Matthias Miller  06:46
And maybe it's more than, I mean, maybe it's better than, better than self liquidating. Maybe it's actually making, I mean, even better to make money off of that. But

Unknown Speaker  06:56
either way, but it's, it's a good start. It's,

Matthias Miller  06:59
it's a good start. And it's line upon line, precept upon precepts, instead of going off the rails, off crazy, like

Speaker 1  07:09
in the ozone somewhere, and then, yeah, somebody drag you back, because you just spend so much money. Yeah? Like, then usually the motivation like, whoa. Wait a minute. You know, especially that question you were asking about Office suite, and that was good Matthias, because then, if nothing else, it's good therapy, you know, for people that really need to get some stuff off their chance and that that's a message within itself too, now that that's a educator as well. Where you you getting some sense of what's really going on with that particular spouse winner, you know, yeah, and it wouldn't it be nice to go back to them and share your statistics?

Matthias Miller  07:56
Yes, it would be nice

Speaker 1  08:00
to say, Hey, I did a I did an experiment. You know how it is that's pretty much how poachers do they they put a sample out there. They put some type of assessment to say, You guys are really missing the mark. And nobody want to hear that Matthias, even though it's an honest assessment of life. Like, Hey, you guys are missing it. Let me tell you how. And here's the evidence, sir. That's a that's a whole nother market, Matthias, especially if you have the time to play around with it.

Matthias Miller  08:33
That's interesting, yeah,

Speaker 1  08:37
to do samples of stuff and then go back to the owner of it and say, Hey, we did this random whatever, be it a survey or whatever language you want to put to it. And these are results, and they and imagine when they don't have anybody doing that

Matthias Miller  08:56
well, and you could do it. I mean, you could do it for the big guys. I mean, okay, for the corporate people, you can, you can target them that way. But for the little guys, you can, you could do it by industry,

Speaker 1  09:09
yeah, so, I

Matthias Miller  09:12
mean, you could say, hey, roofers, you know what's up, what consumers want. I can tell you right here, make this promise. I mean, we might not even outright tell I mean, well, okay. I mean, yeah,

Speaker 1  09:29
you don't know where to lead you because it's leading you somewhere you really don't know.

Matthias Miller  09:33
No, I don't know. But then the next natural step is, hey, roofers, you want to know what promises they they really want you to make, and then they raise their hands for that. We're like, well, by the way, we can help you make these

Speaker 1  09:51
promises a whole nother world of living that's a whole nother world that it's and it. A new a brave new world. You know, it's a new frontier, especially if they don't have something like that in place, yeah? Which I'm sure they don't.

Matthias Miller  10:10
Yeah, there's a lot of them that don't have almost nothing like that in place,

Speaker 1  10:14
yeah? So let this extra interesting experiment take you somewhere that you didn't know you were going.

Matthias Miller  10:23
So one of the things that we could do, one of the ideas I did have, I didn't entertain, is set up a page, you know, do something like, set up a Facebook page, something really generic, like, like, you know, DFW roofing, or chicago roofing or Colorado roofing, or whatever, whatever it is, set up a website and start getting leads. And all you have to do once you've got that is post in the contractors group and say, Hey guys, I've got hot leads for these guys. Yeah, you wanna and, and and you can hand them off to them and, and it won't take you long before you've got eager buyers wanting to, wanting to get a campaign set up for themselves.

Unknown Speaker  11:10
Exactly. That's a thought, and don't lose it. Yeah, because when we're multifaceted, the better. So that's how corporations manifest. Maybe they begin to do their own everything.

Unknown Speaker  11:37
Yeah, not a bad idea. And have fun. Yeah, exactly, and mask and and milk this hamstring pool for everything you can get out of

Speaker 1  12:03
you gotta be stationary. Make it pay, make a benefit. We don't know. Don't know. You say you get out there and do it.

Speaker 1  12:30
How much are domains going for these days?

Matthias Miller  12:33
Oh, you can get one for like, 10 bucks. Okay, 10 bucks a year. I don't know if this one's a, you know,

Speaker 1  12:42
it's worth it, because you're experimenting, you're in the lab. Yeah, yeah. Might

Matthias Miller  12:54
take a little bit to find one. That's

Speaker 1  13:01
what stands out to you in the sense of creating what by title? Well,

Matthias Miller  13:12
what I was looking for was something regional. But my next thought is, if it wouldn't be regional, I

Unknown Speaker  13:24
What would you call it? I

Matthias Miller  13:27
mean, if it just had a generic roofing name, as if it were a roofing company, right? You know, like, I mean, they always call it like Star Elite, or some initials or, I mean, you could call it CH, CH roofing, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  13:49
that will be there. Then you walk again.

Matthias Miller  13:53
Well, that one's some of those are taken. So you might, I mean, it might, it might just take some, I'm not sure, honestly,

Speaker 1  14:02
but go outside. The other thing, what if you name, not for laughs, what if you named it cold Wilson,

Unknown Speaker  14:14
C, O, D, E, Wilson, you got cold house. What about cold roofing? What about roof house? Oh, I like that. Is that taken?

Matthias Miller  14:33
Let's find out. Probably not, but let's see, no, it's not

Speaker 1  14:42
five. Buy it $10, 888,

Matthias Miller  14:50
I was also going to get ERP hell.com

Speaker 1  14:57
and that route is. Well, yeah. All right, yeah,

Matthias Miller  15:09
yeah, that one's available. Just haven't gotten it yet.

Speaker 1  15:15
All right, so I I

Matthias Miller  15:23
think about the trip, and then the next thing is just doing a little bit of research about what, what do people complain about?

Unknown Speaker  15:30
Exactly,

Speaker 1  15:37
yeah, and that's more than an unction. Go that route, yeah, or you could put the question out there, what do you dislike most about roofers? I'm

Matthias Miller  15:51
trying to think, what's the best place to where's the best place to throw that question in.

Speaker 1  16:16
What did you do? You like dislike most? Yeah, it's got to be a question that gets everybody going, like, yeah, I remember I had my lips because, you know, people love to tell their story,

Matthias Miller  16:30
yeah. I just need to find a good, good place to ask that okay, ask that question, unless I just do it on my own page. Um,

Matthias Miller  16:50
well, I've got some other places to research. I

Matthias Miller  17:00
cool, that's definitely enough to go on. Definitely not a good

Matthias Miller  17:31
one. And then there's still another idea about telling people kind of what's wrong with their business.

Unknown Speaker  17:37
Okay, so I

Matthias Miller  17:43
don't have anything more specific with that. Fine, leaving it on the back burner, but I don't know if you have more thoughts on that.

Speaker 1  17:50
Now, my question is, is there ever any type of survey put forth after some type of roofing job is done? Like, is there a survey somewhere,

Matthias Miller  18:09
roofing contractors, consumer survey, homeowner survey, I

Matthias Miller  18:31
on that fewer than one stickers most property owners call because the roof is getting old. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  18:59
phone call, photos,

Unknown Speaker  19:07
yeah,

Matthias Miller  19:11
main reason is, is roof is getting old, storm damage, roof appearance, roof leak are all kind of close ties for second place. Okay,

Matthias Miller  19:33
finding them. I

Speaker 1  19:48
now, how many roofers are you working with now? Matthias,

Matthias Miller  19:53
we're not working with any of them, right with any right now, okay,

Speaker 1  19:58
hose and so, rough. Thing, or is it all only rough thing, or is it contracting as a whole? Well, it

Matthias Miller  20:06
could be contracting as a whole. It nice to get something very specific. We have, we have one, one individual who is one guy who does flooring, who's really interested through one of our contacts. I we had, we had a concrete guy reach out to us, but he, he went AWOL. We had

Speaker 1  20:41
the reason I ask, because it would be nice to query, what complaints have they got? You know what I'm saying, if any? Yeah, and that's why I'm asking, because if there's someone that you have a relationship with with, you could pose that question to them, if you were reaching out to people, you know, to draw people in, what would it be? What would you consider the draw would be? Because it wouldn't hurt to ask those who are actually doing the work, if you had anybody that you were in relationship with, Yep,

Matthias Miller  21:21
yeah, I do have somebody I can ask about that. Okay, actually, so don't dismiss that. The thing, the other thing, with that, like this, has just been on the back of my mind. I haven't been sure exactly what or how to do it. He wants to sell the business. Craig and I were talking. We haven't talked. I mean, we talked very briefly about this. We haven't really talked more in depth about it, but about basically, he doesn't have a business to sell because he's the sales guy. He runs it like there is nothing to sell. He doesn't have a good marketing system. But talking to him about,

Unknown Speaker  21:56
like,

Matthias Miller  21:59
it's probably a little more generous than this, but basically saying, hey, look, you don't really have a business to sell here. But can we help you install the marketing system and then figure out a way to do a buyout based of, based on, on some kind of equity play,

Unknown Speaker  22:21
yeah?

Unknown Speaker  22:28
And have that conversation and see if what he what, what is his response?

Speaker 1  22:36
Yeah, but see now you've got multiple ways of having conversation with people, yeah, and the and the key is you keeping up with what those multiple ways are, and having it somewhere where you can go back and remind yourself, oh yeah. You know, even if it's just in bullet point form, we can go this route. It's pretty much like intersections to relationships, basically, right? I'm sorry,

Matthias Miller  23:16
basically, when I'm meeting with this person here, places we can go with the conversation several.

Speaker 1  23:20
Mm, hmm, yeah, and that's why I'm thinking and what all of your your what all of what you're discovering right now, create a survey from what you're experiencing, because, let's say you have a conversation with somebody, they say, Well, I don't know right now, I know I need something, but I'm not sure what I need. And say, You know what? I'm just going to shoot you over this survey. I just want you to answer these questions. You see what I'm saying? Matthias, because your marketing can also be your survey, sir, yeah, from what you're learning, because it doesn't. And what that does, it means there is no dead end conversation. Because if, if you, you know people on the on the in the moment, they're like, I don't know. They think they need to, as you have a conversation, I don't know, and you say, okay, here, let me help you. I'll shoot you this link to a simple survey, and there's always space for what else do you think you need in your business? It could be I need a plumber, I need a secretary, but at least a relationship is being built. You see what I'm saying? Yeah, because people right now, they need distractions. And what I mean by distractions, especially if I'm a business owner, it is too much to distract me, but what works is a healthy distraction. You know, something that helps you get on the way, on the path to your end goal, your end goal, you know, and everybody needs that. I

Matthias Miller  25:29
yeah, my brother, my brother, well, yeah, my brother, who's in construction, was saying he just recently hired a bookkeeper. Great, great individual. She's got many years of experience, and just hired her and he said, I finally gotten my my nights and weekends back. But what you're saying here is it's like survey is the way to make them think about I mean, it's kind of like when you go to the doctor and like, you're like, Oh, I'm all good until they like, do your blood press on your shoulder, or take your blood pressure or something like that. And all of a sudden you walk out or taking your car to the mechanic for, you know, 100 point inspection. And it was a great card until you left,

Speaker 1  26:22
until I drove it in to tell you, it was a great car. You told me, Oh no, you're this and you're that, and you're bad and you're this, oh, and it's Yeah, so Matthias, you're on the road and you're on the path. Don't get off. Have fun. Have fun. Create a stupid survey, and give it out to anybody and say, Hey, look at this survey. What should I add? I mean, I'm serious. People that you know are whatever, be it their plumbers or or carpenters or electric say, hey, what? What did I leave out of this guy? Oh, you need to put on it. You see what I'm saying. They're preparing the survey for you. Matthias, yeah, because they're in that industry, yeah, they know the complaint looks like much better than you. Yeah. And I would do that for every part of contracting. I would send some if I knew a plumber, or if I didn't know a plumber, say, anybody know a plumber? Your uncle is your uncle, Joe, still a plumber when he was, you know, and just again, have fun, because this is more investigative. It's more I'm testing the waters. Should it be warm or should it be cool? Should temperature be 150 it's just like anybody in any laboratory, things have to be tested. Yeah, yeah. So you on the you're on a good path. Yeah. And it's bringing some excitement, you know, even though it's a very like you said tiny stuff, but at least it's showing you Hey. This is saying something. This is an untapped area, yes, yeah. And that's usually where the gold is, where people have not ventured Yeah, it's interesting and it's amazing, but I'm telling you, you're being laid down this path for a reason, and again, in unfamiliar territory, always try to have joy. Don't let it become another task or chore. Yeah, yeah. Have you been what have you been doing for your your injury? What is your treatment?

Matthias Miller  28:51
I've been icing it and just physical rest, trying to stretching it out, trying to keep, keep it from too much.

Speaker 1  29:05
Do you, do you drink ginger tea? Or, do you, what's your relationship with ginger?

Matthias Miller  29:12
I don't. I was doing some research on on anti inflammatory, and saw that, but never actually. I used to get a while there.

Speaker 1  29:20
Okay, the internal, it works internally and externally. And there is a ginger paste that you can make, and you use saran wrap and ginger, and you boil it down, and then grind it the actual ginger, and then you put an Instagram wrap and wrap that area, and it rose to soar this out. And you know, see what you can find on that, because that happened when I tore my rotator cuff. Yeah, we wrapped my arm in ginger, yeah, from my shoulder down, is it? Your case, it's mushy and it's oozy, and she is how you keep it on. There is the saran wrap. And so might be a little easier with your leg, yeah, but I never took a pet peel and tear him up. It was, that was my natural what is it called? Anti whatever, yeah, whatever, yeah, and it worked. That's cool, okay, yeah, good, yeah.

Speaker 1  30:43
So I'm thinking, if you got a moment for us to pray regarding this new endeavor, you want to lead us and I'll close this out. Okay,

Matthias Miller  30:54
sure, absolutely.

Matthias Miller  31:02
Um, I just gotta jump in, because it is the the people who've been training on this testing method use the concept of gold coins, and that's actually the phrase that they use for these ads that are less than 50 cents. Okay, so, so Jesus, a lot of this, I don't know, like I just have this picture of of these gold coins, not just in terms of advertising, but in terms of these ideas. And I know that I'm growing in this capability, in this capacity to see, to see and recognize these gold coins that you put in front of me every single day, and, and I'm grateful for your patience and teaching me that. And, and I want to have, I want to have eyes to see and wisdom to navigate life and to know how, how to, how to take the next step, how to, first of all, just to recognize these ideas that are are from you, and then to act on them. And at the same time, to to embrace the way that you've created. Me, to embrace the season with that man, and to have fun, have fun with it at the same time,

Speaker 1  32:30
Father, even though I'm in total agreement with your son, Matthias and the fact that this was identified as gold coin, Father, everything you show us is golden, whether we see the end result or whether we even understand the process. Lord and so I thank You that You've given Matthias new eyes, you've given him new ears, you've given him a new way of thinking. You've given him a new way of discerning. Father, and we know for a fact that you are the God of the new you love new you love new mornings. You love New Years. You've established new months for us, God and so thank you. I am in total agreement with my brother in saying, we appreciate this God. We appreciate this new way of viewing the approach to the new father. And I just thank you for those who coined this idea as what is it called Golden what's it called Matthias, gold coins, gold coins, gold coins, gold coins, Father, because there was something they discerned about it, because you said, despise not small beginnings. Father, and so we are extremely grateful for this little, tiny opening that leads to a world that we were clueless to father and I, thank you that Matthias will have fun and joy. Your joy is our strength, father, and so we always delight ourselves in you and you'll you'll establish our ways, father. So thank you for establishing my brother's ways. And I thank you for his courage and his confidence. I thank you God that He knows your voice and a stranger he does not follow. And we thank You God that you are the good shepherd and you are leading us down your path of righteousness, father. So we love you for that, and we bless you, and we thank you, and we open our hearts and our ears and our minds to hear your voice, because you know the way you are, the way father. And so we follow you, completely, trusting you with great delight in. Jesus name amen, but yeah, it's not a coincidence Matthias that they named them gold coins. Yeah, who doesn't want a gold coin? You know? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And so it's something, it's something that God is doing with you. You in this and delight yourself in him in the process. Thank him every step of the way. Let it be a time of worship, yeah, yeah. And it's interesting, even having that that dilemma with your leg, it's working for you good. Still to do what you do. You know what I'm saying.

Matthias Miller  35:50
My wife told me that she This is not how her she's like, I don't I can't believe you, but this wasn't how I planned my vacation. And she's like, are you working? I'm like, well, kind of and she's like, Okay, I mean, like, I don't know what else you

Speaker 1  36:07
would do exactly, and it's working for you good, because otherwise you will be crazily bored, and that's not good with the more happier laugh like you're doing, because there's joy in healing and laughter. That's true. Yeah, so milk is brother. Oh. And then give the kids, you know, responsibilities. Hey, can you get dad this, get that, get them involved, so they can think like, oh brother, God, you gotta hear that, because he's giving all of us work to do. Don't need some extra prayer. Lord, please heal dad. Yeah, fun. Have have fun

Speaker 1  37:00
and keep me updated, yeah? Because I don't, I may wake up and say I did what I heard. Matthias, I don't know what it means, and if I do, I am surely sending it to you. Yeah, cool. Okay, good blessing. You are healed in the name of Jesus. Love on that leg. Okay, yep, I'll be back checking for that ginger paste. You know, making that ginger. Okay, all right, cool. Okay.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai