Matthias Miller  00:04
All right, so at the very beginning of this whole conversation, one of the things that was that seemed fairly clear to me was a 30k engagement.

Unknown Speaker  00:26
And

Matthias Miller  00:29
one of the things that I've been processing with this, and I just kind of raised, I don't know if this just popped into my head this morning, okay, and it seems so obvious and yet. Anyway, this is just another piece of it. But there's two problems with our offer right now. One is that, one is that we are under charging with the plan to for the for the initial part of the design, with the plan to make up for it through the actual full scale development. Okay, well, that's actually, that's actually the core issue, and so that's part of the reason for the cash flow problem. It ends up making it very speculative, okay, and so the thought that was in my mind was, what if, I mean, from a from our standpoint, if we flip this around, everything would be easier on our end, if we actually had, if we actually charged up front and we had a higher profit margin on it, I was told by my colleagues that that's not possible because, because that's part of establishing value, is through what we do, okay, through that initial engagement,

Speaker 1  02:07
when was it? When was it agreed to? When did you agree for this project?

Matthias Miller  02:17
Well, so this is not for this project. This is just for projects in general, okay, okay, for new projects that we take on, okay? And then again, I don't know, like some of this stuff, honestly, I don't know if it's just my brain going crazy, jumping from one thing to the next, or,

Speaker 1  02:40
yeah, so all of this is new terrain, right? Is this new terrain or

Matthias Miller  02:51
the core part of the business that is rolling right now is software design and development? Okay,

Speaker 1  03:01
that's the core piece of it. Okay? And how old is that art?

Matthias Miller  03:09
So that piece is the oldest, is it is? That's kind of what I that's what I've been focusing on since I've been that's what I've been trying to stay focused on since closing down some of the nonprofit side of the things that we were exploring. But when it comes to what's proven about me, I mean, this is the I want to give the professional answer. There are a few people who can design software and have the understanding of business needs and what goes into building software that I do, and even as a, even as a, as in, even as a developer who is not in a healthy place emotionally, just because of not being understood for who I was. I was one of the I was one of the top, one of the top developers, and one of the top and one of the top designers, just because if my ability to put those pieces together.

Speaker 1  04:22
Okay, and is that reputation out there in Colorado, or is it global? Or where is that reputation understood? Well,

Matthias Miller  04:39
honestly, that reputation is only understood when only understood at the company that I worked for and with the with the other the people that I work with.

Speaker 1  04:52
Okay, when you say other people, are they the current people, or are these former people,

Matthias Miller  04:58
current people, like with. Brother, my brother in his business, and the other colleagues that

Speaker 1  05:06
they're involved in that, what's your brother's business?

Matthias Miller  05:12
So he has, he does the he he does a software development side of things. So we actually just do the design and customer, anything that relates with the customer, and some of the testing UA stuff he does, he does and oversees all the development,

Speaker 1  05:30
okay, and so, like is this? Is this both you and your brother's company.

Matthias Miller  05:39
He has his own company, but we work very closely together. When people work with us, they usually can't. It's not like they can tell the difference between one or the other. And we'll just brand our proposals differently based on the project. Yep, basically,

Speaker 1  05:56
okay, so, and I'm going to ask you some hard question, okay, we're getting to the core. We're going under. We're going under, okay, where? And this is very powerful Matthias, and I'm going to give you a perfect example. You know me, I always got 5000 examples. I come from a huge family, so at any given time, I can jump on anybody's bandwagon, and as I get older, I learn what my tit is and what it isn't. And so family. I mean, my family, oh my goodness, I'm so excited, especially about two generations behind us. They are just amazing, and they have none of the restraints that we the elders have had. And so I have to catch my breath and keep up with them. Yeah, and in me doing that, Matthias, I realized, like in my relationship with them, I say, Okay, God, I thank you. You know, I'm extremely grateful for what God is showing me. He said, the speed of the righteous is blessed just like you and your brother are in the position you're in because of your dad, regardless of what you know, because my dad was a stick in the mud, and I vowed I will never do things because I was a whole new generation. I mean, I was born in 1960 so the lens that I saw the world through was like, Nope, I will not be a stiff neck. I will not be limited to this or that the other just, you know, I'm going to do all I want to do, and learn all I can, because my dad was very limited. But what I'm discovering now that I'm 60 will be in a few days, another month, that they're running circles around me, Matthias, and I'm like, Okay, God, when do I jump in? When do I help? And I learned I don't help until they ask me, yeah? In other words, they are in their own world, and I'm not touching it, yeah? And there is a world that belongs to Matthias and it has nothing to do with your brother, yeah. And so this is what I'm discerning. Just me, I'm just sorry, there's a Matthias trying to get out, you know? Like, I'll give you an example. I love being in the birthing room. I've been in the birthing room 1000 times. I am still not the one Matthias to be right there when that baby comes out. I'm somewhere in the corner, either praying or sleep, because I'm like, it's just some things I can't do. Yeah, so I own who I am, and everybody that invites me to the birds when they go, okay, auntie, there's your couch over there. We're gonna be here. We're gonna rub our hand, we're gonna feed her ice. We're gonna do this. We don't I'm like, good. I'm over here. I'm standing in agreement with everything you guys are doing, but I know my limitations, yeah, and I'm true to them, yeah, and that's leaving out even get criticized for, don't ask auntie, because she's not going to do that. And I say you're exactly right. That's just not who I am, yeah, and I'm okay, and I'm not afraid to take those kids, you know, like there are things they absolutely need Auntie in but there are things they are not. And in most cases, Matthias, they create something or do whatever they're doing, and then I get a call, auntie, can you do ABC? Sure, because I understand they know me now, and they know don't ask me to do this. And don't ask me to do that. You can ask me to do this. 24/7 365, is that right there? Don't ask me to do I am not the cook Matthias. I'm the cleaner. I'll do the dishes. Yes, they're not going to give me a ditch. They're going to say it's a plastic supplies. Get the drink. They know me now, yeah, but I had to learn me myself. I had to learn me because I was getting there. I tried to make a dish. One time I cooked a turkey. They weren't eating until nine o'clock that night, Matthias, and that was a nightmare patch the turkey. I'm gonna kiss the turkey. You know, it's like I got a sister. She ain't going there with her eyes closed and bam, that Turkey is the most beautiful thing we've ever seen. Well, she's the turkey. Lady, I'm not. I'm the drink and the the eat. Where? Lady,

Matthias Miller  10:39
yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  10:45
That's where you who won.

Matthias Miller  10:49
Well, you made me think back to a conversation I've actually had with Ellis. Great conversation, three things. He said that I've given him number one and well, and yeah, three things that are given. These are rough notes. This is July 15. People, development, marketing, uh huh, technical skills and systems thinking, okay. And then his advice, I think this was, I don't have very is I don't have very deep I think this is basically his advice was, stay out of operations long term, completely, and stay out of implementation, positioning yourself, out of attention. I'm not sure what that means. Yeah, basically get out of the day to day. Ryan as as an example, I mean, one of Ellis's guys, his operations guy, basically said, Look, I don't know. I mean, Ellis keeps saying, Look, your sales guy, Ian, like, what he gives us is gold, and his operations guy says, I don't know what Ian does or how he does it, but it's amazing. Well, Ian's good, but there's a secret behind it. I was the guy who found him the training. I mean, we saw the potential, but I was the guy who founded the training and and so

Speaker 1  12:27
you're a treasure hunter, Matthias, you're, you're like me. Honestly, when I talk to you, I feel like I'm talking to myself. You're, you're, I'm, I'm telling you, Matthias, you could put me in a room with 5000 people, and I'm not looking for anybody. I don't I don't come in there with any type of expectation. It's like, okay, I'm minding my own business. I'm here, and then Holy Ghost will start turning see that gentleman over there, and he just started giving me the rundown. I'm like, I'm not here for that. So I'm Matthias. It's about being true to you. So remember, I told you your terms are critical. Yeah, yep, you gotta own who you are. If, when I get and I'll give you another example, whenever I'm at an event where anybody be it Perry or somebody else I'm, you know, usually I know the people looking like, well, who the heck is this lady? And you know what I'm saying? I'm thinking the same thing. Well, who the heck are you? Viv and and that's what God loved about me, Matthias, because I I'm not here for nothing else but to do what God told me to do. And he strikes gold every time. So I've learned you don't know what you're doing, but when you do it with god girl, all of a sudden you just don't you know. Yeah, it's just like David, he did. He wasn't born with that strength, With that courage and confidence, but every time a demon showed up, he slayed on, yeah, because he was like, he had the right motive. No, you will not kill anybody in this camp. Yeah. And so that goes back to you with the to me, I'm talking about the culture coaching with you. Matthias, you, we aren't that good, but when he's stepping we're a phenomenon, yeah, how did I know to call Robert tell me

Matthias Miller  14:34
that Holy Ghost next? Bottom

Speaker 1  14:35
line, it was like I was thinking. My whole thought was, No, I'm not calling this man on a Sunday, and then, you know, I'm thinking, Well, what I do? Because I'm Vivian, I'm putting Robert and and and Matthias on the phone, and then I'm out of it. I'm just going to do the recording. I'm the glue. I'm the, you know, God has told me to get a comment. Friends, free conference call.com because this is what he told me, there, anytime you need to go back so you can remember, you can go to the recording lady, stop making life so difficult. This is what he was telling me. I was like, because I resisted, like, I don't need a conference call. You say, Yes, you do. And that's the same thing Matthias God will say to me, I have people saying to me things that I need. And I would look and I'm like, Nope, that's I'm not Nope. That's not Nope. And then God will tap me on the shoulder and say this, they're telling you, right? This is what you need to do. So what I love about myself, Matthias, I'm not interested in building nobody's kingdom. Let me tell you a secret. I don't like people. Matthias, I love them. I love them. They've never done anything to me. But the stuff that comes with people, it's like Lord, and you know what? I love Matthias. I can get on the phone. We could talk forever, and then, guess what done? I could go get me iced tea. I go give me a glass of water, put my feet up, and I'm done for the day. Honestly, I don't, because even when my family they whenever I show up at a family anything, everybody is so excited. It's a rare sighting of great auntie. It's a weird sighting of Aunt my siblings. It's a rare sighting of our sister, because Matthias, the humans are crazy. And you know what? I know they're crazy too. So when he put me in the middle of human stuff, he knows he's got to coach me, he knows he's got to court me, he knows he's got to do all kinds. Because he's like, Lord, I'm not trying to do that, you know, yeah, honestly, I'm giving you the bottom line with it. But what God does know, I'm a woman of integrity. I'm not going to hurt you. I'm not, you know, whoever the person is, it's like he could show me everything. And I'm going to know, we're not going to say that. We're not going to say this, and we're not going to say that. Phone is like soon as I got prepared for my conversation with me, I said Father, and I had enough sense to know Matthias, we're not having that conversation today. Yeah. Yeah. You got to be true to yourself, because guess what, you sleep better when I wake up being busy and I go to bed, do you know I sleep so good? I wake up like, Oh, God, I feel like I slept three days well, because I went to bed Vivian and I won't love it, I didn't have to be anybody else. Yes, that's the question. Matthias, yeah. God made you. He didn't make you know, I one of my challenges, and you know me and you we have our church conversation with the quote, unquote Church. The way people see it is this, all of you are hypocrites. Everybody go sit down, listen to God. When we come back together, we're going to have so much peace and order without somebody with a whip. You need to do this. You need to do that. That's the very thing Robert was talking about. Like, where did that come from? We are not slaves, yes, yeah, for you, whoever you are, yeah, yeah. That's not God, yeah. And he'll sit back and say, How long you gonna do that? How long you going to take that? And you know, one thing Matthias, when he told me to resign from the position I was being into, I ran out of there, and I was like, and, you know, and then when I ran out, you know, of course, it was a process. I told them and prepped them and got them ready. And then when I left, I was going, Oh, my God, who's going to pay my bills, and God was like, Excuse me, ma'am, who's been paying your bills? Vivian, you have not been paying your bills. Matthias, yeah. Your father, yeah. Your brother has not been paying bills. Your this. Your dad, whoever is connected to you. And that's what God showed me. Like this number one, you don't get nobody's permission to be who I made you to be. The world has to change around me. Matthias, Oh, that's good. Yeah. He was like, you I didn't, I didn't. He said, Don't be conformed, right? And so Matthias, he was like, and there would be times and fast I was trying to fit in. And God was like, Excuse me, you're in trouble with me, Vivian, because that's not who you are. Yeah? Yeah. And so I'm done being whoever people need me to be, Matthias, because they don't even know. They don't know what they want. People don't know what they want. Oh, yeah. And then they pull you in like you're the problem. No, I'm not the problem. You just don't know what you want. Don't literally, Matthias, yeah, remember, I'm 60 years old. Okay, I only got a few more weeks to go, but I'm telling you, Matthias, I'm done, and when I find myself in environments and you know, people are snubbing me and doing things, I just let them, because I'm like, God, I see what Jesus meant. He's like, forgive them. They don't know what they doing. So it's okay, you know, I love it. How? You know, I'm sure when I came on my name, it could be, I could be any culture. Vivian is a very universal name. As a matter of fact, Vivian is a male name, a male's name. In Europe, that's where it originated from, only a male name, and so depending on people's references, until they hear my voice, they don't know if I'm a male or a female. And then other thing, still, when they hear my voice, they don't know what culture I come from, until I go black on you. And if I go black, you know, I say, Oh, you don't back up and say, oh, you know. And then what throws people? Matthias, I have been military trained and was excellent in the military, meritoriously promoted over and over again. But I don't wear that because I belong to God. Matthias, doesn't that's garbage to him. Yeah, yeah. You know, I was a, I was a straight A student. I was I mastered science. I mastered math for as long as I was taking it. But it's because I'm a prophet of God Matthias, so he could give me answers. I don't even know how I got it, because it was but you're going to judge me, because you Matthias, when I worked for household International, and I don't think, I don't even know if I put that on my little baby resume that I sent you, but I was there and Matthias, so God would give me insight on how to solve all kinds of problems. And one time, I cleared 4000 pieces of backlogged correspondence in a week. And let me say,

Matthias Miller  23:09
You told that story at the seminar, yeah,

Speaker 1  23:12
oh yeah. And this was the crazy thing. They thought I was the most so then, you know, eventually, when they finally promoted me to middle management, people were in my file trying to see what Ivy League school I went to, because it was a house of ivy Leaguer, yeah. And so I taught this lady in my file one time at my manager's, you know, my director's desk. And I just had to walk in Matthias. And this is at that time my name was Vivian Golding, and my son and I was looking and then she just looked at me because she was busted, and she's like, What school did you go to? And I said, Why is that any of your business? Because, number one, you not going to punk me because you in the room. That's not going to happen. Yeah, you're caught. Yeah, I never told my director that, but I was saying, what is that to you? Well, I just want to know what school you went to, because all of a sudden you're the stuff around here. And I'm like, Well, how did I get to be the stuff that was just it was sick Matthias. And I told God, I never want parts of corporate America, because it is demonic. I have never seen more demonic activity in my life. And then, you know, I shied away from it, and God was by giving us because people don't like you, don't mean you don't do what I sent you to do. Oh,

Matthias Miller  24:43
boy,

Speaker 1  24:45
because they don't prefer you because you're a woman, because you're African American, because you come from here or there, that ain't your problem. Yeah, and you are not to dumb yourself down because people don't. Don't expect you. Yeah, wow,

Matthias Miller  25:07
wow,

Speaker 1  25:13
wow, wow. Because you know what Matthias, if i dotted every eye and cross every T, there is, think about it. And I'm using this election as an example. What in the world is America thinking? What is our problem? Yeah, and it's like, it's a problem bigger than you. So don't get caught up. Stay your course. Vivian, yeah, stay your course, don't get caught up in that. Don't get caught up in this. Don't? You know, it's just like, and I'm so grateful that I belong to God Matthias, I would be somewhere in a corner playing with my bottom lip because somebody don't like me, or they're intimidated, or they're manipulative, or, you know, the human condition is is a nightmare, and what blesses me? Matthias, I know for a fact I've been sent by God, and I know for a fact that I belong to him, and he belong to me. Now what everybody else is doing, I hope they get in. That's my that's my hope. Because when he broke the door, you're not getting in. Yeah, you're not getting in, you know? And that's how I see the world now, like, Okay, this what, however, God, want to use you to get these people in the ark of safety of God there. You got to do it. So now, Matthias, I'm mature enough, you know, but before I would be just devastated because of how people have treated me. But God was like they killed your savior, Vivian. They mutilated him. Has anybody? He would have that conversation with me over and over, and I would say, Oh, God, but it's painful. And blah, blah, blah. And you know what he did? Matthias, he allowed enough things to happen to me, where I became stainless steel. Yeah, still a woman. I'm still this, and I'm still everything God has made, but you better know when it's time and I'm gonna use this superhero for the black cancer to manifest, he gonna show up. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that out. Okay, I see what I'm dealing with. It's okay. It's okay. We gonna be alright, because you don't know any better, yeah, yeah, but I'm, I'm real big on you. Will not project your problems on me, yeah, no matter how serious your problems are. Only God know how they happened, and he's going to get you out. But guess what, if he sent me to help you get out. You getting out? Yeah, my other favorite is Harriet Tubman. She went back and got the slaves, and she put her life on the line, and so I refuse to allow people to stay in ignorance. I refuse to allow allow people to stay in them being less than who God has designed them to be. No, you're going back to school. No, you will get this training. No, you will take it. You will endure it. I have a need. And she right now, Comcast built an office in her in her house, and she's been working for them, like a year before covid. But she says to me, Auntie, I have an opportunity to work from home, and she has two daughters, one is 14, and one is two. And I said to her, you want to raise your baby? You take that and she took that position. Matthias and her daughter is doing extremely well in high school. This is her first year, and her two year old is doing extremely well because kids need their mother. Matthias, yes, yes, yeah. And so that's what I'm about. I'm about changing the world, because the world is a mess, and too many people are suffering. And so how do we get these people out of suffering? How do we get these people out of bondage? How do we get these people out of ignorance? How you know? And that's always my thought. And so I'm telling you, after we had our conversation, and I said to God. I said, God, you have somebody from Matthias. You, God. You, you gave this to him. So you have to show him. You got to open up something you got. And I'm the woman that wears the judge. Judge. And then he said, Call Robert, and I'm like, why? And he said, because he's got answers. Yeah, this, this, this ain't what, you know we we're in a mess Matthias And God is calling on the sons of God, and I'm not, I'm not sitting back and watching the earth go to hell. If I know you in the wrong space, you in the wrong space, you need to keep your mouth closed, you know. And pretty soon I'll be in that position. And Robert said it day when Vivian tell you to do something, you do it because God has positioned him, but I'll never get on the phone and say, Robert, you need to do what I told you. No, because that's not my place. Jeff, yeah, God will show me stuff. Matthias and I just looked the other way. I was like, Okay, God, and I'm gonna give you a secret when I first met, you know, with Perry, with everything, because when he found me 10 years later, I was like, I said to God, say, Okay, God, what is this, you know, in the sense of, why was this man looking for me, and all of what was going on. And in the process, Matthias, I was in a whole nother world that I had never seen before. And my thing, that's what Holy Ghost told me this follow Terry's lead, and he would be the one to tell you that in the 13 years, you know, 10 he couldn't find me. And then I'm trying to think 2003 is when I think when it happened. Then 10 years later he found me. And then now we're in 2013 he found me. So now we're in 2020 so in the seven real years of me knowing him, but it's really been a total of, I think 13 I have. My math is really off right now. No why, but Matthias every on every turn God says, Follow Perry fleet and Terry be the first to tell you I'm not doing nothing that he's not comfortable with, because God did this. I didn't do it. So what me taking the lead

Speaker 1  32:37
space, you know, where Terry is extremely protective of me, and he'll say, Viv, are you okay? And I go, you know, and he'll say, Viv, whatever you know, what do we need to do? You know? Because he understands he didn't do this, that guy. And the understanding, yeah. And then nobody gets destroyed, because humans are dangerous. Matthias, they're dangerous when they don't submit to God. Yes, that's true. And so our discernment is, my discernment is, where are the signs? Where are the signs? And then I'm going all out for the sun, because until We run this Matthias, we're in trouble. Yeah, wow, wow.

Speaker 1  33:43
And I'll say this, none of my family members are on my team. Matthias. If I took them to any of the gatherings that Perry does, they will freak. They'd be like, hell, God. They would be like, they would be like, Oh, God, we don't know who this lady is, because, Matthias, no, they were not invited for the party, and I didn't invite them. Yeah, not what I know. God has the lead. Matthias, this is the first time Retta in the how many years, it's been, 17 years that any like everybody don't know Terry, everybody don't get to meet him. Just recently, you know, he and his wife and his daughter, they worked on a project with us here on the west side, and that's how they got to meet him. But I'm telling you, I'm extremely protective Matthias, because when, when the wrong people, it don't matter who they are, get their hands, excuse me, on something, humanity is in trouble, yeah, and I know that's true, and I've seen it a million times, you know? And so. God has made a believer out of me. If you don't belong, you don't belong. If you belong, you belong. But I don't. And at this age, because it took time for him, I'm at that point, people could want some all day, but I'm looking right upside their head, saying, you are not ready, and that's what you are doing, Matthias, and you got to be that sensitive. And that why you got to know what your wife is ready for. You got to know what your children are ready for. You got to know what your colleagues and your co partners and you know, and that's, that's the edge, the edges, when Terry bring me to any of them conferences, I let it rip, because if you showed up in this room, it's a Holy Ghost. Stick up. Yeah. God got you. Yeah? Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  36:18
What are your thoughts? I uh,

Matthias Miller  36:23
what was, oh, man, my wheels are turning,

Speaker 1  36:31
and God, you're gonna land in the center of the will of God. But that's what God he don't deal with nothing dead. He said, Let the dead, bury the dead. Matthias, I don't deal with I love it. I love it. I don't do it. It's waste it's a waste of time.

Speaker 1  37:01
Yeah, and I must, I'll tell you this. And I think I mentioned this to you, my spiritual dad, Aaron Royster, he just passed, probably think two years ago. He was originally a Black Panther. He was a nightmare, and when they began to assassinate the Black Panthers, he was on his way to one of their meetings, and he got diverted, and it saved his life. And from that point on, he just said, God, I owe you. And so he became this heavy hitter. In development, and it was just crazy. Matthias, so we had a congregation of probably about, it's 300 people. We were able to buy six city blocks, we built a school, we built up an urban farm. It was just crazy, the anointing that was on and we was just as wild and wooly and out of sources. It was about 300 David and his ministry. 20 of us got ordained at the same time, because that's the draw that was on his life. And he wrote a book called from No Lord have mercy. I gotta find that book, because the original name of his book was from a panther to a preacher. But then I think his children can't change the title, so I gotta look at it. But this man, Matthias, he was so ahead of his time, and only God can only put people around him that were ahead of their time as well, because otherwise things are not going to happen. And so he, he originally was an educator. His wife was the vice president of Midway Airport. And so like when God is ready to swing and you want to hit 25 home runs at one time, he gonna have the biggest, the baddest and the best team. Just anybody is not gonna sit on his bench. Even if you on the bench, you gonna be somebody on the bench. And so that's what I'm learning right now, like I have his spiritual DNA, and when he was dying, he was in a nursing home, and he he was a Vietnam veteran, and so some old wounds started manifesting in his body. And so he his wounds just would not heal, like i Something happened to his leg, and you know, he's just really sad. And so I remember going to see him, and this is what he said to me, Matthias, and I think I have it on tape. I think I recorded it. He said, Vivian, you are a real apostle. He said, You are doing the work of an apostle. And he said, you will never want to wear that title. He said, Because they. So much foolishness around what God has put in place that people have just hijacked the things of God. And he says, I want you to know you are doing the work, daughter, these were his last words to me. And I just sat down and I smiled, and I said, Dad, you know, I want no parts of that, right? You know that, right? He says, But daughter, you know, he sound like The Godfather, but daughter, you're the real thing. I say, Okay, well, long as me and God, know that's how it's gonna go, I'm not wearing anybody's title. Yeah, yeah. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  40:45
wow, wow. So few more thoughts. I mean, I think thinking out louder than one thought, I recall almost I'm blown away that I landed. I mean, that I'm blown away by how this came together. And then I just like that baby going and and second thought is, I've never been in the business that I thought I was in. Yeah, and God's been trying to tell me that, and I just didn't have the it's like Melvin Pillay described it once, like a chiropractor treatment, when you're when your back is out of is out of line and your muscles are tight, yeah, it takes time to get it back into alignment and to stay in alignment and not to get out of alignment. Yes, it does. And so, you know, just dealing with my own expectations of this would be easier, but, or, yeah, better than than what it is. But even in my even in my software days when I was so buried, there was still that thing inside of me that knew that this wasn't how it was supposed to be, and that something inside of me made me believe that I could run the team better than they could, and nobody else believed it. And as a as a result, I barely believed it when I was working for working at the nonprofit for two and a half years, or whatever it was. I didn't have the practical skills in many ways, but there was still something inside of me that I could do that. Yeah, and then now I'm in the software space, and my brother comes to me and says, basically, basically. What he says is, well, here's, you know, apart from all the technical things that you're really trying to get yourself away from, anyway, here's really what you've done for us as you've helped to build a team. Yeah, and so, so there's like this citing like this side story to every everything that I'm doing, but it's hard that's really hard for me to identify with and then to stay aligned with that, which Is why turning around and picking up, yeah, but the picking up. Yeah, the same thing is doing the church. I mean, it is a theme. And I have, I mean, my sister texting me this this morning again, she's like, I know,

Speaker 1  43:37
let me hold on. Let me tell this person I'm A column right back. Okay, oh, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  44:30
Thank you, sir, I'm back.

Matthias Miller  44:32
All right, not a problem. You're welcome. Sister texting me this morning, being like, okay, so I'm leaving this I know I need to leave, but I don't know where I'm supposed to go. And I don't even know how to think about it, because I've been conformed into this for so long and like all of this stuff. So I see that. Yeah, so there's a second thread. The next thread is with Angelica, not wanting to you. Uh, not wanting to, not being ready, not in a place, to do the training. I was like, Well, what happens if I just jump in and do a free training? And let's see and have that conversation. So I've got that tomorrow afternoon for 30 minutes. Okay, on the heels of that, I had this idea to post in a in a general contractor Facebook group that I'm part of, and basically saying, Hey, look. Well, what if we did a virtual meetup? And instead of making this a networking event, let's make this a time of intentionally problem solving, and let's just share what's going on, and let's share resources and answers to each other and to them. It's a way to connect, and for me, it's a way to hear the conversations that they're having and the problems and the issues that they're they're wrestling with. Yeah, and so suddenly that's becoming a that's kind of giving birth to this. And I don't even know what this should look like, but the place where I've always done, well, yeah, is not where I want you, please, to develop a curriculum, and let's, you know, get everything out of your head and put it in a structured format, and then have a three days of ABCD. But where I've really done the best is where I've been able to engage with people and extract this stuff out of them. Yeah, and the problem is just like, you like, like for I don't even know how to bring these pieces together. All marketing, most of marketing is this. Is, this is actually something that Perry and Robert talked about in that interview I was watching. But most of it is paint by numbers. So fill in the blanks, and, you know, all this stuff. And, yeah, depending what you're doing, it works, but not for something like this. Like, how do you put it in a box, or put it into a bottle, like there

Speaker 1  47:02
is no box and there is no bottle, and you don't because what will happen? You're going to cut off arms and legs. You know how somebody has some type of device, and they say, Okay, we, you know, we got a box, we gotta and then they look at the thing and they say, Well, how do you package something like this? Well, first of all, you don't you go with the rhythm. There is no package. There is no packaging. Part of the American culture is package. And guess what? Package stuff is killing us. Yeah, it's true. When it's organic and it's imperfect. And you know, I baked a sweet potato today for lunch to go with what I was having, and the thing was the ugliest thing you've ever seen, but there was more potassium in that ugly sweet potato than in this perfect, whatever was in a package, all pretty and, you know, it's like, no Matthias, don't do that. Don't do that to yourself. Because I promise everything grow. It's just like a child, as Valerie is growing like, like right now, he could stand over the sink and wash his own hands. I'm so excited about that. But the blessing is, now it's time to teach him hot water, cold water, because he can reach the job now, but he's ready. So often times we out, think ourselves, it ain't time for that. Yes, get in, get engaged with these people, and God's gonna speak to you. It's enough experts around you to say, do it this way. Do it that way, man, I would pull on Terry. I would pull on Robert until I couldn't milk nothing else out of them, because that's who they are. Yeah, yeah. Can I call you back in two minutes? Yeah, yeah, call me back. Okay.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai