Matthias Miller  00:00
I mean, and we got this recording so excellent. So I had this dream. I was, you know, pretty stressed out about work went and I was like, I just got to sleep, fell asleep. And just before I actually woke up, just a little bit, fell back asleep. And had this dream right, right before I woke up all the way. And in the dream, I was talking to my brother, and he he used this term that it's not even a real term. It doesn't, it doesn't make any, any sense, except maybe in the developer culture, maybe, but barely that. He was like, you're an out an alcohol coder. And I'm like, what is an alcohol coder? And he's like, Well, you work really hard, and, and you have this way of figuring out stuff that doesn't make sense. And, and I can't, I don't remember if you actually said that earlier. She was just kind of this epiphany. And, and I woke up from the dream. Well, there were a few other things there was, there was another individual from from Planet Perry, that kind of connected with this whole dream at a conference a follow up. And I was like, this dude was here, and I really need to connect with him and talk to him. Woke up from the dream, and when I wrote woke up, I realized that throughout my entire career, I've always been the guy assigned to do the dirty, dirty jobs, like, like the thing that nobody else can pull off can can do, and it's been challenging for me to manage that, because, in a lot of ways I have the capacity for it, but in other ways, I've had to build up a capacity for it as well. Like, like, mentally, the capacity is there, but the persistence, and also being giving myself permission to rest in the middle of those problems, which accelerates problem solving. But you know, kind of the products that work ethic, that that Perry talks about keeps you from and that that need to prove myself and all that so and so I had this in just a series of thoughts and ideas. I don't know exactly how how to describe the process, but ended up putting together kind of this, copying one of one of Perry's letters, but the putting together a letter to send to software companies, and IT companies in in my area, kind of all centered around this concept or idea and and the whole goal with this is, is finding projects that are like that. And my goal out of it, really is, is being able to find projects where I can double my double my hourly rate, so that, so that we can accelerate some other projects that that I'm working on.

Speaker 1  02:51
I got a question. I got a question. Keep your thoughts. Are you working as a team? Is there? Is it solo, or is it collectively, several of you, or is it a partnership when you're pursuing these projects?

Matthias Miller  03:12
So the this specific type of project, it's me solo, but, but I also, I do have, I have a team of three part time, time staff. And one of the projects we're working on, what we're really focusing on is, is consulting in the in the nonprofit sector, kind of leadership and management strategy, consulting, types of stuff that's really in its infancy. And the software, software work has really been my bread and butter for most of these projects that I do, I integrate, integrate with other people working on the project. So it's not necessarily me taking the whole project from start to finish, but, but in terms of, yeah, I don't know, do you

Speaker 1  04:01
have pen and pads? Because you may some some bullet points down, I heard several things. These are, these are three things I heard. Number one, you're the eyes, you're the nose and you're the ear. And think about those faculties. Eyes is something you see, nose is something you discern, pretty much we could say ears is something you hear. And Matthias, as God downloads as Holy Spirit downloads to you, when you sit still, you're going to know exactly what to do with what when to do it and where. Now, because we can't describe concretely. It's very concrete to God, who you are and what you do, and we're discerning that right now. You're discerning God how. Do you want to use me? And I'm discerning. How do you want to use Matthias, Bob, so we're in a season of discernment. Write that down, and you're going to you, he's going to sharpen your eyes. He's going to sharpen which is means he's sharpening your sight, your vision, that part of you, he's sharpening your hearing. You're listening. He's sharpening your sense of discernment. Because I'm telling you, I'm hearing, eyes, ears and nose. And nose is for smell, but we know you're not going to smell opportunities. You're going to discern them, yes, and you are wired. You're wired Matthias to compartmentalize all of this, and that's why every tool you can get your hands on, even if it's your laptop, even if it's your phone, it's your journal, it's writing that, or you dictating into something a recorder. It's critical that you capture what you're hearing. Matthias, because you're in development, you're in your own development stage, even though we have to, again, we talk about the multitasking. We have to multitask our personal selves, our mental selves, our emotional selves, our spiritual self, our relational selves. You're thinking, Lord, I can't juggle all of that. And you're absolutely right. We can't. However, when it appears, when it appears Matthias, that you're overwhelmed, you say, Lord, help me. Help me prioritize. What should I be doing right now? And he may say sleep, he may say play with the kids. You're thinking, this has nothing to do with what I'm asking for. However, because we're his design, Matthias, he's the one with the barometers. He knows it's time to rest, it's time to eat, it's time to play, it's time to laugh, it's time to excuse yourself from this particular project, and that's what I need you to do. Until the next time we speak is Matthias. You hear from God, and if he says, go play with one of your children, go find that child and just have a ball with him, and you'll be shocked, because he's doing the multi tasking. We're not doing it. He's the one that knows what to do, when, where, who, with whom, and that's the dance. That's the dance. And make this a bullet point, you're going to learn how to dance with the Spirit of God. Because you said, it's weird if I went to sleep and all of a sudden I woke up and and so God began to speak. Because rest make that another bullet point, and it's something I'll reiterate over and over again. Is a hearing aid. From God, unquestionably. So okay, and you being patient, even if you can't discern like God, I don't know what to do. Say that. I need your help. Call on Him, and it's not that formal. It's as simple as you picking up the phone. Let me text this. Let me give her this one word, and let her tell me what, what is, what is she hearing? It's that simple. Matthias, there's no form or fashion to communicating with them, but you're in your transformational season, Matthias. And when you're tired, rest when you're when you've had enough of whatever you're working on, you put it to the side. If you have to change deadlines, you make the phone call, Hey, I need three more days. I'm not going to finish on the date. I thought you have that privilege because of your work ethic, okay? And oftentimes we have to pull back like a rubber band that was stated, excuse me, we pull back, and he springs us right into the center of what we were absolutely frustrated with. And here's the answers, here's the pieces, the parts that fit. It's just how things process Matthias, and there's an a natural process to everything God gives us to do, okay? And it's on his timeline, which is much different than ours, and you'll learn that you. As you're listening, okay, this is all training. You're, you're in training right now with how to dance with God, and I want you to keep that in mind. You know how sometimes we can step all over the person that we're dancing. We can step all over. But now we, you know, if we stay on that dance floor long enough we get it like, yeah, okay, now I'm not stepping on your feet. Yeah. Keep that visually up. I might be stepping on God's feet and people looking at me like, what? But you know what that means, yeah, yep, yep. You're learning to dance with them. Okay, and you, and he'll also show you, Matthias, the best time of day that you, you and he should be together. And Matthias, he's got some interesting office hours. You could lie down have a dream. Oh, I'm really tired. I don't and just like, I share with you, and then you just say, God, please two more hours. I'm telling Matthias, I'll hit this phone. It's not time to get up yet. I need two more hours, because we're in relationships. He's building you guys are building a relationship, and there are no rules. Okay? He's not strict because he's not as strict as people present him to be. Yes.

Unknown Speaker  11:41
So what are your thoughts? That's good, that's,

Matthias Miller  11:51
I don't really have anything more to say. That's

Speaker 1  11:54
okay, that's okay, but, but it's helpful. Wasn't it helpful?

Matthias Miller  11:59
Yes, it's very helpful. It's very helpful. It's, it's right on, okay. And I mean, just what you said, like, like, I think there's this, this whole process of learning how to, how to, and when people say, go with the go with the flow, they always make it sound like, like, you know, some lazy person who doesn't care, but going with the flow is with with God

Speaker 1  12:28
is, yes, it is. And his, his, his rhythm is so different. Matthias, he is nothing like human beings. And that's what he's detoxing us from all of our our human experiences. He's like, That's not how I do it, you know? And so I'm excited because you're ready, and you know you're ready, and he knows you're ready. And so we start the dance. That's what we do. And keep in mind we're dancing. Dancing is so much more fun. Dancing invokes happy feelings. Think about your babies. They're always dancing, singing that get up. He said, Come to me like a child, and they're all when your babies come, they're happy. Matthias, they can't get enough of you. Yeah, they're fascinated with you, and that's how Father God looks us. He's so fascinated with us and all of what we don't know. Matthias, he's like, Oh, I just love him. You're thinking, Oh God, I'm a mess. Help me. Help me. I need you know, with kids, as they get older, they they're quicker to tell you what they need. You thinking, Well, I'm your parent. You okay, go to bed. We'll get up and do that project. No, my teachers go to film. You know, everything in their mindset, it's the end of the world if it doesn't happen now. And that's not true, and we're no different than them. Matthias, oh, if I don't know you just ask one more time. Yes, you shift your deadline, move things. This is Matthias, this decade is about you. And if, if you can internalize that, Oh, my God, you talk about one happy camper, God's intention for you is sheer joy that everything you touch, you say, no problem. You bring peace to the environment. They're sweating, hyperventilating. No hear me. Go, go away. Go, take a break. Go. Do this. You know, you become a steward of resting. You'll say, You know what you need, and then looking in waiting on some wonderful scientific solution, and you say, go home and be with your kids. What you know? That's exactly what God is saying to you. Matthias, you. Please enjoy this vacation. And if you get in, if you say, Okay, God, I need a break from the kids, and you sneak in a closet or basement, like I'm going to do when I'm tired of them, and you text me and say, Viv, is this good time we did jet that's what we're going to do. Matthias, because that's light. Yeah, yeah. So that's what we're doing. We're sojourners, and you're going to live more than you ever have Matthias, because you've earned it. You've done the work. There's a harvest for you now. You're being developed to manage the harvest and when you feel when you know that's with them. If there's peace about, Okay, God, you're training, you're teaching me, you're shaping me. You're molding me because he, he already has your harvest in place, Matthias, and now you've you're aligning yourself, and not because you're speaking with this, you're aligning yourself in your heart, and that's what counts Yes. And again, I'm just a facilitator. I'm just a steward, I'm a co laborer with God. He said, Okay, this. I need your help with this, and that's that's who I am. He is the ultimate. And you and I both know that yes and so we're going to keep our perspective, we're going to laugh, we're going to have fun, we're going to bring much resolution to what appeared to be dead ends. And oftentimes what appears to be dead in is something that's drawing us to the next thing. Matthias, so it's not our enemy. Challenges are not our enemy, okay? They're our friend to bring us to the next place, to the next landing, if you could keep that in mind, challenges are not our enemy. Difficult People are not our enemy. They're going to bring something out of us that somebody who's nice and kind that we enjoy. Can't, because it's those challenges that cause us to grow. Isn't that good? That's good. That's really good. Yeah, that was good for me too. That was straight from him, for both of us. Yeah, we don't. We shy away from challenges, we hear, we listen, we discern, we use our faculty. Yeah, but you, you, you're, you're, you're, and if I don't, if I don't respond, it's because I'm somewhere in the middle of something with some little people doing something crazy and fun. And then I'll, you know, periodically during this vacation time, look at my phone. You say, Okay, this, when she sees it, she'll get back to me. Then I text you. Is this a good time? No, let's try five in the morning tomorrow. Okay, when everybody sleep, okay, you know, so you have that kind of flexibility for the time that we're working together. Okay, this is not another burden. This will not be a burden. I won't allow it to be. Yep. Okay, yeah, all right, sure. Okay. And then whenever, whenever you want to make your first payment. It's my email, Mrs. B hearn@gmail.com All right. And then, and then the other thing, if it's okay with you, because some people, they keep business records, so I go ahead and I let them pay the fees, but there is no fee on PayPal. If you do friends and family, some people can't, because that's how they do their bookkeeping. But to keep you, you know, away from any extra, which I don't think they're much, but still, if you can save, you know, I would rather that you do, but you can do friends and family, or if that's how you do your bookkeeping for your records, then you know, just go the conventional way of sending it via PayPal when you're ready.

Matthias Miller  19:14
Sounds good, and that's that's one 199 a month. Is that they

Speaker 1  19:18
make 199 a month? Yep, 199 a month for three months, and then you decide if we want to go longer. You decide if you need something different, and you always have the liberty to change. And you know, if you say this, 30 days was good, I'm okay with that, but I asked for three months because I want people to get the result. Matthias, in other words, once we get a rhythm, now let's get you fully settled. Let's get you fully standing and strong in what God is doing, you know, and then I'm available whenever after that. But I'm saying it's about you. It's about what you know your needs are. Mm. Yes, yeah.

Matthias Miller  20:01
And, you know, things, things can change. And we don't always know, but, but I can see this is something that goes beyond just three months, but, but, you know, we can, we can let it, let it play

Speaker 1  20:13
out, and, yeah, we'll let it, we'll let it play out, and we'll see what it is. And then the other thing too, if you have colleagues that you want to participate in any of our calls, they are always welcome if you have family members, you know. So because you may say, Man, I'm we need to talk to these and then get them on the line, and then if we need to get them on a path as well, they're a part of you. They're part of what you're doing. Okay, cool, okay, all right, enjoy, be safe. You guys are driving or flying. We're no we're flying. Okay, okay, you and the baby, we're mama, Yep, that's right. Bless your heart. Bless your heart in your travels. Okay, good. Thank you. Thank you so much. You're welcome. All right, I look forward to hearing and I'm going to lock these numbers in under your name, so if I get a call from any of them, I know it's cool. You cool. All right, look forward to speaking with you the next time we speak, sounds good. You're welcome. Bye, bye. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai