Speaker 1  00:01
And I just saw your text. That's awesome, yeah. And what's amazing, Matthias, okay, I did get a word for you this morning first thing, but between me gathering valor and, you know, doing our breakfast and doing I was like, Okay, God, I'll just have to send it to Matthias, but the word that I got for you this morning, it was right, these four seven, and the Word was, I've given you everything that pertains to life and godliness, that God has given you everything you need. Matthias, well, potato, you're a loaded potato. That's what he said. You're a loaded potato.

Matthias Miller  00:54
Well, you can tell you about my day and and process how this sits together.

Unknown Speaker  00:59
Yeah? Absolutely

Unknown Speaker  01:03
alright. So

Matthias Miller  01:07
this morning, I met with with one of my mentors about the peer group, and we got started talking, and he was like, okay, but like, who are you? Like, who are you becoming? Who are you supposed to be in all of this? So I kind of, kind of shared some of it. Shared, what? Oh, well, okay, something else that happened yesterday, I was meeting with one of my mentors, and he's, he's, like, a prophetic, I mean, like he's, he's, he's in that, in that world of, like hearing from God and walking with him, and he has his own company, and some believers, and some not yet believers, and all of that love it. And so we we started geeking out. He was like, I have to make give you another call, because we spent we got distracted talking about testimonies.

Unknown Speaker  01:57
So but

Matthias Miller  01:59
one of the things he said he was probing with me on my business. One of the things he asked is like, Are you committed? Like, he said, Why construction? The construction industry. And then he then finally, he asked, I have to ask you this question, like, are you actually committed to these people? And he said, You're gonna have to make up your mind. Are you committed to them or not? And, and I realized that, I mean, I've had favor with them, okay, and, but there's it just pointed out a level of self doubt in me of actually committing to them and running with them. So that was like, that was like, point one, okay, and then, and then yesterday, when I was meeting with, with my, with my friend of mine, about the peer group, and he was asking me this question. And then with it too, he so I started looking at the whole concept of the peer group, of like, what, what is it in the peer group that ties back to these people? And his advice to me was that the peer group is like, kind of like a nonprofit thing. It's like, save two, three or four down the road, okay? And that maybe, I mean, my goal really has been, has been like, how can I get some cash flow going? And I briefly raised the idea of the of the marketing coaching that he was, that I've been exploring with Angelica, and he jumped, he, like, jumped on it. He was like, that's, that's where the money's at. Like, that's hot. Go chase that. Okay, so then I'm sitting here thinking, like, Well, what do I do with this person who can't get out of her own way to, like, actually make this thing happen, and is overthinking this whole thing? And I was like, I can take that whole program. I can I can simplify it, I can train on most of it, and I can do the coaching. And I'll still, I'll still be be better off, like I could still get really high leverage time off of that, and with time, I can coach somebody else on. I mean, we can find somebody else to fill my space as my time becomes more in demand, but I think it's really doable. Okay? And so I started, so what is it that's good news?

Unknown Speaker  04:36
It is good news

Matthias Miller  04:37
because I got eight people, 10 people, sitting on a comment post asking for free training for how they can do this. So all I have to do is get them on a zoom and talk them through. I'm not going to tell them how how to do it step by step, but I'll talk them through the big picture of how you do this, nice and and invite them to a conversation which is basically just a sales call for my coach. Program,

Unknown Speaker  05:01
excellent. I love it.

Unknown Speaker  05:04
And it's, it's,

Matthias Miller  05:06
it's simple, it's in high demand. And so like, this is what I'm working okay, and something else I'm working out with a friend of mine who's a graphics designer. I basically told him, Look, here's, here's what I want to do. I want to have an onboarding document for these guys. They answer a bunch of questions, they get you a bunch of pictures you can even and he was like, I'll even teach them how to take a nice profile picture on their phone. I was like, sounds good. I'll get that stuff to you, and I want you to give back to me all of the social media aspects they need on their Facebook profile. So that's said and done in part of their coaching program. So you sign on three days later, you're you're getting your Well, three days later, you've got your Facebook profile up and running. In the meantime, you're doing all of the research that you need to do to get the party started. So by day three, after signing on, like you're in action mode. I love it.

Unknown Speaker  06:00
And I'm like, Yes,

Matthias Miller  06:04
I'm so excited. We could. We could. This is the kind of thing you can set all day, every day, all day long. Yeah,

Speaker 2  06:09
people need it and then,

Matthias Miller  06:15
and the coaching then is super simple. You just have scheduled calls and tell them to show up with their questions, and that's what I do best. Anyway, I do awesome at that. And these are not, these are not the Perrys of the world that I'm coaching. So

Speaker 1  06:30
yeah, and there you go. And then guess what? You never know this could be the path to the Perrys of the world. You know what I'm saying? That's true. Only God knows, only God, only God knows. But I tell you what, take that first step, and then the rest is a walk and a run and a leap and a jump, and that's so powerful, because I'm going to, I guess it's time to tell you this. Matthias, you're a shepherd, you heard the sheep, Yeah, you heard the sheep, yeah. And, you know what? And that was what I wanted to tell you. And I said, I don't think it's time, I don't think it's time, but now that you got all this excitement going, you know, things are in rhythm. And, yeah, you're a shepherd, but this is what we have to understand. Was David in a pulpit. No, neither will you ever see, but you don't have fear. You don't have to see. One of our greatest fear is God, I am not allowed to be standing behind some crazy desk talking to people all day. That is not my thing. But guess what? God didn't design you that way. So you can throw that out the window. And if anybody has those types of aspirations for you, throw them out the window too. Okay? Because that's the problem we are caused to dominate the Earth. Matthias not a DAG on pulpit. Yeah, it's true, yeah. And that's our resolve. It's like, no, don't give me a mic and throw me behind a desk and then tell me when to show up and when to sit down and what? No, that's not you, so get that out their head. And those that are hounding you and chasing you down trying to put you behind the pulpit tell them, No thanks. That's not where God has called me. And most people have a challenge doing that, because we think the only way to please God is behind a doggone desk. What a mighty helper. Knows, no, yeah, you're a shepherd, so herd your dog gone. Marketing cheap, just get the herding brother, you know, and I love the fact that David, he was not caught the king that sit on the throne. He was the king to enlarge God's territory. So please don't give me a building. I need to go get the land.

Speaker 2  09:11
Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  09:14
Keep that tucked in your top pocket. Okay, you know your little pocket, you know your little food jacket pocket. Tuck that in there and remind yourself every time it looks like my creeping up on you. No, no, thank you. I don't need a mic, nope. Now, if you give me a mic, I better be developing somebody. I better be improving somebody's life practically. You know not the philosophical la, la, la, yeah, the word is true. But guess what? It's powerful. It changes world Matthias, and that's what we supposed to be in the business of, yeah, Jesus lets those disciples. Was in three years, and he went on about his business, and the rest was up to the Holy Ghost. So I love the idea of three days. And then here's the thing, keep great records. Matthias. Every client you get have a folder. Remember? We talked about that? Yeah, we did. And you Yeah, and keep notes in that folder for every client. Matthias, you know, you're the you're the software. Man, build you a software where you got names, dates. Time to say Yeah, we talked last week, because it's all documented. You see what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah. That's got to be tight. Oh boy. People love the personable touch. And if I don't remember what you said to me last I'm in trouble, especially if you're hiring me.

Unknown Speaker  10:56
Yeah, true. All right. Tracking System.

Unknown Speaker  11:09
It's got to be, it's got to be tight and right.

Speaker 1  11:18
And I mean, dates and times are everything Matthias, because if you're dealing with the world, people are going to be on different time zones. You know what I'm saying? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  11:31
and so, and if, I mean, it's a simple thing, if they, if they submit their questions beforehand, I've got that

Unknown Speaker  11:38
time to go review it. There you go and review them. And it's also the if I have them in my little memos journal, also the chance to

Matthias Miller  11:54
drove into places that and guide them in places that,

Unknown Speaker  11:57
oh yeah, might not be bringing up.

Speaker 1  12:00
And you have the grace for that Matthias, and guess what? You went through the ringer yourself. So you know, you know you know what it feels like to go through the

Unknown Speaker  12:10
ringer. Yeah, yes,

Speaker 1  12:12
I do. Yes, I do. And you know what it is for paradigm to be torn down and demolished? Oh, yeah,

Matthias Miller  12:22
yeah, cool. Well, my family just came home. I actually beat them home this time.

Unknown Speaker  12:28
Okay, all right,

Speaker 2  12:30
let's talk as we go. Cool, awesome. Appreciate

Speaker 1  12:34
it. Vivian, love you. Have a great evening. Blessings. Love you too.

Unknown Speaker  12:38
Thanks. Okay, bye, bye. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai