Speaker 1  00:00
Saw so much in this meeting. I saw a lot and and all I saw was promise. I need you to write that word down. And the promise is the promise tied up in the promise. Matthias, how much time do we have?

Matthias Miller  00:23
Yeah, I've got 30 minutes. I've got, like, I had another thing with Mindy, but I just let her know. We'll catch up tomorrow. It's

Speaker 1  00:32
fine. Okay, okay, yeah, well, 30 minutes should be sufficient. Definitely, word promise, Matthias and promise is your new platform. And, and I'm saying this new phase of business because there are some amazing things you have listed there, the new branding. So when one thing I've learned about new whenever, if you could see it again. The analogy is always a baby. Every time you get a new baby, you never know what you're getting. Yeah, the baby unpacks itself, right? Yeah, you you know how to get the bottle. You know how to get the Pampers. We know how to keep food on the table, all of those extended needs, but the internal needs, only God can direct you, and that's going to be the same thing with your customers, your Client, but there's always got to be room and space for that client to identify how you should serve them, work with them, keep a lasting relationship, because that's what children do. For example, Valerie, now it's interesting because he's right on schedule like he's he's doing so well with his schedule, it scares me. It frightens me. Matthias, so once he's done with lunch, we gotta play with the balloon. We gotta do something to go, be it. He gets in my bed, and it's the trampoline. That trampoline part sounds like a winner. Burn them out. Burn them out, yes. And so after he plays with the because we can't do a normal ball, because my house would be destroyed. So it's like, get a balloon, something light, and we play with the balloon and do what we do to keep them physically doing something. And then I'll say valor. It's nap time. He goes and gets his cover, gets on his couch, and puts his head on the pillow, and he's done. And that's because I know once I've said him, once we've played, he's out of here, because it gets us so early. But I'm studying him, Matthias and so those those clients, and as Mindy grows and learns, and that'll be a conversation we'll have, you know, if Holy Spirit lead us that way, it'll be about working with the client is always a dance, and the client always the lead in the dance. You could write that down. Yeah? Guess what? You don't have to say it,

Matthias Miller  03:32
yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  03:34
that's always a dance, and they always lead. And when you're dancing with a partner and they're leading, you follow their lead, yep, and you be honest and true. That's what integrity is about. Saying we can do that, but right now we don't know if we can do this. Yeah, that's in the door, that transparency, and that's what builds confidence, is when we are honest and enough to say what we can do and what we cannot do or what we're not able to do at this very moment, because faith in this phase, we have to do this, and then we'll look at it again, and you know, and it's just like a pregnant mom, she don't know what to expect. Messiah, yeah, so she has, she has quarterly checkups, and so making sure those timeframe checkups are in place, that every 30 days will reach out to you, or every 15 days, or every because then you have a scheduled structure of This is going to be our relationship. You know, the and the physician, the pediatrician, will tell you, a newborn has to be fed every four hours.

Matthias Miller  04:53
We've got, we've got a lot of that stuff. Got a lot of that stuff built out. There's always room to. To kind of make it better, but

Speaker 1  05:02
excellent, yeah. And so yeah, and just watching that. And when you're building a structure and you're talking about something that you said you want, repetitively, this is how we do it again. That's just like having a baby. You know, that was the first 30 days. It's about them sleeping, and then after that, they're awake a little longer, you know, and then you get into that for every four hour rhythm, yeah, so there will be some consistency. And that's what's powerful, is that you guys are documenting everything, and you're building up that path, that path is being laid brick by brick, yeah, and if, if Mindy could see it that way, that we're laying bricks, and once we lay each brick, we'll Have a path. Yeah, yeah,

Matthias Miller  05:59
makes sense.

Speaker 1  06:02
And that's easy terminology. You could even say however. You know, what fits the culture and the character and the mission. You can come up with a word and say, We're laying whatever it is, you know, if it's not bricks, we're laying a pathway. We're laying, I don't know. You can come up, or a road signs, or, you know, into the finish line. Yeah, yeah, but that language, as Mindy said, is really awesome, because you're actually creating a universe Matthias that doesn't exist. And most and most software designer could share limits the anxiety of the client, yeah, and that's what's going to going to cut it's going to make you a cut of the rest. They felt like it was their brother building their software, excuse me, or their sister or their cousin or their aunt or, you know what I'm saying, Yep, that personable touch, which is Very obvious in your mission, yeah, yeah. Very powerful

Matthias Miller  07:22
that actually sheds some light into the

Unknown Speaker  07:28
it

Matthias Miller  07:30
was a project, the payroll project I was talking about. I'm working on that with a colleague of mine.

Unknown Speaker  07:36
Okay, and

Matthias Miller  07:40
there's just a, there's, there's, it's his, it's his client. He's hiring us and Ellis to to do work for for them. Okay? And we had a little bit of a conflict today, because it kind of came down to that, and it's kind of is that values difference? Because if we're going to work with them, then, then we need to make sure, well, it wasn't actually, I'm sorry it wasn't. That wasn't even their client, but we've seen it working with his client. There's another client that we've been working with, and if we're going to be working with them, part of our values basis is, I

Matthias Miller  08:24
is a willingness to be stretched, yeah, in certain ways, to accommodate their desires and their needs.

Speaker 1  08:33
Okay, beautiful. And that goes back to that dance partner, Matthias, that whoever, for example, if you're willing to yield, like you know, we're in this whole concern of the what is it, the peaceful transfer of power? Yep, and so Matthias, humble is always the way. Because when we humble ourselves, we learn, we learn our partner, we learn who we're in the dance with. We learn who we came to the dance with. You see what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah. And so real important when there's partnerships,

Matthias Miller  09:16
that's true.

Speaker 1  09:17
Always important. Who did I come to? Because we don't know our dance partner, in most cases, not a new one. Yeah. And so who is this? I've come to the dance. So there's a two fold thing going on. That's that whole building that collaboration, but at the same time, who is this I'm building a collaboration with. So those both consecutively will be going on, you know, whether it's times you're learning about who you who it is you're partnering with, and then it's times you're learning about what is it, you know, how do we get to our end goal? You. Yeah, that dual thing, and those are the type of things I wanted to always talk about, always, yeah, always

Matthias Miller  10:14
makes sense.

Speaker 1  10:16
Because if that's going to always go on, because you'll have where you'll have to contract others, yeah, or partner with dodges. So that's good training.

Matthias Miller  10:33
That's helpful, yep, yep.

Speaker 1  10:39
Makes sense. Yeah, yeah. So there's so much to learn, and I love learning. I love the unknown Matthias, because it offers us so much that we didn't have before. Yeah, it's going to add something to us, be it maturity, be it strength, be it discernment, be it wisdom. You know you, I mean, experience is the same as gold. And I love that. Was it an Emerson quote? Quote, or, who was it? Yeah, I think

Matthias Miller  11:17
it was Emerson. Okay,

Speaker 1  11:19
yeah, yeah. And that's what, what your world, that your world, that's the essence of building software you have to stay open. Yeah, yeah. Well, good job, yeah. And if I can get those documents, that would be excellent, and I'll commit them to prayer. I'll

Matthias Miller  11:43
do that. Would you have time for a few more questions? Sure. So I had my alarm set for 430 well, okay, let me back up. Yes. Normally, Sunday afternoons are, well, let me back up even further. Normally, Saturdays are family day, and Sunday we go to church, and kids take naps, and usually Sunday afternoon is my time. I block out about two hours, and I plan my entire week. And yesterday, it felt really important to take Dante to the batting cages, and so we did that Sunday afternoon, and so I didn't have a chance to do that. And this is one of those things of figuring out my rhythm, and I'm not sure exactly where all these pieces fit in. Today was really an off day for me, and I think partially because I didn't have have clarity on some of those pieces. But then also, I woke up at 430 this morning, well, because that's when my alarm was set, and I ended up going back back to bed and sleeping, sleeping a little bit longer, but sleeping and praying at the same time, but what woke up super heavy in my spirit was was in our church, they're planning to bring yet another person onto the leadership team, and it's been nothing but a revolving door the last number of years.

Matthias Miller  13:29
And I'm not looking for more stuff to do, but I'm like, some of this stuff is just not okay, and yet, it's one of those things that I don't know. It's kind of like the political scene when you've got people pointing their fingers and everybody denying anything is going on. It's not really a productive conversation.

Speaker 1  13:52
No, it isn't. So what's your role in Matthias? What's your role? I

Matthias Miller  14:07
I know what I want my role to be. I want my role just to be, to be out of it, not be affected by it. I don't know that I have that choice. Okay

Unknown Speaker  14:14
and tell me why you don't have the choice. I

Matthias Miller  14:24
well, I do have a choice. It means, really, for me not to be that stuff is going to be staring me in the face anytime I show up there until it's dealt with. And so it's either, it's either finding a way to ignore it when I'm there, or finding a different place to

Speaker 1  14:45
take my family. Okay? And so what Tell me, what the consequences, the blessing and the curse of that would be,

Matthias Miller  14:56
of which one the. First,

Unknown Speaker  15:02
yeah, the first, the

Matthias Miller  15:04
blessing of that, which would simply

Matthias Miller  15:15
be, I'll be honest, most of the blessing feels like it's for other people, not for me. Okay, there's a

Speaker 1  15:21
lot of, how long have you felt that way? Matthias, how long have you felt that um,

Matthias Miller  15:33
well, I mean, ever since I'm out of leadership, for sure, it's been like so it's been at least a year and a half, okay? And it's definitely, you know, that's been, definitely been stronger there, but it's probably persisted longer than that,

Speaker 1  15:51
okay? And what's the root cause of the dilemma with leadership, with it being a revolving door, what's that root cause?

Matthias Miller  16:03
There's a there's an individual in leadership who is from everything I can see, has a long history, both in the professional and in the in the church world of of breaking off relationships. And I don't know whether it's blindness and ignorance or whether it's intentionality, but leaving a trail of of hurt individuals behind him.

Speaker 1  16:32
Okay? And what's that person's role in the church?

Matthias Miller  16:39
I mean, he's basically the lead pastor. Technically, he's the chairman of the elder board, but he's basically the lead pastor.

Unknown Speaker  16:44
Okay? And how long has he been the lead, um,

Matthias Miller  16:51
for, I want to say maybe five, four or five. Who know it's been more than that, six or seven years? Maybe

Speaker 1  17:01
okay? And so what you're experiencing, is there a consensus on the leadership team, or are there pockets of people that are experiencing the same thing? Or are you view him that way? Do you know?

Matthias Miller  17:21
So I think, I think there are definitely pockets of people who are experiencing the

Speaker 1  17:32
same thing. So in becoming a leader, and I'm serious about this, and I'm I'm chuckling, because I've experienced it more than one. Mind you. My question is, did you agree to becoming a leader, or was it? How did that happen? Like, how did that become? Because it's been a year or longer that you've been a part of the leadership

Matthias Miller  18:03
team? No, it's been a year and a half that I've come off of it

Speaker 1  18:08
that I was removed. Okay, so you removed yourself, or that you was removed?

Matthias Miller  18:15
Well, it depends who you ask, but it was I was removed.

Unknown Speaker  18:20
And tell me why, why?

Matthias Miller  18:25
So the specific issue is that, that that the denomination required, they require individuals in leadership to share personal beliefs that align directly with the congregation. In this particular instance, I did not have the same personal conviction of their their stance on divorce and remarriage and and so in the words of the leadership team, basically say, they said, Look, we have no we have no problem believing that, that you will be supportive and you won't undermine where we're at. But for the sake of, you know, for the sake of, I don't know, setting a precedent. We don't we. We like, we're not willing to make any kind of accommodations. I

Speaker 1  19:28
don't know. Okay, so did you know that about that ministry prior to you and your family being there,

Matthias Miller  19:38
it was never really an issue, like and it, it didn't, no, it didn't, I mean, it didn't really come up until

Speaker 1  19:49
that leadership piece, yeah, okay, and so once that was stated, once that was stated, yeah. And you were no longer a part of the leadership team. What? How? What was you and your wife's response? Like, were you saying, okay, but not a part? I mean, is it a joint thing with you and your wife, or is it just you and your wife supports you in being a leader? I'm

Matthias Miller  20:24
not sure if I understand your question.

Speaker 1  20:26
For example, in some ministries, in some ministries, usually it's, you know, people are big on husband and wife teams, and so when there's a leadership position, it's to both, you know, and my question is, was it to just you becoming a leader, or was it you and your wife as a team?

Matthias Miller  20:54
Well, from a personal standpoint, there was a lot of I would have seen it as both. But then, from a practical standpoint, as far as the actual involvement with the church it was, it ended up basically

Speaker 1  21:14
being me, okay, okay, and so. And the reason why I asked, because I wanted to know what was your wife's thoughts on it, on you becoming a leader. And then this discussion arises, and then it's okay. And I don't know how they did that, you know, but did they make an announcement to the church, or how did they share that change being made? And I'm asking these questions for a reason.

Matthias Miller  21:49
So they, well, they they initially had a very open ended meeting inviting input from the church. And then, I mean, there were some some prior conversations, some conversations prior to that, had had kind of that open meeting with the men of the church. And then the evening before a leadership meeting, they mentioned that they wanted to talk about it, and then the morning of the leadership team meeting, they shared their decision,

Unknown Speaker  22:26
I'm sorry, Matthias say that last part again.

Matthias Miller  22:28
The evening before a leadership meeting, they indicated that they wanted to discuss it, Mm, hmm. And then the next morning, they shared their decision,

Unknown Speaker  22:40
okay? And they shared it with the congregation. That

Matthias Miller  22:43
was, that was with me privately, and then, and then, during a church meeting, shared their decision with the congregation,

Speaker 1  22:53
okay? And that's interesting. So I really, because Imma tell you Matthias, I really wanted that. I can't move from that. You know what I'm saying. I don't, I don't want to move from that and and so my question is, where are you with that right now? Like, how are you sitting with that? How is that affecting you?

Matthias Miller  23:49
I Well, I want to say that I've done my best to let go and move on. I think there's still a part of me that feels kind of, I don't know, violated and like it was a bit of a cold and heartless and insensitive approach to it. And

Matthias Miller  24:10
I think one of the hardest parts is simply, I

Speaker 1  24:26
it was a total violation. Matthias, totally, totally and your your feelings are valid and you don't. You don't have to ignore them. You, it what? What's the place and you loving God and being committed to God has nothing to do with their I want to say like this, Matthias, their culture and way of doing things that has nothing to do with who you are as a man of God, we. Your wife to your you know what I'm saying? Yeah, all that, that, that, and the blessing is you have in your heart, Matthias, the heart to forgive people, and you know, continue to walk and love God and be who God is calling you to be, because the evidence is there of the culture. And guess what? It's like being in a rainstorm. It's not your fault, it's the tree blow and you gotta run and duck before it hits you on the head. Right? Yeah, yeah, it's called a matter of circumstance. In other words, I was in that Blizzard, and it's not my fault that it blew the tree my tree on my neighbor's car. Yeah, it's called victim of circumstance. Do you hear what I'm saying? Yep, and also what I've learned Matthias in situations like that, that God will allow those situations to show you what people are absolutely capable of. You can always think in your heart, I wonder, you know, or you can, you can see the evidence of some things, and then God will put you put proof right in your faith. You know what I'm saying. And again, your relationship with God, Matthias is your relationship with God. And things are situational. You know, cultures are situational, Matthias, and just like you're building this, this beautiful foundation for your business, Matthias, from what you experience, you will build an amazing foundation, and you will be so sensitive to people and their lives. You know, you've been extremely sensitive. And I honestly believe that God will allow things to happen to us. I don't know if I ever said this to you, Matthias, that there is a school called the School of what never to do.

Matthias Miller  27:24
Yes, I don't know if you said that, but yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  27:27
I believe so. And I can I have my master's degree and what not to do, I promise you. And it appears that God will oftentimes put us in a in the School of what not to do, before he put us in the School of what to do, Matthias, to make sure there are some things we never do to a person. I mean, never, ever, ever like that. Should Never. You know the Word of God says, Let this not be once named among you. You know, certain things he said, Don't let that be named amongst you. And I believe that a lot of what we experience sometimes are things that God says, as you are never to do that, because you are acquainted with degree of what it's like to experience that thing you Oh yeah. I really want to talk about this more, and you know that, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, because there is some healing that has to take place, and I applaud you for enduring. I'm going to say it the way I'm hearing it, enduring hardness like a good soldier. You know, I've learned Matthias that when God designs me, come on baby, we're going this way. Come on down. I've learned that when, when God positions me to change change something or to reform something, I thought he puts me in the thick of it, and I get it clearly, Okay, God, this is not the way you want things Done. And that has been my takeaway in those instances, this is not the way you want things done. And I went through that over and over, and I shared with you about a particular leadership that I was with, and because I was not officially one of the leaders, and what was taking place, right? No, we didn't ask you to do it, but God, did. That's where you are. There's some things he is absolutely asking you to do and and guess what? He's going to get the glory, and he's going to get the honor out of it. It, and it has nothing to do with traditions and the rudiments of men, and that's what God wants you to know. Matthias, yeah, you're breaking the mold for foolery. And I was having this conversation with someone yesterday about the church we see is not the church we're going to see Matthias, that the church we will see will be built by God and not man. And often times we're experiencing the handiwork of man, which is so defiled. Yeah, so contaminated that that's all we're going to get out of it is a broken a broken system that's not of God, yeah? So he'll let it. He'll allow us, Matthias, to get a good dose, a good dose of what not to do, and we won't be caught alive doing it. I'm telling you, I love it, and the fruit of that is so awesome Matthias, because when it's time for a change, God brings the catalyst to make the change, but we gotta see the need for the change. So you're that man. You are that man. I'm excited. As usual, your world changes, and God gives you permission to change it. And so there's going to be a whole lot of changes coming up in your life, and they're going to be and the changes, the transition will be smoother than butter. You're going to see that, yeah, smoother than butter.

Speaker 1  32:00
Yeah, we had no idea we will be having this conversation, and it was just from what I saw, from what you were sharing, you know, with your team or with our teamwork. It's unheard to have Matthias. This is a new I just kept hearing he's creating a whole new universe, and we don't really need one Matthias. So what are your thoughts?

Matthias Miller  32:41
Well, it's easy to think that I'm crazy when I'm when it feels like this is probably one of those, which is one of the lies that Elijah was assaulted with in the places that he had to confront. And I think, I think just, I mean, for so long I've been seeing this. And anyway, so God, just give me wisdom, wisdom and boldness to walk out whatever it is and humility to walk out whatever it is I need to walk out in this,

Speaker 1  33:27
oh, yeah. And this is, this is how we can make it, made in those places that are extremely uncomfortable, you know. And again, that quote says it all, that's your journey. Yeah, that is, this is your calling. This this is what brings God glory in your life. This is very road that you're traveling. You it's very road and this. And you know what I love? I always think about the scripture that if we be willing and obedient, we will eat the good of the land. He didn't say if we were perfect and we knew the entire No. He didn't say that. He said willing, yeah, uh huh, and obedient. And you're waking up every day committed to God and and that's where the commitment is real, Matthias, because men will do stuff where you just want to research it. We want you want to regurgitate I'm like, You're kidding me. But then Matthias, what needs light more than darkness?

Speaker 1  34:59
The. Light doesn't need light, yeah, darkness does. And so you're called down that path I'm telling you, Matthias, when you break through. And you know, we always think about glass ceilings, but when you break through these strongholds, is what I hear. Yeah, they're broken once and for all. One of the things that Holy Spirit told Egypt was, turn around. You know, Moses, turn around. Take a look the enemies you see, you will see no more forever. Wow. Yeah. And believe me, they had a nasty, ugly enemy. He was they were nasty. But he said, turn around, take a look the enemy. You see, you will see no more forever. So once you've gone through this, Matthias, you'll never go through this again. Yeah, you don't have to. And like you said, you pack your little happy family and move on down the road, because nothing gets you to your next destination. Like a pharaoh, when God wanted to move. He raised himself a pharaoh. I'm telling you, Matthias nothing, because you know, and I'll say this, and I'm not saying this is your case. The one thing I know, when we get comfortable, we could settle in. I'm here forever, and God's like, No, you're not. Yeah, yeah. You just want to unpack and just sell. He said, I keep you back, keep your bag, yeah, but he can trust you, Matthias, and it's all about you and God there. And that's what I love anytime. And I've been there anytime I didn't measure up to man standards. I rejoice. You know why I said, God, getting ready?

Speaker 1  37:14
The only reason you see my life stay in for a great lesson, not a good lesson. And so. And then she says, He will spread a table in the presence of who, all your buddies,

Matthias Miller  37:31
all my enemies,

Speaker 1  37:33
man, you got to sit right there till God tell you, pack your pack your drill bag and go, yeah, he's because your enemies need to see me. And you, wow, oh, Matthias, I've seen it 100 times. I would cry to God, please, please give me ideas. And, you know, and then he will begin to talk to me about this. I got this. You know, this is my plan. I'm like but you don't let me know before I grew up. If you love me, you know guys, I know I love you enough to strengthen you, to build you up, to put endurance in your heart Vivian, because you know how I think about the different enemies that Joshua had. I mean, they going after one. They had to deal with one after another, after another, so they finished all those items. Yeah, I don't know how many I You gotta finish off, you Matthias, but you were built on because what did I see? Did i i didn't see an enlisted man? I saw commissions officer. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  39:02
you're the man for the job and the

Matthias Miller  39:05
job and the joke today, it's the job.

Speaker 1  39:08
It's the job. I'm telling you Matthias, but I can say this. I want you to read Matthew five.

Speaker 1  39:22
Okay? I want you to read it, and the next time me and you have a conversation, I want you to tell me everything you extracted out of them that one chapter. And I love giving homework. So, yeah, add that to your list,

Unknown Speaker  39:41
I'm reprioritizing Matthew five. I want that move to the top of your list.

Speaker 1  39:50
Yeah, and when you read it, it's gonna bless your song and ask God to bury that in your heart. You.

Speaker 1  40:03
Hmm, wow, because you're going to have to teach others. My guy is here. I was about to call you Matthew, but you're going to have to teach others the very thing that God is giving you the grace to overcome and be more than a conqueror, and going to have to, because, guess what? He wastes nothing, Matthias, nothing, and I'm excited, and I can't wait for the table, sir. I want, I want. I want that table to be Purdy.

Matthias Miller  40:53
And I can't wait to see all those little eyeballs all around it, everybody who said they were going to get me first.

Speaker 1  41:05
He said our enemies are us. Are our footstool, yeah, yeah, yeah. He said he would, he said he would put Satan where under our feet. No way should Satan have any of us in a chokehold. Yeah? It's like,

Speaker 1  41:26
and Matthew is going to put you right in that posture where every lion devil that want to hinder your destiny, your call and your purpose. Because listen, you know what my thoughts, and I kept hearing this, I was like, Oh Lord, I don't know if I should tell him this. I'm telling you when I saw, when I saw, what I saw today in our meeting, you're thinking, Oh Lord, I don't know why you got Vivian in my business like this, because my thoughts, I'm not leaving a stone unturned, because God knows who you are, okay, who did I compare you to jobs? What's that other man's name, gates and Buck man, the gang, the crew? Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, the software squad, yeah, the big money squad. God is making you from nothing Matthias, and he specializes in that. I love him, boy, I have no business knowing what I know. I have no bad business talking to the people I'm telling you, I am just one walking misfit, and I love it, yeah, cuz it's God, and it brings me great joy. Yeah, oh yeah. Love what you do and do what you love. Matthias, love what you do and do what you love. And Billie Holiday has a song Diana Ross when she did Lady Sings the Blues. And Billie Holiday ended up an addict, think a cocaine addict, or whatever. The drug of that time was heroin or cocaine. I think it was heroin. And she wrote a song, and the lyrics that always stand out to me, and I am not a singer, Matthias, every now and then, it comes out, good, okay, one of the part of the lyrics of that song was, ain't nobody's business if I do. She was a blues finger, and she was with a messed up, jacked up man. He was just a nightmare. And her song, the song she wrote, I think I forget the name of, but it was about how good her man was, but I don't know if he was, I think that the pianist who, who accompanied, accompanied her, was the drug dealer. I just don't remember. I need to go back to that movie was Lady Sings the Blues, but it was a song. She song ain't nobody's business if I do. And I mean, I don't care what y'all think, this is what I'm doing. Yeah, yeah. And that's yeah, that's gotta be you, Matthias, ain't nobody's business if you do this. Is everything you're called to do. Matthias, is you and God's business, as a matter of fact, he want those sides to run from you like they got the blue blonde plague. I have root blunt. I don't remember that, but anyway, they need to run from you like you got to play it, because you stand for righteousness and not for I service. Get a real deal. So you must. Be persecuted. Okay, that's key. When they persecuted you. You doing everything, right, bro, you understand they beat Jesus to a pope. They beat Paul to a pope because they was doing what God do? You understand me? The Word of God persecution comes for the sake of the word Matthias, yeah, yeah. So what are your thoughts?

Matthias Miller  45:39
Well, you want to make sure the double barrel shotgun doesn't doesn't get rusty and unused the I

Unknown Speaker  45:49
think one

Matthias Miller  45:54
of the things that kind of became clear, because one of the other things that really hit me today was Like, when we were talking on Friday afternoon, everything became like, like, the new idea that I had became super clear, this is like, this is all tied together, but, but then this morning, I just found myself questioning and doubting, and it's like, there's a lot, lot of other people who are doing this kind of thing that have better credentials and would want to charge less money than I'd want to charge, and maybe spend more time with people than I want to spend, and and maybe more qualified than, well, maybe not really more qualified, but whatever, more qualified than I am. And as you were talking, it's like this, there's this same kind of thing that's in in both settings. There's this, there's this. There's so many different pieces every every system that good systems are systems that set people free bad systems, or systems that keep people enslaved, where, if you contradict the system, it's it reinforces it. And one of that, one of those reinforcing systems, is, is this whole system of, let me create a standard, but let me create a standard of other people, and let me get you to compare yourself to other people, so that you have an unbeatable standard always.

Speaker 1  47:30
And let me tell you, there's only one standard, Matthias, and it's the standard that God has written on the tables of your heart. Yeah, and Bob man, I'm telling you, Matthias man is so counterfeit, yeah, so just a critical soul, you know, just, just take a good look at the Pharisees. And it said, You see, Paul denounced him. Yeah, he was, like, it was a pile of what he called it a pile of something. He called this dog, you know, we got the word for it. And then, and then Jesus confront him and say, you lose low, down, dirty, here's the prick. I mean, I'm sure if he could have swore, he would have cussed him out. He's like, I'm the son of God. Y'all better be glad God is my Father, because Matthias, he's like, How dare you go get a daggone cow out the dead. But then you say, oh, we can't do this. And get on my face. I'm gonna get this thing about I'm gonna get this I'm gonna heal this man every Sabbath. God give me. I'm gonna heal somebody with your crazy rudiments of me and law, first of all, I learned Matthias, and I love sharing it is this, I say to people, there is a there isn't enough fancy to get in where God is not going to come after you. There isn't enough sand in the earth, yeah, yeah, to compile itself on our lives that will stop him. Have you? Have you heard relentless love?

Matthias Miller  49:40
I don't know if I might have, I don't know for sure. Oh,

Speaker 1  49:45
my God. Matthias, I'm going to send you the link. It's a YouTube it's a song on YouTube, and this, oh my God. It says he will kick down every wall. He will tear down every lie coming after us. Yeah. Yeah, with his relentless love. Love is so relentless. Matthias, I, you know, I know God is looking outside all of you, if, if Jesus had not done, I would throw the kid in the caboodle in hell. That's how much chaos is running around here right now. Yeah, all did he say Matthias and VIV has sinned and come short of the glory of God? He said, I'll have oh, so get your finger out my face is huh on my face, wow, yeah, yep, you're straight as an arrow. You know why you're the righteousness of God in Christ. Jesus, your household, is the righteousness of God in Christ. Jesus, your children, children children to the 1000 generation because you gave your life to Christ. Matthias is the righteousness of God in Christ. Jesus. Now, yes, they gotta submit to Him. They gotta love him. They gotta accept him. But guess what? Because of their father, grandfather, great grandfather, Matthias, God is not gonna kill him, yeah, until we absolutely know they've had an opportunity to accept Jesus. Do you hear me? Matthias, yeah, feeling a foundation that people wouldn't even understand. Not only are you affecting the children in your life, you affect them posterity. Yeah, you're affecting the marketplace. You're affecting cities and websites of where they reach the whole world. So Satan got to come after you and beat you in the head every chance he gets you taking his spot. He's the principal power to air man. This about the airway, the cyber wave, whatever we want to call them. Yeah, you a front line killer. You're an assassin. On evil. You're a portal. Matthias, don't get me started. So, so we, we gonna have to debrief every time. But man, I'm excited about what I see. I'm gonna contain myself. Yeah, yeah. You are a Bill Gates, Steve Jobs, Warren Buffett waiting to happen. Now you can sit in the corner and act like it ain't happening, but I'm not sitting in the corner acting like it ain't happening. Yeah, yeah. You're in the center of the will of God Matthias, and I'm not letting you get out of it. But you feel a foot now, you know, I hit the double barrel in your nose. If you feel a foot in your back, if Vivian's not size nine, okay, but I got my my foot is propped up on your back, only two inches from your back. You back up. You're gonna feel a big nine. Okay, yeah, yeah, that's God, yep. Okay, cool. So that's the time we need to talk. Send me, Send me my good my deliverables, and we go from there, and I'm gonna go, I'm goat before God, concerning all of it, not just what's on paper, what's not on paper. All right, sir, so when you feel like you've been shot out of the cannon, you have because guess what do you not gonna be the only one praying man? I got

Unknown Speaker  54:20
a ridiculous field team of intercessors. Yeah, I'm pulling out the seals on you and yours.

Speaker 1  54:34
Wow. Yeah, you are heavily guarded, heavily and heavenly guarded. That's what you signed up for, sir. It's what you listen like. I said. You never know what you're saying yes to. This is what you saying yes to, sir. That's why I said be. Eric like, oh, shoot, I need to know you 90 days I hear what you saying.

Speaker 1  55:15
You know what we do in Chicago? We gangbangers, right? Al Capone town, okay, oh yeah, oh yeah, all right, you know where Michael Jordan came from, these parts,

Matthias Miller  55:32
yep, yep,

Speaker 1  55:35
all those mothers. So no problem. Mr. Miller, it was good having our debrief. Yeah, I'm souping it up, man, we gonna win the championship. Okay, okay, Shaq, we gonna win Yeah? What to do? What to do? I'm gonna tell you what to do. You better get out here and play your heart out. Act like your pants is on Friday.

Speaker 1  56:13
Yeah, so you're dealing with a gangbanger from Chicago. A serious kingdom. We'll forget that church stuff. No Kingdom gang back. Okay, I'm on, I'm on assignment from the King. Yep. Man did not send me. Yeah, alright, dear. I hope you recover from our debris.

Matthias Miller  56:36
This is the recovery, so it's good,

Speaker 1  56:39
okay, yeah, amen, amen and amen put a period on. Yup, okay, alright, so just keep me posted on what we need to talk about, what I need, you know, just whatever it is, Matthias, yeah, I'll keep you in the loop. Okay, I'll

Matthias Miller  56:59
get that stuff either set up to go out tomorrow morning, and I shared the document with you already, and then I'll get that email set out to go out every Tuesday morning so that it's done by the time. So that'll be

Speaker 1  57:11
excellent. Yeah, God is sharing you up, shaping you up, man, he ain't playing with you. Matthias, he sent you a full blooded prophet. Yep. Breathing down your neck.

Matthias Miller  57:28
Cool, appreciate it. All

Unknown Speaker  57:30
right. Jen, love you guys. Blessing.

Matthias Miller  57:32
All right, thanks. Vivian, Love you too. Okay,

Speaker 1  57:36
you're welcome. Too. Good night. Good night. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai