Matthias Miller  00:00
And part of me is like, I don't sometimes I just get so busy that I don't even know, almost know what to do with myself when I do have the time.

Speaker 1  00:13
You know what? Now that's interesting, because one question I have for you today was, how do you structure your day? And it's not so much adding one more thing to do on your list, but something to be conscious of, like when you know there's a part of the day where you don't want any moving parts around you, then you got to put that on your calendar. Yeah, because I do it, I do it where I look at a phone and I say no, and I'm honest about that, I won't know that's got to go to the voicemail, because we're one human being, and there's so much input in our culture. Matthias, we're in the middle of a national election. That's not easy. We're dealing with we're dealing with it's so much in the atmosphere in our world right now, Matthias that that, I call it a WUSA moment, where you don't have to have a reason. It's like, not today. And that's what I've done today, where there are individuals, they look they just like to chatter. And I'm like, no chatter today, because I don't want to hear it. And you, you have that choice. I mean, that's the beauty of voicemails, that's the beauty of text that's the beauty of emails, where even if someone contacts you via phone call, you can text them and saying, Hey, for the next three hours, I want to be available, and it's not about sharing. Well, this is what I'm doing. That's nobody's business, yeah, putting time frames on things Matthias, because you it's your time. You have the beauty of touching and it's yours. Nobody else get to dominate your time. They don't. And it's a mindset, it's a it's a new trajectory, because you get to the beauty of who you are, what you're doing, and how God is using you. You get to manage your time. Like, for example, if you you could, you know, I'm telling you about flexibility. Hey there. What do you what time do you have tomorrow? Can we chat tomorrow? Can we chat sometime Sunday? Because you have that flexibility with me, but there is no fixture of time for us. Because you could say this for whatever reason I want. You know I'm not. I'm not in the mood right now, or I'm not feeling it. You have that right? Yeah, there's no law or license against it. And here's the thing, you're not competing with anybody you have a an assignment, and when we when we view something as an assignment, like there's some writing that I have to get done, and all of a sudden I felt it Matthias, I grabbed my my composition book, and I just Put one line in there, and it felt so good. But what I was doing was was making a commitment, and then I know I'll have some space of time this evening, and I'm so looking forward to it. And so life is a joy. It's not a task. Yeah, it's not a task. And you have enough balance maturity and wisdom to know what, and I'm gonna call it a mood, what you're in the mood for, and what's your you know, just like what I believe was it Angelica, the one where you had to come up, you did the term,

Matthias Miller  04:25
sorry, what was the on the branding thing that was, be jewel, was that Angelica, who's Angelica, Angelica is somebody that I met in one of the coaching groups, and just kind of like, I don't, I don't even know why. I mean, that was one of those things of like, I had some ideas, like, just kind of, and just felt prompted to reach out and, like, I guess, see what's going on and see and even just explore what where, like, I don't even know, like, where, where she fits in this picture, and does she fit? Okay? Okay, and then be jewel was the one with that. We have been working with that, I have been working with that regarding the terms that we talked about.

Speaker 1  05:09
Deidre. Her name is Deidre, be jewel, spell it for me, B, i j, a, l, B, i j, D, gel. Okay. Because, okay, so here's the beauty. You're making space and room. Matthias for space and room. Okay, that it's weird how I'm saying it. But you are shaping, molding, designing your time, yeah, and so when something captures your thought, or you come up with an idea, and the good thing is, you reach out, and then you pull back and say, Okay, I don't know what this is. I don't know why I'm reaching out to yourself, but you're documenting, okay, I did that because there are people that will encounter, and we don't know where they fit Matthias, but it's something, but we don't always know, you know. And I'm going to give you a perfect example, when we were at the truth seminars like, Okay, I keep getting that this man is in the military, you know, because that's the absence of what you represent. And so it's also an education on discernment. It's a classroom of discernment. And you learn like, Okay, I'll write that name down. You know, we just checked in, and I learned more about what this person does, who they are, and that's, that's truly the rhythm of life. And I for the, for the for the for the best part of me. Matthias, I always think about how we relate to children. We don't know half the time what they're saying. We don't know half the time what they're thinking, but we study them, and then it's almost this dance, okay? Because I was valid, because he just whatever he ingest, you're going to hear it. So whatever he ingest, today, tomorrow, he's going to give it to me? Cut off.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai