Matthias Miller  00:00
Hey, all right, so more thoughts. The one of the ideas I've been working with is this case study that we're putting together for one of our clients. And really, I think, I think there's a lot of opportunity here, if somebody puts together a system, and follows the system and starts reaching out to these people and gaging their interests, and it's a great point of contact and all this stuff. Okay. Well, guess who's not the right person to do that,

Unknown Speaker  00:33
you Yeah.

Matthias Miller  00:35
And guess who is maybe, or maybe the right person to put together a plan. I wonder, if I have no I wonder there's somebody who has knowledge of the project, who loves systems, who loves planning, who loves sales. Yeah, Ian,

Unknown Speaker  00:50
right off the right out the gate, right

Matthias Miller  00:53
out the gate. So there's a plan for that, at least a next conversation of that I'll talk to him about, that I need to go find my I don't even know if I have a check in caller, and that's not good. Let me do this.

Matthias Miller  01:14
Remind me to talk about log, city, case study. So there's that piece. Next piece is really centered around this whole thing of I think part of the deprogramming is letting go of this line of thinking that says you have to know the it's that unraveling it right now. It's that well, who are you to speak into this and and the answer, the human way, is, well, let me give you my list of credentials, and here's why. And the kingdom answer is, well, the Kingdom answer, translated into language they can understand is, well, I don't really know. Let's have a conversation about it, and let's see. There you go. And the kingdom answer is that the Holy Spirit has a way of bringing the connections and making connections with what we've already known and learned, and cross applying them, and doing all of this stuff that only he can do

Speaker 1  02:31
exactly. And he got to have somebody that He does it through, you know. And we're prime candidates, just the way you explained it. It's perfect. You may not say Holy Spirit, but you say, here's what I do. Here is how I approach it. Because really, you saying the only way I could do it is with the Holy Ghost. So we can't tell people that. You know, I'm in so many crazy circles Matthias that I don't I don't mention Holy Spirit, unless I know that, I know you're born again, that you know, because he'll freak people out totally, totally with me. That's the real way it gets done. Yeah. So

Speaker 1  03:25
Hmm, so here's, here's the thing, Matthias, you've got it, you know it, but here's the thing. Stop trying to package it. Just do it. Just say it. You know your audience. You know who you're talking to, and you say, can't say that, but I would say that I'm always cherry picking until I know for a fact you a real Christian. Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  04:00
Makes sense. Totally makes sense.

Speaker 1  04:02
Yeah, it's the grooming of God, because what I love about somebody taught me Matthias. We're not born this way. We literally have to have teachers around us. Yeah, we do, yeah. What I love about God, he will send them, like, Lord, this what I want to do on the right story, say, Okay, go here, turn left, turn right. You know, get involved in this. Come out of that. Yeah, he's the traffic cop, yeah.

Matthias Miller  04:41
And I think that's that's been in learning this. I mean, just what we've been talking through the last especially the last week or so, or however long. I think one of the confusing pieces about that was a huge piece in not understanding how God works and how and understanding his. Always is how much of it really is around assembling resources and and that. I mean, what really jumped out to me recently was what Paul said about we prophesy. We see in part, we prophesy in part, yeah, and so we, I mean, it's just that, it's like it is the treasure hunt. It is the here is this piece of it, and go chase it and go, go figure out and then he'll show you,

Unknown Speaker  05:28
instead of,

Matthias Miller  05:31
instead of this idea of the mystic sitting in the cave,

Unknown Speaker  05:35
in a muse,

Matthias Miller  05:37
hearing some kind of, getting some kind of divine revelation that is a finished work by itself.

Speaker 1  05:44
Yeah, yeah, exactly. And I'm gonna tell you one thing about me. I was, what do you call it? Your critical cognitive brain, and God, just totally undid me. He undid and then, you know, what was left was him, because he's like, there's, you need to understand that everything you are, I designed it, I made it, I I created it, you know. And we would have this conversation often, like, don't make sense that don't make and God, you know. And my spiritual dad, Aaron Royster, is his name, he said, Faith doesn't make sense and sense doesn't make faith, yeah. And I had to live it, yeah, cuz God already knows what he want to do on what day Matthias, and this week is the week where he wanted to just explode your brain and say, I'm god, no matter what you know, no matter what you do, no matter what you think you have to do, it's just like having a conversation with one of your children. I'm dad. You don't you you know. Okay, you know something, but you don't know all of what you think you know. Yes, yeah. And that puts you in a place of peace, Matthias, because you're thinking, Man, I'm glad it ain't on me to change the world. You got that, right? You have a part to play. Just play your part and the truth, you know, there's nothing worse than and Aubrey has, I mean, dollar has a cousin. She's two, and she is a summa wrestler. She thinks she's supposed to charge his neck, put him in a headlock. And we look at him, we say, Aubrey, you're a girl. And she look at us like, and what does that mean? That means you don't do that. You don't charge boys, you know, but it's something in her that's super strong, that's super and so we're trying to manage it, Matthias, and then she'll look at us, and she'll still do it, and we like, okay, valid. Please don't hurt her, be gentle, make sure she don't kill himself because she's wild, yeah, yeah, but it's something minute, and we don't know what it is yet, but I guess we'll know down the road. Yeah. Wow.

Speaker 1  08:47
Wow. And that's the exciting part of life. We never know what God is doing, and he's never gonna let us know. Matthias, we'll get this Since he'll be like, Excuse me, I'm gone. What are you doing? Yeah, yeah, wow,

Matthias Miller  09:19
yeah. The thing is that fossil my mind with that is, is, I don't know if you've ever read any of GK Chesterton's work, but when it comes to somebody, you know, I don't know exactly, I mean so much about his life that I don't really know. But when it comes to somebody who really understood the adventure of God in a very whimsical way, he

Matthias Miller  09:50
had a way of he had a way of describing it I don't know, in a way that I don't know was just a very unique, unique way. I.

Unknown Speaker  10:00
I think the challenge is, oops.

Speaker 1  10:08
Are you still there? Uh huh, I'm here. I had to unmute I was watching, no, okay,

Matthias Miller  10:18
that's that for moment. I dropped off, but he had, he had such a whimsical way of approaching, and I think it's it kind of cuts to the core of the the core of it is part of the transition that I'm experiencing is from this. I've got to take care of it. I got to make sure that everything's everything's taken care of and and I got to make sure that he's got it figured out so that he doesn't take me somewhere where I shouldn't be going. And instead of realizing that it is an adventure is it's just Yeah, fun time with him.

Speaker 1  10:51
Yeah, it really is Matthias, because out and we got a million examples of that my dad, he was the type where as many as he could. We had a we had a station wagon. So it was already nine of us. So who else you going to stuff in this station wagon? 910, plus dad, 11 plus mom. But we would stuff if we could get 100 in that station wagon. And guess what? We didn't care where he was taking us. We just knew we're getting in the car. So we would get in that car Matthias, and we wouldn't know where we was going. And sometimes this is my start with my dad. He probably was either going to try to take us to get an ice cream cone or something, but he was thinking, shoot, these kids, their expectation is too great, so we would end up at the beach. Matthias, and I knew in my heart he wasn't, he wasn't going to the beach. But since it seems like where are we going, where are we going, he knew he had to take us somewhere, otherwise he was going to be a loser, you know, yeah, and I'm now, you Matthias, and it was something about get as many people in here, because Dad's gonna surprise us and all, he's thinking I was just taking y'all around and going to get an ice cream. What is all? It is with this great cheering section, you know, in 10 layers, saying, yeah, he's like, shoot, I gotta take these knuckleheads to Lakeshore drive and just let them run in the water, you know? But that's what I believe about God, that he he could have something so simple in mind, the fact that I'm like, Oh, God, I can't wait you get and he's looking like, I'm just getting ready to give you one piece to the thing. Vivian, I'm not getting ready to solve the whole thing, but my expectation is so great. He says, I got to blow her mind now, because I'm telling you guys that whole piece about, okay, what do we do? You know, you think about the coaching part. You know, you had the conversation that didn't turn out the way you thought, but I'm sure God was like, I can't let my son down. I can't I can't let him get discouraged. You say what I'm saying. Yeah, yeah. It's my expectation. I expect them to be God, yeah, I expect you to give me an answer. Lord, yeah. So when the kids are bright eyed and then you say, I got a surprise, it better be. It better be something big. Matthias, you can like, what a top. What is that marbles? What is you know, you better with the Holy Ghost. Say, get the marbles and then get a golf club, or get the marbles and get some tennis rackets. Or, you know, because one thing I love whenever I get around valor, you know, when he and his cousin are together, I say, I got a surprise, and it better be something they like Matthias, because I studied them, and it usually is, they'll love it for 10 minutes, because that's probably as long as they don't love it, you know, because They're super adventurous. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So breathe. You're in your father's hand, and there's nothing you're gonna get yourself into that he can't get you out. Matthias, yeah, yeah, I'll never forget me and another prophet, her name was Erin Kirschner, and she was the one that I initially started working with, with Perry and his his mastermind group and all of that, when they would have their annual gathering or whatever. And I know it was Aaron and another prophet. His name was bam, but that wasn't his name. His name was named. Anything. But they called him down. So we're sitting together, and here comes this gentleman, Matthias. This man had to be 70 some years old. And they both looked at me like this, you got to prophesy. We don't see nothing for this man, right? And I smiled, and I took a deep breath, and I looked at him and I said, Do you have grandchildren? Of course, he had grandchildren because he was a grandpa. He said, Yes. And I said, Does your wife work with children? And then he gave me the key, yes. He ran a daycare for over 20 something years. And I zeroed in on that wife and those kids, and, you know, I said, Does she love garden? She said, Oh, she would die to just do nothing else. So it was crazy Matthias, but God was leading me, yeah, and I just, I looked at him, I said, you have a grandson that love. And he cried like a baby. He said, I haven't seen him in a couple of years. And he said, I just love him so much and I miss I said, well, guess what, he loves you as much. So it wasn't about you getting ready to do nothing. No, yeah, no.

Speaker 1  16:23
But what we do is we take off running when we don't think we know it's like, rescue me. God say no. God is like no, go back in there and do what I want you to do. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 1  16:49
And he was this man was outdone. He's like, Oh my God, because you know what, you're only a human being. You are not some Creature from the Black Lagoon. It's like you're a person and and there's some human things about you. No matter whatever persona you're presenting, you're a human being under All of that. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  17:22
So what are your thoughts?

Matthias Miller  17:42
Man,

Matthias Miller  17:49
but it kind of ties back to something that I've been wrestling with. There's so much pieces, so many pieces. I mean, the guy who gave me a word about the builder, it'll just be really interesting to see how all of these pieces do come together. And

Matthias Miller  18:18
I almost jumped into Melvin's coaching, whatever it is his his certification program a year ago, but was advised against it. I mean, it may have been a wise financial decision not to. I don't even know, but yeah, but was advised against it because, well, for various reasons, Ian was pretty involved at the time, and he was pretty scared off by some of that stuff. Yeah. And yet, the draw, the repellent for him was that it wasn't structured, and the draw for me was that it wasn't structured, or not the same kind of structure. And so it's interesting to see that one of the homework assignments I've been working through is around this thing of like, I don't know. Maybe, maybe that's not quite the right I don't know. Whatever has been kind of around, what are the daily habits that you need to create in order to get where you want to go? And part of me is like, well, that's actually kind of simple. And then the other part of me is like, kind of has this expectation that you have to have this big list of rigorous habits that are all exact and precise and

Speaker 1  19:44
no all of that. Matthias, quickly my dad say to me, eat the hay and spit out the sticks. Vidya, yeah, this is your life. Matthias and there, you're not a carbon copy of anybody. You're not, you know, the powerful thing is all of who you are is already in there, yeah. And it takes, you know, like I found that when I have my time, it's amazing what God says to me. It's amazing what he has me to write down. It's amazing what it will have me to read, or just the rest that I get. And so it's really you. And one of the things he brought out was, what is Matthias rhythm? Yeah, that is so important.

Matthias Miller  20:45
And one of the things that there's kind of this combination, but I'm not this much of an introvert to like this, but there's a piece of Richard Koch's work an hour a day rhythm that's intriguing of being able to take the time to think and take the time to explore and take the time to pursue these curiosities.

Speaker 1  21:15
And you need to do that because there there's so much inside of you, Matthias, that has to be extracted. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, I'm not good constrained environments. I'm just not and you know I'm I'm at a point now where I really want to simplify my life, like there are some things that just don't interest me anymore, and so I gotta move things on. I gotta get them out of here. I gotta, you know, and I'm saying that's not because there's a matter of fact, I think a month ago, I unplugged my TV. I have YouTube TV, and I don't even need a television. I don't even, you know, the only reason I would need cable is because of any zoom calls or whatever. So I could do it on my laptop or use my Wi Fi, but it's by it's for some things I don't need anymore. And, you know, because the world is changing and and I'm looking at, wow, God, so I could do this, you know, I could do that or whatever. But I'm simplifying my life to the degree where, if I transition to Matthias, they would know to call you and tell you, Auntie is gone. Jesus gave God, yeah, because it we've over complicated life, yeah, and all of our inventions and creations and, you know, and so he's really showing me, like streamlining, like you don't need that, you don't need that, and you don't need that, Vivienne, and even when I make selection for valor, we were going, so back to old school things like The punching ball. And, you know, I want him to know what a batting ball is. I know. Want him to know what marbles are. I want him to know what jacks are, monkeys in a barrel, you know, because he likes to work with his hand. Yeah, yeah. And he shouldn't be in front of a screen, because this, that's not him, but he'll do it. You know, he'll crave it because we keep stuffing it down his throat, but he's on hand, man, yeah, yeah, exactly, exactly, yeah. And coming out of that, that crazy madness, because the earth is going to have madness every decade. It's like, What the What is that and why, you know? But my thing is, he has the scooter. It's in the back of my car. Whenever we go outside, it's on, he's on that scooter. And he could ride off into the sunset, because it's fun. It's active. You know? It's like, it's just something. Thank you, wonderful, creative, but human. We're human. We have to have interaction with one another.

Matthias Miller  24:16
Yeah, yeah. And everybody's saying that we're more productive working remotely until we until we start realizing that we need to be around each other. Yeah,

Speaker 1  24:31
yeah, I'm telling you, Matthias and so we don't go with every wind. Like, I'm learning that, like, okay, you know I, I'm learning to pay attention. Okay? Is it really all of what people are saying? I don't need every iPhone that comes out, as a matter of fact, right now, I am speaking to you on a seven, sir, and my provider is begging me this. I say, as long as the. Phone is working. I'm not doing it. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  25:05
yeah, cool. Oh, I gotta drop off for another phone call.

Speaker 1  25:11
Okay, no, dude, no. And then I've got a couple of things going later on, probably about three. Well, actually, Matthias, are we meeting at four?

Matthias Miller  25:23
Yes, if that still works for you, and if for any reason, it doesn't work for me, I mean, there's no pressure on my end.

Speaker 1  25:34
So, because this is the staff meeting at four, right? That's right, it's the staff meeting it for okay? So my question is, is it possible for me not to be there today? Or do I or is it better? I'm asking you what? No, is it okay? That's

Matthias Miller  25:52
completely fine. That's completely fine. Because

Speaker 1  25:55
a couple of friends of mine, they're here, from Michigan, their son was murdered a couple of months ago, and so they're in town from their sisters, and I need to go by and just see their faces, and I want to be the traffic to get to them. And, you know, it's just to see them and check in with them. Yeah, yeah, totally.

Matthias Miller  26:17
That's not a problem. And I'm not sure yet what my day is going to be like tomorrow. Something else I was going to talk about is we're going out of town Wednesday through Sunday. But are there good times? So I will actually be in Central time, but sometimes if I want to get my head on straight during that time.

Speaker 1  26:46
Matthias, all you got to do is check in. Hey, Viv, is this a good time if I don't respond, call me because. Matthias, I wrote, I throw my phone to the side. I don't live with this thing. Yeah. So, yeah, so and so, we're having a very, very simple get together. I'll be at my sister's on Thursday. But other than that, I'm at home. Yeah, so I'm totally here. Not a problem.

Matthias Miller  27:14
Okay, what time? What time do you usually get up? Or does it vary? Three

Speaker 1  27:18
in the morning, every morning faithfully, really. Every morning faithfully. The Holy Ghost knocks me upside there and says, Get up. I'm telling Matthias, I could have gone to bed at two. I'm like, no Holy Ghost. Let me get two hours. My watch time is 3am Sir, that's my valor. When he goes, goes down for nap, I'm down to 3am Sir, 3am Well,

Matthias Miller  27:55
sounds like he's, he's, I don't know. I'm not quite sure what to say. Sounds like he's making him, making you in His

Speaker 1  28:05
image, yeah, in His image and in His likeness. I'm like, Okay, God, seriously, I'm telling Matthias. So no, I'm available, dear. We're fine. Yeah, we're fine. And in many things, I'm not just saying Matthias, give me another time. Yeah, that's the beauty of texting. Absolutely.

Matthias Miller  28:25
Okay, sounds good, because I'm sure there'll be, there'll be more stuff unfolding over that time, and we may be, I may be able to connect tomorrow. Not sure yet what my schedule's like.

Speaker 1  28:34
Okay, no problem. It's whatever, you know, whatever happens. Okay, I'm excited for you. Yeah, likewise, okay, cool. Okay, you're welcome, be blessed, be safe, keep all precautions in place. Matthias, yes, okay, yeah, all right. Love you guys and your angels are in camp. About you, okay, and we'll talk as we go, if it's tomorrow or whenever, we'll talk as we go.

Matthias Miller  29:08
Sounds good.

Speaker 1  29:11
All right. Blessing. Blessings to you. Okay, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai