Unknown Speaker  00:00
Good morning.

Speaker 1  00:02
How are you I'm good. I'm doing well. And how's your morning going? It's

Speaker 2  00:09
going good. So far, we had a our youngest son was sick earlier this week, and he wasn't eating well, and now he's catching up. So last night was helping him to sleep and feeding him as needed, getting him all caught up. Yeah.

Speaker 1  00:26
How Does he miss? He turned a year old on Saturday. Oh, happy birthday. What's his name? Michael. Michael. I have I have several Michaels. I have a brother, Michael. I have a nephew, Michael, and two great nephews, better. Michael, yeah, we're we're loaded. We're loaded with Michael, so he's doing better. And was he running a fever or he

Unknown Speaker  00:59
was thrown up? And

Speaker 1  01:02
yeah, because my niece, yeah, my little great niece, Aubrey, my sister, keeps her. She's my niece's daughter, and she had the same thing last night. And so yeah, their little bodies, they don't have the defense that we have, and with this change, you know, with the weather being so interesting, yes, I'm glad, I'm glad he's feeling better. So what do we have? Matthias, give me an update.

Speaker 2  01:37
All right, so a couple of things. I think I was listening to our last call again, right right before this, so that was helpful.

Matthias Miller  01:52
Feels like this whole thing of letting go of software builders has been a huge thing for me, and feels like there's pieces coming together for that, but it feels like there's kind of a vitality in that you talked about the three, three things that I must have.

Speaker 2  02:13
And I think for me, what I'm what I'm seeing, is that the coding work that I had been doing, it's so outside of of of me and who I am. That's one of the things that that's one of the things that has to go away. But for that to go away,

Matthias Miller  02:35
we need, we need other revenue sources besides that, and we have some projects in the works, but, but it's just all very there's all kinds of things that are really young and kind of unproven.

Speaker 2  02:50
And then the third thing, the third thing was also tied into that, is, is more margin.

Matthias Miller  02:57
And with that too, you know, I've kind of forced time away for the last last few days. It's just been really challenging, but it's been able to force time away for Renaissance time. It's been super, super helpful, and it's really good to be able to stay on track and also spending some, some more time working out, which has also been really helpful as well. Like all three of those things kind of tie together, and it feels like this past week, I mean, listening to the call was really good, because this past week, it feels like I'm getting bombarded with requests from people, like, more than ever, and people are wanting this or wanting that. Can I meet with you? And so the whole thing of discernment is really good. There's, there's one situation where it just didn't have peace about it, and I felt like I gave me a download as to why and and I'm still not sure I'm supposed to share the why not. But, okay, but, but it was kind of one of those mercy moments of, let me at least show you, show you what's going on and why.

Speaker 1  04:05
Yeah, and you know what's beautiful about that? One thing I'm learning Matthias is in in our culture, which is super, super accelerated, it's not normal. It's not it's it's far beyond normal right now, and when, just as you're doing when you fight for your Renaissance time, think, and I keep referring to Jesus, He hid Matthias. He had some people, you know, he had all these invitations, even to the point, look, let's get in the boat. Let's back up, because this is too much. Humanity is huge and and one human being and government, if one human being represents 1000 constituents, constituents, imagine. 1000 human thing. That's a whole lot of stuff. That's a whole lot of Oh my God, get me out of here. And so Matthias, that's normal when you feel that presence like I gotta get out of here. And what I do, Matthias, is I hide and I look at my phone and and when it rings. And I keep reiterating that because Matthias imagined I have a family, and now I have a business, an assignment of service that God has given me, and I have a life Matthias. So we're talking about 59 years of people and Matthias, the best thing that could have ever happened to me was this instrument in my my hand, where it has a visual on it, where I could say, I'm not answering that right now. Okay, again, I let it go to voicemail, because everybody knows. Because Vivian doesn't didn't answer, doesn't mean she's not going to answer. People are finally there Matthias, but it took decades. I gave a client an assignment to read the book of Joshua, and it is so taxing what the children of Israel experienced Matthias conquering a land that God said, it's yours. Yeah, he promised it. And he said, however, there's always that, however there's giants on your land. And had I been in issues? I always said, Thank you. God, but I'm okay where I am. I really don't need right? No, thanks. God, I don't think, yeah, I'm not in the mood to fight giants. However, destroying the giant Matthias the only reason I'm up to date on on Josh when it's what I want everybody to understand the assignments that I give people, I have to read them too. So I've gotten wise. I use the audio Bible, and so a few days prior to me getting back in contact with that person, I put it on audio Bible, and I learned because Jonathan, I mean, I'm saying Jonathan, because Matthias I couldn't get because of, you know, all the begats and the in the lineage. I was like, Lord, I'm never going to get through, through Joshua. Can I just get the begat but the begats were important. The lineage was critical for what was happening and why was happening. Matthias, they had to kill 31 Kings to get their land, but, but this is the challenge. The 31 Kings had 31

Unknown Speaker  08:00
we're talking about non stop warfare. We're talking about, you better groom your kids to fight, because we got in

Speaker 1  08:08
God promised us this land. Here's Joshua there, you know, and he's gotten the word from God, and it's, this is your land. And you're thinking, but okay, why you couldn't move the Giants? Because, oh, God, a Giant Slayer. We just want to live in peace. We just want our territory. We just We're tired of fighting however that they were chosen for battle because God had it in Matthias. So the challenges in the earth right now. Now our enmity to God, Matthias, we'd like to get in our little cubby holes and say, okay, us four, we're okay, and I hope the rest of the world get it. And God says, No, I've chosen you to take this land. Yeah, you, you've been chosen Matthias, and Holy Spirit is guiding you and and God is wise enough to put people beside you and alongside you, to journey with you, where you can have conversation about this is frustrating. I don't like this. I can't imagine the conversations of the children saying, Dad, I mean, we gotta fight again, but our God is is mighty. Our God is the Greatest. And God said exactly, and because I created you, I'm making a point to the enemy. And that's, that's what we're existing in. Matthias, God is proving something in the earth, and it gives me more peace because I go, Okay, God, you promised it. You're going to make it make sense. You're going to bring the right help. I get up in the morning Matthias, and I hear songs. Yes, and the song I heard was a war song, and it's a powerful war song. And I woke up, you know, for me, I'm not really in the battle, so I'm just dancing and and I'm happy, and I can imagine how Judah felt every time they had to go up first. They said, If God is sending us, we're gonna win. And you gotta know that Matthias God is sending you, you're gonna win. It doesn't mean you don't pause. It doesn't mean you don't avoid certain people, certain places, certain things. You're the winner. And guess what? Has to be protected. The winner. The winner. The winner. The winner has to be protected. Matthias, you are the winner, so you got to do the things that protect you. When Saul was after David, he kept hiding because he knew Saul wanted to kill him for real. It was not a game. So our enemy is real, and he can't have our thoughts. He can't have our courage, our confidence, our faith in God, our trusting, our trust in God. And so I learned this morning that I'm protecting the name of God, Matthias. We're we're protecting his name. And I remember when Moses was bringing those, those Israelites out of captivity, and God was like, just kill them. Just, you know, I love, I love being a mediator. You know, I know Jesus is the ultimate mediator. And we're in Christ Matthias, so we're mediators too. And I love the fact that Moses said, God, please don't kill him, because that's going to mess up your reputation and your name. And I'm sure God says I could care less about what people think about me, but he saw Moses's heart, Matthias, and it's your heart that God is protecting, and you've got to protect it too, okay, yeah, and you've got to get really good at it. I've gotten really good at protecting my heart. Matthias, I was on the line with a Buddhist yesterday, and I was so excited, because I'm like, Yes, we're taking territory. Now, this Buddhist was rude and mean and nasty, and all I had was love for that person, because I understood you don't know Jesus. I expect you to be mean. I respect you to be nasty. You're doing what only you can do, because you don't have the capacity to love me, to accept me, to hear, however, God read his male Matthias, and he knows I wasn't in the boardroom with him, and he knows I don't know him, and he knows he would Have nothing to do with the likes of me, right? Yeah. Isn't that awesome? And I was excited. I was like, the lion of the tribe of Judah is getting territory. He's roaring right in your face. Buddha curtain for you. Buddha, get off the throne Buddha, I'm telling you, Matthias, it was so powerful because all I had was love. I didn't use any religious jargon with this person, and I share my testimony about being miraculously healed. And you know, I want him to understand man didn't do this, but you're not going to be to give man credit for what's going on in my life? Yeah, a statue didn't do this, and it was powerful Matthias, and he was so angry he couldn't stay on the call. And he was an invited guest by someone else. He said, I gotta go. And I'm thinking, I'm sure you do run before you get saved, because we're after you, you know. And God is so Matthias, because the seed was planted, okay? I'm just a planter or a waterer. The increaser is God, not Vivian. So throw your sis in the answer. We got one, okay, Matthias, one for the kingdom, you know. And just so you can have something to shout about, because Matthias, that that was for the kingdom of God, this person that that joined this call with this other individual is about to change the world. But guess what? We need to change our hearts first. Yeah, before you change the world, we gotta change our hearts. And so those are our assignments, Matthias, and you're one of them. You're one of them, strange Christian people that's always trusting God, always believe. In God, always loving God. And guess what? We're winning Matthias, I don't care what popular demand says. I don't care. I don't care what the popular opinion is. We're winning, even if we're underground winning Matthias, yeah, and you got to know that, and you got to walk in that. And all I all, I need you to know in this first month, protect your heart, protect your time, protect what you and God got going on, because when the river starts with him, it never stop flowing. Our river has limitation. Matthias, my efforts are limited. My knowledge is limited. My wisdom. However, when he said, if we lack wisdom in James, he said, we could say, Hey, I don't know what I'm doing. I need your help. Show me. God, show me. And he loves that. And it's just like your children look by us when they get to the point your little, one year old, when Michael gets to the point where he can really articulate what He desires, you're just excited. You're sticking your chest out. Look at my son. He's able to tell me what he desires. I have a three year old great nephew. His name is valor. Now think about it. Matthias renamed a boy valor. He's working on tearing down the house that he lives in. That's his desire. Just destroy it. Just investigate it, just pick it apart. And we have to kind of say, valor, put that back. Put it back. Valor. No, no, no. And his thing is aerodynamics, both throws it across the room. Oh, my is it broke valor. And he looks at us, and he takes off running from one end of the house to other. And then when he's done with all of that, then he's ready to sit down, calm himself down, and just finish his day. And I'm thinking, Oh, Lord, and that's how some people are. They're no different. They're going about tearing up stuff, and people are trying to get their hands on them and say, hold on. Do you understand you can't do that? That means that person is immature and has not grown into capacity or whatever it is they're supposed to deliver in the earth, and so we have to leave room for that. Matthias, that's not that's not our problem. We cannot control valor, and we're not going to so he's learning his motor skills, and he's driving us nuts, but God gave us the capacity, and we know that he won't always be three years old, and

Speaker 1  17:58
that's what we have to understand about people. Matthias, they won't always be ignorant, they won't always be immature, they won't always be unlearned. As long as we rock steady. That's been my thing all week. Matthias, rock steady, rock steady. It looks chaotic. There's a whole lot of moving parts. Rock Steady. Rock Steady. Because if you're the standard, you can't move Matthias, everything else has to Yeah, that's why you're centering. That's why God is saying, sit with me. Sit with me. Jesus was immovable. They came after him with everything they had. He didn't budge. He wasn't moved, because he understood, if I'm talking to the one that's got the plan, who do you think you are? I'm unstoppable. And that's the mentality, that's the mind of Christ, that we gotta have Matthias in this hour in the first quarter of this year, I'm immovable. I'm not moving. I'm standing flat footed on what you're telling me, God, I'm trusting you, and I'll give you the perfect example, Matthias, every time I have a deadline in my life, God takes me to 1159, and three quarters of a second before midnight. So when I look at the clock, I said, it's not midnight. Okay, we're good. And look, Matthias, the clock is ticking. It looks like the ticking is louder than anything in the earth you're thinking. And so I say, Okay, I'm not gonna look. I trust you. God. Then I go into my fit of of statements and decrees and declare, and then, all of a sudden, I have peace. Now the solution hasn't arrived yet. I've got peace Matthias. I've got think of the Garden of Gethsemane with Jesus, Father. Please, please. Please. There's got to be another way, other than what they're about to do to me. And God did not respond Matthias, because it was the plan. When he doesn't respond, Matthias said, we're waiting. We're waiting. Well, he has responded. He's not responding. That's the answer. I'm not answering that right now. Oh, Lord, okay, and then our prayer can be, give me peace, because I'm anxious. I'm afraid I'm bothered, I'm frustrated, because he already knows it, and he's their father. Matthias, if you had to sit with Michael for three days, you would have sat with him, because you're a father. That's what fathers do. And he couldn't say it hurts right here, or it hurts right there. You just know, okay, your tummy has gotta be tender because that that's a lot on your little body. That's, that's who God is. We don't have to, we don't always have to say it and and we don't always have to understand it, and we don't always have to have the language. It's just, God, you already know what I'm feeling, and you can say that to him. You know, you know how I feel every time this person comes around. You know, when I get any situations, how I feel on the inside? Lord, help me, because he's father. Yeah, that takes a big load off of you. Guess who's carrying the world? Yes, that's it. And if he draws our attention to something that I had, for example, I'll say to God, it's not on my radar. And then he and I go, why are you showing me this? I mean, I say it, I say it just like that Matthias, because I'm thinking, Okay, God, I was minding my business. I was doing what I thought I was supposed to do today. And then now you're showing me this. What is this about? I mean, we're having a real dialog, because we are friends. We are family. Matthias, your children don't nurse and rehearse. They just scream. Dad, he's doing that, you know, you get in there, they're in a fist of cuffs, and you're thinking, What is going on? Get your hands off, your brunch. What are you doing? You know? Because in the moment, that's where they are, right? And they're not pretending for anybody, and we don't have to either, neither do we. I'm disappointed. I'm sad right now. I don't want to be bothered. Jesus had those feelings, and he showed it when he went to the father and said, How long do I have to be with these knuckleheads that you gave me?

Unknown Speaker  23:12
The disciples were knuckleheads falling all over each other, at odds, trying to get I got to get there first.

Unknown Speaker  23:30
What are your thoughts?

Speaker 2  23:35
Just like, wow, I had this situation yesterday where one of the Facebook groups I'm part of, I think I mentioned we're doing some work in the nonprofit sector. Somebody posted a question. I posted a response. I'm like, here's my experience on this. And then

Matthias Miller  23:54
didn't check until it was like, at the end of my work day, came in the next morning to like, 15 comments, ripping me to shreds. Some people were, you know, outright slandering me, and other people were, you know, just raising questions about about me and all this stuff. And so I was, I just kind of, you know, try not to defend myself, just kind of wrote an apology for, you know, people who were negatively impacted by this. And yeah, that's, that's my intent, that was not my intent to hurt anybody, and, but I understand it did, and, and, you know, I apologize for this, and appreciate you guys's perspective and all that kind of stuff. And, but still kind of bothered me. But then, then, you know, things that I mean, one of the things you shared last time that really helped with that was, was like, people, people are just ignorant, like they don't see. What I can see

Speaker 2  24:45
is that, like, there's such a such a lack of people walking in the fullness of what they were created for.

Speaker 1  24:53
Yes, it is Matthias, right, that large capital man write that in large unlike. 10 pages and posted somewhere I am so serious. Matthias, we are living in such a devastated place, Matthias, that you have to say to God, okay, what the heck are we gonna do with this man? And you got to say it Matthias and get it off of you. Yes. Get it off of you, because you, you're a burden bearer. And, and, and, let me tell you a secret, my maybe decades ago. It was 2003 Holy Spirit gave me an idea for a ministry named for you, and it was called Light bearers. And so to date, that thing is 27 years old, and I never used it Matthias, because people need light, and they show us consistently that they're in the dark. Why would Jesus scream at the Sanhedrin cord, or whoever you generation of vipers. Why would he do that? Because he saw him like, You're kidding me. You're the governing body of our people and you're crazy. Yeah. This is no different Matthias. And when, when I get my back, and it's constantly I can almost say I live with my back up against the wall because Matthias, I have to say things to people that people want to say and they don't. And so I go, Well, I don't have anything to lose. One thing I know my angels are encamped about me. I'm getting ready to say it, yeah, and I say it, Matthias, and I take the hit. And am I taking the hit? I'm called to leaders. Matthias, My followers? Yes, I have zero tolerance for followers. I'm letting you in on the secret. I have zero tolerance to my followers, so God has exempt me from followers. Matthias, I'm called to leaders, and I know it,

Unknown Speaker  27:34
so I can't play the victim card with you.

Speaker 1  27:36
No, no, you're not. No, no, Mr. King hails to the king all hell the power of Jesus, you know? No, no, no, no, I'm about to fall prostrate here. No Matthias. You gotta walk in it. And guess what? He gives us the capacity to take the head because that's what kings do, do? You know how many subjects come before a king, and then he look at him and say, Off with his head. I don't have time for him anymore. Next. And they're just in line outside the door and thinking, Okay, I need to come correct, because he's slicing heads today. Yeah, that's who you are. Matthias, you're the head you're the head slicer. You gotta write that down. I'm the head slicer. And once we I had to learn Matthias in this journey, once I understood, Okay, God, I'm the one to call. You're called to say the thing that other people get killed over, other people get ostracized about. So say it there, because that whole damned if you do, damned if you don't, you're damn what God did if you don't do it. So that was the question today. He said, Now who are you really going to fear here? Are you going to fear man or me? That's always the question. Matthias in serving God and doing exactly what God told him to do, Jesus served all of humanity with one act of obedience, Matthias, and that was to go to the cross, and it saved everybody. So you gotta know how critical your mission is, it's got to be real to you and you, and that dialog with God is what shields His promises, His Word, His prophetic word, his insightful Word, His revealed word, it protects us. Because right now I'm looking in the face of religious leaders, Matthias, and the first ought against me is that I'm a woman. The second, the second art against me is, I'm a fearless woman. The third, the third ought against me is, I'm an obedient. Woman to God. So those are the first three things people have problems with concerning me, Natasha, and the contention is she's not going to move. I'm in an assignment right now. I beg God. I said, Lord, please, please, please, please, get me out of this. Get me out of this. It's a time waster. Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, and after I I stated my case. God was like, You didn't answer. Then I understood, okay, you need to help me, because I'm really struggling with this assignment, guy because of what the leadership is doing. And he said to me, why do you think I sent you this? You could just put a period right there. Matthias, why do you think I need you to ask this question regarding the knuckleheads around you? God, why did you send me to these knuckleheads, and then he's going to lay it out for you, because before Jesus came here, he knew why he was coming. And when we're in situation Matthias that are too much for us, God, why am I in this? Why is this happened. Who is this person? What does it have to do with me? And then he'll lay out the blueprint, and he'll say, because 12 years ago, this happened in their life, five years ago, that happened and and I'm saying, Ah, so God, this could be forever, and it's the truth, because I gotta, I gotta position myself besides like, Oh my God. I don't know how long I'm gonna have to deal with this, but the Word of God says He is long suffering too fast word who believe Matthias. So there's something in this person that's connected to God, and God says they're one of mine. Matthias, let me tell you how hurtful some things could be. I said with a young lady, if she wasn't 25 yet, with our Westside ministry, we're planting a Westside ministry in a gated community that was formerly owned by Chicago Housing Authority, and so this young lady wonders in it. But guess what? Matthias, she looked everything, every, every bit of a man. I promise you, I did not see a young lady. I saw a young man. And until this individual told us my birth name was Michaela blah, blah. I was like, do you hear me? Matthias, my brain, my brain couldn't shift. This is a young man. Matthias, she had her breath removed at 20 something. I was appalled, and I had to get myself together. I was like, in my mind, I'm saying, Lord, please help me, because I'm really struggling, because right now I'm in so much pain. Matthias, you mean to tell me, in the however, many billion people in the earth, you had nobody to talk to.

Speaker 1  33:27
Matthias. I have 60 something nieces and nephews, and then with the great and the grand, the great, great, now we are almost at as a family. We're almost at 200 people, and all I could see Matthias was one of my babies that none of us could reach, that none of us could love on. And when she began it, let me tell you about Holy Ghost as I'm sitting there and now I'm angry because I'm saying, God, what happened to her? This young lady was at Clark, Atlanta in college, and had to come back home. And guess what? She came back to Matthias. She came back to the very place that hurt her, that abused her, over and over and over. I you know how you just want to grab somebody, take them home and say, God, please, however, Matthias, so much damage was done to this beautiful human being that God has got us sorted out, and all he needed us to do was three of us there ministering to her and talking to her and loving on her. Was we love you and we want you here. We were ending everything for the service. We get there at 830 and set up. And then the service, you know, we do breakfast for the people from nine until 930 and then somewhere between 939 45 we start everything. Amen. So she wandered in we were done. She wandered in about 15 minutes before we were done, and just sitting there. Now I'm thinking a young man has joined us, and I'm excited. It was a woman, a young woman, Matthias, that shook my life, and I realized, God, there's so much pain that people aren't talking about. Yeah, we're talking we're talking about a whole lot of things, but we're not talking about real pain. We're talking about real life pain. We're talking about, I gotta wake up every morning and there's this memory, or there's this anniversary, or, you know, and so, Matthias, I was like, I was crushed. And I had, because that's our West Side service that we're doing, and then I was supposed to go south. Matthias, I had to get in my car and come home. I said, I can't, I can't be around people right now because I, I need to be with you. God, I just we, we need to have a conversation. And so Matthias, that's how critical things are. When you run into these these stalemates, when you run into these roadblocks, when you when you run into these things that seem like they're not moving there is something very demonic behind them, and that's what you gotta know. And you're not contending with the surface stuff. You're contending with the kingdom. You're contending with the kingdom Matthias, and it requires the posture of a king to shut it down. You gotta walk in your authority. You gotta walk in what you know Matthias, and it's unapologetically, unapologetically. It's like, if I could have gotten my hands on the people that hurt her, you would say, Okay, where's vid? And there would have been a major protest outside of my prison cell. And I'll put my hands on a person again who decides to hurt a child like that. Yeah. And so God is positioning us, Matthias, to shut it down, to shut down abuse, to shut down ignorance. The Kingdom of God suffers violence and the violent take it by force. Jesus, he took no prisoners. Matthias, he shut the Sadducees and the Pharisees down. He shut them down, and everybody who was with him shut them down. And God is collectively cherry picking us. Matthias out of environment, because he know it's lonely serving him. It's lonely doing it God's way. It's lonely, trusting him. It's lonely agreeing with him. And so he will bring David's mighty men in the cave. He'll bring people right into the cave with you, Matthias, and say, Don't you dare give up. Don't you dare give in. We're not perfect, but we've been chosen. You see, you see what I'm saying. Matthias, yeah, we don't dot every I and cross every T, but we listen, we listen and we approximate what God told us. He knows. We don't perfectly know what he's saying. So we go back again. How many times did Pharaoh have to go to I mean, did Moses have to go to Pharaoh? How many times Matthias?

Speaker 1  38:57
Yeah, too. Many times you mean to tell me the Falls weren't enough. You mean to tell me. And so Matthias, that's what we are facing in this generation. God is not hiding the ills of society from us. And so we stand flat footed, and we say, God, if you don't help me, there is no help. If you don't show me the mystery that you said you have, then we're not going to resolve it. Get in God's saints, Matthias, and say, If you chose me, then show me what the heck I'm supposed to do. Yeah, you chose me. You won't let me rest. You won't let me get away from it. It's chasing me down. It's hunting me down, Okay, God, I want this off my back. I need resolution. I need provision. Yeah, yeah, you're that fun. You're the. Son, Matthias, and don't deny yourself that, okay, because that's where your joy is. I have Matthias, the world could be falling apart. I can get in my bed and go to sleep. I'm like going to say, did they fix it? Because when I'm tired, he got to fix it. Yeah, I was at my sister and we have a family building. It's two stories with a basement, and they're closely tightly. You know, we don't have lots of land of sight. You could barely, you know, the buildings barely have elbow room. And here it is. My great niece were at the table this weekend, just having fun and laughing and talking. She goes, What's all those lights? So it's my time. I say, I don't know. Go, look, go, look and find out what it is. She goes. She peeks out the blind. She go, oh my god, oh my god. Something's on fire. Something's on fire, so all these fire trucks and and and policemen, and they're blocking off the street. And it's a it's a real residential area where both sides and streets there's buildings and houses and and I'm thinking, oh my god, you know. And all I could think was, Lord, please get everybody out. Get everybody out. Mind you, this, this building Matthias, let me see, probably, probably had anywhere from 12 or more apartments in it. It was a courtyard building, yeah, and so apartments on the right, apartments on the left, apartments full straight ahead, and the apartment on the top floor was on fire, Matthias, and you see the flames, I'm thinking, Oh, God, please just let everybody be out of this building. So by being dark, Matthias, you couldn't see that people were out with blankets on and, you know, getting in their cars and and so I was like, Lord, please just don't let anybody be in that apartment. And true enough, everybody got her out. And what I discovered from that Matthias, the other residents in that building, had nothing to do with that fire. And I want to say this to you, the family in that particular apartment are extremely ignorant, with a capital I screaming and yelling at each other. You never know when they're having just craziness, just madness. Now here it is. You're jeopardizing all these families livelihood, Matthias, because all they could do was get out the building. You could tell all they thought about was and we need to get out of this building on one ridiculous choice. That's what we're dealing with in the earth right now. And only God and thank God for the firemen, thank God for the policeman. Thank God for the person that yell, Fire, fire, everybody could get out. Thank God, God that we paid attention, because all it takes is an amber to blow. And it was windy. It was windy. And I said, God, you're so good, because you kept this area, you kept these families, and it was only it was isolated to the one apartment. Matthias, these people are back in their apartment, with the exception of that family. That's the power of God. Matthias, yeah, and we gotta stand in it. We gotta, we gotta be so convinced that, Okay, God, you chose me. You're going to keep my house, you're going to keep my family, you're going to keep my sanity, you're going to keep my faith, because that's his responsibility. Salvation means that that you're going to rescue me from anything and everything that comes my my way, everything, everything God, even if I'm in the middle of it, Matthias, you're going to keep me. That's your faith. When I woke up this morning, Matthias, he told me you're a worshiper. So you know what that that puts you in the category of David. You that puts you in a category of Moses, that puts you in a category of Jesus. He was a worshiper, yeah, yeah, you're in the elite group of God Matthias. You're not the last, you're the first. Yeah, but we get slaughtered all the day long. We do that's your posture. Don't move Matthias. Stay in the presence of God and He's talking to you. You can hear his voice now you ex. Executed. Okay, without apology. When Jesus was given instructions Matthias, he already knew he was going to be crucified before the day he was born, he was slain. Isn't that something? Go figure. How do you do that? Is that nuts. Matthias, before the foundation of the world, the Lamb that was playing sight. Whoa, wait a minute. So why did you even bring him here? Well, because He loves us, yeah, because we made a big mess of things. Nisa, I gotta get them out if your children get tangled in something, Matthias, you're not gonna leave there and say, I hope you get out. You're gonna drop everything. Let's say, Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Be still. Be still. Let me get let me get your foot. You know my great niece, Aubrey, she's a climber. She's one. So now she's no longer in the bouncy, but she wants to climb in the bouncy. She gets one leg caught up in there. And we're like, Oh my God. And then you could just see her hanging over with her head hanging. Aubrey, please. You can no just, you know, we want to say, ask one of us to put you in there. Don't throw your leg over in and now you're hanging I'm just telling but that's us, Matthias, and God sent someone to the rescue. And you're thinking, Oh, my goodness, you did it again. But guess what? Until they learn they're going to do it over and over. Until they learn Matthias that you know what you're doing. They're going to attack you over and over again. And every time they attack you, they're killing something in you, Matthias, that God didn't want there anyway. Yeah. Yeah. He doesn't want you afraid. He doesn't want you second guessing. He doesn't want you running for cover. He doesn't want you avoiding confrontation. No, no. I'm pushing you in the battle. Can you feel me push you? I'm pushing. Can you feel me pushing you? Can you? Can you feel me pushing you? Matthias, can you feel it? I want you to stop pushing me. You pushing me? Yeah. I want you to feel it. Get back in there. Get back in there. And the thing you're running from Satan has hidden or blocked. What's yours? Go to Joshua. Matthias, this is your homework assignment, the audio Bible of Joshua, where you don't have to be bothered. You can put it in your ear if the kids are doing something, and you could just let it play. Just let it You mean, like, what? And I learned because I gave another brother Joshua, the book of Joshua, and I said, read it in the audio Bible, or or allow it to play from Bible gateway com, in the audio Bible, and it's just gonna mess your head up, because that's the time and the season we're living in. First God asked us to occupy, now he's asking us to advance. And so when you hear all the hail they went, you was like, God, wouldn't it have been easier to just give them the land however he knew and Israel would turn around and do exactly what they've done in the wilderness, because they I need them to feel what it's like to advance.

Speaker 1  49:01
That's all this is, that's all this is, that's all this is Matthias. It's training, training for reigning Matthias.

Unknown Speaker  49:22
What are your thoughts?

Unknown Speaker  49:25
So with all of this,

Speaker 2  49:34
if one of the questions is, save that one situation that I say

Speaker 1  49:43
it again, Matthias, because you were breaking up that last part,

Unknown Speaker  49:51
it's kind of, how do you how do you like

Speaker 1  49:59
you're. It. Matthias, I don't know if it's the location you're in, but it's staticky, and I can't hear you. I don't know if, okay, do you have a headset on?

Speaker 2  50:10
Or I do have is that? Is this any better? Yeah, this is better. Okay, so, so there's kind of a big question in a more, maybe more specific example of this. But you know, one of the one of the questions is with this whole thing of, how do you discern the Lord and all of this like, like? So I there's times when I when I look at situations and I see things that other people don't see, and sometimes it's time to say something. Sometimes it's not,

Matthias Miller  50:39
it's kind of like I have my own capacity to so it feels like right now where God has me focus is, is on my family and on myself and and on on my business. Like, that's kind of where the bulk of my energy is supposed to be okay. But how to know? Like, so when I see something, to whether to do something with it, and how to know whether you know, am I, am I going to be confident that I'm doing it because that I'm staying out because I'm not supposed to? Or am I just shying away from conflict? One example is example I shared earlier about about the situation, getting involved in somebody, somebody gave a word years ago, about my brother and I starting a school of ministry,

Speaker 2  51:24
and so he recently moved about an hour away from us, and he's talking to a pastor about to his pastor, about starting a school. His pastor is very supportive. And he kind of asked me, if you know, if we could meet

Matthias Miller  51:37
my, my big and and and part of me it's like, well, this, this just is a distraction for me. Like, this is like, what? What do I even have to add? Like, why? Why should I even be there? Like, there's no agenda besides, oh, well, let's meet. Um. But then with that too, you know, one of the things that I'm seeing is that you can many of these schools are optimized for the experience at school. They're not optimized for sustainability after people leave. Yeah, and that's like immediately when I that that was the thought that gave me, gave me that kind of, that resolution to the restlessness of my spirit about this and and so how do I know? Does my question? How do I know? Yeah,

Speaker 1  52:26
no, I totally get it. Matthias, here's the thing. That's sustainability afterwards this critical call. That's a critical piece, and that would be your piece. This is the thing, Matthias, it's funny, because it's like, I'm talking to myself when I talk to you, I'm telling you my challenge is, Matthias, there is no it's kind of like me being a state ship out there. Now it's time to come back. I've orbited as long as I could, and now it's time for me to land again, and I'm looking to say I don't see a landing pad. I just see water, and I'm not about to be sitting in the middle of somebody's ocean hoping somebody paid attention and got that Vivian didn't land on land. She's in the water, and you all need to go get her. So, Matthias, we're a different breed. We're different Matthias, you Matthias, I don't know if you need to tattoo it on your forehead. Tattoo it on your neck. You know, people are bold today. They might tattoo it on their cheek. Matt Matthias, you're a troubleshooter. I don't care if it's ministry, quote, unquote, because ministry is our lives. It's not this pulpit thing where we showing up once a week, twice a week. Brief, no. Ministry is what did when you woke up. What did God tell you to do? He told you to call your mother you check in on her. Hey, Mom, you know what? I've been having this pain in my hip. Okay, I'm going to stop by. Let me look. Oh, my God, Mom, you got to bruise. We need to take we need to go look at this. That's ministry Matthias. How often was Jesus in the temple.

Unknown Speaker  54:29
He was wasn't either weekly twice, for sure,

Speaker 1  54:36
once he whooped the money changes out of there, and the second time when he read Isaiah to them this day, has this scripture been? Where find some other times he was in the temple. True God is breaking our paradigms, Matthias and. Yes, and he's breaking it with people that are unconventional. Matthias. It's like you said needles in my chair or a thumbtack. Because I'm like, Oh, my God, how long do I have to say Matthias? I am not that person. I'm not and I used to when God first saved me, I said, You know what, Lord, I really love you, but I don't like these people that say they love you, because I'm but it was the prophetic grace on my life. Matthias, where I would see things I'm like, That's my You're a liar. Matthias, I didn't know that I was discerning this person. I didn't have language for what, who I was, so I did not fit, and always got in trouble. Matthias, I lived in trouble. I would ask the question that the other 30 people in the room wanted to ask. They look at me like you don't have right to ask this question. And I would look at him to say, and you don't have a right not to answer that. Warfare was constant. Matthias, oh, my God. So then that means that I can't go to church. But what he was doing, he was, he was he was molding me. He was shaping like this. I didn't call you to go to church. I didn't call you to sit in a church. I called you to develop kings. But there was no school of development for King, for developers of kings, Matthias, I'm telling you, we got to create it. Yes, and you know what you do, because you love your brother, and you love God, and you love the people of God, and you love the the lost people you you're a Lover of Mankind. Matthias, you got it right. But guess what? You are not to conform to what man is doing. No, you're to transform. You're to be transformed. To transform. Yeah, so we don't fit Matthias, and you're not going to force me to fit. I'm prepared to have a conversation with my pastor and all of the five people that's in our congregation, not counting children, and say, Listen, I'm not gonna, Y'all not gonna see me every Sunday. I know my work is out there. My work is not in here. And so don't say, Well, where is Vivian? She's doing the work of Him that sent her, just like Jesus, when his parents like, where is that boy? What I'm what you mean, where am I? I'm doing, what it what I was born to do. And Matthias, we got to stand on that. Yes, we don't. We don't know. We don't conform. Your angst is this, why are you putting why? Why are we opening up this school, and it's a million of trained people out here that don't know what the heck they're doing. Don't have a support system. Yes, exactly. So yeah. Matthias, that is my soapbox. No, okay, when these people come in here, what are we developing them for? And are we going to do life with them? Yes, that's my question. Yes, I have. I you know how people say she's got one foot in and one foot out? Well, I got one foot in this wonderful system that you call church, that you set up, and I got my other foot in the kingdom. And guess what? Guess what? Matthias, I'm about to pull that foot from out of there. I'm Matthias. That's the truth. That's a That's a powerful visual, right? It is. I know an animator I get out of design that thing for me, one foot in the church and one foot in the kingdom. Where do you think the other foot belongs? Yeah, in the kingdom, yeah. So guess what? Matthias, you know where your brother is. You know what his intent is. Guess you may he may be the Initiate of this, that and the other, and you're the final thing of that, because that's who you are. You are. Not Want to get in here. Let's try and be because we said we trying to know, train them. No, we need to do life. What is his home life like? Is his wife suffering? Are the kids? Okay? What is his financials? Right? Honestly, come on.

Speaker 1  59:40
He told the fisherman, I'm going to make you fishermen. They thought they was fishing Matthias, and they were doing a conventional thing, and he said, Throw the net on other side. They look at him like where you come from. What do you mean? Throw the net on the other side. They were saying, We been there all night. Ain't nothing over there. Yes, but because God said it, the manifestation had to come Matthias.

Speaker 1  1:00:13
So when you sit with your brother and you're going to sit with him, Matthias, because He loves you, and you're that part of God where you say, That's stupid, but you can't always say it, because I like, Oh my God, here we go, you know? And I have to say to God, give me patience. Give me patience, you know, I do. That's my mantra. Give me patience, Lord, give me and then I know tribulation is coming over there. But God, right now I'm struggling. I'm really and he said, you won't be all right, then you're going to be all right. Just, just stay the course. I put you on this path and and that's it. Matthias, no, you're not giving up your life. You You help where you can say, Listen, it's what I see. You know what my contention? And spell it out. It's time for that. It's time for that. And then you say to God, I feel like this is a time waster, but I know you love people. I'm telling you, Matthias, my responsibilities. One of my biggest is I pick up my great knee when somebody else doesn't pick her up. And she's a middle schooler, she's an eighth grader, she's about to embark on high school. And one thing, Holy Spirit tell me, because I'm thinking, Lord, I really don't have time for that. There are things, you know, I got bigger fish to find guys like no you need to, you need to spend a little time with this little Guppy here, because this little Guppy is about to be in the most influential time of her life. And she need to hear her aunt, her great aunt, saying some things to her. So what he shared with me, Matthias, was, this is your time together this so you pick her up when you have the opportunity. And it never fails, Matthias, as soon as she gets in my car, Auntie, I have a question. I said, okay, and it's always something crazy. And I say, What are your thoughts about that? She said, Well, you know, and she's responding from a 13 year old. And I say, Okay. And I said, now tell me what God's thought is. He said, Oh, God, I'm sure. Blah, blah, blah, okay, well, we need to find out in the scriptures, what does God say? I'm not beating her over the head with a Bible. I'm using every opportunity Matthias, because we're grooming her to lead. So we got a groomer to think, we got a groom to weigh the choices. We got to groom her that your my perspective, your perspective are not the only perspective. Let's always look at God's perspective. And you know what I have her do with her wonderful iPhone 11 that she got for Christmas. I say Google that in the Bible and tell me what the Word says, because I need to tool her up. Matthias, I'm not going to be with her in high school. And then, and then this what she'll say. Sometimes say, Okay, I know what you gotta say. What does God think? Okay, I know what you're gonna say. I'm gonna look up the Scripture. So let me look up the Scripture myself. That's exactly what I want. I want it to become a reflex. Well, that's what you do. You see what I'm saying. I'm training her to live Matthias, not to be dependent on me. Yeah. You train your brother to hear from God, not to do what he's saying. That's who you are. You develop thinkers. Matthias, yes, and they're going to oppose it. They're going to fight with you. I know what you're going to as long as you know what I'm going to say, but I want that thing resonating in your spirit, in your heart and in your mind. This is what my great aunt Vivian would say, You got that right, because I just sat with a young lady that has just mutilated herself. You hmm. And she comes to me with these questions, Matthias, you know, and you know, we want her to have friends, and we want her to to thrive socially. And here she is only in eighth grade, and she says, one of my friends have decided she's gay. And I, you know, my. Hair is sitting on the back of my neck, and I'm, you know, calm myself down. I look at I say, Okay. And I said, Well, which friend? She says, Well, I want to protect her privacy. I want to grab her and say, Wait a minute. You You need to tell me. So Matthias guys like, back off. She's talking. And I said, Okay, well, what has she said to you about thinking she's gay? She said, well, she's, she's been, she's a boy. She likes girls. And I said, Okay. And I said, Well, what do you think about that? She said, I I don't know. Like, that's why I'm talking to you, because, because I really feel sorry for her, you know? And I say, Okay, so there's this heart of compassion, and, you know, and God is just showing me this big picture, Matthias, this is who you're developing, and you get and you're walking on fair nights. And I said, okay, so does her parents know? No, because they wouldn't agree to it. I said, Okay, why do you think our parents wouldn't agree? So I'm just just picking, you know, trying to see, what are you thinking and what are your thoughts and what are your responses? Because Matthias, if I don't do that, I won't know. So pick your brother's brain. What did God say to you? Is this what he told you? It may not mean I've learned Matthias. When people call me and they say, Viv I need your advice. Blah, blah, blah, blah, you know what? The first thing I said, I said, What did God say about that? Well, I haven't talked. Oh, well, talk to him, and when you finish talking him, come back and we'll talk, come on. We gotta, we gotta train and develop people go to the source, not the resource. Yeah, that's what all of this is, that you're that person. I know I'm talking I'm talking to myself. Yeah. What did God say? First question to your brother, what did God say? Oh, well, you know, and you may hear a whole lot of stuff, but the question is, is that what God said? Yeah, my phone doesn't ring a lot. Matthias, they know the script. What did God say? I promise you, there's been dilemmas in the family. It's an army of Matthias. I get a text, Auntie, you need to talk to such and such. You know what I say about what? No, tell me what it is. Well, I can't tell you right now. Okay. Well, then guess what? You need to go to God with that thing and ask God, what do you want me to do? I can't help you if you don't talk to me. And so I'm grooming them Matthias for them to understand I'm not gonna judge you for that situation, because they're real. This is life. So we need to know what's going on. And so now, if I get the full blown story, auntie, this is what's going on, blah, blah, blah, okay, then I start directing traffic. Okay, get in touch with their brother. Tell their brother this is what's going on, because they're not going to allow me to help them, but they'll listen to their brother literally. I am a tragic cop in my family. Matthias, however, I've trained them how to deal with me, and that's what I need you to do, yeah, develop people on how to relate to you, redirect them. You're that person. You're this is what I see. I see you like the sun, Matthias, and there's all these planets orbiting around you. You know what the sun does, the one responsibility of the Sun is to continue to shine. That's all the fun, folks. Yeah. And as the sun continues to shine, Matthias, every planet around it gets the appropriate provision, because the sun's job is to shine. Always think about what's your role in the matter. That's all I need from you, Matthias, until I'm at call what is your role in the matter. Is your brother younger or older than you? He's older, okay, and you know what? He trusts you. Matthias, because you're trustworthy. Not only does he trust you, God trusts you.

Speaker 1  1:09:59
It's a whole. The people, they got their little my new complaint, Matthias, but they love you and they trust you, and it reminds me of Elijah. Do you remember some of the people had to fight? We don't want to call Elijah, because all he ever has is bad news. And there was an instance they called on Elijah, and he came and he lied to him. He said, You gotta win. And they look that answer was too simple. They said, Elijah, you are not.

Speaker 1  1:10:39
He said, No, this was gonna happen. They going to slay you. They going to tear you off, you know? And then he had to get into why? Yeah, you know, Matthias, what people want to hear, but it tears you apart to know this is not what I need to tell you, what I really need to tell you. This is what Vivian needs you to do, Matthias, I need you to tell people what you really need to tell them. And what you can say is Vivian told me to tell you.

Speaker 1  1:11:13
Why do you think Matthias people say, God, say it. That's Yes. They're getting their brush off of brother. They like, I know what I need to tell you. I'm gonna say, God said, This is what he told me to I'm telling you, Matthias, just say, you know, I have a sister in my life, Vivian. This what she told me to tell you, you can use me. Matthias, a million miles away. Well, who is this city? Well, if you want to meet her, I can arrange it. Oh, you got, you got some weapons? Matthias, you got, you got some backup? Brothers, sit down with your brother and let him hash out what he think he's doing and say, Okay, we're having this meeting. What did God show you that I'm supposed to be doing? And I'm telling you, Matthias, I sat in millions of meetings like that, and they got this blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, to give you an example, the ministry that I'm in right now, and I've been there all of two years and for five years, Matthias, I was not in church because I was sick of it. I was like, God, I can't do it anymore. You gotta help me. I need a break. But I was just like, Elijah. I was resting. I didn't know it, but I was tired. I was like, God, these people aren't listening. And so in that process, what he showed me was there by design, I allow certain incidents to happen because I need certain results. Yes. So it's bigger than us. Matthias, have that meeting with your brother and let him hatch. And, you know, dissect and, and, you know, talk about all of the beautiful plants and blah blah blah. And then, you know, okay, where do you see me? What? What do you see me doing? Oh, I see you. Blah, blah blah, and let them say it and all this and that. Okay? And then throw in there. What is God telling you? Throw it in there. What is God telling and then, after he talks about what God has told him, you're supposed to be doing, and then tell him, this is what he told me. And then break down, I'm supposed to be with my family. Do you hear me? Matthias, go there. Yes, that's how you deal with every stupid situation that you have to deal with. Okay, what do you see? Oh, just let them talk. Okay, and what do you see me doing? Oh, I see you. Okay. Jesus didn't approach nobody without asking them. Who do you say? He knew before he asked the question Matthias, but he wanted the person who wanted him to do whatever it is they want him to do, to know. So this is about your brother. This is not about you, yeah, and that's how we maneuver and manage relationships. Matthias, this ain't about me. That's not about us. This is about what God taught you to do. And if you allow them to talk, they will hear it with their own ears. Matthias, that was the point. Who do you say that I am? And when they got to talking about Whoa, whoa, wait a minute, and it made room for Holy Ghost to jump in the conversation. Say this is. One. I'm not Elijah, I'm not some prophet. I'm the son of God. You know what I'm saying? Before he finished rattling off who he was, the person he was talking to, they got the revelation. Whoa, you the son of God. And then Jesus said, flesh and blood didn't reveal that to you.

Speaker 2  1:15:20
Can I Can I jump in? I'm gonna have to drop drop off for a few minutes. I've got more time if you want to keep going. Or I don't want to say, yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:15:29
no, just drop off and call me back, call me back or call me back. Okay, all right, yep, okay. Okay, so it's your turn talk to me. Okay?

Unknown Speaker  1:15:47
I mean, that's really good. I mean, I think that's, that's really, that's really practical. I think

Speaker 2  1:16:02
one of, one of the things I probably wrestle with, too, is I'll start that's a lot to process, because you're right. I know what people want to hear. And sometimes, sometimes it feels like people look to me for validation. Yes,

Speaker 1  1:16:23
me too, not. Sometimes they do eliminate there is no sometimes, I think part

Speaker 2  1:16:36
of it, there's a little part of it that's me adjusting to that, because I'm to me, I'm just like, I'm just me. I mean, you know you can do what you want. I'm not trying to control or manipulate you. I'm just, here's my perspective, and you're awesome in your way, and I'm awesome in my way, and like, let's just live. But so there's that, and I've seen that emerge a lot more lately. But you know another thing too, is, do I see this as an assignment, where, when these situations arise, to

Matthias Miller  1:17:09
at least engage with them at some some level or or do I do I ask God specifically for each situation? Or do I ask people what they're hearing or like, go

Speaker 1  1:17:21
with your gut. Go with your gut. Matthias, because you're being trained. Yeah, you're being trained. We'll be we're in training. And one of the things I do Matthias, is I just get quiet now, but I'm 59 years old. I've had a lot of branches Matthias, and we are who we are, and God loves every cell, every part of us, and we're always accepted by him. Matthias, regardless, regardless of dotting the I, regardless if we cross the T or not, regardless if we responded and it was a trigger, and you freaking out. It's like, how am I supposed to know that? That frustrates you, and we got to be honest, Matthias, I've had because my family is so large, I've had amazing opportunities for craziness stuff that was so out of my control. And I was like, I would just look up to heaven and say, God please. And my god please. Was screaming, get me out of here. I don't want to be here. I don't want to deal with this. This is the timing is off, and why is this happening now and in those moments? And it's because I've had experience and time with God that I realized number one, this is my first thought, is you're not going to die from this. Everybody around you is not going to die from this. So calm down. Just calm yourself down, because we're walking in the flesh. We're spiritual beings having a natural experience Matthias. And my inclination may may be I'm running away from me. I'm never coming back. I don't I don't want to see anybody involved in this thing, and God has been okay. That's That's how Jesus felt, too. He went away like, I don't want to be bothered with this, because he was a he was 100% God, 100% man, and he was experiencing exactly what we experienced Matthias. And when people, for the most part, need God, they feel that God need with people, places and things Matthias. That's our norm. That's what we're accustomed to doing human beings and God has. Constantly modify us and say this, it's not the end of the world. You're going to wake up tomorrow. I have the answer. However, it's not coming tomorrow. That's real. That's life. And we learn to manage our natural selves. Matthias, and the interesting part is we have to manage other people's natural fails, yeah, and they're doing their best. The little one year old got his foot stuck in there again. You just, you know, say, okay, honey, we got to get locked for this, because he keeps these. He's attracted to it. We got to find him one for himself, or you just making all kinds of modification, because you understand he's one. Keep in mind, go ahead, I'm listening,

Speaker 2  1:20:55
and it feels like, with all of this, even as good as you're talking, that there's, I don't know how to put it into words, but it feels like God's fairly dramatically shifting how I view and relate with other people.

Speaker 1  1:21:08
Yes, he is. You said it. You said it awesome in an awesome way, dramatically to this point, it's, it's making your head spin like that's making you cry out. You know, honestly, I had a I have a sister. Now we're best friends. She hated me. Matthias, I would just give my normal response. You see, I'm not thinking anything. I'm responding. She goes, No, and then she'll go through this toilet paper roll of reason why it is the way she sees. And I'm thinking, You know what? I'll just keep them closed and Matthias, I would. And I really had to isolate myself from this particular sister. I have three. And I was like, she hates me. And I would tell God, I said, I I don't know what I did to her, and I hadn't done anything Matthias, but my very face annoyed her. She would tell me something, and my my response to things I'm telling Matthias, if you whenever you around me, you'll notice I'm going to smile first, it's not because I think it's a joke that's a coping mechanism for Vivian. Otherwise, I'm going to slap you in your face. Now you this smile. You might want to tolerate this more so than me grab something in your side, your head. So that's really how I feel about the matter. So it's a coping mechanism for me. But it was like, You think everything is funny. I said, Oh, so now, Matthias, I'm not joking. I had to practice like, okay, when she said something, do not smile. It was just a joke. It was a nightmare Matthias, but it was how she was wired, and it was how I was wired, and it was this perpetual clash, perpetual I'm talking and we're two years apart. And so I, when I was around her, it was like I was in a minefield, like, I don't know. I don't know if you're going to blow up or if we're okay right now, I just don't know. And so when she would blow up, I would smile and say, Okay. I would just say, Okay. And I would sit for about two more minutes, and then Matthias, I was out of there, like,

Unknown Speaker  1:23:40
it's not my cup of tea. That's real. That's life. And so you are. You're being in an accelerated class of

Speaker 1  1:23:54
maneuvering through a minefield. Yeah, that's it. That's where you are. That's your destination. You know at the moment when they say you are here, it's a little red dot, yes, and Matthias, you're gonna know it like you guys just want to bust up, because you're gonna hear this thing you are here, and you go down. Oh my god. I can't laugh right now. It's gonna be offensive, but I'm telling you, Matthias, and then there would be time I would just go away and holler laughing. Like, God, I don't understand, you know what he said to me, I don't understand her either. Like, oh, yeah, that makes two of us, okay. I'm in good company. And and now Matthias, oh, she loves me. Oh, I'm just her cup of tea, because Matthias, I've learned when she blows up, I let her, you know, until she fizzles out, and I just go somewhere else and do something I love. And I say, okay, and I'll say to the kids, because, you know, we all have cell phones. And I say, is it safe? Come back upstairs, and I'm like, I will disappear. I mean it, I learned, I learned Matthias, but I went through it over and over to the degree I would, you know, tell her, give her a piece of my mind and and she it. I mean, it was fuel for the fire. I was like, Whoa, this is not helping. So I learned. I had to learn. I had to learn, and I had to stay in class, Matthias until I learned that's where you are, the accelerated class. So you in the accelerated class like you don't. You don't have five years. You might not have five minutes. Matthias, he's sharpening your discernment. He's refining you. And that's a good thing, because he's refining you for something he has in store. And that's, that's where I find comfort. Like, okay, this is not in vain. Lord, you got me in this and I do, I moan and groan. I give it to God. Like, oh, here comes this person. Oh, I gotta sit in this meeting, you know? And there's that scripture in Hebrew where it says Jesus learned obedience by the things that he suffered. That's how he learned Matthias. So it must need be these situations. And he's moving parts. And obviously he's developing you to ruling rain Matthias. And this is ruler, rulership, 101 and reigning 102 and, okay, God and, and I've learned Matthias that I endure it. I just Okay, God, okay, okay. And I shared that at the truth center. I say okay when I absolutely am in disagreement, because I learned when I open my mouth, I've just set the course for him to work on me so that I can get through this. Yeah, okay, okay, we'll stop a war. Okay, we'll diffuse the biggest bomb they're aiming at us. Now, because I said, Okay, doesn't mean you're going to accomplish what you think you're going to accomplish in this situation. Because the word of God says God has the final word, yeah, yeah, yeah. He's got the final word. It could appear you, Oh, you think you you got one on me. And, you know, we live in a culture of I'm one up on you. No, you're not, because God has the final say. We gotta live with that. Matthias, I'm tooling you, I'm equipping you, and I'm pushing you back into the ring every time I discern you want to run this is for you. You write that down, put that on tape.

Unknown Speaker  1:28:27
Can you do that again?

Unknown Speaker  1:28:29
This gonna push me back into the ring every time it appears that I'm trying to come out. Were you in the labor room with your wife, Matthias for the birth of any of your babies?

Speaker 2  1:28:50
We actually haven't had any any kids of our own yet. We've Okay, okay, yeah, we got the foster care and I ended up adopting. Okay.

Speaker 1  1:28:59
Okay, okay. Okay. So have, have you ever heard the horror stories of women? Okay, and Matthias, that she's in the we associated women do, and I don't have any birth children either. We associate giving birth with Psalm 23 being in the shadow of death, because many women have lost their lives in childbirth, and we hear the good news about a woman making through it and the baby making it through. But literally, the baby and the mother are in the valley of the shadow of death. In that birthing room. A million things could happen to either one of them, and so Matthias, we have God in those places that have. Shadows, just shadows. They're just shadows. Matthias, they're not real. You could actually go into your kid's room and do a shadow, and when I go and the shadow is huge, and it's only your two fingers, yes, your little hand, which is nowhere near the size of that shadow on the wall. That's what people are living. They're living in shadows. Matthias, it's not that serious,

Unknown Speaker  1:30:33
yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:30:39
It's not that serious. And as you keep living like I'm doing, I'm living I'm now 59 and I'm telling you, Matthias, the things that the kids run to me and I say, Okay, what did? And they could barely share because it's just devastating. And I'll say, what happened, and they'll say, he doesn't like me. And I said, Okay, and what did he do to you? For you to think that he does, he took his such and such back. Well, it belongs to him. That's his. Well, developmentally, that's where the child tell me what I know.

Unknown Speaker  1:31:26
Matthias, yes,

Speaker 1  1:31:30
that's who you are. You're that adult. You're that mature person. And these little kids are running all over the world doing stuff, and you're the, you're the stability of God for so many Matthias, and when it was too many, Jesus got in the boat. Keep that visual in your mind. He got in that boat and he pushed the waves I got. I just need some room, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:32:01
I need, I need to catch my breath. Yeah, that's where you are. Just catch your breath. Get your bearings before you respond to that. Get your bearings and say, God, what is this?

Speaker 1  1:32:19
And then let him break it down for you. This is what it is. Matthias, this one is doing that. He will take you into their little wherever they think they are, and show you exactly what it is. And you'll say, oh, okay, okay, okay, thanks, Lord. I know what it is. That's all we need, because this is his plan. This is his journey. He he put us here. He knew before we got here, so it's imperative that we talk to him. And when it's so overwhelming and frustrating, you say, ah, right now, I can't respond, and it's the truth, because you're not going to like my answer, because it's an impulse, and I don't want to respond impulsively to this foolishness.

Speaker 1  1:33:15
And what's interesting, what keeps me sane, Matthias, is I have flashbacks of what did Jesus do? What did Jesus do? That's the point of me being in the word month, because I need something Matthias to help me stand like you. Now I keep getting these funny visuals from God. Now I know why he took Moses. Moses like I'm about to kill all 4 million,

Unknown Speaker  1:33:41
not one all of God was like now You about to ruin your reputation. You need to leave.

Speaker 1  1:33:51
Yeah, yeah, human, they'll do that. They do that. They do that. They trigger things. Matthias, and so a lot of what you're feeling is not even your own feeling. People are projecting on you, like what I'm not in competition with you, but their security insecurities are screaming at you say, oh, okay, we're dealing with a spirit of insecurity. Okay, let me take that to prayer. Let me make a declaration for this over your life, because in order for me to work with you, I'm not competing with you. Yeah, yeah, that's real. Yes, very real. And in in your industry and in your environment, come on. Matthias, I do, you know, and this is sad, this ministry that that God sent me to two years ago, New Year's Eve is when he sent me there. Matthias, you know that Sunday, New Year's was on a Sunday, I went to the Sunday service, and I had been visiting, and I'm not joking. Matthias. I'm sitting there because I'm thinking, I'm not partaking in anything that I can't deal with right now, and this was after my five years, I'm not attending anybody's church saying I was a member, but I would be in church every Sunday. Matthias, but because I'm not your member, doesn't mean I'm the devil. I I'm just telling you,

Unknown Speaker  1:35:25
I've been around this conversation.

Speaker 1  1:35:28
I'm telling you Matthias, that's the world I live in. Yeah, so here I am trying to hear from God, and God says, this is your church. You know what I said back to him, Are you sure? Because I'm the one in Matthias, I would say, God, I can't go back there. And I'm okay with and I'm okay with what people think. And he's, I know this, this is it, and what it is Matthias, it's a ministry where we have internet radio, we have internet, TV and this and any other, and it's a platform for anybody with ministry or anybody with a benefit to mankind can be on. And it's a small fee, a small monthly fee, and so we have all this wonderful set up for it, and these studios, and it's none the other. I was like, Cool. These people are really doing something. I cannot go somewhere in spirit. I just it doesn't work for me. Matthias, and in that process, I now the honeymoon is over. Honeymoon is over. Been there two years. I'm like, Oh my god. So I'm seeing this. I'm saying that I'm blah blah, blah, blah blah, because now I'm seeing people's humanity, and I'm saying, Okay, God, what do you want me to do about this and that? And he is really physically training me, practically training me. That's not your problem here. That's not your problem. Why did I send you here? What's your focus? Blah, blah, blah. And God is repetitively reminding me, this is why you're here. This is why you here. You're not here because none of that and it's keeping me on course. Matthias, that's how we do it. We allow Holy Spirit to keep us on, course, keep us on. Course, keep us on course. You know that's the only way. There's no other way. And you're already there. Matthias, you're just doing life now. Nothing is missing, nothing is broken, concerning your life, you're on you're on schedule, and allow yourself to be on schedule. Be okay. Okay. That part's not finished, that's okay, okay. Matthias, I've got maybe 15 titles of books that I haven't written, one yet. And God gives me stuff. I go in, I jot it down. Give me some go and guess what? My worry is not. When my worry, my concern is okay. Did I get did I capture what you're saying? God, is that what you said to me? And all of a sudden, now I just got off the phone in our little break where one of my spiritual daughters, she just we just got off the phone, and we found a gentleman to walk me through which one I'm going to start with Matthias. That's what I was waiting for, because I don't have the time to choose,

Unknown Speaker  1:38:25
yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:38:29
Everything is on schedule. Now. I've got time to write Matthias, because some things have shifted, but in all the time that he was giving me titles and thoughts and subjects, I just kept a record, and that's all you need to do. Matthias, just keep a record. Just do good record keeping. Keep your thoughts organized. Matthias, keep your peace, keep your joy when it gets too heavy and too serious and too deep, go watch your favorite comedian and just laugh. And just laugh because it does the heart like Madison. I love hanging around my sister that was totally opposing me, because she is my favorite comedian, because she learned how to laugh at herself. Matthias, but it took years. That's how I need you to see people. It's going to take a minute, yeah, and be okay with that. Be okay with that. And you know what Jesus did when he got tired? Part of all the perfect people. He hung out with the publicans, the sinners. He knew he was the son of God. There are a couple of entertainers. There's this one jazz artist, and he's he's phenomenal. He's going to be at Chicago theater. And I keep looking. I'm like, man, but who can I take with me? Because I've got to do more of that. Because my assignments, they get larger, they get more intricate, and the more that happens to me, the more I need to do something that Vivian absolutely loves. Matthias to pull me away, to totally pull me away like, Nope, we're not doing this today. We're not doing that. And I just get to hear this amazing gift and be blessed by it. So you gotta keep doing that, getting with the kids and just laughing and letting them tackle you, and letting them pull your ear and put their finger in your nose and expect you, and, you know, give you their dirty food that they just scraped across the floor. And, you know, just, just, just, just just be dead, yeah, or get with your wife and she's washing the dishes, and you get the towel and you're drying them, or she's making a big, on the other hand, she's like, I got this, you know? No, I want to help. Be start picking up stuff you get behind her. You know that that's, that's the stuff that keeps us alive. Matthias, they're in your life because they love you. And when you can't find love nowhere else, that one year old is gonna grab you around your neck and not let you go. Yes, that's your assignment, that you don't miss that, because you're in a class of acceleration. And just like you, they're in a class of acceleration too. And when you look up, they're going to be 12 years old, and you're like, oh my god, I can't stand this person that I used to love, yeah, that you don't want to miss for nobody and nothing, and God loves your family the way you love them, Matthias and the way we love our families is a greater testimony and a greater letter than anything we could do Matthias, because That's the example. That's what God said. He said, Please let it start at home first. Yeah, that's what keeps the world moving. Yeah, we're going to invent stuff, and we're going to make things much more easier to live with, and we're going to bring resolution to life. But you know what the greatest memory as long as you live on the earth, is when you was with your baby and you held him and you just helped him get back to sleep, and you loved on him, and he knew, like, I'm going to get better because daddy see it, Yeah, that's your, that's your, your trophy. Yeah, you don't get that up, but nobody, that's what you're fighting for. Matthias, you love your family, and God's going to deliver, but you're not going to be pulled all over the place because people's lives are out of order. That's not your problem. Yeah. What are your thoughts? And we can close our meeting because I've held you long enough and and I want you to be able to come up for air and process all this um planting that I've done today.

Speaker 2  1:44:02
Um, I'm gonna have to go back and I'm gonna have to listen to some of this stuff, because it's just like, it's so much, so much, but it's so good. I think one of the big takeaways, even in this last part, is there's it's hard for me sometimes to relate to other people's world, because I've worked so hard to make my world, my inner world, a nice place to live. Yeah, yeah. And, and sometimes I feel like I don't even know how to relate with other people, because I don't even really remember what their world is is really like.

Speaker 1  1:44:48
And that's okay. That's okay. Matthias, yeah, and let it be okay. And let it be okay. And again, Garrett, is this my last story? Because, you know, I got 500 Jesus stories for got 5000 mary and martha Lazarus died pitching a fit. How dare you? You claim you love my brother, and you didn't show up. Now, he's dead, yeah, and he looked them in the face. Excuse me, I'm the resurrection and the life. Do you know who you're talking to? Sometimes a righteous indignation has to rise up because the same niece that I dearly love, this great niece, this little 13 year old whose life I get to be a part of, Matthias just got disrespectful and just out of character. And I told her, I said, Listen, I said, Do you think I have to come and pick you up. We had to go there. And I said, so I'm getting on the phone, and I'm having a conversation with your mom, and I'm thinking, maybe this is not the season. And she they had to rearrange how she got picked up and this and that, because no, you need to get this lesson, and you need to get it at 13. Yeah, that's real Matthias. We're not creating monsters. We're creating sons of God. Yeah, yeah. Allow those, those reasonings. Allow, you know, and no, I don't have to go through everything. Nobody, everybody has gone through. You know, something is going on. And I see God's face, and I say, Lord, what is this? And then he calls me the truth. And then I have to manage the information he gave me. You don't, you don't apologize for what's right. Matthias, that is who you are. You're a true worshiper. They're rare needle in a haystack. Okay, that's real, but we stay in the face of God so he can give us the assignment that he would have us to have, not the ones that people want us to have. Matthias, no. The answer is no. Write that down. The answer is no, and you have God's permission. He told the lady, I came for the Lost Children of Israel. What do you? Who are you? Did he not do that? Yes, he did. That was insulting like it I'm certain people like you are truly not the Matthias, because if I'm wrong with you, yeah, no is anointed, write it down. No is anointed. It's more anointed than yes, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:48:11
All right, I'm done. I love you. I'm excited. So good. Appreciate it about where you are. Matthias, you're in the center of the will of God. Write that down right after Noah's anointed, I'm in the center of the will of God. That means everybody else gotta back up. What do you want from me? Uh, Matthias, I'm crazy. I God had to save me, because my thing is, what are you doing? You asking me, What am I doing? What are you doing? And so now he's taught me to season. You know, my words are seasoning with grace, so I know how to talk to people now. Yeah, yes. No, it's anointed. You

Speaker 1  1:49:03
so good. Yeah, he knows. And I love it, because he's peeling things off of you Matthias and continue to let him fight for that Renaissance, fight for it. Yeah, yep, and take all these cases to the ultimate judge. And guess what? We're not bigger than him. Okay, I didn't get all that fresh off of you. Now you can WUSA, exhale.

Speaker 1  1:49:42
Good. Yes, yes. So do your homework. What's your homework? Matthias homework, Joshua

Unknown Speaker  1:49:51
Audio Bible. Joshua

Speaker 1  1:49:53
Audio Bible, gateway.com. They only have a few translations and audio and I choose. The NIV, and it's gonna, bless your size you gonna be like these people need to get on my face. Just get on my face. This is what Jesus was so bold. I don't know what the rest of the world is doing. Matthias, here it is. We need to build it up and Jesus like No, no, no, no, just enjoy the moment. Okay, stop needing to do something every time something's happening. I'm telling you, he was bold. He called Peter Satan. Come on. Matthias, just bind and lose a couple of people, it'll be alright. Okay, I'm looking forward to our next call. Yep, yeah, me too. Okay, blessings on you and your and your wife and your family and your household. God is with you. Matthias, okay, thank you. Everything. Do. Do it unto him, not unto man. Yes, okay, all right. Blessing healing is in your house. Matthias, I speak it and I decree it and I declare it. Michael and Sam in Jesus name amen, all right. Love you brother, yep, Love you too. Appreciate it. Okay, you're welcome. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai