Unknown Speaker  00:00
How. So what's the good news with Tim? So

Matthias Miller  00:07
he's, he said he was thinking the other night. He was thinking about systems and structure and all this other kinds of stuff. And he's like, and he was like, thinking about walls and windows and how, you know, whenever there's walls and windows, like, they, they, they diminish the strength of the structure and but how, when we get insanely busy, it's often because we we've got too many open doors and too many open windows and and like, just starting to to talk through, like, what does structure look like, from the standpoint of a building and spun off this, spun off this whole idea of, how can we explain systems to builders and like, imagine a blueprint where your front, the front door of your house, your your lawn, your yard, your curb, your curb appeal, All that was like your marketing and your, your your sales is like, it's, it's like, that's what gets people to your door, and you welcome them in. You get to know them. That's a sales conversation. You feed them in the kitchen and and you serve them a meal, and you've got the stuff that they see sitting at the table and the stuff that that's going on in the kitchen of, you know, the all the operations that's required to make it. And as they head back out the door, you give them, you know, a plate of cookies or something like that, to send them off. Yeah, and they tell their friends. And so suddenly you're looking at at your at your house from the perspective at your business, from the perspective of a house and rooms and like, yeah, visual, visual elements with it. So it could be a really powerful picture for because most of the systems, most people describe systems from a very either manufacturing or engineering perspective, yeah, and this is a very tangible construction, familiar way of explaining systems.

Speaker 1  02:05
Wow, this is awesome. So then that's relevant, and anybody can relate to that. Anybody can relate to that, yeah, you don't have to be a rocket scientist. We all know about a kitchen. We all know about. You know, every house has windows, and that brings it it makes it palatable. You know, for folks that really are not trying to be on the technical side of things, they just listen, I need results. I need the thing to function. You know, that's awesome. Yeah, that is really, really expensive.

Matthias Miller  02:46
And then talking with Tim, I mean, I'm sorry, spent a while talking with Craig and with Jason from Canada, okay? And Craig's like, like, he's kind of like, well, his mind, why? Like? He's just raising the question of, like, why software? He said, If I have two words to describe, you would say, I mean, there's two things that there's that you're good at. It's people development and it's, it's solving novel problems, okay? And he said, in his words, he would see, sees me as a people visionary, and then just asking the question of, like, I mean, this is partially directed towards, I'm just trying to figure out, how do, how do our pieces? How do we work together? How do we, you know, whatever, or even, even in terms of the business. His question was, why not scale back my involvement in code house or like my like, get rid of some of the heavy burden, the financial burden that code house is to me, and instead, just take some time find, find some more stable income, and allow that time to hunt out, hunt out and a more specific opportunity.

Speaker 1  04:26
And so when he says specific opportunity, what does he mean?

Matthias Miller  04:31
Like, can we, can we hunt down like, maybe something along the lines of what we've been talking about? If like, is there something that we could go into together, where my skill set, and his skill set could dramatically compound the value of a business, okay,

Unknown Speaker  04:52
and so what's his strength,

Matthias Miller  04:56
marketing and business? The. Business Building. I don't know if it's fully developed, but he has much more of an implementer type of, type of Mo, putting building structures and and those types of things into place. Okay,

Speaker 1  05:15
now, is this your cousin, or is this someone? Yeah, no, this is my cousin. Okay, so, what does it, what's his like, it sounds like he has a picture, or maybe, like, does he have a next step for you guys? Or, how

Matthias Miller  05:38
does that not necessarily? Well, I mean, his picture is, I don't know about the next step. I'm the one who's kind of putting on the brakes just because I can't. I don't, I don't feel free to do that at this at this stage, I have a I got to figure some things out on my end.

Speaker 1  05:59
Okay, but what are your Yeah, about the idea? Like, what are your thoughts about? I'm I'm not

Matthias Miller  06:06
opposed to the idea.

Matthias Miller  06:16
I'm not sure feels like there's a vision that he's got that, I'm not 100% seeing

Speaker 1  06:23
that. That would be my question, like, what does he see? You know,

Matthias Miller  06:28
I think, I think one of the things that he would see is find a business where they've got a great product, or they've, they've done, they've done some work to refine the they got a great business model, okay, but it's not executed very well, okay? And, and it has opportunity to scale, okay? And, and we would, we would help them. You know, either, either. I mean, there's, there's different ways, different ways to structure it, but basically, like, maybe, maybe it's literally taking stake in the company, or maybe it's or maybe it's simply having them sign a non compete and taking their their IP and replicating it, okay, nationally, but not at that area. Or, you know, I don't know what, there's different ways to structure it, but Okay,

Speaker 1  07:23
and so he did, he give more detail, or he just basically made that statement,

Matthias Miller  07:32
um, and then, and then, from that, I mean, one of the one of the value adds that he would see for me in that is he doesn't know how we would actually structure it, and, and not even sure of what my value, I mean, well, yeah, not sure how we would structure it. You know, there's all kinds of questions about majority stake and partnerships and all those types of things. And, okay, and then there's kind of the question of figuring out our relationship with each other, how we roll. One of the things he mentioned is that this is as I definitely have been sniffing out more opportunities than he has. But again, like I feel like it's yeah, anyway, I'm I'm honestly not sure what all to do with it.

Speaker 1  08:23
Okay? And here's the thing, it's the beginning, in other words, and keep it as that, not letting it on you, the ideology of it, keep it in a sense of as a blueprint, very much like building, the building where you start with blueprint, you got to figure out who you know what, what do we start first we know we have to excavate. And so I would, I would take it in that manner where you're not, yeah, not another, this is my thing right now. We got how many days left in the year, two after midnight, one, the whole day tomorrow. And any like I have, I have a woman. And get this Matthias, this lady, we probably, I probably, did a memo session with her in 2017 or 18, she reaches out to me on Messenger, and she says, you know, she's trying to have a conversation, and I'm not one to have conversations on Facebook. And so by her being a person that had that had a memo session, it was, it had to be about three years ago. She goes, You know, she's asking questions that are quite personal, and she can be an irritant. That's the best way I can describe her. Yeah, so Matthias, she then says, because it was more of a bait conversation, she said, Do you remember the last time we did our memos and I had about 20 minutes left, I wanted to just scream at her, Matthias, we're talking three years though. Yeah. I wanted to say, are you serious? Holy Spirit, just grab me by the arm. He says this, first of all, give the lady the 20 minutes and you'll never have to have this conversation again. So my thing is, Matthias, when we're in those situations, oftentimes we want to run as far opposite of what it is, and I am absolutely learning to go in head on. And so I said, Sure. And I looked at my calendar and I say, Lord, I need a couple of days get ready for this lady. Because she's a she's a true irritant, and so I'll be meeting with her tonight at 630 and you better know, Matthias, 20 minutes, I'm going to say, Oh, by the way, I have a client. You know the client is, is this Matthias? Because I don't want to be bothered, because I'm sure if she thinks it's not going to be 20 minutes, but if you went to that extent for 20 minutes, 20 minutes, it'll be, yeah, because anybody else, Matthias, they could have been VIV Can I talk to you? She didn't have to go that

Matthias Miller  11:41
throw down that deep yeah legal

Speaker 1  11:43
list, yeah. And that is just, to me, inhumane. I wouldn't have did. And so I'm thinking, what? And so there's my red flag, uh, 20 minutes, there have the, have my um, alarm point, and in 15 minutes, I'm going to say, Oh, we got five minutes, because I do have another client, and that client is my peace of mind, yeah, because it's what it is. It's a, as you mentioned, it's a door to a chummy conversation. No, no, no, no, we're not having a chummy conversation, because something is desperately wrong for you to go to that extent. Yeah, not engaged with it. Not I'm not engaging and and then you call me the week before the years, in the week of the last week of the year, who, who want? Who desires to be bothered with that foolishness? Matthias, and that's what I mean by protecting yourself, protecting your peace, protecting your heart and your mind. When it's something like I said, you look at that phone and say, No, I'm not, I'm not ready to have a conversation with this person, and it could be a good conversation, but not today, not right now. Yeah, I need you to be that intentional about your time. Yeah, because God is moving in your life, and it would be and these people are not Satan. However, if we are not on our square, he'll use us, any of us, to sabotage somebody position, to sabotage their blessing, to sabotage their future. I'm telling you, it would be just like Satan the last week of the year, Matthias And I said, Lord, thank you. I just began to thank him for her, because obviously she needs prayer, obviously something. You know, we're all in the pandemic. We that's a given, and I don't take that lightly. But no 20 minutes of that. If you need help. You can say this, I need some help. And I say, Okay, after the New Year, let me look at my calendar. But no, that to me, that's like, that's so I don't know, slimy, sneaky. Remember how you get those feelings like something's not right with this, yep, yep, yep, one of those, pretty much. So one of those. Yeah, one of those. And we have to be on alert because you're in a new place, fresh beginning. God gives us a new day, a new week, a new month, a new year, for a reason, because we need it. Yeah. And so position yourself new, new. Out with the old, in with the new. We don't know what the old is. However, we know there's new because we're alive to experience it. Yeah, God didn't take us home. We got work to. Do His work, not somebody else's work. And so that's a reminder, your terms are your terms. It doesn't matter who it is. It's a practice that you're walking in that hold up. Did you have the conversation with your parents, or did you meet with them?

Matthias Miller  15:23
No, not yet. Okay,

Speaker 1  15:24
okay. And so seriously, Matthias, in whatever relationship it is, you have terms, and they have terms, and you don't throw your terms out the window. So this, it's a dialog experience. It's not, it's not a monolog. And keep that in your heart. You have terms, and you write that somewhere, and you look at it, even if you put it on a post it and put it on one of your binders and one of your folders, or somewhere, I have terms, even if you put it on your Miller, Miller tab clock, I have terms. Or buy you some of those sticky letters and spell it out on there. I have terms because I feel like there will be so many new encounters and you're ready, but you gotta be mindful and not waste your time on people that waste your time. Matthias, we're not talking about the kids. We're not talking about your wife. We're talking about business. Yeah, yeah. Time is of the essence. Miller time. And then dot, dot, dot. Time is of the essence. I don't know if you put that on the wall under the clock or something, yeah, cuz these people are on your time. They're on your path that God has laid for you. And I'm It's so crazy. Matthias, this is the kind of conversation I have with my so I'm repeating what I say to Vivian, yeah, yeah, yeah, a new day. It's a new year. It's a new month. And get into the practice, and we're pressing for the new year. Don't carry yesterday until you're present. Don't do it. Yeah, killing it expired when the clock struck 12. Now, when you get up in the morning and you spend your time with God, and he's talking to you, he's, you know, he takes precedence. But if you have a question, you have a question, but it's not you dragging days upon days upon days because you don't have

Matthias Miller  17:52
to. Yeah,

Speaker 1  17:54
this new boundary is what I'm hearing brand new boundaries. Matthias, everything. Yeah, your first 30 days of the month setting new boundaries,

Matthias Miller  18:09
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  18:18
how's your man? It

Matthias Miller  18:20
keeps getting better,

Unknown Speaker  18:22
yeah, yeah. Rest is really healthy,

Matthias Miller  18:25
yeah, every time I sleep, it feels better,

Speaker 1  18:28
see, because it heals. The body heals itself, yeah, just for you and don't, don't compromise that healing either. Yeah, give it time you got, you know, you got time. This is a good season. This is, I just it's so much sunshine shining, no matter how the winter brings an overcast. You know, the winter the the snow clouds. It's a great time to be alive Matthias, because so many didn't make it so many, old, young. I I'm so determined to go into the year with thankful with a thankful heart like, oh god, you're so merciful. And all we have to think about Matthias is what didn't happen? Yeah, you didn't make funeral arrangements for anybody. You see what I'm saying that right is just God, you're batting 1000 because there's so many people going through so much hurt and grief and sudden trauma. Matthias, imagine being a physician taking care of Culver patients, and you end up being in your fort. Yeah, that's crazy. That is crazy. You never drained in a million years. That's how your your your profession or your career, would end in death, early death. You. Premature death. That's crazy. Yeah, it is. So I'm clearing my table, sir, I'm not carrying not an ounce of 2021, 2020, baggage with me. All that baggage is lost. I don't know where it is now you lose your luggage, and you'll know when you're gonna get

Matthias Miller  20:26
it back. Yep, airline loses it. They do a good job

Speaker 1  20:30
of it. They do a great job. And then when you get it, it's like, wait a minute, somebody's been in my luggage. Yeah, where's my this my dad and the other yeah and so yes, sir, we go in with a grateful heart that we, God allowed us to have 2021 I told this woman yesterday I was paying a bill, and she was like, I said, and she said, I said, oh my goodness, you know, 2021, is two days from now. Whatever she goes, Oh, my God, but I don't know what it's going to bring. I said, Well, I tell you this, whatever it brings, God is with us. We're not in it alone. And I guarantee you, it's a brand new year, and that's how I'm treating it. And she just started listening Matthias and I just, you know, encouraged her. I said, I said, it's just like every day we don't wake up time out. Oh, my God that no, thank you, Lord, yeah, because whatever it was, you got it, whatever happened, that's how we cast our cares, we get them off of us quickly, quickly, go ahead, I'm listening.

Matthias Miller  21:50
I've got a question with all of this. This is just a question that's burning and so maybe I don't know how to tie these pieces together, but

Matthias Miller  22:01
I still feel like I'm stuck in that in between dark space, and I want to be sure I'm walking in the right place and I'm not seeing the fruit of it, and honestly, I don't know if I can face another like we have to wait for checks in the mail To make this thing work, kind

Unknown Speaker  22:20
of moment, okay?

Matthias Miller  22:24
And so I know God has an answer. And like, yeah. And like, some of this stuff, of like, pursuing these things, I feel like I don't know what, how

Speaker 1  22:41
do you finish it? Finish it. You feel like, what finish it?

Matthias Miller  22:46
I feel like, like, honestly, I feel like an idiot. Like, like, why can't I be like everybody else and like, just, well, first of all, why can't I just be like everybody else and just do the things that work and like, this is one of the big differences between Craig and I, which is like, he's just, like, we just think so differently, which is fine, but like, but then it's the question of, like, what should I be doing? Like, like, should I keep going down this path of like, like, in some ways I'm like, well, we should build out the software, but in other ways, I'm like, I want to test some coaching offers and like, and I need, I need an offer that works and converts okay. And

Speaker 1  23:34
so when you say test coaching offers, speak more about that. I It

Matthias Miller  23:43
seems like, rather than, you know, rather than than the value prop being like, Let's build software for you. Like, let's start smaller and like his mining, he has some great, some great ways of describing it. I'm just not sure what the value prop is. He said he sees me as a kind of person that orbits around an organization, not really inside, but around Okay, and, like, sticks my head in different places and and, you know, finds problems and fixes them and helps. Yeah, I'm like, Yeah, that's exactly what I would love to do, but I don't know how you package that and put it in a bottle and sell it to somebody,

Speaker 1  24:21
right? So my question is, Matthias, is it asking too much? Because the way he described that was excellent. Is it asking too much to tailor, I would say a narrative for yourself around what he just said. Like, what does that look like on paper? That's what I'm saying. Because here's the thing, dear, a thought, it takes a process now. Matthias, I'm better at thoughts when I write them down. No way can I keep them in my head and. Once I write them, they come to life, just like you did. All those the declarations. Every time you put your your hands, your pen to paper, something extraordinary happens. And so you're, you're, I'll say this, you've got to write what's in your head and the heart Matthias, and it'll bring you great relief. I do not and I can never remember a time that I had walked around with ideas in my head. Soon as I get one, I go to paper quickly. Otherwise it's gone. Yeah, and then I'm frustrated. I'm like, God, what was that you showed me? And I've learned that about myself, that when he starts downloading, I grab paper quickly. Now I'm not sure I don't want to text it in my phone, but I have in my notes. I don't want to get on a laptop. That's not me. I'm the pen and paper lady. And so once I started writing, I'm shocked at what he's downloading in me. And you've got to position yourself in that way where, yeah, this might this. Remember I told you, I said Matthias, this experiment that you're doing with the gold coins is, am I saying it right? Yeah, yeah. You gotta write it down, because here's what we think Matthias. Let me tell you something. I've discovered that what I think is an ounce of business is probably a billion dollars worth business, because my measurement and God's measurement are just processed. They're not and so I take to heart when he gives me some I'm grabbing paper, because it's just like a kid where the dad says, Get in the car, getting ready go for a drive. Boy, are they grabbing that jacket, grabbing their coat, or, if it's winter, grabbing their boots. They don't care where they're going. They just get their stuff, and they're in that car before you get in the car. That's the kind of excitement I have when God began to speak to me. I don't get in the way of, I don't know this. I don't know that, or again, or no, what? He will give me one word, Matthias, and I know what that means. Exhausted this. I'll go look at the synonyms, the antonyms, because I know he's trying to talk to me, yeah, but I don't, I don't take for granted anything he tell me because, believe you me, it's got a purpose, and it fits somewhere, and he's going to show me where it says. So what I want to encourage you with, when God initiates something Matthias, he got to finish it. He's not he's not expecting you to execute it or finish it without him. Yeah, you're not in this alone. And I'll say this every time you have a conversation with somebody, I don't care who it is, if it's your wife, your kids, your cousin, your your con your comrades, your colleagues, sir, go to God about that conversation. If something challenges you in it, do you understand what I'm saying? What am I saying?

Matthias Miller  28:34
I mean, I think I

Matthias Miller  28:43
with this particular situation, it's almost like,

Matthias Miller  28:58
well, it's, I mean, it's like, I'm expecting to hear God through our conversations, and I'm not completely sure that I am

Speaker 1  29:06
through your conversation with your cousin, with my cousin. Okay, well, guess what? You might not be hearing God. That's something to pray about, sir. Like I'll give you I have. It's all kinds of people in my life, Matthias, and even with this individual that I'll be talking with at 630 and I promise you, after I gave valor to his mom, I said, Lord, I really, I was very honest. I don't want to have a conversation with this lady. Yeah, what he said to me? He says, Here, what if she's about to kill herself? And then, you know what I said to God, then you need to save her. Crazy Matthias. She's not putting nothing on me. I'm serious. I'm quick as a draw. I said, mm. Me. I said, God only because she frustrates everybody that talks to her and she doesn't know she is the problem. I had this conversation with God, and he said, Okay, you know, like he let me get it out. I said, Lord, nobody likes this lady, and I don't she lives in California. Hear me? I don't follow. I don't even know her, but I know her. You see what I'm saying? Matthias, yeah, you're not my buddy, not my pal, but you are the type nobody can live with, and there is a reason you Yep, and guess what, if you want, if you want to contract to talk to me, it will be in March. I am not joking, but guys, because I don't want to make it, because I need, I need to experience the new year without your foolishness.

Matthias Miller  31:04
Yep, cool. Am I gonna drop off? I'm sorry, go ahead,

Speaker 1  31:09
no, but good cousin on the back burner. But you better pray, because God's gonna reveal exactly what it is. Yeah, blessing, yep. Happy New Year. We'll talk Yes, yes and yes. It's not tomorrow. Okay. Sounds good. Okay, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai