Speaker 1  00:00
And he just recently put me on a honeymoon with him, you guys, where he said, live, you know. And he said, think about a honeymoon. I was like, okay, and, you know, I brought an immediate smile to my face, because honeymoons are the best, right? And it just shift my my paradigm, like, Okay, God, I I have to have a different perspective. And so I'm doing phone prayer lines, and I'm reconnecting and disconnecting, if that makes sense. You guys were there. There are things I know I have to disconnect and and it's been a gentle human disconnect and, and one where it's not a permanent disconnection for it, but it's a seasonal disconnect, where in this time, in this Season, I've got ABCDE that Father God is saying, focus on this fear. So think about it. What happens to the children? Both of you, when you're on a honeymoon, what do you do with the children?

Unknown Speaker  01:15
Send them. Send them out somewhere else, that's for sure.

Speaker 1  01:19
You send them on their way, right? And so the the beautiful thought that Holy Spirit gave me was VIV Come away with me, my beloved. And I said, But I'm watching my three year old great nephew, Mr. Rambuncas himself, and I'm the I'm the I'm the aunt. That's most if you could use it in these terms transferable. I don't have children of mine, so I'm the one that if I get the phone call, Hey, what are you doing in the next you know, I'm that instant on the spot. And so it's been a way of life for me. And it was beautiful when he asked me to come away. And what I said to him was, what do you want me to do with valor? And he says, When valor is resting, you come away. And so I had to discipline myself, you guys. And this honeymoon has been going on all of seven days tomorrow, it's fresh and new, and it's been a joy and a delight, because my ears were in tune. Do you talk during the honeymoon? Right? It's more about intimacy, and only God knows what that is with any of us. And no two experiences are the same. And so this was something I believe he handcrafted and designed for me. It was about Vivian, just like on your honeymoon, who's your favorite girl, Matthias, right there? Yours truly, exactly, and so what it means is deliberately and intentionally isolating when you get those opportunities and no moments. So no when you have children, there is no perpetual honeymoon, because you have to go back home, right? You have to go. They're permanent, you guys, they don't go away. However, God carved out time for me, and he showed me, and he instructed me, and shared with me what those times would be. And so I was on board. I was like, Okay, God, this is your idea, and you're going to lead me and guide me. And you guys, it has been amazing. One thing I can share with you, it, it. It opened me and freed me to to his availability. So it didn't mean my feet were up and I had a lemonade with the umbrella and the glass. No, it wasn't that. It was I was accessible enough where if the phone rang, I'd look at him. He said answer that, and it was an emergency on the other line. However, I was sober minded. I wasn't stressed. I wasn't anxious, I wasn't overwhelmed. And so I'll share this with you guys. A honeymoon resets. You put you on reset. And sometimes we need, we need reset throughout the day, like, wait a minute, this is a little bit busy here, and I, I I need to breathe. I need to Okay, don't knock on the door. Don't follow me. Okay, go to your room. You go to your room and you go. I used to run a group home for boys ages seven to 18, and I did it for four years. And the power. Manipulation of my home was eight boys at all times, everybody say miraculous. It was the grace of God. And the first year I did it, I cried every day because I was lost. These children were wards of the state, and they all had different experiences, and they all had different ways of life and approaching life and understanding life, and developmentally, they were all different. And I told, God, you don't love me because you you put me in this situation. Have you felt like that? Like I didn't love you? This doesn't look like love. God doesn't feel like love. And that was my experience for a year. However, he was shaping me, molding me, developing me, designing me for the perfect mom, for all, all eight, only God. Only God could do that. I couldn't do it in my own strength. I couldn't do it in my own wisdom. I didn't have the experience, you guys, I was in my 30s. I did not have the experience, but it was the call of God, it was the plan of God, it was the will of God, and it was the worst chaos of my life. And I began to be myself with these, these young people. And I, I lost, you know, I was perfectly trained by Boys Town. And you know, you got all these techniques. And, you know, this is how you communicate. And I just threw it out the window. I said, this is not working. And I just reached down and said, Lord, you have to help me, because this is not working, and I'm really angry and I'm frustrated, you guys, I was honest. God, this is not working. And when I would, when I came clean, when I became transparent, when I cried, every day I had to sometimes run in our residence and cry and wipe my eyes and get my face together and come out with a smile. Say, Hey, how's everybody? You know, this whole facade thing, you guys, it's real. And God, he delivered. However, the process was real. You guys are in transition. The process is real. It's real, and you have real feelings, and you have a real life, and you have a real heart and you have a real mind. Yeah, it's real, it's real, it's real. And he, oh, my God. You talk about the grace, you guys, the grace of God. Because what, what I what I understood on the other side of it was this. This is what I understood. This really is the will of God for me, and it doesn't feel good, and I don't like it. 24/7 365, and, and, and I'm ashamed of myself because I don't really want to be here. And, yeah, I went through all of that. And God and His faithfulness never left me. In all my honesty, he never left me, and he never abandoned me, and he never, he never condemned me for feeling what I was feeling, and I realized that it was a work he was doing in me that could not happen without those beautiful little individuals being in my life. And I'm on the other side of that, talking to your beautiful family, encouraging you guys, that was the early 90s. That was 80 Yeah, that was, you guys, I'll be 60 in December. So, so this, this was we got out of the military in 1919, 86 so I was there. You guys, from 87 to 91 wet behind the ears, fresh out of a world that was nothing like where I was. You guys, foreign, foreign I came from structure, order, yes, sir, yes, ma'am, no, sir, no, ma'am, you know your job, and I know mine. You do your job. You guys to throw me in that pit of humanity. It was crazy. But in those two. Tears. He didn't take his hands off me, guys. So listen, tears are a part of the process. They're real. Yeah, yeah, they're real. And I'm on the other side, and now I can speak to anybody concerning children. I can speak and be an advocate for kids and develop and educate parents on it's okay, it's normal. Let them run around and scream, okay. It's okay. It's okay. He don't have to eat. When he gets hungry, he'll come to the table. Oh yeah, okay. You want to be up all night, you're turning those lights out at this time the lights go out in the house, you're going to your room. And if you want to stay up in the dark till tomorrow morning, it's okay.

Speaker 1  10:57
And I'm telling you guys, God did a work. He did a work in me that nothing else could do. And so you're being prepared. You're being prepared. And this is the process, and it doesn't always feel good, and it doesn't always look good, and it doesn't always sound good. We had something called Five second rule, you guys. And the five second rule was when they decided they were going to rip my house to shreds that all the other young men had to go to their rooms. And so when somebody would just jump up and start swearing at me and and wanting to pick up some and throw it at me, I would say five second rule, and then the others would have to go to their room, and then the five second rule. The rationale behind it was, give me five seconds, which sometimes would last five hours, but at least we're hoping in five seconds we can manage this. This this concern. Oftentimes, those boys would be in their rooms, taking their showers, getting ready for bed, because this one was relentless. I'm not doing it. I don't like you. I don't like anybody. You guys. I've had one of my children to set our house on fire. I it, yeah, yeah. So between running for my life and being still and knowing that God is God, I was being developed. So I want you to know you're in the hands of God, and he's not going to leave you. He's not going to forsake you. Let me give you a secret if you're alive on April, I mean, may the 13th, 2020, he's got a plan. Oh yeah, he has a plan, and it's in full motion, you guys, with your understanding or without, that's that's the God we serve. He's that powerful and beautiful and marvelous and amazing and and nurturing and comforting and powerful all at once. You guys, he is that, and we're we're isolating you guys this. When he told me about the isolation, he says, you know how you tell the kids go to your room. He's telling everybody, go to your room, and we're all in our rooms. And he's saying, don't come out to like and you know, I mean, you have those chatty children that keep mumbling and groaning, and, you know, talking under their breath. He says, Put a muzzle on it. So we all got muzzles on, you know, that's what. And I remember from a family of nine where, you know, my mom would say, Who is that talking? And we start giggling and laughing, and we're not telling, you know what she say? All of you close your mouth and, you know what? If she had masks, we would all be masked. Okay, I don't want to, you know, and that's it. That's how, God, he brought that revelation to me like VIV I told everybody, go to their rooms, or you gotta rambunctious neighbor, go home. Just get your things and go to your house. What are your What are your thoughts about that? Um,

Speaker 2  14:47
yeah. I mean, I don't know that I have a lot of thoughts, thoughts on that. I'll stop my head. But yeah,

Speaker 1  14:54
yeah, and, and nobody's able to go outside unless they're getting essentials. You. Eyes, you know. Mom, I gotta go to the bathroom. Mom, you know, kids find reasons when you send them to their room. My toe, I hurt my toe. I hurt my nose. My elbows bleeding. It's like, what? How did you hurt your nose? How did you, you know, and this is literally how I'm taking this like, Okay, God, you send everybody to their rooms. Obviously, you have something to say. You have something to show because you don't the kids in their room forever. They do have to do their necessities and but I need you to understand something. I need you to to to see something. I need you to change your mind about something. I need you to undo something. I need you to restart the day. Little One this. We're not going to have this kind of day today, and I believe God is saying we're not going to have this kind of world. We're not going to have this kind of humanity that doesn't care about you each other. I'll share something with you guys. Before the pandemic, I started a broadcast, and I did it against my will. Have you guys ever done anything against your will, for sure? So it was totally against my will, my plan, and I was planning, my plan was to ignore the invite. I was like, No, I don't have the time. I don't want to do that. It takes planning. No, no, no, and as I'm saying, the Holy Spirit says, respond. Have you ever experienced that you want to ignore it, and Holy Ghost is nudging you, kind of pushing you in there, saying, respond. I said, Oh brother. So I said, What am I going to say? Just respond. I go into my messenger, I open it up. And my response was, the invite was, Viv when are you going to start your broadcast? And that was the invite. And my response was, I'm talking Holy Spirit. I was like, No, I'm not ready to do that. Blah, blah, blah. And Holy Spirit says in my ear next week, and I go, No. So of course, thank God for technology. I'm arguing with Holy Spirit. No, this is not the time I'm not ready. I don't want to do and as I'm whining, I heard in my ear next week, Vivian. And so my response was, next week. This was March, February. I think it was February. And then I thought, Oh my God, I need to get in touch with the person that he would always have conversation with me about this. When you do a broadcast, this will be your co host. This is the person. She has a PhD in human behavior. Amazing young woman, amazing. I have to introduce you guys. I have to because her specialty is traumatized children, traumatized African American children. Yes, this is why we're having this phone call. We didn't know why. Now I get it. Yeah, that's the faithfulness of God. So, you know, I thought about it and I said, God, I can't respond unless I check in. Her name is Zoe Zoe squire, I said, Unless I check in with Zoe, because I don't want to put myself. You know, how we are, we're gonna we're gonna prepare. But, you know, we dot our i's and cross our T's all the time, right? We're always ready, right? So I'm telling, God, you need to hold off. I need to have a conversation with Zoe. I called Zoe that morning. Zoe never picks up because Zoe is always busy or resting or whatever she's doing. She picks up you guys, and she said, Yes, I'd love to be a girl. I go, No, you're not supposed to. If I don't answer the phone, don't pick up. Please, please let it go to voicemail. She picks up. She goes, Viv, I would be delighted. Oh, so he's delighted. God says, You need to say, next week. I responded, next week. Okay, we start the broadcast, you guys. God gives us our topics. We're on the money. We got our guests lined up. We're excited. But. Timing turns out to be the perfect timing you guys. One day, I was driving to the studio, and this is really going to bless you guys and and I'll tell you why I'm sharing this story. I'm driving to the studio. I live on the west side of Chicago. I had to drive to the south side. I'm on the interstate. I'm heading to the south side this particular week, we did our show once a week, and Holy Spirit says, Viv I need you to pray for your brothers and sisters in Asia and Italy. At that time, I saw people dying in the streets in Asia, and it frightened me. And I said, Lord, what is that? What's going on? And from there, we get all the details on Italy, you guys, concerning this pandemic. And I go, Oh, my God, this is not good. So I see these pictures, and that's all it was. It was just a by the way, this isn't good. My focus is the broadcast. My focus is the assignment I've been given by God. And before I get to the studio, he says, How dare you visit me? And I said, What? And he said, Why aren't you interceding for your brothers and sisters in Asia and Italy? And I was like, okay, so I, you know, I went, I prayed in the Holy Spirit. Like, okay, God. I mean, you know, I understand it on your heart, heart. So I go into tongues. I pray in the Holy Ghost, and, okay, God, I took care of that piece of business. Now I need to be focused for this broadcast. You guys. I get in the studio and my heart is just broken. So I get there and I said, Zoe, I don't know what's wrong. I said, I just feel horrible. And she goes, Well, Viv, what is it? And I said, Well, I was interceding for Asia, and I was interceding for Italy. And I said, now all of a sudden, I just have this crazy bird, you know? She says me, you need to get yourself together. We go on the air. Viv, in three minutes, I go, but I don't know, I said, because I'm just broke, and I was broken, you guys not understanding the weight. And I said, Zo I can't help myself. I'm really feeling bad. She's like, well, Viv, you need to get yourself and I said, Okay, Zoe, you open up the broadcast, and Holy Spirit says, Oh no, when you open up the broadcast. You're going to talk about the burden of what's going on with your brothers and sisters in Asia and Italy. And I was like, you know, hey, that's not in the plan, right? How dare you, God, interrupt my perfect broadcast. Okay, that you told me to get on. You guys, we open up and I cry out for Asia and Italy because the father was saying, ma'am, it's about to knock on your front door. You need to be concerned about your brothers and sisters in Asia. And I you guys, I just cried out. And I said, Listen. I said, we have brothers and sisters in Asia and Italy, and we need to cry out for for them. And there was this urgency, you guys, and I was just broken. And here we are. Here we are. And guess what? Our brothers and sisters in Asia are crying out for us. Our brothers and sisters in Italy are crying out for us. There's a scripture where Paul talks about, I have to encourage you, because who's going to be the one to encourage me when I need if I don't keep you up, if I don't develop you, if I don't teach you, if I don't love you, if I don't forgive you, who is going you guys? That took me to another place, and I was like, God, I have to listen when I don't understand. I have to pay attention, because he was preparing me VIV it's on his way to your shores. You're next.

Speaker 1  24:42
That's the sensitivity on the two of you. That's the sensitivity you're developing in your children. That's the sensitivity you're developing in your sphere of influence. Hear me, people respect you guys. They love you and they honor you, and when you're in the middle of what you do and God taps you on your shoulders, and I'm not rebuking you, I'm encouraging you respond as is. I didn't know anything about this city. Had never heard that city before in my life, the name of that city, but they needed our prayers, you guys, like never before and this test of this pandemic, God is allowing it, you guys. He's allowing it. He's allowing it. And so what do we get out of it? What are we going to get out of it? And we're not going to miss what he's trying to give us. He He's given me a honeymoon out of it. He's given me a face to face with you, Ma, I got to meet your son. He got to meet me. You guys were one, and that's what God was showing me. He was showing me that he's like, this is your family over there. This is your family in Asia. This is your family in Italy, Vivian, this is your family. Your family is my family. That's what this is about. There's no you, there's no me, there's us, and whatever I need to do to keep you guys standing flat footed, doing what you're supposed to, I gotta do it, even if it means me chasing my little one. You'll say, hold on you guys. Let me get this. Let me get Okay. I'll be right back. You know, because it's life, it's real, it's who we are, and we don't apologize, you guys. Oh, no, no one apologies for who you are. No one, no one. I don't care how big, bad or ugly they are, no one. This is the will of God concerning you guys. You don't have to wonder. Stop wondering. Stop wondering, and say, Okay, God, if this what you want me to do, I'm doing it. If this is what you desire me to do. Listen when, when you tell the kids stuff. They're the best analogies in the world. I'm telling you when you tell your kids something, they don't chase you around the house of my Mommy, are you sure? Mommy? No, they just say, Okay, mommy, because you have a relationship with them and they trust you, and they do it developmentally the best they can. And you don't expect perfection, do you? Because that that's a man, right? And so stop expecting perfection in yourselves. It doesn't. It doesn't exist. Now the perfect one, Christ and Him crucified. He's in there, but he's doing some work so he can show himself through me. Okay, he's in there doing what he does best, but it's not our responsibility. I apologize for that, you guys. It was a phone call. It's not our responsibility to be perfect. That's God's responsibility. Your responsibility is to be who you are and to do life the way you feel on the inside. Okay, I know neither one of you are blind, crippled or crazy. Okay? You're good people, you've got great judgment and discernment and great hearts, so you're not expected to be anybody but who God has ordained you to be, that's the only requirement. That's the only requirement. There's no other expectations, you guys, there's a whole bunch of false expectations running around here. And I wish I could do an illustration, if you can see my fingers, these little false expectations just running around trying to find somebody to stick themselves. Get out of here. We don't want you. No, no, you slay. You have God's permission to slay every false expectation, and you're going to start with each other, because we are groomed to have and we're groomed to program and have false expectations. I don't live up. Is not one of them, because I've had 60 years on how not to and you're in the process of learning as well, how not to have false expectations for one another, or your children, or your children's children to the 1,000th generation. You are to do that. You are to discern who it is standing in front of you. You are to discern one another when you're tired, when you just don't want to do it today, and you don't have to. I am in my room hiding. I'm in I'm at my sister's house, you guys. And I gotta hide in places. And when I want to hide, listen, I got crates I could put up against. I'm telling you, I know. You gotta learn how to hide. You gotta say, Okay, you're hiding for two hours, and then when you're done, I'm hiding for two hours. Okay, learn how to hide and learn how to tag team. Okay, look at your calendar. What day are you picking? One day a month is your full day. Matthias. One day a month is my sister's full day where she's hiding, and nobody knows where she is but you and the Holy Ghost. And even if it means you're hiding, just because you want to hide, you don't have to do anything. Just hide because I just want to hide. Yeah, take the pressure. I'm like, I'm telling you. And then you know what they'll say to me when that when my door is closed, Auntie, are you hiding? And I'll go, Yes, I'm hiding. And they said, we can't see you. And I said, I can't see you either. And I just played a little game with them, but I'm putting more crates on the door. I'm trying to I'm trying to barricade myself because I'm like, Oh my God, they're gonna try to get in there. That's how you have to be. Just be so deliberate and intentional. Like, okay, you know, you got your favorite kids, and your kids got their favorite parents, and they're gonna say, where is Mommy? Where's mommy? I don't know. We gotta find them and then make sure you're hiding somewhere where they can't find you. And just say, mommy's playing game with us. We don't know where mom and they said, What? And then just kind of, where am I? Where do you think mommy is hiding? I don't know. Let's go to the garage. I don't know. Is she in the back and just wear them out. We're trying to find mommy. They're not gonna get tired like mommy. Where are you? And say, well, let's pray maybe Holy Ghost knows women just wear them out and make the game last all day until they get tired of looking for you know, you gotta learn how to wear them out. Yeah, yeah. I got 100 rabbits in my house, in my sleeves, you guys, I got 100 rabbits in my head. Well, I could just say, Listen, this is how you do that. Okay, I'm telling you, you guys, have fun. Have fun and make each other laugh and make each other cry too. You know, if you feeling weepy, just tell tell each other you'll sad, sad love song. You know, hey, won't you play another sad love song? You know, if you in a sad place, just play love songs all day, sad ones, and somebody's gonna say, Oh, my God, you're in one of those moves. But have fun. Have fun. It's not that serious, you guys. God has sent everybody to their roles,

Speaker 1  33:51
and he's got a plan when we come out, but we gotta have ears. Gotta have ears to hear, and we got to pay attention when he's talking, you guys, he talked to me first thing in the morning. You know how when you got cat butter in your eyes and you don't know what your hair is looking like and and I go to the restroom, and he's like, damn, oh my god, please, please, let me brush my teeth first. Let me, you know, because he's so excited to be with us, to talk to us, to show us things that we don't know. And he's, he's talking a mile a minute, you guys. And I have to get I take my phone to the bathroom. I go, Oh my God. Who is this for? He goes, this is from Matthias. Oh, okay, okay. Let me find Matthias in my phone. Everybody, you guys, I have everybody by name in my phone, in my notes, because I don't know when God is going to say and it's always Okay, Lord, where's my phone? I don't know where my phone well, they'll just listen for a minute. You're going to remember. Number, and then I have to find paper. I have to find enough, you guys, this is life we got to live with who we are, because who we are goes, everywhere we go, no apologies, no apologies, no apologies. You owe no one an explanation. I'm calling you no apologies. Okay? Educate people. People need to be educated. Educated. You guys. My life is a life of teaching moments. I have no problems at 60, I have no problems. This is a teaching moment. Let me give you some insight. Let me share something with you. Let me discern why you respond the way that you do. Let me discern why you're angry. Let me discern that's my life. It's a teachable moment. Teach with rationales. We do this because of this. We don't do this because of this. Every moment, if they I have, I have a nephew. He is determined to wear his shoes on the wrong feet. And you know what? I too. I let him. He goes. And I said, Well, what's the problem? He goes and he sees pointing, you know? And I said, Okay, well, maybe we need to put him on the right foot. We what he says when he brings his shoes, put them on the right foot. Okay? Because I'm teaching them, if we don't put them on the right feet, they're gonna hurt. So I'm telling you some you have to let jump off the cliff. Okay? And if they, if they get up with their body parts still connected, use it as a teachable moment. Say, Okay, what is it? Is your elbow? Well, what? How many times did I ask you not to jump off the third stair? Oh, and so, what did you hurt? I hurt my mama. I hurt my knee. I hurt my nose. Look, I hurt my nose. I hurt my ear. Oh, okay. So, how did you hurt your nose? I Pharaoh. How did you fall? I got on us. Oh, you got on the Oh, were you on the third stair? Didn't I ask you not to go. They got the lesson. They gotta get it, and they gotta be given the opportunity to get the lesson as many times as they need to get the lesson, because we don't get it until we get it. And all of us are different. You know what I've learned to do? What I learned to do with my eight boys, my sons and all I called them all sons. I said, Listen, go, help your brother, because I can't do it today. Go show him how to brush his teeth. I just, I just can't do it today. I really need you to go. You remember, remember how I taught Okay, I need to go. No, don't hit your brother in the head. Don't hit him with the toothbrush. No, do not put toothpaste all over him to teach him. No, I didn't put toothpaste on you to teach I didn't push you. No, you're gonna stand here. How did I teach you? Did I push you? No, you didn't push me. Now, why are you crying? You pushed him. He didn't push you. Yeah, teachable moments, and do the same thing with adults, because adults are grown. Children. Teach them until they get it family and take vacations from adult children too. Play hide and seek with them too. Okay, there are some you wish you could hide forever from, but you can't, especially if they're family, you can't. How can I help them, Lord, how can I teach them what they refuse to learn? And then oftentimes, God will say, hands off. I got them. And hands off. Is that? Hands off, heart off, mind off. Yeah, yeah. Mm. Sometimes you have to detox from people, and I detox Well, it means I don't answer your calls. It means I don't answer you when you come to my house. I'm detoxing. Yeah, guard your hearts. Guard your hearts. That's where life comes from. And we can't stop being life givers, right? We can't bail out. No, we have to live. And so every day that you guys are together live. Don't let a day go by where you're not living, and if you forget to live, because I know, with the dishes and the laundry and the cleaning and the dishes, you know how that cycle goes the dishes and the laundry and the cleaning and dishes and and then, you know, you say, what was I doing? Was I doing the dishes, or was I doing the laundry? Was I cooking? Oh my god, what? Oh my God, I didn't put dinner. Oh Lord, help me. Okay, okay, you guys, it's gonna be nuggets. It's gonna be nuggets and juice. I'm tired. We're gonna do the easy. Yeah, yeah. What am I saying to the two of you? I want to hear from both of you. What am I saying? In a nutshell,

Speaker 1  41:36
you're going first. Do not, do not look at Matthias. No, you don't, no, you No, you don't, no, you don't. You're first ladies first.

Speaker 3  41:53
I think a lot of like, what I'm hearing is like, yeah, just what you were saying about just that, like God, God in His faithfulness. And I've seen that already, like, and like, the last couple days, like, just how faithful God is and not letting us go and holding us and Yeah. And that's like, yeah. So they had once told him that tears are a whole nother language that God understands. And I'm like, yes, yes. Very much so and then like, yeah, just to keep having grace, grace for ourselves. Grace for other people. And yeah, as we keep doing life together and stuff and to have fun, that was a good reminder. That's it.

Speaker 1  42:34
That's it in a nutshell, babe. Because you know what I my sister today is her 69th birthday last year? Well, it wasn't last year. It was this year. We had the joy. No, it was last year we had the joy of celebrating. My She's the eldest girl. She just turned 69 and then the eldest son, he turned 70 last year. And I had nieces and nephews that were trying to bail out, auntie, it doesn't fit my schedule. Blah, blah, blah. Know what I said? Too bad you're going to be there. You're going to be there. You know what I said to them? What if this is their last year, you will be there. How many elders was this their last year? I didn't know anything about the coronavirus. I I wasn't I didn't see a pandemic coming, but what I knew in my heart, no every birthday we have to celebrate, and I didn't care if it was nothing but a tuna sandwich on the porch. We're going to celebrate because we don't remember the balloons or the colors of the napkins, or we don't remember all I remember is I was there and I remember my brother's smile, and I remember the goofy crown we put on his head, and I remember the pictures, and I remember how happy he was and glad to see we don't remember the Color of nothing. That's foolishness. But are you there? Were you present? Were you intentional? Yeah, with this is all we get, you guys. We don't know what else we're going to get. All we have is right now. We don't know. And so it's the urgency of living, living, living, crying, laughing, dancing, telling silly jokes, corny jokes, doing crazy stuff, doing stuff to make each other laugh and forget about Yeah, we better now. For 50 days, you guys, I don't know. I'm getting a little anxious too, you know, yeah, but we gotta make the best of it, and that's why you have your babies, because you're making the best of life for them. I don't care if everybody gets a chicken nugget and slice it into however many portions. Wasn't that the best nugget? Oh my goodness. Don't It taste like steak? Mmm. What is it? What is your nuggets? And we all know it chicken nuggets, but we're going to make believe we're having steak and potatoes. Yeah, you're developing strong individuals, you guys. We're in this for a reason. Something is happening with our character, and it's God, that's, that's all, that's all I have. I'm, I'm telling you, you guys, y'all got it. You got it. Now, keep doing it, and don't give up, and don't give in, and don't take down, and don't take anything off of anybody. You don't have to take I'm from the west side, you guys. I'm a Chicagoan. We don't take myself people, and you're not too either. And you say, don't make me call my sister VIV you don't want to deal with? Yeah, you can use me like my brothers and sisters. Do you do I need to call auntie? Oh, don't. Don't go hyperventilating. And you guys, I don't have to put my hands on but you know what I'll do? I'll talk to them and they wish they would have gotten a spanking rather than getting on. Oh my god. She's gonna make you read a scripture. She's gonna make you memorize the Scripture. She's gonna tell you 25 reasons why. Okay, Mama, what you want me to do? I'm telling you so I could be the auntie you can say, Do you know, you have an aunt in Chicago, you need to meet and then you text me like, Viv you need to meet your aunt. You need to meet your niece or your nephew. And then text me ahead of time, instruct me on what my my role is, and what I need to accomplish. You know, like, what's the end goal? What do we need to get out of this little meeting here? But I'm telling you guys, it works every time, because we are a village. We can do this. We can do this. We gotta do it because somebody did it for you.

Unknown Speaker  48:01
You're doing it because somebody did it for you. And how did you turn out? Did you turn out? Okay,

Unknown Speaker  48:10
okay, you know? Like,

Speaker 1  48:16
it worked, yeah, yeah, it worked. All those little I spies that was in my community, like, what are you doing and where are you going? And who is that? Oh, yeah, it worked, you guys. I'm a witness, and I encourage both of you, when you get tired tag team that can't do it today, you don't have to give a reason. You just don't, you don't want to do it. Go somewhere and hide and talk about where your hiding place is. And, you know, some, some of our us, we're insane. Sometimes I would hide with one of the children because it was like, Okay, this is my buddy. I'm taking my buddy with me, because the rest of you all I'm done. I can't do it today. Take your buddy. Have a buddy day. Hey, you're my buddy. Come on, buddy. What are we doing today? And let them call it and let it be whatever they want it to be if they want to go look at turtles in the pond. Oh, my God, I hate mosquitoes. Oh, is some gonna bite me while I'm out there? Then you figure it out. Get to the pond. We're gonna do turtles, because that's all they need, is you a whole lot of this stuff that we're trying to give for them. They don't remember. It's you and it's time with you. Okay, so I need you to be present. I need you to hide two things. I want you to walk away with hiding and being present. And you. It to decide, okay,

Unknown Speaker  50:08
anything you want to leave me with

Speaker 2  50:17
to get the kids up. I don't, I don't really. I can't think of anything. Okay,

Speaker 1  50:23
I'm just a text away. You guys aren't there.

Speaker 3  50:30
Okay, thank you so much because you can talk to us today. This is wonderful.

Speaker 1  50:35
You are welcome, dear, and I love you, and I'm rooting for you, and I'm on your team. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  50:43
thank you. I did. I remember that. Thank you very much. Blessing.

Unknown Speaker  50:52
You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai