Speaker 1  00:00
Yes, sir, if you're available, and if you need to,

Matthias Miller  00:05
yeah, I'm certainly time blocked out.

Unknown Speaker  00:09
Okay, so we can definitely chat live. Yep, we're live. We're recording.

Speaker 1  00:20
Okay, okay, good, good, good, good. So what's going on? What's the update?

Matthias Miller  00:27
Okay, well, here's the update. Since I'm so good at sitting around and doing nothing,

Unknown Speaker  00:35
I loved it.

Matthias Miller  00:40
I have a call scheduled this afternoon with Tim's friend, and this morning I was on a call with a group of people in the mastermind group that I'm part of, and we got started talking about mindset, and they opened it up and, like asked, Well, is there, you know, about two thirds of the way through the call, anybody else have any questions? I was like, well, I'll jump in. And brought up this mastermind idea. And basically my question was to them, was, first of all, is this just a shiny object? And the the answer came back. It was mostly one guy in the group. The answer came back, looks like you it sounds like you need a cash injection. So it doesn't sound like it is, or he was. He didn't say that. He said. He said, No, it's not a shiny object. You need to do it. Okay. Well, that's kind of what I knew. But here we go. And then the next step was, next question was kind of like, it's kind of around getting the whole thing of me getting in my own way with it. One of the things he said, which is probably stuff that you've been trying to tell me all along, is, he said, the reason why you're drawn to it is because, in your heart, you know that you belong with this group of people, and so you're either in their league or you're supposed to be in their league. I was like, Dude, you nailed it. That's right. I know that. But he said, and, and you and you know that, but the reason you can't figure out the program is because you're trying to get the value up of the program, because you don't believe in yourself. I was like, oh boy, oh my god. And then we got started talking, and then I was like, I realized, I was like, yeah, the big block. I know cognitively. I mean, you know how marketers are, but I've, I've shared the stage with one of the world's most expensive business consultants, and have trained under him for the last seven years. I have a business partnership with Richard Koch, Best Selling Author, you know, author of 8020 principle, which is sold over a million copies. Yeah, plus, plus, plus, I'm like, plus, I've been playing at a high level the past number of months, and I've got people like Vivian in my back pocket, and I've got, like, all of these things going for me, and yet, here I am, like, what do I have? And one of the things that I realized is that in that conversation that I had anchored my value to my experience, my past experience, or my accomplishments, and not my identity and not who I was. Yeah, and like, when that shift happened, like I felt the I just want to get up out of my chair. And then right after that call, I picked up the phone, called up one of my contacts. Hadn't talked in like, three years. He talked to reached out to us about a software project, called him up. I was like, Hey, do you have four to six minutes to talk? He was like, Yep, it's like, well, here's what I'm looking to do. I mean, here's how we know each other, here's what I'm looking to do. I'm looking to put together a peer group, CEO, peer group of eight figure business owners, and wondering if you'd like to chat about that sometime. He's like, Yeah, you've got my interest. So we got a call scheduled on Monday to talk about that, and I went from knowing that I should this is just, it's almost painful to say, but it's almost it's almost good to say, but knowing I should charge 30k for this thing and, and like, wondering, like, what I need to add to make it worth that, or what do I need to take away to or what do I need to lower the price for it to be okay, and, like, to being okay, like, I really feel that's the number that I'm supposed to be talking about with these guys, from

Speaker 1  04:42
that you don't move from that, you don't. I don't care if it feels like your head is being cut off. Yeah, how painful is growth? Matthias, well,

Matthias Miller  04:56
the way this week has been, it's, it's it's excruciating. It really is. Is,

Unknown Speaker  05:00
yeah, like, this is the first

Matthias Miller  05:03
day that I was lying in bed this morning, and I was like, God, what am I supposed to be doing? And I I, I know you're supposed to, I know all the shoulds of how you're supposed to start your

Speaker 1  05:16
day, but Matthias, oh, Don put me on pause. Put me on pause. Put me on pause. Yeah, Oh, totally, Totally, Applause.

Speaker 1  08:48
I apologize for that. That was Sally's grandmother, and she was in a store trying to get him some things for Christmas. So I just told her. I said, Listen, we got to talk later, because he's such a different boy. Now, you know, he's older, yeah, he's more adventurous and so, and by December, he's going to think he's an old man. So, yeah, he's not a baby. He does. He's getting older and older. That's her babies and uncle. And so I'm seeing that maturation in him, and I'm thinking, okay, valer, how do you think you are? But I'm not going to argue with him. But anyway, the test is awesome.

Matthias Miller  09:31
Matthias, keep talking, so then I know, sorry first, when I think about Valerie, one of the things we got for kids a long time ago was a little rebounder, like one of those little indoor trampolines. Yeah, great way to burn off energy for little kids.

Speaker 1  09:45
Okay, and what? So it's called a rebounder.

Matthias Miller  09:49
It's called a rebounder. It's like a, it's like a three foot, three foot across trampoline. Okay, so I don't know if, I don't know if you'd get a kick out of that or not. But, and. Yeah,

Speaker 1  10:02
he's in my bed jumping every day.

Matthias Miller  10:07
He can jump off, jump, jump on, do flips. I mean, he can't do flips on it, but he can do flips off of it. Or, I don't know what he what he'd come up with. I'm sure he'd come up

Speaker 1  10:15
with stuff. Oh yeah, because it's like, Okay, I just sent him in a room and all the pillows on the floor and everything's over, because that's his trampoline. That's awesome. Okay, I'm gonna text her while we're talking. All right, sounds good? He is thank you. Yeah, you're welcome.

Matthias Miller  10:35
So So with that, sorry. This is another, just fun little testimony. I found this Christmas album by Linda Randall. I don't know if you you listened to her or not, but introduced my wife to it. I was listening to it. I was like, this sounds like something my sister would enjoy. So it was like, How do you like your music? She's like, Oh, anyway, so I ended up sending her a CD. She She messaged me back, and she was like, I don't usually like Christmas music and like, it's hard to find things that I like, but I love this thing. This is

Unknown Speaker  11:09
amazing. I'm like, Oh, wow.

Unknown Speaker  11:13
Thank you, Holy Spirit. Yeah.

Speaker 1  11:16
But you hear him, you hear him? Science, I that's

Matthias Miller  11:22
what I need to keep remembering,

Speaker 1  11:25
yeah, and guess what? Embrace it, own it, because that's why you're in this generation building, sir, yeah, because it's in you that and continue to agree with it,

Matthias Miller  11:41
yeah, yeah, yeah. Cool. So I woke up this morning. I know all the shoulds of, like, how you're supposed to start your day. I woke up this morning just thinking about it, and, like, had some challenging priority, priority, and all those types of things going on. And just what was in my heart to do is go to a Starbucks and start working on project two that we were talking about yesterday. Okay, just to, just to get some momentum going on that and get that wrapped up so that we can free up some cash and get some be able to bill out part one for that and get some cash flowing. And so I did that this morning, and had a super productive time. And in that, I realized that another cool thing in that the guy was the guy was working with, we were looking at a time on my calendar for him and I to meet. And he was like, boy, your calendar is full. I was like, Yeah, I calendar everything, yeah, which is great. And then he's like, by the way, what's Renaissance time? I'm like, Dude, that's a good question. What's your address? I'm gonna send you a book, and then let's chat. So I'm, I'm sending him Perry's declutter, dominate, whatever it is, book, yeah. So anyway,

Unknown Speaker  13:13
open, didn't it?

Matthias Miller  13:14
That door just swung wide open. And then yesterday, sorry, this is just like, oh boy. We got to get these testimonies out here, because I've been under the weather and I haven't even seen I mean, I haven't meditated on this stuff. So I think that's part of what we're supposed to be doing here. But earlier this week, he was talking about two of these guys. There's so much crazy stuff going on to the business partners, and one of them always digs in his heels and needs to know the details, and brings up all kinds of stuff. And and the the other guy who's like, and he's like, this a manager, I don't know exactly what his he's not top dog. And the the guy who's who's like, chair of the whole operation, loves to push things forward. Just move. Let's make it happen. Moves things quickly. And there's this recurring pattern of of these things getting derailed. So I made the comment, he's a believer. But I made the comment, I was like, yeah, one of the things I found is that when God puts me on a software project that it's it's usually just only partially about software, and it's like the rest of it is about the people he puts me into contact with he just stood there, and he was like,

Unknown Speaker  14:24
you went deep. You went deep real fast.

Matthias Miller  14:29
I was like, Yeah, watch out. I'm trained by this, by this lady from Chicago.

Unknown Speaker  14:36
You better watch it. You're gonna catch it. Back up, back up, back up. Oh, my

Matthias Miller  14:46
goodness. So in the midst of this, I'm just praying. Like, I mean, my first thought is, well, let's, let's take a look at some practical things. Let's do a Colby index just one way, like, let's just get some more information. Just like you said, Let's investigate. I. Yeah, and well, these guys are Amish, so they can't go online to do the Colby. So I call it my Colby rep. And I was like, by the way, can you, can can you, can you do print versions of the Colby? And she's like, well, we quit that. But let me get back to you. I told him it was for the Amish. She was like, there's this other, this other consultant working with the Amish ruse done work with the Amish. Okay. I was like, Okay, so, so I got a call earlier today. She was like, we don't have anything we can give you, but you do have permission to to go ahead and and create these print print them out and just be double, double, doubly careful when you put the answers in, just to make sure that there aren't any any mistakes when you do it. Okay. So anyway, so there's that. Where was I started saying something? Yeah, I know the right way to

Speaker 1  15:58
uncharted territory. Yeah, I am,

Matthias Miller  16:04
I am, and it's, it's part of, well, yeah, anyway, so So I think I was talking about getting working on that, that project, getting that rolling, tremendously productive. After my call, I said I got that, that thing scheduled for next week. And like you said, I haven't had time to sit down and really work through the I haven't had time to sit down and work through what I want from that sales guy, right? And so hopefully I'll have, well, in God's time, I understand that He gives me, he he brings it to mind, and I go with him. And when I'm when it feels like I'm behind, I'm probably not. It's just him pushing me forward to keep moving, moving with it.

Speaker 1  16:52
Yes, yes. And it's always him. Matthias, you are cold, laboring with him. You're on his timeline, yeah, yeah. And that brings you so much peace, but believe you me, he will tap you on the the shoulder, brother, I promise, yeah, when it comes down to timing. So, so Amen. And it's good that you're allowing God to chart, you know, your time because you he's blowing you up. Matthias, and you don't manage you gotta manage him. You gotta manage God. You know, managing. You're managing what he's assigning to you. Matthias, that's a whole different view of life. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's right now, yeah, yeah. It's and it's

Matthias Miller  17:48
interesting you say that, because that was one of the thoughts in my head this morning as I was lying in bed and slept later than I planned, and thinking about, or thinking praying about what I should where I should be going. And that was one of those things that really hit home with me again. It was just that whole thing of being on assignment.

Speaker 1  18:09
Yeah, it's all assignment. Say I'm on assignment and not the treadmill. Write that down somewhere, sir, yeah, on assignment and not the treadmill. Yeah, that's so much right there.

Matthias Miller  18:26
There's, that's a lot of peace right there, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  18:32
and it's burdenless.

Unknown Speaker  18:35
Yeah, always.

Matthias Miller  18:40
You're not allowed to give me much today, because my notebooks almost full.

Speaker 1  18:45
And guess what? It's all good. It's all good because, you know what, when you're what you're doing Matthias, you're documenting the journey, and you want to continue in that, because it's already written. It is written. It's already written. You're documenting it now. Well, you're documenting it. You're God's bride, yeah, on this growth and development, that's what you gotta know. And Matthias, you're going to write some crazy books, short, sweet and simple, because people need to get out of ditches quickly. Matthias And so when his show hard, sit with that thing for 10 minutes and write what you know about it, and put it to the side. Date it and, you know, put it to the side. Just have you some, some type of structured area, be it a bin or wherever you know where you say, God's ideas, and you just throw them in there. You're dating them, and you're tying them, and he's going to fill his guts to you. Then you got it all captured on that one sheet. And every time he deals with you, about to grab that sheet on and write more and. You see what I'm saying, and then if you have to folder, what you put in there, you don't have to do that immediately. But if he's talking about something and does, grab your manila folder stuff that baby, put a title on it of what it's about, and leave it in that bin so you can put your hands on it, you know, because when think about a carpenter, all his tools are in the room with him, yeah, yeah. So you want stuff at hands reach, yeah. And you know, if you find yourself being mobile, have you one of those file? What are they called? There are file cases with handles. Grab that baby up and go where you going. And, you know, leave it in the car, but you've got your office with you.

Unknown Speaker  20:51
Yeah.

Matthias Miller  20:53
Well, for me, this is, this is, you know, the thing that's obvious to me right now, what I have is, I have, I've actually made it digital, and I have my memos for other people that you talked about. I have my kind of I call it my infrastructure document right now. We're just kind of those pieces, but all I need to do is expand that to God's ideas, to God's ideas folder and start putting more stuff in there.

Speaker 1  21:23
That's what you do. That's exactly what you do. Matthias.

Matthias Miller  21:28
And I think with that too is that there's been words that other people have spoken about, subjects that I'm going to write about in a very, very easy thing is just to create some blank documents to get those started.

Speaker 1  21:40
Yeah. And you always you won Matthias to make things palatable. You're, you're God's middle man, where some people may not pick up the language or the rhythm, but you discern and say, This is how we're going to present it for you. This is how we're going to structure it for you. Because none of us learn this thing. Matthias, right? And so when you when you have that ability to to make it palatable for whoever it is, be it a child, be it a teenager, you know, be it somebody who's retired and has been away from all of this man, that makes you invaluable. And then you, you, you're evolving. Then, because you've been, you're, you're growing in in 12,000 different directions. And that's what God desires. He said, we would that we be fruitful and multiply. Yeah. So he's not into addition. He's into multiplication, yeah. And his addition is multiplication, yeah, Mm, hmm. So you just pressing for the for the for the U haul that's coming in, yep. And it doesn't matter what he's dealing with you about, be it your greatest passion, which is the lives of children, and, you know, helping adults manage that world. I'm telling you, it's the gamut Matthias, because you submitted to God. See, he said, when we're willing and obedient, we will eat the good of the land, dear. He didn't say the what we're able to do. He said the land. So the land has yielded harvest to you. Keep that in your heart.

Unknown Speaker  23:35
Yeah, yeah, wow.

Speaker 1  23:38
So this is not just about software, even though it's a door, it's a path. But sir God is multi as multifaceted as he is, there are multipaths, but we don't change he don't change. The environment changes and becomes conducive to who we are. Matthias, this is our Father's world, and that's what sons do. They harvest the land. So you may wake up in the middle of night, God is talking about children. You say, Okay, get to writing. Because I guarantee somebody you're going to have a conversation, they're going to say, well, it's strange, but I'm just thinking about kids. But you say, what? And then you can pull up, you know, on this day, at this time, God said this is like, whoa, see because, because business is relational, that's what people forget. And you're an expert at relationships. My thoughts don't care what nappy headed crazy people say, because, because crazy people would say what they gonna say. You know, crazy people talk crazy, but when you know your identity, I don't care what you say, yeah, yeah. I'm excited. I. Really excited for you. Wow, you're right in your rhythm, Brother, don't come out for nobody. And again, when it don't fit, it don't fit. When one won't seven will that's God's ratio. Yeah. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  25:27
Yeah, wow.

Speaker 1  25:29
You're in the thick of it, and you and you be still. You know, the word of God talks about being steadfast, unmovable, and always abounding in the work of the Lord. You know, our labor is not in vain, so are we doing our work, or are we doing the work of the Lord? And so all of this is your father's idea concerning you. Yeah, this is not your idea. You think someone raising your kids playing baseball and basketball and soccer and fishing and hiking, but God says I have need of you, because he knows what he put inside of you, Matthias, and he's just, he's just extracting what he already put in you,

Matthias Miller  26:15
and while we're here screaming bloody murder, because growth is so patient, We forget that he's, well, I should not say we I should me. Well, I'm here. I'm here screaming bloody murder, because the growth is painful. There's this awareness. There's this awareness to keep, or this, I don't know, just this anchor that he sees that, and that's why,

Speaker 1  26:38
oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, without a doubt, because, because the he's the potter, we're the clay. We're going to always be the clay. Yeah, that's never going to change. Yeah, Mm hmm. Because he desires amazing glory out of us, Matthias, and we don't know the path to bringing glory to God, but he has written it in our, in our, in our spiritual DNA, dear. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  27:08
it's already there, yeah.

Speaker 1  27:12
And so you could speak good at night and and sleep an extra hour anytime you want to, because when you wake up, it's you and dad. It's not Matthias, it's Matthias and his father. Yeah, so we can't lose Matthias. We're in process every day of our lives, and when we embrace life like that, it's like whoa. Lord, you're showing now, what are the chances? Matthias, his grandmother, calls me, and you tell me, and I texted to her, she's a nurse right now. I promise you, she going to get him that trampoline. Yeah, but right in the nick of time, she calls me, and I don't, I don't take calls, but I'm like, Okay, guys, since Matthias, I'm 24/7 I gotta see who it is and what's going on. And, you know, it was his grandmother, and she's like, I'm in Macy's. What does Valerie like? And I said, Well, he loves his superheroes, you know, I went into that funeral. But then guess what? God said, but he also loves jumping in your bed every day there.

Unknown Speaker  28:28
I didn't know that.

Speaker 1  28:29
No, you did not, but you knew that age. You knew what boys love. You see what I'm saying. Well,

Matthias Miller  28:36
then I haven't thought about that. I haven't thought of that rebounder, and who knows how long that little

Speaker 1  28:42
crazy. But look at the timing. Matthias, only God, yep, we don't know who Fowler is. He might be the greatest high job, first in the earth. You know? Yeah, that's how simple it is. Matthias and painless. It's really painless. Brother, it really is when you say that and you make sure you say that every day, this is

Unknown Speaker  29:10
painless.

Speaker 1  29:12
This is painless. This is sweatless because we have what we say, Yeah, I can't imagine his eyes when he gets this trampoline. It's kind of like, how did you know?

Unknown Speaker  29:31
Yeah, and they're crazy, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  29:37
and that's my testimony today.

Unknown Speaker  29:40
That's awesome.

Speaker 1  29:46
Let him use you. Matthias, and you tell God every day, I'm yours. Use me however you want to use me, because what he's doing we've transformed from who we were to life when. More abundantly. He said, I would that you would have life, and this life not the life to come. Matthias, yeah, this life more abundantly. Yeah, you're being you're being ambushed by the blessings of God. Man, it's just drowning. Just drowning. Yeah. Say, Okay, God, more more. Because when he adds more, he add the people, he add the places, he add the things, my father, you cannot back up because you don't have anywhere to back up to. Yeah, yeah. It's by moving forward, yeah, yeah, it's totally about moving forward. Yeah,

Speaker 2  30:47
totally Yeah. Wow,

Speaker 1  30:57
yeah, so know that God is with you now that he's with you, Matthias, and don't back up because there's nowhere to back up to. Yeah,

Speaker 1  31:18
oh yeah, he is God, and beside him, There is

Unknown Speaker  31:26
none

Unknown Speaker  31:37
other.

Speaker 1  31:40
Yeah, God is faithful, and the key is basking in it. Yeah, just basking in it and having a joyful time. If you could think about when you saw a child on a trampoline and how free they were and and how just fearless. You know, it was like, How high can I go and what can I do, you know, and they were doing things they didn't even know they could do, you know, but I love God for who he is.

Speaker 2  32:14
Yeah, he's faithful. He's faithful. He is so faithful. Wow,

Speaker 1  32:21
yeah. And I just keep seeing you walking in the fast minute like a waterfall. Matthias, just the love of God, and

Speaker 1  32:35
you're going to spread the love, because, Matthias, you're entering into some places that most people aren't even considering, territory that people they're not concerned about the livelihood of people. It's about the bottom line. And that is not you. The bottom line is Christ, Jesus and him, that's our bottom line. Yeah. Our foundation is him, yeah. And it's going to spread like wildfire. They, you know, people are just going to want to work with you, whether they believe in your God or not. They just love who you are.

Matthias Miller  33:11
It's already happening. But, yeah, you're right. You should have seen Mindy's face when we were I was just talking yesterday about what we were talking about, actually talking about vacation time, but just seeing her face all over again, over what she's doing right now,

Unknown Speaker  33:32
in every, every coach that I work with,

Matthias Miller  33:39
I mean, I've had a number of times lately where they've been almost giddy, and it's almost like a privilege for them to work with me, which is crazy,

Speaker 1  33:45
and it really is, no, it's God. Matthias, yeah, you're needling a haystack, sir. You need to know that. Yeah, yeah, you're a magnet. But people you know who me change? Matthias, you're a catalyst, and that's all good, and that's exciting.

Matthias Miller  34:11
So you're talking about a magnet, which is why,

Unknown Speaker  34:15
wow. Like, I

Matthias Miller  34:18
mean, that's always been. That's probably the one thing where I've had to Jesus,

Matthias Miller  34:28
don't even find words, but it's like, it's like, as a kid, like that was the one thing that was so abhorred and devalued. But when you talk about a magnet, that's exactly what repelled them, and it's exactly what repelled

Unknown Speaker  34:41
me, wow,

Matthias Miller  34:44
wow. And now it's like, like, wow, like, wow, oh my

Unknown Speaker  34:49
goodness, yeah, yeah, it's yes, but yes,

Matthias Miller  34:55
and the and the tide has turned, and it's, it's now instead of so. Looks like I've had to, I've had to let the repelling take its run its course. Yeah, and then and now, the getting into the right, getting it in among the right people, where the where the magnet can pull.

Speaker 1  35:15
Yeah, absolutely. Because, guess what, it doesn't pull cloth. It's gotta be, it's gotta be metal, man, it's gotta be metal. Yeah, it's gotta be solid and and that's gonna be your standard. Matthias. No such standard, nothing, no, no, no, no, no. If it repels you, it repels God, and you gotta know that be okay with it. Wow, but that's where I am. My no is a no. It's like, I don't care who you are and what you do. God is saying no, I don't think twice about it. Yeah, I'm I've learned to do that. I had to learn to do that.

Unknown Speaker  36:01
Yeah?

Speaker 1  36:03
Because you know what Matthias is. What I love about God, he knows today, he knows yesterday, and he knows tomorrow. And what I think is so awesome and wonderful today, God is like, he's giving it to No, and then what I think is work and overtaking. He's like, yes, if I'm like, oh, but he's growing me. He's growing me, developing me, you know? And we yield to that, we submit and we worship it when it hurts, yeah, and we worship when we're afraid. We worship when we're anxious. No, throw that Christmas CD on when you get in a tight spot. Just say, You know what I'm getting ready to celebrate the king. And just throw that yeah, and have a moment with your father.

Matthias Miller  37:01
I had a dream. I think it was this. It was, it was a week ago. I had this dream. And in the dream, I remember, I don't even know, oh yeah, like the part that was so vivid. I was singing, I was singing songs about the beauty of the king and, oh, and first of all, first of all, I would die for a voice like I had it was, I was I was going for it, and, and, but in that the just once, well, yeah, just the presence In the middle of that was just so powerful.

Speaker 1  37:46
And your father longs for that, and that's who you are to him. Matthias, you know, we, I mean, we are so evolving, we have no clue who we are. It would take several lifetimes, you know. And that's why we continue in glory with him, you know, growing and developing becoming, I'm like, man, God, this is you mean, there's more, you know? Wow, yeah, there's more. Matthias, this is the tip of the man, open,

Unknown Speaker  38:26
yeah, it's like, every

Matthias Miller  38:30
time you think you're getting to kindergarten, you're like, Nope, we're still working on the alphabet, or we're still working on our colors. Yeah, the numbers come on. The numbers.

Speaker 1  38:42
I Matthias. And he said, as children, just like here, we are painstakingly thinking about valid that's how God is thinking about us, Matthias. What does Matthias love? What does Vivian love? That's his heartbeat. That's what you're thinking about with your clients and your partners and your collaborations. What do they love? What would bless this person that I'm talking to show me God? See, Matthias, that's a whole different take. That's a whole different take. The Word of God says the greatest among us is the servant. Yeah, so you're serving humanity, and you only want to build with the best I was at Second Chronicles. I asked you to read Matthias,

Unknown Speaker  39:35
yeah, and I made it like

Matthias Miller  39:37
five chapters in so far.

Speaker 1  39:38
Okay, good. But what have you gotten to the temple part yet?

Matthias Miller  39:43
Yeah, that was, that was one of the first Yep, Yep,

Speaker 1  39:47
absolutely, and I want you. Did you read it in different translations?

Matthias Miller  39:51
No, I just did one.

Unknown Speaker  39:53
Which one? NIV,

Matthias Miller  39:56
I did. ESV,

Speaker 1  39:59
okay. ESV. Okay, go read it in the Amplified, you know, go do those first five chapters at first, you know, especially about the temple and the amplified and in the message. Because Matthias, we, we pale in comparison to what our, our forefathers did for God. I mean, they went out of their way. Matthias, they weren't afraid to build, they weren't afraid to dominate. They weren't afraid to conquer. They weren't afraid to annihilate. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah. And we, neither are we, yeah. So what do we need to conquer? What do we need to annihilate ignorance, to annihilate injustice? What do we mean we need?

Speaker 1  40:55
Yeah, yeah. So this is what this is about, where your heart really burns. This is just the vehicle for the transformation. Yeah, so you on you on track? Yeah, you're on track both. I, I'm really excited.

Matthias Miller  41:17
You gotta read the here. You gotta hear this.

Matthias Miller  41:26
I was, I was blown away when I was reading that. I wish I would remember the exact numbers, the number of people that were working on the temple. I had no idea, but Microsoft employs 150,000

Unknown Speaker  41:42
people. Do you understand me? Matthias,

Matthias Miller  41:46
Facebook, 50k that's like,

Unknown Speaker  41:51
it's like shepherding a city.

Speaker 1  41:53
That's a god number man. That ain't even a number that man can conceive. Yeah, that's a god number, and that's who you are. He said you sit amongst the gates the the what's his name? Jobs, yeah. Jobs, man three, you don't need to talk about anybody else. You that's where you sit. He has a seat for you.

Unknown Speaker  42:29
God said that.

Speaker 1  42:33
Yeah, so you can rest and hear and do. Rest and hear and do. That's your risk. Yes. Yeah, wow. Yeah, you're the man so the job and the what job, the job and the job, wow, different sides of the same coin. And guess what Job went through, he he went through, he walked it out, and at the end, double double Matthias. So we stay the course to get to the end of the doggone thing. So we get our double man. If I know doubles on the other end, I'm gonna get it done. I'm thinking about a potato sack race. My leg is hurting. I done failed twice, but I'm gonna get back up and keep hopping so I get that gift certificate at The end of the end goal stays in mind. Do

Unknown Speaker  43:46
13. Wow. I uh, wow.

Speaker 1  44:10
And you know what God would let you see, everything you just shared with me, he would have you to investigate. He would, you know, and so now Matthias continue to thank God for grooming you, for who you really are. In those words, thank you for grooming me, Father, yeah, for who I really am, yeah, yeah. Because David was out there with the sheep Matthias, they were just dogging him out mean and Nancy to him again, but what it was doing, it was isolating him from the status quo. You better know that brother.

Unknown Speaker  45:00
You better know that,

Speaker 1  45:02
because he was totally being shaped and molded by God, and when God wants hands off, he will isolate us beyond what we can take. Matthias,

Matthias Miller  45:15
oh, boy.

Matthias Miller  45:21
Now it's my turn to say that's deep.

Speaker 1  45:23
Yeah, that's you. That's you, man, yeah. So yeah, understand your lineage. Understand the hand of God. You're a son of God before you're anything else, Matthias, and then people can add this and that and the other but I'm a son of God first, and that is my testimony. I don't care what people think I am, who they think I am, I am a son of God first, and I better be found doing what my father tell me to do. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, my goodness. Oh, my goodness is right. Hello World, Hello World, yeah, here he comes. But I love God for laying foundation as only he can lay five. And you talked about being anchored man and your anchor is in the Lord, not in, not in, not in, not in things, not in people, not in places. No, my anchor is in the Lord. And I love God for that, because Matthias, he says, vain is the help of man, but through him, we shall devalue. So can nobody bless you, unless they've been sent by God. Yeah, yeah, our steps are ordered, and so are those who are called to bless us. Yeah. Don't get me started, man, we got to have revival on this. Oh, we're having revival,

Speaker 2  46:56
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  47:03
He's doing a new thing. Amen, yeah,

Speaker 1  47:10
yeah. So what are your thoughts? You

Speaker 1  47:29
can you run through a troop and leap over a wall now?

Matthias Miller  47:36
Yep, he's with me.

Speaker 1  47:38
I know You can. Yeah, absolutely, absolutely,

Unknown Speaker  47:45
wow. I

Speaker 1  48:04
so we're good, brother, Yeah, we're good. We're good. Matthias And again, God is showing you. He's shaping you, he's molding you, he's blessing you, he's leading you, and he's protecting you and your household and your children and your children's children, to the 1,000th generation Matthias, you're the new thing. And you gotta know that I'm the new thing. You write that down somewhere where you can look at it every day, and you say that to yourself, I'm the new thing in God, yeah,

Speaker 1  49:00
yeah. Oh, and I met with Heidi last night. It was awesome. It was awesome. Matthias come to find out, okay, Heidi's in Portland. My sister has a best friend that lives in Portland. It's crazy. She lives in Oregon. She's a she's an expert musician, and she teaches music. And my niece, I thought she had gone to camp in Oregon, but it was Montana, so we've been all in the West. Know nothing about the West, but I said, I said, Oh my god, Heidi. And then found out what she did, but I'm not going to bend your ears, but we had a great time. I. That's awesome. That's awesome. Yes, we did, and we're going to talk again in two months, but, I mean two weeks, but it was excellent. It was excellent.

Matthias Miller  50:12
So exciting.

Speaker 1  50:15
Yeah, so this train is moving

Unknown Speaker  50:18
straight. It's moving.

Speaker 1  50:24
Yeah, God's given you the desires of your heart. He's given you the desires of your harmonizing.

Speaker 2  50:33
Wow, wow, wow.

Unknown Speaker  50:43
That's awesome. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  50:50
that's God, yeah, what I wouldn't have given to work for myself 20 years ago.

Speaker 1  50:54
See, see, see, that's what I'm saying. This time, wow, wow. What he's doing, and he knows yesterday, today and tomorrow. And she told me how long she had been with you. I said, Wow, yeah, yeah, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  51:22
she's been a pillar, I believe it, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  51:34
yeah, yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  51:41
One of the things with her, I don't even know, well, yeah, well, we can go wherever. But one of the things I've it's, it's been, amongst the many things on my heart is kind of this question, because I, I mean, part of part of me knows that she's Well, part of me thinks, let me say that she does so great at what she does, okay, and, and yet, there's this, like, some I don't know, between giving her, giving her as much work as she wants, and, like, sometimes I feel like there's, there's expansion for her, but I don't even really know what that's supposed to look like.

Speaker 1  52:16
Gotta show you. Gotta show you in time.

Unknown Speaker  52:22
Yeah, cool, yeah, here's show,

Speaker 1  52:31
yeah and everything, because it's just like and I always think about children, Matthias, where we see them, we don't know who this is. We know them at birth, and then we know them, you know, in the weaning stages, and then we know them in their elementary stages, and then we know them in their middle school stages, and, you know, and they're ever evolving, and we are different, yeah. And so it's a blessing to keep our hearts and eyes and ears open and say, Lord, what do you want to do? Because I believe, and I'm just saying this to you. Matthias, I will never say this to to her right now, because it would be premature, but I see her managing your non for profit arm of your calling That's between me and you,

Unknown Speaker  53:30
yeah

Speaker 1  53:31
and but at the same time being sound as a whistle, being savvy in business, you know what I'm saying, because part of the challenge of us as sons of God is we're raggedy when it comes to business. Matthias, you know. And so when you have those dual abilities, that's a power, powerful thing, and we desperately need them both. Yeah, mm hmm, the business side of things we really do. So I'm excited, wow. Say that to her, but I'm saying that to you, wow. Oh boy, she could oversee that thing and run it with her eyes closed,

Matthias Miller  54:17
oh, oh, my goodness. Oh, my goodness,

Speaker 1  54:21
that's God Matthias, wow.

Matthias Miller  54:26
And then suddenly, all of the delays, all of the delays they've been experiencing in that that in a moment, there's acceleration,

Speaker 1  54:35
Jesus, wow, yeah, and, and you're in the center of it, man. So, yeah, wow, yeah, yeah, yeah, boy,

Matthias Miller  54:43
wow, oh, let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.

Unknown Speaker  54:49
Yeah, absolutely, wow.

Speaker 1  55:00
She lit up like a Christmas tree when she told me about those children, yeah, and where those babies are right now, I said, Oh my God. And every single one of them got adopted. Matthias, come on. And only God would have us to have that conversation, yeah, and for whatever reason, I told her about me raising boys in a group home. Yeah, he just had me go that route. Yeah, yeah, God is faithful.

Unknown Speaker  55:39
So I hope you sleep tonight,

Speaker 2  55:44
cuz he I got a bunch of loaded on you. Yeah, yes, yes, I got work to do. You got work to do stuff?

Speaker 1  55:56
Wow. And see, you know, I've learned Matthias. I don't have to know, you know, I just say, Thank You Lord, because what I loved appreciated about Heidi. She said, Well, she say, No, it takes me a moment to open up to someone that I don't know. And I said, that's absolutely normal. And I said, I give it. And then, you know, I just started telling her about me,

Speaker 2  56:24
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Amen. Amen,

Speaker 1  56:35
Wow, we got the same Matthias. Amen, everything is in divine order, yeah, yeah. When you, when you don't know, you, you make your declaration, everything is in divine order, even the stuff I don't know, yeah, yeah, yeah. And whatever you know, because it's crazy Matthias, because the past that God even sent me on, I was like, I'm supposed to be an engineer. I'm supposed to be a mathematician. What in the world is, can you imagine all of my training and development in the sense of my education? I'm telling you, I was a crazy genius in the high school and elementary school, Matthias and the kids hated me, yeah, just hated me and I, you know, and then for me not to go in that direction, you know. But I was going in that direction, but I was going from a different direction, yeah, yeah, he's in, he's in control. Matthias, we're in the center of the Word of God, and we yet, it's yet being revealed what we shall look like, wow. But we know we going to look like him. Matthias, yeah, yeah, in the earth,

Unknown Speaker  58:02
yeah, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  58:09
so amen and amen,

Matthias Miller  58:11
amen and amen. Wow. What a time to be alive,

Speaker 1  58:16
yes, sir. And in your right mind, Matthias,

Matthias Miller  58:21
and in your right mind, yeah, it's not the time, it's the mind, it's

Speaker 1  58:27
the mind. Brother, yeah, yeah, you're right. Amen.

Speaker 1  58:37
So I'm just, I'm just excited and ready and focused and obedient, and, you know, doing what God told me to do, I'm going to do a spreadsheet. I've got to get a spreadsheet together of our team, and I'm going to jot down every time I conversate with them and and like I share with Heidi, I said, Heidi, anytime you have areas of prayer to shoot them to me via text or whatever I said, because that is what I do. I am an intercessor, you know, and I'm and she's like, Absolutely, I mean, yeah, God is faithful. God, yeah, yes.

Speaker 1  59:21
Wow. So all points are covered. Matthias, they they're just manifesting, dear, and just say yes and amen and keep it moving, you know? And when you don't agree with your spirit, it don't agree with your spirit, that means, then there may need to be some more investigation, some more information. You know. That's not a saying. It's like no, I'm getting a no. In my spirit, let me, I need to hear from God, but that's between you and God. That's nobody's business, because you're building the kingdom, sir. Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:00:05
Yep, so what else we got on our plate?

Matthias Miller  1:00:19
I mean, I don't know. I mean,

Matthias Miller  1:00:28
well, actually, maybe I do now here, let me just make sure I'm good on time. As far as, Oh yeah, we're no, we're great. I I

Matthias Miller  1:00:47
said something to my wife. I said, Hey, by the way, so we made some arrangements recently to for her to take, take Wednesdays off. We've got somebody who stays at our house while the kids are sleeping, and she gets out of the house, and she can either do something, or she and I can hang out, or or whatever. I just kind of, I mentioned, I asked her if I forget how I said it. I basically just planted the seed. I said, Hey, if you, if you ever want to, want to talk to Vivian or start talking to her, you

Unknown Speaker  1:01:22
know, just let me know,

Matthias Miller  1:01:25
or whatever, just kind of opening up the door to the conversation.

Matthias Miller  1:01:33
And so I, she was like, I would so awkward to talk on the phone and on the video. I just, I didn't really, I didn't really push it more. It's kind of left it. And it's been, it's been freeing for me to rest in that and knowing that she is also, like, just, I don't know, not feeling the pressure to put her on some kind of a timetable, or some kind of, oh yeah, anything like that, which is how it's supposed to be, but and

Speaker 1  1:02:10
Blessing is there? You know, you know how it's just comforting to know something is there. But you say, Well, I don't need that right now, but I thank you. I appreciate I love it, yeah, but it's like, what's powerful Matthias, God knows our path, and so the Word of God says, while we are speaking, he's already answered. And you just never, never know. And that's such a gift, you know, to have that, that freedom, you know, that's that's so liberating. Matthias, yeah, yeah. For her, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:47
yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:02:51
And then, and then with the family, one of the, one of the big things we're working through right now is it's just an ongoing process with three of our kids are doing quite well. Our oldest, Dante and Ella and our youngest, Adrian, are all doing quite well. Adrian, is

Unknown Speaker  1:03:21
he? I mean, he's,

Matthias Miller  1:03:24
I don't know he's, he's the Energizer Bunny, like to the 10th degree,

Unknown Speaker  1:03:30
all boy, all like, all out.

Matthias Miller  1:03:35
He'll be two in January. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. And he's got all the energy of all the other kids combined. Like, oh my God, he's my wife. My wife sent me a picture the other night. He got into one of we had a little plant in the girls' room. He got, he got that down and, like, literally had dumped the dirt, like, all over the toys and all over everything. What happens when I do exactly, exactly? And he was definitely made for bigger borders than a house. So winter, winter is my wife's like, I just he can handle the cold. We'll just bundle him up and send him out more because he needs it. Oh, man, he is high energy. He's a mess, but it's good, but it's he's it's sometimes hard to know how to manage. Oh, for sure. That's for sure. That's for sure. And then Tamika. And so Tamika is, is the one that that we adopted after she was, she was, well, she came to us when she was older, and and we, we adopted her when she was older. And there's so much of the, I mean, I don't even know what else to call it, because. Besides

Speaker 2  1:05:02
just the orphan thinking like I'm not, I'm not

Matthias Miller  1:05:06
going to use my words to ask for what I want. And why would I even ask for it? Because nobody's going to listen to me. And instead, we're just going to whine, which my wife has zero toleration for, and, and, and. So, I mean, it's like either, either you use your words or I'm probably too much of a softy. But like, because I'll go into troubleshooting mode, Jesus, like she can make up her mind, not the wine. So, so

Unknown Speaker  1:05:43
Tamika, she is four, four, okay.

Matthias Miller  1:05:49
And so we keep seeing more and more of her personality kind of unfolding more and more moments where she wants to, wants to give and receive affection genuinely, where you kind of see her happy, giggly personality coming through, and and then there's still a lot of things that,

Matthias Miller  1:06:14
yeah, sometimes communicating with her is, is challenging.

Speaker 1  1:06:20
Now she had other siblings. Is, is any of her siblings in the home? Or she the only one?

Matthias Miller  1:06:26
Yeah, Dante. She and Dante are siblings.

Speaker 1  1:06:28
Okay, Dante is her brother. Okay, yep. And so her history was there, like severe abandonment, or,

Matthias Miller  1:06:41
we think there's pretty likely abandonment and or andor abuse, like her caregiver wasn't, was not eligible for adoption. Well, actually, her caregivers, part, her caregivers partner was, was what held up the caregivers, adoption.

Speaker 1  1:07:00
Okay, okay. How long? How long was she with her caregiver? Was she with her caregiver from birth,

Matthias Miller  1:07:12
it was soon after birth, she was placed with a different family for a few weeks, and then, and then she was with her caregiver until she was, I want to say right before. Was it right before her? I Before her second birthday? Something like, okay, okay,

Speaker 1  1:07:29
because, and how long was she and Dante separated?

Matthias Miller  1:07:38
So Dante's well for that, for those two years,

Unknown Speaker  1:07:42
okay, it was two years. Dante

Matthias Miller  1:07:45
was with us from birth, and she was, she was in Florida for about two years before she came

Unknown Speaker  1:07:50
to us. Okay, because

Speaker 1  1:07:54
I like by her being and do they have other siblings, or was it just the two of

Matthias Miller  1:07:59
them? No, they have there were Dante. Dante has two older siblings, and there's and, well, there's, there's two older and two younger siblings, I believe.

Speaker 1  1:08:10
Okay, they're younger. They're younger than she is.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:14
Yeah, they're younger than she is. Okay,

Speaker 1  1:08:18
that's a lot of separation, like diet, fishing and counseling of any sort or therapy.

Matthias Miller  1:08:24
She's not well. I don't know that she would have known any of her I mean, she wouldn't have known any of her younger

Unknown Speaker  1:08:30
ones, yeah, but those younger ones,

Matthias Miller  1:08:35
she wouldn't have no she was never with them. She spent most of her time. I don't, I don't recall there being other children in her home, but she would have spent a significant amount of time at daycare, and so there would have been those kids that she would have known.

Speaker 1  1:08:53
Oh, yeah, okay, and you know what, this and she's been with you guys. Was it last Christmas?

Matthias Miller  1:09:04
Um, it's been the year before that,

Speaker 1  1:09:06
the year before. The reason I'm asking Matthias at that age they got, I mean, they just don't adapt. You know what I'm saying, like, I'm curious what her her true age is. I'm really curious. And I don't believe it's four, because is that her age? Yeah, okay, I don't think it's four. She may be a two year old. Yeah, in in development and because trauma impedes

Unknown Speaker  1:09:48
cognitive growth, right,

Speaker 1  1:09:52
right, yeah. And so even though she's four, she may be a two year old. Yeah. Know and and whenever. I don't know how that works, but if there's an opportunity of therapy for her,

Unknown Speaker  1:10:13
fake it. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:10:18
cognitive therapy or

Speaker 1  1:10:20
emotional, yeah, emotional, emotional, where she, you know, like she, she may not even be able to talk about it or even draw a picture, but if some things in there that we don't know, and it's just going to be time.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:42
Mm, hmm, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:10:45
it's going to be time. Because, you know what? It's interesting. There are times because Valerie is with me so much from like 730 in the morning till 530 or six, he'll look at me, he'll say, are you my mom? And I'll smile at him. And I said, valer, who am I? He says, Your auntie, Anne. And then I say, okay, and I said, I'm your mother's auntie. I'm your great aunt. So he's curious right now, as for Matthias, but he gets to ask me those questions, and get to see his mother every day he gets to see his manner, which is my sister, you know, like we have a true family dynamic that he can play around with and and and make sense of, because that's the age where they're trying to make sense for their world. And so even though they can't verbalize things to us, but they experience things,

Unknown Speaker  1:11:52
yeah, yeah, they do.

Speaker 1  1:11:56
And so like, even with valor in the mornings, I could tell, you know, because he gets up super early, and then he's got to get here, and then I bring him in, and I always ask him, What do you want? Because from the time you wake up, he's doing what mama wants. Yeah. And so I could, I could just, I can discern it's his turn, like when he gets with me, it's always his turn, and he's not dancing to anybody's music, but his own, because I discern what he's ready for. And, you know, we have conversation, and it's not me striving with him, because I understand that he and mom has strove from the time she didn't probably didn't want to get up and then breaking them out in the cold and bring them to me, and then, you know, and I just started his routine immediately. When I came after valor, what do you want? He said, I want chocolate milk. And that's like, his favorite thing in the world. And he drinks plant based chocolate milk. So his mom is a vegan, and so, you know, we he, of course, he gonna eat? You know? He get his little nibbles of me, and he loves it like first thing he said, he'll say something was needed and right? And so his mom, we don't keep that from her, I say, Trina, yeah. Look, it sucks this, you know. And she knows that, because he demands protein, you know, and how he's developing. And so all of that comes into play. Matthias, and so he and I, we don't fight. We have a structure. We have a routine. And when he does wonder, he says, Auntie, I don't want to do that. And I say, Okay, what do you want to do? Then he tells and that's okay. And then I let him do it. But guess what? We go back to doing what I wanted to do. He only needed two minutes to do what he wanted to do.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:48
Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:13:52
Because ultimately, he has this crazy respect for me and Matthias, and never fails when I take him, you know, get his coat. He gets his coat on this and that we get downstairs to his mom, and he's about to go down and says, he turned he says, Give me a hug. Then I give him a hug. Give me a kiss. That's every day. I don't ask him for a hug or kiss. He's not leaving without giving me one. But he has a world that I allow him to exist in, and she's got a world too, and she's she's trying to make sense of it

Speaker 1  1:14:33
makes sense. So she's going to be fun, it's just going to be time. Yes, it's going to take time. And like you say, you're seeing more of who she is, and you know, and sometimes the easiest way to get through life, and who knows better than you, is to isolate yourself. Yeah, that's the coping mechanism you. Yeah, yeah. And we learn, yeah, yeah. So and, you know, it doesn't have to be you're the softy, but you can smile at her when Mama said, Oh, you're gonna do because, listen, here's a book called when mama ain't happy, ain't nobody happy.

Matthias Miller  1:15:19
It's true. Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:15:21
So you can, you know, you can kind of wink and say, you know, because she, she more than likely is going to become a daddy's girl, you know, because of who you are, and that's quite normal. But at the same time, you stand, you know, with your wife, but you know, like, Okay, God, I love her, and I really want it, but don't let it get in between you and Mama. Yep, yep, yeah. No,

Matthias Miller  1:15:56
go ahead. I mean, one of the things that first popped in when you were talking about communication. I don't know if you have any experience or even perspective or feedback on EMDR, but

Unknown Speaker  1:16:10
what's that? Matthias explain it to me,

Matthias Miller  1:16:12
it's a, it's it's a, so I don't know that much about it, but the basic premises is, it when people are in distraught emotional states or have trauma memories or or trauma responses that don't necessarily, aren't even necessarily attached to traumas people people like holding people's heads still in in their eyes tracing from one side to the other to help the two sides of the brain connect with each other and and bring resolution to it.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:49
Oh, wow, wow. No, I'm not familiar with that,

Speaker 1  1:16:58
but I'm I'm telling you, Matthias, you, you guys, you have so much inside Matthias. And I, you know, one of the things I'm thinking about right now is that God's most precious commodity is his, is us, His image and his likeness. And oftentimes we wonder, God, why? You know, it's not a why, but you say thank you that you put this person in my hand, or put me in this relationship because he know you guys, like you Matthias, you handle, uh, humans with kids skin gloves. And we learned that. You know, we don't come here like that, but we learn what hurt and we learn what comfort. You know, and I'm one. When he and his mom get into a tug of war, I look at valor, and my look says him, you need to do what mommy's asking. I don't join in the screaming mess. I don't join in the tug of war. I just look at him. I say, valor, need to do what mommy's asking you. And he goes, you know, he goes into his explanation. I said, Okay, valor. And you know what? When you do what Mommy needs you to do, then I guarantee you you're going to be able to do that, you know? And I'm helping mommy, saying, listen, when he cooperates with you, there need to be a reward.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:27
Yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:18:35
yeah, but, but, but you, you know she's in the right hand, Matthias, and they're caring and loving hands that are there to protect her more than anything, because fear is the greatest trauma. You know. How long will I be here? I'm sure that's a question. Yeah, yeah. But over time, yeah, over time, she'll be fine. She will because she's in the perfect will of God, yeah, no matter what the world is doing or saying or, you know, God is so our ark of safety, like, Thank You Lord, you know, so I don't thank them for the pandemic, but I thank you that you're making us sit down. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:19:32
But we can, you know, we can talk more about Tamika whenever we need to. And I'll, you know, I'll keep her in prayer, and Adrian and Dante, yeah, they they're God's babies.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:50
Yeah, they are. And

Speaker 1  1:19:52
what are your other children's names? I've got Dante, I've got Adrian. She's too. How old is Dante? Again? Um.

Matthias Miller  1:20:01
Uh, Dante is he's six, six, okay, and then it's Tamika. She's four, okay, I got Tamika. And then Dakota is our foster foster placement. We had him when he was about a year old,

Speaker 2  1:20:17
okay, he came back to us. He's also four, okay, oh, okay, okay. And then Ella, Ella is also four, okay, oh, wow.

Speaker 1  1:20:30
You got a company of four year old you

Matthias Miller  1:20:33
got a company of four year olds.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:37
Goodness, how does that pan off?

Matthias Miller  1:20:42
For the most part, it actually works fairly well. To be honest. We're getting past the point of, you know, I don't know, they're getting more independent,

Speaker 1  1:20:56
yeah, because that's, that's the plan, yeah, that's,

Matthias Miller  1:20:59
that's the plan, that's the plan. And there's enough Go ahead. There's enough variety that when two of them are fighting, they can split up and either one person goes and plays by themselves and they can play with the other one, or like, there's that flexibility. I love

Speaker 1  1:21:17
it. I love it. That's awesome. Wow.

Matthias Miller  1:21:21
But then Dakota was, well, okay, and then Adrian is, he's, he's, he's the one who's, he'll be two in January,

Unknown Speaker  1:21:30
okay.

Matthias Miller  1:21:34
Dakota also shows signs of trauma and like development mentally. In some ways, he's super advanced in his verbal skills, but in other ways, yeah, I mean, you definitely see a lot of anxiety, and within two this it's just the frustrating thing of foster care, his the department is planning to take his case, his take his case in January, to include adoption as a permanency option for him.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:10
Oh and

Matthias Miller  1:22:14
and so he hasn't seen his mom in a while, but his his biological mom in a while, we kind of held off on I'm letting on getting him to call us dead mom because, just because of how his first case went. But she's not doing well at all. Okay, so

Speaker 1  1:22:38
does any? Does any of the children, and I don't have to know which one says any of them have parents that have a history of drug addiction.

Speaker 2  1:22:45
Yes, okay,

Speaker 1  1:22:51
and my question would be in that sense that do you know if the mom was using drugs when she carried them?

Matthias Miller  1:23:01
So one of them we believe so, okay, yet we believe so. But the hospital screwed up the drug test, okay? And so we don't have any any proof of that. You don't have any evidence, okay, no evidence of that. There was another one that. Well, I don't know if we know for sure about any of the others, one of them, one of them actually did, actually,

Unknown Speaker  1:23:38
somehow

Matthias Miller  1:23:41
got got a hold of some drugs after, after they were born,

Unknown Speaker  1:23:45
and just after,

Speaker 1  1:23:47
okay, and was there, do you know if there's any brain damage or don't know what the outcome of that, okay? And that was, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:24:00
good, go ahead.

Speaker 1  1:24:04
And the reason, the reason I'm asking is because, in those cases, is there a possibility or a path of therapy, because it's going to be needed?

Matthias Miller  1:24:20
Well, there is, I have a we have a very good friend of ours who does, who does cognitive therapy, okay that I know would be, I believe, would be tremendously helpful for all of for most of our kids, at least

Unknown Speaker  1:24:33
Okay.

Matthias Miller  1:24:37
At this point, I haven't even tried to pursue it, just because, to be quite honest, we can't afford it right now.

Speaker 1  1:24:45
Yeah, and you know what Matthias, but it's, you can put it on the table, you can pin that and then as things, as things grow, you know? And the blessing is you already know this person. Person, and that person is there. That's awesome, you know? And then my question is, Are Are any of these Well, are they considered wards of the state, like the children that you have, or, how does

Matthias Miller  1:25:15
that work? Dakota is none of the others are all the others are adopted.

Speaker 1  1:25:20
Okay, they're adopted, okay? And then who is the ward of the state, Dakota? Oh, okay, Dakota, so, oh, now, does in these, in these processes, like in the Department of Human Services, do they have where, you know, because even even in adoption, brother, you might be able to, you know, search, do a search on counseling for children who've been adult, or you even search free counseling, you know, and just, just see what you find. Yeah, just find out what you see. And then the other thing I'll say

Unknown Speaker  1:26:08
that,

Speaker 1  1:26:10
especially, there's so many paths to that Matthias, did I believe you could get it for free? I really did, because right now, you know, everybody's going through some emotionally, whether we admit it or not, like you know, it's taking a toll on all of us, but we're overcoming. We're enduring, you know, but just just, you know, just to do a search and see what happens. I mean, even go into the demographics of it, like African American children with Caucasian families, or, you know, children like whatever you're suspicious of, you know, because people are generous. Matthias, yeah, and especially when it comes to children, yeah. And so I'm not adding anything to your plate. These are all ideas, okay, that when you when you have them on the way you said, I need to do something else. You dive into it, you know, for 30 minutes or an hour and keep your ongoing notes. Yeah, cuz my niece, I have a niece that's two, Aubrey, which is Sally's buddy, because they're the youngest right now, and she has sensory, she she's very sensory. And my niece, I got to learn the language, but everything got to go to her mouth. And so it's just interesting. Matthias, she's in therapy right now, and she is amazing, but it's going in her mouth. You know, it's like everything else. You know, her speech is challenged right now, because she's thinking faster than she could say her. And so we're in training and learning through her therapist on, you know, how to, how to grow with it, yeah, yeah. And there's, there's some this website that my, her mom found and it's really powerful, because they do hands on stuff on the web, you know, for her. So I'm thinking that you're going to strike gold, yeah, and it's not going to, you know, it's not going to cost you an arm and a leg, because there is, especially with all of us having to do virtual, God, bless you, then all of us having to do virtual right now. But guys, you'll be surprised,

Unknown Speaker  1:28:53
yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:29:01
And only God led us to the to this conversation. Yep, remember, just like the trampoline, he's always thinking about them.

Matthias Miller  1:29:11
Yeah, yeah, it's very true.

Speaker 2  1:29:15
Very true. Well, I good, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:29:28
yeah. I'll keep some notes on that, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:29:31
yeah. And that's awesome, you know. And that's what I love about God. He cares about everything and everybody, and he's not going to leave one stone unturned. Matthias, because it's not just like when you had that conversation with that gentleman. He said, Whoa, you going deep like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:01
Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:30:12
what else do we have anything else on the table? I

Matthias Miller  1:30:17
don't think so. I can't think of anything else, okay,

Speaker 1  1:30:22
amen. God's got you and your household.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:27
Yeah, yep,

Speaker 1  1:30:33
and the sky still is not the limit, so keep that in mind. Yeah, yeah, stop at the sky, sir, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:30:50
good,

Speaker 1  1:30:51
yeah, this was excellent, and I'm so glad it's recorded, because that's the nice thing. Can always go back, you know, take it in chunks and bites.

Unknown Speaker  1:31:08
Yep, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:31:12
good. What's my last thing? What's your last thing you want to say? I Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:31:23
Well, this this word when you asked what was, I don't know if I want to go here, so the word that popped up with all of this just keeps popping up right now is, is centered around the whole thing of debt, okay? And I don't even know. I don't even know what we're supposed like.

Unknown Speaker  1:31:51
I don't even know. I don't even know,

Unknown Speaker  1:31:59
or do you want to wait? And so, you know,

Unknown Speaker  1:32:06
we want to inquire of God. I

Matthias Miller  1:32:24
well, I mean, I think it's clear that it's something that God wants me to confront head on. Okay, and I don't know if there's much that we need to do

Speaker 2  1:32:39
now, okay, maybe,

Matthias Miller  1:32:43
yeah, unless you're hearing something. But I guess, I guess one of the things I'm realizing with that is that, is that part of this whole thing is you're talking about what, what wall can I run through? What, what can I jump over, or whatever

Speaker 1  1:32:59
run through a troop and leap over a wall. Run

Matthias Miller  1:33:03
through a troop and leap over a wall. I think this is one of those things that

Unknown Speaker  1:33:09
that I

Matthias Miller  1:33:12
don't know that there's really much. I don't even know what I'm saying here. I don't even know that there at this point, that there's much more to do besides just this awareness that God wants to take a battering ram to that and that, it's just one piece like, this is like, it's, oh, there's more to that. It's more than I don't even know. Wow, help me. It's more than just paying it off. It's taking a battery RAM to it okay. And I don't know what that is supposed to look like, but maybe it's just that awareness as I'm going after this stuff, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:33:59
being aware and being prepared when you hear to to make note of it and do it. Yeah, yeah, that's true, yeah? Being prepared,

Speaker 2  1:34:13
yeah, yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:34:27
Okay, I honestly don't know of anything else that's good.

Speaker 1  1:34:31
Okay, awesome, awesome. Okay, well, I'm looking forward to the next time we talk and you've got some amazing things lined up. Matthias, now stay your course. That's the key. When you get that, you stay with the GPS. Okay, yep, yep, okay, all right, perfect. Bless. Thanks on you guys weekend,

Unknown Speaker  1:35:01
thank you,

Speaker 1  1:35:05
and I will see you on Monday's call, if not sooner.

Matthias Miller  1:35:08
All right, cool. Sounds like a plan. Can't wait.

Unknown Speaker  1:35:13
Okay,

Speaker 2  1:35:14
great. Thanks for being talk to you soon. All right, sounds good. Okay, bye, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai