Matthias Miller  00:00
How are you good? How are you I am so Well,

Speaker 1  00:08
that's good. I hate that I didn't get to see Nathan. I don't know what happened when I went there. When I hit the link on the inside, it said, oops. Something went wrong. And so then I just decided, well, I'm just going to call Lynn, yeah, yeah, I don't know

Matthias Miller  00:30
you hit the Zoom link.

Speaker 1  00:31
Uh huh. I hit the link. That's weird on the invite, yeah. I hit the link on site, and they say, Oh, something went wrong. And so

Matthias Miller  00:41
there's two, there's two links in there. One's for zoom and one's for an agenda. So,

Speaker 1  00:52
well, I'm going to go back, I'm going to peek at it again and see which one I hit. Yeah, I don't know. I may have hit the agenda. It's kind of weird. But yeah, I'll go back and look. Oh, so So Nathan. Now. Now, help me remember Nathan.

Matthias Miller  01:13
Nathan is a young college, college grad, helping me on the 10, the the big shed builder project, okay, the multi month project. We're doing a trial run, aiming for about for about three months, aiming for about 10 hours a week. Okay? Glee in my eye is bringing him on board longer term, but rather than Weigh Down Tim with that uncertainty or doing a trial,

Speaker 1  01:58
excellent, excellent, excellent, that's excellent. That's almost like a 90 day. Let's see if you you know and that's just a good thing, because you learn a lot in that time. You know all parties involved. So this Facebook Live? Is it on your Facebook page under your name? It's online, okay, online and stuff. Okay, I can just go there and take a peek. Yeah, yeah, okay, because here's what's happening, you know, go ahead. No, go ahead.

Matthias Miller  02:34
So here's what's happening. This is, this is like, anyway, like, this is just how God works. But last, last time I asked, asked Ian for some input, and he gave me some input, and followed up with him and say, well, here's some things we're looking at. And asked him for more input. He gave me more input. I think it's solid advice. But the Facebook Live today really was a lot about extracting from Ian who he is, and using that as a way to share value.

Speaker 1  03:11
Oh, nice, nice, nice, nice. So what I shared, was it off, or was it really, really helpful?

Matthias Miller  03:23
What you shared about him?

Speaker 1  03:25
No, what I shared in regard to making it inviting, you know? Because, okay, this was the first time, so by me not looking at it, my thought was, was it inviting? Was this like an invite? Hey, you know, this is for any of you out there, you know, and so that was really, really my honest viewpoint on it, and without seeing the Facebook

Matthias Miller  03:49
Live, no, it was, it was on point. It was on point.

Speaker 1  03:53
Okay, yeah, because this is go ahead, you talk, because we both get excited. So you talk.

Matthias Miller  04:03
And it was feedback that I think Ian hilly saw it as well. So anyway, yeah, go ahead,

Speaker 1  04:11
cool, because here's the exciting part. It's something powerful when I can't see you guys, because then I'm not reading faces, and so it's crazy that I can hear better from heaven when I don't see. You guys. That's crazy. It's crazy. Matthias, I'm telling you, so as I'm sitting there and I'm listening, you know, because my I believe it does something, you know, to your senses, like a blind person, if they can't see, they got a double here, right?

Matthias Miller  04:49
Yeah, yeah, that's right, yeah.

Speaker 1  04:53
If they can't hear, they got to have crazy peripheral vision. And you know, all this, they just got to have crazy. Vision. So as I'm sitting there listening, you know, I take notes, and all I'm hearing is, there, did they end? Did they make it an invite? Was it an invite? And I was like, I'm thinking, well, this is their first run, but it wouldn't hurt because I didn't see it, you know, it's not a redundant question because I didn't see the Facebook Live, and true enough that thing spring out like this. They got to make it inviting, whether they got to have something on it where people can reach out and say, Hey, remember when you guys said, blah, blah, blah. I have, I need further insight on that. You know what I'm saying? Matthias, because people love engagement, and so is that? Is that put? Is that adding an additional burden? Or tell me what your thoughts here?

Matthias Miller  05:54
Oh no, oh no. It's just wisdom. It's just, you know, I'm still, yeah, there's so much I'm trying to figure out right now. But yeah, I am not a planner. Ian's the planner. But he can really go with my he can, he can dance to my rhythm. I love it. And so all like, Yeah, but part of this is just putting a few pieces in place, doing announcements, scheduling an announcement first thing in the morning, and then just shifting, the shifting the content of the of the live a little bit, okay, and the description and maybe the intro a little bit okay, just to keep that, just keep that rolling, yeah,

Speaker 1  06:51
because the nice thing is, if they want to reach out, here's how you reach out to us. You know, with any questions or thoughts or ideas, because again, Matthias, we don't know if this is building community. You know what I'm saying? It's like building anything. You start building and you think you're building this, and then the thing organically, because we know everything that God gives us is alive. It's not dead, yeah. And it has a lot, yeah. And so for you staying open to the evolution of this thing like you know it could be, well, our intent was for it to be this, and then it pans out, or burst itself into whatever, because the whole focus is following God. That's your focus. Yeah. Where are you leading, you know? And so the blessing is your heart is open. Matthias, much more open than it's ever been in your life. True, you know. And that's a powerful thing. That's a very powerful thing, because when we tap, when we it's just like writing the software, which I've never done. I've never built a system, but I build systems, but they're not technical systems. I build people systems. And so here it is. You're out there now, and it's nice because you're behind a camera. You do not looking at anybody's face. You know what I'm saying with guys? Yeah, yeah. God has a way of designing it just for you, yeah. And so all of this is a design with you in mind. Write that down. I don't know if you can write it down, or if you drive, okay, right? Are you recording? Yes, I'm recording excellent, because these thoughts have come with like, I don't remember, but I thought it was, but what I'm saying is the design of all of this is with you in mind. Matthias, this is about you, yeah, and God is sharing you up and scaffolding, you write that down. He's scaffolding you Matthias. And one thing I love about any governance that God gives us, he's always going to have an a governing body around us so you don't have to fear we're not we're not going to let you fall. You're well cushioned. You're well cushioned. Write that down. I'm well cushioned. And the very thing you said, Matthias to the team, you said, I don't want you worry so much about technical stuff is I want you being free. Did you not say that? Yeah, free to free to create, free free to innovate. Matthias, that's, that's the kingdom of God on earth, sir, yeah, yeah, yeah. And I want you to like you said, Okay, you said. And. Got my rhythm. In other words, you guys are excellent dance partners, and so the beauty of that is, Ian is good at extracting, you know, which is so powerful. He is a true executer, and you're a true commanding officer, because that's what I saw Po from the womb. Matthias, it's not something that's attaching itself, please.

Matthias Miller  10:27
So I am glad that you said that, because I've been trying to be good about writing these things down, and this is something that I met missed. But for Ian, for this current season, which I don't even know. I don't know the timing of this, to bring this to him, yeah, I saw him almost like a, like an operations consultant,

Speaker 1  10:59
and so this is what you say to him. I don't know if this is the timing for the very thing you just said to me, Matthias, because what you're saying to him is, I'm going by your lead, because that's how you do leaders. They gotta have somebody following them. Matthias, and so every time you introduce something which won't hinder you. You say, I don't know if this is a good time. You tell me if it is or if it isn't, but this is what I saw. In other words, you're getting his permission to make the decision, is this a good time or not? Because that's where his thing is. That's his thing. Yeah. And so always preface everything God gives you for in I don't know if this is a good time for this. This is what I see. Bam, don't apologize for it. Just, I don't know if it's good, but this is what I see. Because what he's going to realize in the in the the relationship that you guys gonna say, man, this man is a real visionary, and you're going to learn that you're, you're Paul and Silas, where it's like, man, you see it, and I could do it. You see what I'm saying. Yeah, that's awesome. Yeah. But that's the very thing you're thinking. I don't know if you say that to him, and he will say, Nah, but that's something to think about. You see what I'm saying, because now you're planting seed Matthias,

Matthias Miller  12:29
and he's the kind of person who will bring it up when the time is right. Like, you know, we haven't talked about this in a while. Like, yep, we haven't

Speaker 1  12:40
see what I'm saying. And so you're the COO, and he's the CEO. He executes you, you, you, you, you're the one that God's going to give always the memo Matthias, because there's only one head, no matter how brilliant any of us are, it's we follow your lead, think about a king he got. He can have 50,000 Cabinet members. But guess what? The final answer comes from the one with the signet ring. Picture that 12 people don't wear the signet ring. Matthias, only one, not a football team, it's a kingdom,

Speaker 1  13:28
but it's all in how you say it just like today, you said, hey, I want you guys to be free. You said, This is not on the agenda. See, that means I know it's not on the agenda. I'm not crazy. However, I'm gonna bring this up briefly, just like you said. It was short, sweet bone. Short, sweet bone, because that's what everybody loves. We're not sitting at a table for 50,000 hours, then we get up, we're so exhausted. Like, what was I supposed to do? No, and I love the fact there's no judgment in and you know what? I had two days off, and I'm getting there, because guess what? Matthias, everybody's tired. They got everybody has some form of fatigue, and all of our fatigue is different.

Speaker 1  14:20
Yeah, so you you in the river, brother, flow. Keep flowing. And no apologies. No apologies. You know what? Yes, we know our meeting is normally 30 minutes. Give me an extra five minutes. I have a thought. See what I'm saying. I'm with you guys. I know what we scheduled, I know what we structured, but this is what I'm thinking, and they're going to love that about you, because what you're doing is you're getting their permission, even though you are in charge. Say, Hey, I know our meetings are normally 30 minutes. Can I have an extra five? Because I'm thinking about something. You see what I'm saying, and then you. On your agenda, and is it a? Is it a? Like, it's a blueprint, like, it's just what it is, or does it change every week? No, it's it is what it is. Okay. The reason I'm saying that is because in the next meeting, if you foresee that there's something you want to place on the agenda that should always be on there, say, Hey you guys, I'm thinking about adding something to our agenda, you know? Because here it is again. This is your foundation crew. This is your pillar crew. You know, this is your scaffolding crew. And so what people love and are at the table, they may not care. It may not even be a concern of theirs, but it's nice when it's when they're asked, Hey, you guys mind if I add one more thing to the agenda? You see what I'm saying? Because now they're getting the essence of you, Matthias, that you're valuable. Your opinion is valuable. And whenever you have one, I want to hear it. Yeah, that's your culture, because the way you govern is the way they're going to govern. Yeah, you're sending the president. Yeah. You it

Matthias Miller  16:24
makes sense

Speaker 1  16:26
because, because it's a baby, and when you look at a baby, you notice things about the baby, you know, and you say, hey, maybe we need to do this. You'll notice breakout, you'll notice allergic reactions. You'll notice fever, and that's how sensitive God wants you to be. Matthias, because he's building with living stones, and you're aware of that.

Matthias Miller  16:55
So can we jump to something else? Or do you have one? Oh, yeah, no, no, no, no, that's fine. Okay, okay. So when so Mindy has been a little bit of a head scratcher, and part of it is I feel like I'm not devoting enough time to her for her to really okay, up level to where she should be. Okay. One of the words, and one of the questions I've been asking is, really, where should she be? Where should she be? Where should she be? Why is she here? Because we have these things that we brought her on for. And I think, I think, you know, I mean, I think God's in it, and, you know, all this stuff, like we're here now and, and one of the things that jumped out at me when she was talking was the word training. Okay, one of the things that was on her resume, and one of the things that she keeps coming back to, is more training, more training, more training. And the same way that Ian is a systems guy, agree to plan and delegate and all of those things, she is the training lady, okay, okay,

Unknown Speaker  18:19
okay.

Matthias Miller  18:24
I don't even really know exactly where to go with this. Okay, my first well, obvious. Actually, I do know because a wise person speaking in my ear,

Speaker 1  18:35
yeah, what drew? What drew you to her, Matthias, what was the draw? The

Matthias Miller  18:43
draw was her customer service experience, okay, her having her type of Mo that she has,

Speaker 1  18:52
okay, and her, just her,

Matthias Miller  19:00
she had a level of of hunger for lack of, Okay, anything else. That was what drew me. There were a lot of things that, honestly, in the natural being backwards to be hiring somebody as old as her.

Unknown Speaker  19:23
Okay, I'm related back. Let

Matthias Miller  19:30
me have

Speaker 1  19:33
to give me my 50s. Is she in her 50s? Because I really like I didn't get a good look. So I can't say, I would say something like that, okay, 50s, 40, late 40s, early 50s or late 50s, mid 50s,

Matthias Miller  19:52
I'm bad at gaging that.

Speaker 1  19:56
How did my. Oh, how old is your mom? My mother is. She's

Matthias Miller  20:06
in her 70s. Oh, wow.

Unknown Speaker  20:09
Really,

Matthias Miller  20:13
she will be 76 she is 76

Speaker 1  20:19
Wow. Okay, so she is she's not as old as your mom. Is she? Oh no, for sure, not. Is she as old as me? No. Okay, so she's got to be in her 50s or 40s. Yeah. Okay, and so, and this is always good to do. Matthias always what I love about God. Remember he finishes the thing and then he walks us through it, right? Remember he does the end, and then he brings us to where we are and we get to the end. What did you hear from God? What did you discern? Like go from there? What did you discern in Mindy to say, I need Mindy on my team.

Matthias Miller  21:15
From the beginning,

Unknown Speaker  21:16
Mm, hmm. From the beginning,

Matthias Miller  21:20
she's she's 47 by the way.

Unknown Speaker  21:24
Okay,

Matthias Miller  21:26
so, So originally we were looking for an EA, okay, but through talking with Tim, it became clear that we needed something more than that, okay? And so that's when I mentioned that you may be actually looking for somebody with more of a client or direct engagement with the clients, okay? And asked her if that would be something that would be of interest to her, okay? And she was still interested.

Matthias Miller  22:07
So the this really strong piece of it was the customer service piece.

Speaker 1  22:12
Okay, so your customer service person? Is that Tim, or is that Ian? It's Tim. So has Tim? Has she been, has she shadowed him in any customer service exchanges?

Matthias Miller  22:30
Yes, she has been starting to, as of this past week, she's been, I mean, yeah, she's been, well, yeah, some of the design, design pieces, there's not actually a lot of, like after deployment. There's not a lot of actual, you know, customers. Most of the customer engagement is early

Speaker 1  22:47
on, okay, okay. Because my my question would be, what other talent does she have? That's the question. I

Matthias Miller  23:06
besides what's evident here,

Speaker 1  23:07
right, what's evident here, like looking at your chain or now, here we go. How long has Mindy been with you? Has it been weeks? Has it been months?

Matthias Miller  23:22
Maybe getting on two months. Two months.

Speaker 1  23:25
Okay, have you asked her, What has she observed so far? And it could be anything. It could be the company, it could be you, it could be, I mean, just unlimited, like, what have you observed so far? Mindy, I'm curious to hear just, just talk to me. Just say, Mindy, talk to me. It's

Matthias Miller  23:44
only been a month. It feels longer I have asked her here and there. Part of it

Speaker 1  23:56
is that I got a question. Matthias, what do you do that Cindy could do? What are you currently doing that Mindy could do? That could be delegated to Mindy. You because You look you were thinking about an executive assistant, right? Yeah. Okay, and why? Why were you thinking that? Tell me why you would need why you needed that.

Matthias Miller  24:24
It was support with my email inbox, because Tim just simply didn't have time to manage that anymore.

Speaker 1  24:29
Okay. Who's managing it? Mindy is okay? What else? What was the other reason is that the only reason

Matthias Miller  24:43
we were anticipating, we were anticipating getting busier with some of the design mock ups that we do for our clients and

Unknown Speaker  24:51
and

Matthias Miller  24:59
I think. In my mind, there was a lot more that I could be handing off. Okay, it feels like I've shed a lot of things personally.

Speaker 1  25:09
Okay, what? What do you Okay, let's go to this. Let's go here. What do you need to shed? Forget what you love. Matthias, that's we're not asking, What do you love? We're asking, What do you need to shed? Does anything come to mind?

Matthias Miller  25:28
The biggest thing is, is payroll,

Speaker 1  25:31
okay? And so, okay, HR and payroll. So what? What goes on with HR? Because here's the thing is that is payroll something you're ready to turn over or, if not, that's understood. But with HR, is there anything you can turn over to Mindy? And

Unknown Speaker  26:00
that's that's something to think about.

Matthias Miller  26:03
So when it comes to payroll, there's, I've put some thought into this. If there's anybody, I don't know if I'm being overly stringent with this. Okay, my philosophy has been, well, okay, so let me back up. The first natural person to take it over is Heidi?

Unknown Speaker  26:21
Okay,

Matthias Miller  26:25
the main reason I've held back is partially because we really need to get some of our financials ironed

Speaker 1  26:33
out. Okay, so don't do it. You don't do it. You don't you don't let that out. You hold that close, and that's, that's a goal. You hold that close because that's wisdom. Matthias, yeah, yeah. Okay, and so you're, you're holding on to the payroll responsibility for a reason. It may not even be time to talk. You see what I'm saying. It may not be time, but what else can you free up? That's the question. You may not even have the answer right now. Okay, yeah, you, you may not, you may not, you may not even in your heart, like I can't think of anything, which is okay, but this is the thing you got to come up with. What those things are, because you've got the help now, sir. And again, the thing is, that's where you gotta be thinking. You gotta think there you gotta go to say, like you said, it's some things I need. What do I need to have? Heidi, I'm Mindy doing. And so in that, Matthias, some real thought has to go into that. God bless you, though. And so that's, that's one thing.

Matthias Miller  28:18
And part of that, what we're doing with her is let

Matthias Miller  28:27
me, is to

Matthias Miller  28:52
I mean, part of part of what she is shadowing me on is working on some of these client projects for her and Nathan to take more of that over, okay, but that's not a 30 day turnaround. That's a

Speaker 1  29:10
it's a longer term, okay, okay. And so how time consuming is that? Well,

Matthias Miller  29:19
currently they're just shadowing me, okay, which is fine to get started,

Unknown Speaker  29:24
okay, but the

Matthias Miller  29:29
client commitments are pretty time consuming

Speaker 1  29:31
at this point. Okay? And so when you when you're communicating with the clients, are you guys on Zoom calls? Yeah, okay, yeah, because of the guidance. So they're in those zoom calls, they're on those zoom calls. Okay, okay. Now my question is, after the calls, do you guys communicate?

Matthias Miller  29:58
We at some. Point, yes, okay,

Speaker 1  30:02
we're trying to do them back to back so that we can do them all in one block, okay, which we just started doing, okay, so that's something new. So what kind of feedback do you get from Mandy once she's been on one of those calls?

Matthias Miller  30:22
I'm honestly, most of what I get is I'm learning so much.

Speaker 1  30:29
Okay, okay, and are those calls recorded Matthias or how like it? Okay, the Zoom calls are recorded, right? Yeah. So if she needed to go back, would she be able to Okay? So my question is, now, Nathan, is he more comfortable with those calls? It's more down his alley.

Matthias Miller  30:55
I think it's more down his alley. He's got more of the technical skills. I think there's a lot more about the platform and things that are required that he needs to learn, but it's not the same, nowhere near the same level as it is for me.

Speaker 1  31:11
Okay? And so my question would be, Matthias. It started out as an executive assistant, which was more her fit, right? And then, and then it evolved into say again to me, what you guys needed? You needed more,

Matthias Miller  31:34
more of a design, I guess, a system designer,

Speaker 1  31:38
okay, a system designer, which, which is, this is the interesting piece, Matthias. You needed somebody who could be a customer service person, but you needed that system designer arm in there, right? Yeah, yeah. Okay. So, okay. So what are your thoughts? Honest thoughts, not, not don't fix it. What are your honest thoughts?

Matthias Miller  32:13
Well, I mean, my honest thoughts are, if that's what I need her for, what do I do with her the rest of the time, exactly,

Speaker 1  32:29
and, and that's the area that she's really learning in, right? Yeah, yeah. So with no grief, no grief because, because there's an answer, there's an answer, we're asking questions because there's an answer, yeah, and, and so when you look at, let's say everything on the table, my diet, and I was looking at the list of things that Tim was referring to, and yeah, his plate is huge. Yeah, when you talk to Tim, have you had a conversation with Tim saying, What can we use? What else can we use Mindy for?

Matthias Miller  33:17
We've talked about some of that. Testing. Might be an option, okay, but honestly, I don't think it's the right personality, and I don't think it's quite the level of attention to detail, okay, that I would want to see. Okay, somebody like, somebody like Heidi, I think would honestly do quite well in testing. But she's not a Heidi. She's too so Tim works because he has this task, and people

Unknown Speaker  33:55
balance okay,

Matthias Miller  33:59
but for her

Speaker 1  34:04
say that to me again. Matthias, what you just said about him.

Matthias Miller  34:09
He has a really unique task. And people balance,

Unknown Speaker  34:13
okay, he's got the he's the package,

Matthias Miller  34:17
yeah, and he can go back and forth from one to the other.

Speaker 1  34:21
Okay, and so excuse me, my throat is a little dry. So when, when we look at that, when we look at his ability for that, what has been his comments about Mindy? Like, does he ever say, Well, I think I just need to teach her this or show her this or like, does he ever have a conversation with you?

Matthias Miller  34:56
Well, I mean, we've, we've had some conversation about not. And not adhering to the systems we've put in place, and not not being as structured as we're not, as not having the attention to detail that we would like to see.

Speaker 1  35:19
Okay, so you want that. You want more attention to detail. Yes, okay, and so, where is it lacking? Can you pinpoint where

Matthias Miller  35:35
there are? There have been, there have been a few. There have been a few situations. One, that I addressed in how we approach the email inbox. Okay, and here's one of those things where it's like, I don't know, did I just not make it clear? Or like, where is the disconnect? Or is she just so overwhelmed? Okay, everything.

Unknown Speaker  36:04
Okay.

Speaker 1  36:11
So has a conversation been had with Mindy, for example, like, what are you comfortable with right now? Were you uncomfortable with because what happens Matthias, somebody could be thinking, and sometimes they're like, Oh, is it a bad thing that I'm not getting this and I'm laughing, because that's human nature. Instead of helping me, you're thinking, you're thinking, and I feel like you're thinking, but I don't know, because you haven't said anything. So my question would be the check ins with Mindy. Now, is it only up to Tim to check in with her, or is it, what does that look like for her, from you or either Tim? What does that look like the check in,

Matthias Miller  37:04
well, and here's a little bit of the thing. This is another problem that I have not known quite how to address, because in some ways she works for me, in some ways she works for Tim, but I don't see a problem with me dropping in and checking,

Speaker 1  37:21
checking, okay? Because Matthias, for example, we know Tim has that healthy balance of people and the technical side, yet, like you, Matthias, remember, there's only one YOU, right? Yeah, and so what? And we're we're brainstorming. We're brainstorming. So when, when we look at the fact that she works for both of you, and there's some things that you're thinking about, or some thoughts here having so here's the thing, it's important for you to address what you're seeing. You see what I'm Yeah, yeah. And not, it's all of us. No, it's me and you Mindy. So tell me what, what's making your heart sing and make you think, Oh my God. You know what's your Oh, my God, and what's making your heart sing? Because in there, Matthias, she's free to tell you, like, if you know there's not an audience, it's you. And her having this conversation and saying, what? Tell me, what, what, what, any challenge, like, what's the chance? And she may go on about the technical stuff, and then say, okay, and and then she she, she may say, well, and then she may say, Well, there's nothing else you say, are they? Are you sure? Because I really want to hear I'm here because I want to hear you see what I'm saying. Because people from wherever they come from, Matthias, your culture is not status quo, yeah, so it's an adjustment. It's a culture shock, number one, to people that are used to being on a treadmill, used to somebody looking breathing down their neck, or, you know how how systems are set up in certain organizations. And so that would be my question, like, Where, where is she coming from, and what, like this heart to heart, you see what I'm saying about that says you're really good at that, and it's just you and her. I

Unknown Speaker  39:44
What are your thoughts

Matthias Miller  39:47
like for her? Is that like, let me not, this is too good to be true. Let me not make any waves so that nothing happened. There you go. There you go. And I. And I want her to make waves, because if she doesn't, I don't know where she's at, and I can't help her.

Speaker 1  40:05
And you got it? Matthias, this is on recording. Would you please say it the way you're saying it?

Unknown Speaker  40:15
That's the good truth. And you say that to her, yeah, you see what I'm saying, Matthias. It's just like,

Speaker 1  40:29
I'll use that as an example in our conversations. I'm listening, I'm listening, I'm listening, listen, listen. I'm like, Okay, God, I'm listening. I'm learning Matthias. I'm learning Matthias. And then at one point, God's like, I don't care how well you think you know, but don't know if this what you need. It's the shotgun up your nose or the foot in your back. Like, hey, there's no way for me to put this shotgun in your nose, or just about to stick it in your dog.

Matthias Miller  41:00
Yeah, yeah, yeah. So

Speaker 1  41:05
to her, yeah, yeah. We're building, we're building a team, and and I, and I'm really excited about everybody's assets, and so what am I missing? Mindy, tell me what I'm missing. I'm telling you. Matthias, you'll be shocked at what she said. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  41:31
I really think it's this thing of like, I've been learning with other people how to extract it, but it's like, it is kind of like that, like there's a shell around her where it's like, it's all good, it's all good, yeah, and it's not all good. And I know it's not, but I don't know how to

Speaker 1  41:48
But guess what? Matthias, if you don't have to know, you just say, Listen, tell me the truth. Mandy, that's all you gotta do. She gonna laugh. She don't say, Matthias, what are you talking about? I want the truth because, you know, I'm Matthias. That's real conversation. There's no and facades don't work for anybody.

Matthias Miller  42:12
Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  42:17
They don't work. They're dysfunctional. Societies are dysfunctional. So true. Yeah, it's the real deal. And so I'm asking you 50,000 questions. You know why I'm asking you 6000 questions? Because I want an answer. Yeah, and I'm gonna keep asking you and asking you. You know it's Mikey poking you and poking you and poking and he'd be like, Okay, this is what's going this is real. This is real. Matthias, yeah, nothing to lose here. Everything again. And you said that to her. Yeah. Do and watch what comes out, which is really gonna bless you. It's really gonna bless you because the treasure, the treasure, God bless you. Valerie, the treasure is in earthen vessels. The treasure. The treasure is an earthen vessel. Matthias, God bless you both. So you gotta get to the treasure, son,

Matthias Miller  43:29
yeah, yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  43:35
and there's no rules. There's no rules. Matthias, the discernment is, is on 29 so, okay, you, you know, again, it's God's prerogative to hide the thing, but we have to find it, yeah? And he's put it in us to find it, and he's guiding us and leading us, yeah, yeah, yeah. So when you get to the core of that, you're going to see something different. I can look at a walnut all day, but until I crack it, what do I get? I get a shell Matthias, yeah, yeah, but when I crack it open, I figured I need a nutcracker. I need this kind of Nutcracker and open everything. Whoa, all that treasure is inside and so there's treasure in Mindy, something about her drew you. Yeah, for cold house, yeah, and you want to know what that is. You want to know what that is, yeah. And again, that is okay. It's you know, like, you know, when I think about systems, you said. Systems are for people, yeah, yeah, not people persist. And so that's true to your word, yeah,

Speaker 1  45:21
and it's all good. It's all good, see, because until you dive in and find out you don't know, yeah, yeah, yeah, and you're the leader, you're the leader. Yep. Yeah. And again, you know, I got 50,000 analogies. Think about the kids. When you say, Okay, you two aren't doing well, we're gonna move you. And then half the time, you don't even know what you're doing. Matthias, you just know I need to move you. I need to put you on that side of the room, or in that room, or you play with that, and you just start directing traffic. And then I believe your sensitivity is on the money Matthias, so you know, you don't have to second guess yourself the way you said it is the way you say it. Yeah, yeah. I want you to make way. Come on. Come on. What wave would you make? And what you've seen thus far, ask her from what you tell me, tell me your and I don't want to hear it's a lot to learn. I need to know. I need to hear something else. You can stop her in her tracks and say, No, I don't want to hear that. What else? And she's gonna lay out, what are you talking about? I don't know. Well, tell me just what's on right now. Like, what are you thinking about? Tell me what's on your mind.

Speaker 1  46:56
Yeah, because everybody that you have are the first fruits of many and and what I love about God, he dropped a bomb on me today. He said, Let him know something big is about to happen. And so the interesting thing is, Okay, God, something big is about to happen. Something is breaking. That's all God's if that's all you giving me, God, then you need to tell me how to prepare with this big thing. You see what I'm saying, it's some questions. We're not gonna get answers too, but I promise you, I can ask some questions and I'm gonna get some hints and some cues. So how do we how do we prepare? Then he's gonna start spilling his gut, because that's what he loves. He loves when we get in prison. How do how? What do you want to say to mending father? What do I say to her and what he tell you to say? You write it down, and that's what you say. Yeah, yeah, because those are your nugget moments. And I'm not and I'm not fussing at you. I'm just, yeah, yeah, yeah. So you, you're on a path Matthias, no going back. You're on full speed ahead, and God is pleased with where you are. Yeah. Yeah, so we don't backtrack. We said, God, give me more info. Tell me. Tell me. What do I ask Mandy? What do I utilize Mindy for? Because, again, he knows every single one of our designs, just like that whole intro, with within. So you know, what are your thoughts? Bam, open them up. Like Canaan. Could be one word. It could be two words,

Matthias Miller  48:55
cool. Well, I gotta drop off,

Speaker 1  48:58
okay, no problem. All right, we'll talk as we go.

Matthias Miller  49:01
All right, sounds good, okay,

Unknown Speaker  49:05
okay, have a good night.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai