Matthias Miller  00:01
You. Where do you want building up? Well, let me tell you everything that's been happening again. So where to even start? Oh, my goodness, it's always this problem. Um,

Unknown Speaker  00:18
that's a great problem to have.

Matthias Miller  00:20
It's a great problem to have. Oh, my goodness, all right, so as I said, the message, as I said, the message I sent, working on branding right now and like, yeah, really confirmation to do away with Out with the old and in with the new. And so that's been good, and I've been working with John fanter as well through some of this process, which has been tremendously helpful.

Unknown Speaker  00:55
And

Matthias Miller  00:58
then, if that's not enough, my brother has asked me to spearhead a very similar type of effort for his business, clarifying towards the people he's working, working towards. So it's kind of crazy that we've got these, I got this trifecta. But it's really it's really cool. We

Matthias Miller  01:30
have a client that's been challenging to work with, and they are making a decision on whether they want to continue with us or whether they want to go with somebody else, which either way is good, because either we have to reset the relationship or it's just not working. Yeah, and the same day they gave us that news, like later that same day, one of our existing clients reached out and asked and mentioned something, an interest in a very similar type of project that we had done for them, so done for this client that's maybe going, Maybe going off somewhere else. Okay?

Unknown Speaker  02:20
And what else it was

Unknown Speaker  02:29
we've had,

Matthias Miller  02:35
yeah, with all of this, I'm booked out. My time is booked out about two months now, and we've got a Yeah, close to Yeah, two months now, and we've got another client that's coming back to us for another major project, which could will easily take us into November, December. So, and I've been doing, I've been doing some organic Facebook marketing and different Facebook groups. I've got a Facebook post that has been getting a lot of engagement. So we started with 70 comments. I went back and replied, and friend requested a bunch of people and got a bunch of new Facebook friends to start conversing with. And the comments were 100 last night when I went to bed, and 144 this morning when I woke up. And I still haven't had to go back and like respond, but I've been hearing from other people that it's unusual for for people to get that good response right out of the gate with some Facebook types of stuff. And I think there's a lot of hats off to spending so much time around Terry and tribe. It's definitely helped, yeah, yeah, I don't know, honestly, like, I have had this, and then here I am today. I have the, I have all these thoughts, like, here's this other Yeah? Anyway, there's so much stuff going on. Like, we have to the guy hired full time. He's been helping with some kind of executive assistant types of stuff, but he doesn't have time for that anymore, so I want to find somebody local to either, I think I have a person for that, but you know, looking to either hire a either hire directly or hire through. There's a friend of mine that does, has some, does book working, book bookkeeping stuff, and has is building up a team with that. And I just have 101 things that are, it's like, it's time to time to bring closure to a lot of these open projects. Yeah. Um, and all of that stuff, and it's just time. It's just like, I have so much to do, and it's good, and I'm grateful, and I'm just like,

Unknown Speaker  05:09
Lord, help me know

Matthias Miller  05:14
how to manage all of this stuff.

Speaker 1  05:15
Yeah, and, and that's exciting, and I'm so grateful that you're in this place, Matthias, because you have the capacity, and it's about putting yourself. How much time a day do you commit to your businesses, for your to your function, to what you're capable, how much I need? That's a question that don't have to be answered now, because when you organize Matthias, everything else will be organized. And that's easy, because you can look at yourself and say, I need to do more of this. I need to do less of that, because you're in a production season, dear, yeah, yeah. And seasons change. And so it may start with having a conversation with your wife and saying, Dear, I don't know how up to date she is on things, but women have this beautiful capacity for insight, and so when you collect the form of Everything that's happening, I mean, really pulling it together, more or less pulling together a presentation for your wife. And I don't know if you've had time to do that, because she is your right arm, yeah, your right leg, your right eye, your right ear, your right hand, yeah. And so when we, when we start at home, everything else is, is dessert, because your world, the reason why you do, you're doing and you're you're focusing on, what you're focusing on is for your family. That's what it's all about. All roads lead back to home. And so when, when, when God places increase on us and acceleration, think about Abraham. And we always can go back to the word with Abraham. He said, Get your family and start walking. He didn't say, Abraham, you know he he didn't leave his family. Yeah. He got the the whole caravan again, anybody that had anything to do with his livelihood. Now, nephew was not invited. That was his night. Nephew was not invited, and nephew was a nightmare down the road. Yeah, and so all I'm hearing, I promise you, Matthias, God is screaming at me, and this and this is not that you're doing this. He's screaming this at me, because this is a very critical, important part of you that there's a book called if mama ain't happy, ain't nobody happy? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And she's your anchor, okay? Because these people, all of this engagement and wonderful doors and opportunities and beautiful effectiveness is null if things fall apart at home.

Matthias Miller  09:03
Yeah, it's true.

Speaker 1  09:05
So this is just a reminder, not a warning, just a reminder that the way you prep, okay, I'm going to talk to VIV today, because I need to be very selective and and clear on what's going on so she can pray, so VIV can give me insight, so she can speak what God is saying concerning these things your wife, she's, oh, my God, is she critical? She is so critical Matthias, because I remember being in the Navy and we had our captain, and then, well, we had our commander, and then we had our captain, and when we related to the captain, it was like relating to the commander, because they were so unified. Okay, so. So Unity must remain in your household, with you and her. Now the kids, they they're developmentally where they are and they are, but that unity between you and your wife is critical, because God is ready to blow you up. Matthias, but will it be to not if home, if house, marriage? Yeah, so every advance, every time God expands, you Matthias And yes, things, things, they ebb and they flow, and that, that business, that's life, yet she is your right hand, right arm, right leg. So if you walk around here with one lady, you're not going to get very far,

Speaker 1  10:52
no matter how many doors open. So I want that in the forefront of your mind. I need to update my wife. I need to hear her answer. And I'm not saying ambush her, because she has her role and her desires in life and the call in her life, in in who she is, yet at the same time, she's called to serve you, dear. And what you love, and so get the rain in your hand of what God is blessing you with. Lord, how do I share this with my my wife, how? Because she doesn't have set the desk and take calls and write any any plans for anything. But guess what? You gotta look at her in the morning. You gotta look at her when you go to bed at night, yep, and as you come and go. And so anybody that need to be pleased and excited along with you is her. So help me, God, to share with her where I'm not overwhelming her so she can cheer me on. Okay? Because everything else. It's a given. It's definitely you're you're in season. It's just like we have a peach tree in our backyard, in the heart of the city, Matthias, and that thing was so fruitful this year because nobody it wasn't tampered with, wasn't touched, because everybody is in isolation. And bad thing, oh my goodness, the massive quality of the peaches that grow on that tree this year. And we couldn't enjoy one because I didn't remember was out there, Matthias, and by the time I got out there. They was on the tree too long. But I Val and I, we were emptying garbage, and I said, Wow. I said, Oh my god, I totally forgot about the peach tree. You know that my landlord has planted, and Valerie says he was amazed, like a peach tree. You know? How do they get in the house? Well, this is how to get there. They grow on a tree. So it was so powerful his response. And he was in awe of this peach tree. And I said, Now we should have been out here picking peaches, you know, because you think about 1000 things you could do. And I totally forgot about the peach tree. So Matthias, we only were able to get two. And I brought them in, and I said, Okay, Val we're going to put them on the Windows still for couple of days. And all you talk about the list, but we miss the harvest. Yeah, the harvest is for our enjoyment. Matthias for you and your household enjoyment. Okay, yeah, so we're not, we're not putting a burden on you. This is your burden. And so as you collect yourself, as you pull it together, as you said, God show me as you organize. And I'm saying this furiously, Matthias, as you sit with what God has given you. And let him say more. Let him say more. Sit with it. Okay, you know, if you don't do anything but get a poster board and sit and and in pencil, put things where they they're collectively together and where they're separated. Prioritize them. Matthias, so you can see, yeah, the all encompassed picture. Mm. Yeah, I do my best hearing number one, and when I've gotten some rest Matthias, and number two, when I sit with what God has given me, does he forever showing us for think the thing is forever evolving. You know, you don't stay 21 forever, you don't say 27 forever, you don't say say 29 forever, you don't stay two forever. I'm Bruce Shayla Baba. So you in the center of God's evolution. Matthias, however, it's the evolution for Matthias and his household,

Speaker 1  15:50
and even if it means you're making an appointment with it there, I need to make an appointment with you, because I just want to update you on how God is blessing us. You see what I'm saying, Matthias, who wouldn't want to carve out sometimes say, Whoa, I need to get with my husband, because God is blessing us, you know, because that's what her prayer is about. Yeah, and she needs to know that her prayers are being answered. Yeah. Before the peak season is over, yeah. What are your thoughts about? What do you think of? What, what I need to hear from you?

Matthias Miller  16:39
We know that's really good. I need to, sorry. I need to, let's see.

Matthias Miller  17:02
So two things come to mind. One is, one is just when it's, this is like, very timely, because there is, there is all of a sudden, all this stuff, and it's, it's not a surprise in some ways, because God's been nudging me about, you know, you need some help here. You need to get some of these things in order. You need to, you need more support. But then now it's kind of here, and it's time to kick that into action, and, and, and that's on the practical front, just to just so that I have that space to continue getting the attention that I have been giving to my wife. Then what you're saying here is also really good. And just two practical thoughts is like seeing if, if we can have somebody come over and stay with the kids during that time Monday afternoon, so we can get out. Yeah, and plus, we're maybe, maybe doing a family day on Saturday with some time on the road, and that could give us some time to chat to as well. Yeah, the other thing, but I think one of the big challenges with this is like

Matthias Miller  18:21
there's this tension between, you know, I make a very strong effort not to, well, there have been two things I've done. One is I've started work an hour earlier so that I could get off work an hour earlier, so that, I mean, this is my decision to get off work an hour earlier whatever. I mean, I just stopped when it's time, when I stop, but instead of doing a morning workout by myself, that I could do something with our son, or something like that, going to bike ride or something like that.

Unknown Speaker  18:52
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  18:55
and that's been she really loves that, and I've been trying to take off work on weekends. I guess what I'm trying to say here is, like, it's like, I have to find my rhythm in this, because temptation is, like, Saturday, if I could just bring closure to all of this stuff, like, all this mess that I have, it would feel like a big reset. But like, I don't know how to sometimes it feels well,

Speaker 1  19:26
I'll say this. I'll say this. Matthias, your work ethics are ferocious. So number one, there's no guilt in saying I got to make sure my house is in order in the midst of all of this, and I'll give you the perfect example, Matthias, I fail. I fell here in my house. I was reaching for my laptop, and my foot got caught under one of my living room chair, and I went down, and there's valor looking at me, and he's extremely, very like I'm. See, are you okay? Are you okay? And I was just in shock because I didn't see myself falling. Matthias, but then I'm like, Oh Lord, this is the last thing I need. But I also knew I needed to make sure he wasn't afraid, because that that foot was so swollen, Matthias I couldn't walk on and I got up, and then I knew I was like, Okay, this first and foremost, you gotta secure the fact that Dallas saw you fall. He's worried. You've got worry in his eyes. You gotta make sure you assure him I'm okay. Valerie, I'm okay to the degree. I live in a two flat so I'm on the second floor. Matthias, I had to sit on the step and scoot down one step at a time to get him to his mother. And what he did, just like a little baby duck, he took one step, turned around, are you okay, auntie, all the way down to the to the last step. I never want him to lose that compassion. Yeah, he would not move to the next step without me. Matthias, if that's not a visual and he's, you just made four a few weeks ago, but God, put that in him. Matthias, yeah, he didn't ignore me. He dropped everything and came where I was, and he sat on the chair that tripped me, and he looked me eyeball to eyeball with the most innocent faith, and he said, Auntie, are you okay? And I was in excruciating pain. And I said, Yes, so I'm fine. I'm gonna be okay. He couldn't lift me off the floor. There was nothing. He was helpless. But what he had, he utilized, and so what you have in your relationship with your wife and your children, you don't sacrifice that for nobody. So yeah, and when I tell you, so I told his mom, when I get when I handed him over to her, I said, Dear, as I am not going to be able to keep him for the next two days, and she knew there will be nobody else that she could take him to without him saying, Where is Auntie? Where is Auntie? Where is Auntie? So she took those two days off of work, and the whole time he was home with her. I want to go to Auntie pal, because he needed to know that I was okay. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  22:57
four, four years old, and some days only God can put that in the heart as a human being, Matthias,

Speaker 1  23:09
and that love that you have for your wife and your children, God put that there, and that gets sacrificed for nothing. So there's a great reward in that. And so through what I just experienced, and he's here today, and he sound asleep now, I didn't have to tell him, because he has peace like I see auntie, she's moving. And every remedy everybody gave me, I utilized it, including Everybody I talked to, they prayed for me like VIV you cannot, you cannot, not be able to to use that foot, because it's my driving foot, Madonna. But this thing is healed. It's just a little tender, you know, but I it can take pressure on it. Nothing's broken. It's going down, but it takes time. And that's everything in life. It takes time, yeah, and so to have the foundation, the structure and the power that you want in your house, it's going to take time. Matthias, and nothing deserves that time. And so you heard from God, get up early and get home early, get back into the flow of the family, because you are raising leaders. Matthias, if you are never at home, they will never be at home. If you guys don't have time together, carving out family time, they will not because they are taking their cue from you. That's your wife and your children. Yeah. Yeah, these blessings are about them. And so when you partner with her in whatever is appropriate, Matthias, no, she know I had need to know every dot, every tittle, but you structure it, you say, babe. So can we talk about the business right now, getting her permission, because you know what that's saying. There may be something you want to talk to me about. So can you tell me what part of our day or what I'm telling you? Matthias, and when you do that, she when she prayed for you, man, God's going to multiply, quadruple and accelerate everything you do. This is happening because of her and those children and her prayers.

Unknown Speaker  25:59
Yeah, yeah. And she needs to know about the fruit of her labor, yeah.

Speaker 1  26:08
Mm, hmm. And watch what God does for you, because I'm telling you, Matthias, the most inconvenient of my life is watching this little four year old boy. I could be on the other side of the world right now, but this little life is so precious to God. He's like this. I know you don't have the time. I know you don't want to make the time, but I need you to make the time because he's being preserved according to his design. Matthias, I can't get any credit for who he is, but I can co labor with God and make sure he comes to maturity. You see what I'm saying? Yeah, I do. Oh, yeah, because that's your goal, that everything God puts in your hand, but diabetic come to maturity, but he put that wife and those children in your hands, and he trusts you, and I guarantee You, they are his first priority, if you ask, yeah,

Matthias Miller  27:27
oh yeah, there's, I want to jump. I want to jump in here a little bit. This is like, this is jumping back a little bit to the work thing. But it's also ties in here. See if I can put all these pieces together. But one of the big shifts too is superior. Talks about being a proposition simplifier versus a price simplifier, like this is the whole thing, of like, part of the whole process of September and the rebirth thing too is like getting to be a proposition simplifier, which is like, let's create experiences for people. Let's not just compete on the lowest dollar. And so there's this whole shift there. And one of the things that's coming up as part of this is one of the clients we've had trouble with is, I've, I'm realizing now, as you're talking is that they have a skewed perspective of time, and they're not willing to put in like, like,

Unknown Speaker  28:22
I've, I've, I've

Matthias Miller  28:24
really wrestled with the fact of I like everything fast, but then I also wrestle with clients who want everything fast, and I don't know how to describe it, it feels like this client has a really skewed time, like they're on The Wrong time frame. I don't know. They're not willing to put in the time to nurture the things that need to be because they get the results that they want. And and so like, if I can tie all this stuff together and put it into kind of a bigger picture, I think there's this same the same lesson think I'm seeing reflected in them, the same lesson that I need to be learning as well, which translates to to my wife and kids, is learning to learning to slow down time, to match the maturing process, and then, and and, like, I don't even know

Speaker 1  29:34
how to say, but you're on the right path there, at least. You know that's gotta happen. There are always things that God allows us to be privy to. And I'm thinking, I'm not there yet, but I love that about God, because He's God of yesterday, today and tomorrow. He's the one that always has that panoramic view. Mm. Always Matthias, so when he plants something in our heart, you know, I gotta, you know, I gotta look at Saturday. I gotta see what we have. Gonna gotta watch my wife. I gotta make sure she's not tired. I gotta see what she loves. I gotta watch her and see what I'm doing, right? And I gotta watch her and see where there might be a challenge because you're studying her Matthias, just like your clients. Yeah, and you gotta be successful with that partnership, even the more it's all a juggling act, all a juggling act, like every 24 hours is a juggling act. Matthias, this little boy came in with a whole PJ Mask kit every single one of the characters. I'm like, oh brother. So I know this stuff is going to be everywhere, and then he's going to want to pack it up. It's got to fit perfectly in the little spaces of the package that came in, because that's his way. And so while he sleeps, I'm collecting all his little people, and then he's going to help them fit into the little spaces. I may have to go online, pull this 17 piece kid up to look at the picture and say, okay, Val, put him over there. Do you see what I have to go through? He's a client, dear, yeah, yeah. And I don't want him screaming and yelling his brains out at me or his mother, because that's his way of dealing with challenge at four. So it's like he'll look at me and say, auntie, it doesn't fit. And you know what I'll do, go to my phone and say, Valerie, look at this picture and go over there and put everybody you see. Is that not wisdom? Yes, because I'm not going to try to fix fit these characters. So I'm going to go online, look up the 17 piece PJ Mask set and take a, you know, snap a picture. And when he went, and he's looking for this little sword, and he's looking for this little Periscope, and, no, you had it last, I don't have to find it. You need to figure it out, because I asked you to keep them all together. So you better know, the next time he bring that kid over here, he's going to know, let me keep all of them over here, because Auntie's not looking. I'm training him where he is at four. I'm not waiting for him to be 17 to train him to die. This is where they learn all that they're going to ever know in life these primary years. And think about where your clients are developing. Developmentally. Are they primary? Are they middle? Are they upper? Are they advanced? Put these people in categories and serve them accordingly. Matthias, everybody in my life belong in a category. No, I don't sit down and fret over you're a beginner. You're no, no, I say, Okay, this is what I know about Matthias. And I'm praying, and I'm saying, God, I need to be Oh, yeah, that's always Matthias, because God is past, present and future, always, yeah, what are you grooming your sons for? What are you grooming your your sons? What are you grooming your daughters for? Matthias, and all roads lead to that. I'm I'm raising up a king, I'm raising up a governor. I'm raising a statesman. I'm raising an international tradesman. Come on, Matthias, this little human being has been placed in my hands by the potter, and he's going to be everything God intended him to be. Yeah, because I'm cooperating with God, my guys, you're cooperating with God to be the best husband in the earth to your wife, you're cooperating. He already got a plane. You're just the CO laborer. You them. Plan is in place. The plan is in place. When people sign an agreement, a contract, it's in place, sir. So now you manage what God gave you, not what you've given God. God you gave me this partnership. What did you want me to do with it? Boom, boom, boom, like a river, just you're right in the thicket now, and he's saying yes, and this is, this is how I want this time this. And that's what you do. You sit with him and you sit with it, and you hear and you write. And you hear and you record and you capture it as best you know how, and then you implement it, sir, your job is to execute it. Execute, what a great husband is. Execute what a great father is. Execute what a quality partnership is, what quality services. That's you that you don't have to think about that Matthias, because I looked at you and I said, Are you? Because I promise you, I thought it was looking at an officer. I was like, let me check and see who this prominent man is. So that is the grace of God on you, Matthias, and now you're growing into it. Man. You're Warren Buffett Jr, if that could give you vigil. He don't miss dinner. It doesn't matter where he is in the world. He's at his table at dinner time you

Unknown Speaker  36:09
Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  36:13
And I think, I guess I missed the piece. Here's, here's the piece that I missed early on. You're talking about sitting with what God has given, given me. I think, you know, I mean the question that's like, in my mind, that's like, that's the piece that sets everything else in motion with my wife and, yeah, and that means, I think even if I have to turn that into something practical, that's like, that's like, as an example, going to the Royal Gorge for a hike and and just using that time to walk and think and pray and process and listen and the creating, creating spaces like that, that that are built for that question, yeah,

Speaker 1  37:12
and you got to do it Matthias, because otherwise your bottom is going to fall out. Certain that's any of them. When I tell you, Matthias God is consistently talking to me about everything he's given me responsibility for. And I listen and I take notes, and I got to share something else with you, some very dear friends of mine that I've known since 1993 their son was murdered Wednesday, and while he was yet in a pool of blood. I'm gonna send you a picture of this family while he was yet in a pool of blood some of our other friends that had gotten there, when, when, when his wife and him got the call. It was maybe two streets from his house where he was murdered, Matthias, because he was dropping his kids off to his fiance, and then he was going to come back to his mom and dad's house, and his fiance was in their neighborhood, and when he dropped the kids off, and he was getting ready to get in his car, somebody he knew, like, I called him to a van, and they killed him and brought in broad daylight. This was Wednesday, I'm gonna I gotta send you this picture. Because our hearts are broken, and he has just owed to his fiance last year, and we're all crushed. And so I spent the day with them yesterday, and it, you know, it was probably like it was 22 of us that got ordained together, and all of us were there, and some of them were flying in some, you know, places they had been, and they left the airport and came straight to their home. And it's like, you know, I when, when his wife, my sister in the Lord is the young man in the white shirt, when you did it, when he had three sons and one daughter, and the one in the pink shirt is the eldest son. The one in the white shirt is the one that was murdered, and the one in the black shirt is the baby boy. He's the youngest of the entire family. And and this one in the white shirt I you know. I was with his mom when she was pregnant with him, and I was, you know, I saw him take his first walk, and, you know, and he was 28 he was 28 they just celebrated his dad's birthday this weekend. So, this weekend. So what a birthday present? Matthias, no kidding, and he was so happy. He was engaged to a woman that had five children, and he had three of his own, and those five children are the only father these children have ever known. And I think the eldest of her five, I think, is 12 years old. And so when they murdered him, Matthias, he had just dropped them off, because he had just had her five and his three at Kathy and will that Kathy and William Moore house for them to see them, because they were all getting ready to get, you know, his three live in Tennessee, so they were all getting ready to be sent back to Tennessee, his three and then her side, he was taking them back to her. And after he took them into the house and came out, and whoever, we don't know who it was, you know, called him to the van and they killed him, and the children ran back out because they heard the gunshot the children and their mom and they found him in a pool of blood, and ran to Kathy and Will's house and said, Quentin has just been shot. And so Catherine and William run out the house to get to him, and he's dead. And so she gets three of our closest friends on the phone who live in the same community, and they got there and saw him in this pool of blood, and told her, we have to get you home. Her and him, you gotta go home, and we'll wait for the coroner. And so when they called me, he's still there dead in the streets, them waiting on the coroner to tell me that Quentin is dead. And so I couldn't get to them because I had hurt my foot that early, like the day before. And, you know, they just, you know, because then I did. I said, I can't, I said, because I can't even walk. So that, that, that, that's, that's, that's a 24 hour life. Your whole life has changed, yeah, yeah, and so and I. And the reason I'm sharing this with you is because it's extremely important he left the quote, unquote pulpit, microphone ministry to raise his son well.

Speaker 1  43:09
They were coming of age where he needed to be at home to his children. So that's why we're having this conversation there, because they only had 28 years with him, wow. And so to show you the power of God, Matthias, he's really driving something home to you that's already in your heart, that's already in your DNA. But he's driving it home for a reason, Matthias, because Quentin, after they celebrate, it was Quentin. It was their daughter, Deborah, and it was Kathy and will, because the other son, he lives, I believe, in Aurora, the one in the pink shirt, and then Jeremiah, his job, he wasn't able, for whatever reason, his job, he wasn't able to be with his dad for his birthday, but the only son that was able to be with him birth for his birthday was was the son that was about to be murdered. Wow. And they took the most beautiful pictures, and I'm telling you how we found out, because the daughter for her mom's birthday, she bought her an electronic frame, picture frame where anybody there's a website they could send pictures, and the pictures will show up in her mom's frame. And so Quinton goes home after they celebrate his dad's birthday and downloads all these pictures to her picture frame because she had never seen and we didn't see them. She saw for the first time yesterday, Matthias, because she wanted me to see this beautiful electronic picture frame, so she went and got it as a bunch of us, I gotta show you guys what Deborah bought me they see. For my birthday present, and she brought it out, and here pops up all these beautiful pictures of Quentin and his family that she had never before. Wow, that's crazy Matthias, and we were in awe. She said, When did he do this? She said, obviously, after he left dinner with will and and Deborah and I, he went home and downloaded these pictures. Wow, that's crazy. Matthias, that's why we have to do what God tell us to do. Dear,

Matthias Miller  45:42
yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  45:49
wow, yeah. And so you know his three are three years old, seven years old and nine years old. And when they told his seven year old that, you know, that their dad had died, and he said, Well, how did he die? And they said, Somebody killed him. And he said, Well, why did they kill him? And we have no idea. And then they explained, you know, we don't know yet. And then they then he said, Well, where is he? And they said, Well, he's in heaven because he's a Christian, yeah. And then, you know, he's looking in like, Okay, I don't know what that is, but I'm going to trust you. And you know, so all of that's got to be sorted out. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And so that's so, so big in my heart right now Matthias, because that was his last his father's birthday was his father's last birthday with him. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And we don't know. Matthias, we just don't know. And so when something's weighing on your heart, you got to do it when it comes to them, okay, yeah. And everything else has got to fit into your world with them. Matthias, they are not fitting into this world of being an entrepreneur, because his dad is an entrepreneur.

Speaker 1  47:52
But all of all of these moving parts have to fit in your world, your first world, which is them. They're not to be fitted into. How many worlds God gives you? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So he's faithful. He's faithful. Matthias, He's faithful. When we can't take his faithfulness, sometimes he's so faithful it overwhelms us. And the reason I'm so adamant about children because this same child, Quentin, in this one shirt, we were at a church picnic, and he was about three or four, and Quentin loved to run. He was super, super, super, super physical, you know, just love to climb, love to run, love to flip to and we're at this picnic, and Kathy looked up. She says, oh my god, oh my god, where's my baby. Where's my baby. And he's he was in between two parked cars, and one was up on a slope. We're at the church picnic. So she goes one, because you know when you call me thinks you're playing and you want to run. So she thinks, and Clinton, so he thinks it's, you know, I'm gonna jet off. And he's running. He's running. And he runs between these two parked cars, and they're on the floor. And the crazy thing is, this station wagon started rolling backwards a Park Station. His mother got to that car and held it keep it from running him over. Wow. Satan is relentless. Matthias, the same baby he. Would have been crushed by a part she held that station wagon until the man got to her. Yeah, and that's the strength and the beauty of a mother. Yeah, she will take a bullet for her children. Yeah.

Speaker 1  50:29
The timing of God is perfect. Matthias And he knew this season in your life was coming. He knew this growth, this increase, this acceleration, this excitement was coming there. And at the same time, God has a plan for everything to be according to the design of who you and your wife are, Matthias, he's not going to do it beyond what who the two of you are, yeah, and what you're probably he's not going to do it, yeah, and you can do it, because that's who you are, that's who we see. But you stick with God like glue and say, Father, I gotta manage my house. I gotta manage these business Yeah, I gotta finish these business relationships. And God is able Matthias, because we are the image and the likeness of who he is. And if he's running the whole day gone world, then you can run a family. Okay, so when you get through talking about our hearts,

Speaker 1  51:52
and so here it is. Eight babies are orphans that don't have a father that took them to every gang that took them to anything that was important to them, because that's what his father did. Matthias, yeah,

Speaker 1  52:18
you're the one caring for the orphan. So for sure, there will be a grace beyond what we can understand on your ability Matthias, because God said true religion is taking care of the widows and the orphans in the book of James, he said, you want to see pure religion, take care of the widows and take care of the oil. His Grace has got to rest upon you. He's got to increase you. He's got to prosper you, because you have his heart. That is where God's heart is.

Speaker 1  53:07
Everything you put forth concerning these people that desperately need intervention. God is not winking at that. Matthias, he's setting things up. He's ordaining your steps. He's shifting people in places and positions, because You must rule, because you have God's heart. Wow.

Unknown Speaker  54:03
So what are your thoughts?

Matthias Miller  54:10
I don't know that I have a lot of thoughts. I mean, I don't even I

Matthias Miller  54:37
I'm this is good, realignment, like just this is good. I mean, I.

Matthias Miller  55:02
Yeah, like my,

Matthias Miller  55:13
yeah, what you know, I think, I think it's, it's easy to I

Matthias Miller  55:25
we look at people who do hard things, and we were like, yeah, look at them. They do hard things. I think sometimes the hard thing is taking off it. I mean, for me, it's been this week, it's been taking off at four o'clock. My time, Mountain Time. Moment.

Matthias Miller  55:48
And there is this, this

Matthias Miller  55:57
is random, like, this is my ADD brain going. But like, I had a colleague call me yesterday with a question, and her boyfriend was in town, is in town visiting, and he's been looking for extra work, and may actually be a potential contact for projects that we're working on. I don't even know it's like, what is my like? This is like, another example. This is one of those things that it's just, I guess this is just where I'm at so honest, like, I've been pouring so much energy into into this, into the production, into the this, and as easy like, I see so much where God's moving there, and that's exactly what you said. Like Like to allow myself to sit with, sit with, with God, with what he's given me with my wife and my kids, yeah, and like, and out of that place, it's like, if you

Matthias Miller  57:13
God, God can interrupt us. But there's also something special when we turn our attention to what God wants to speak about, and then he starts to speak, yeah,

Speaker 1  57:29
you know what i This is the visual he's giving him Matthias, and it's super exciting. Can you imagine all this time David was running from Saul

Unknown Speaker  57:42
and then he gets to know that Saul is dead. Now I'm sure you know he had all of his

Speaker 1  57:57
necessary preparatory thoughts of okay, if he try to do this, that's what I'm do. Because the whole point was, you cannot kill him. David, as much as he hates you, much as he's coming after you, as conspiring as he is, you can't kill him. Imagine. And here's the point, because definitely, David was a man of war beyond the shadow of death, an amazing woman. However, imagine having all of that capability and capacity and guys that you can use it. Yeah, yeah, not on this one. Yet this man is treacherous, and he's vindictive, and he's jealous and he's He's fearful because the kingdom was stripped out of his hands, and he has the strangest thoughts, right? Find this unction that you may be the next king. So if I kill you, that will never happen. And God said you will never kill him, because I will kill you first. Yeah. And so he gave me the visual of David for you Matthias, that David so loved God and and with his imperfect self, but at the same time, he was perfectly who God needed to lead Israel. He was perfectly who got it designed? He came from the lineage of Jesus. And, you know, he was just the one like, Hey, you are that one that will have a throne, a king on your throne forever. You know, even though we would have to go back and be for all of what we know in the scriptures and. To look at the plan of God. You know, before the foundation of the world, the lamb was slain, and, you know, we'd have to really allow God to stretch himself out in us in this beautiful, beautiful plan. But, but David lived a life of trauma, and the whole time he was the king. And so these challenges don't defeat us. They groom us, they mature. They don't defeat us. They prep us. They give us experience. They give us hope. They give us the manifestation of God. Because we have more joy in that house. I've never visited their home, but that's because we've been so busy doing life, but love them dearly, and we do ministry together, and we've made plan after plan to get together, but I either didn't say my schedule or didn't fit, you see what I'm saying. Matthias, but I made time for yesterday, uh, sore foot and all because time wasn't going to wait any longer. Yeah, and that's our reality there. We're in the timing of God. Matthias, it's not going to wait any longer. There are some people, some places, some things that absolutely have to be in order, dear. But God has enough confidence in us that he says when I instruct them, they're going to do exactly what I told them to do. Yeah? Because I am king. Oh, yeah, yeah. We are those. We are them. We're the ones to get it done. Matthias, we're the one. We've been chosen, we've been set apart, and the enablement of God is upon us. Matthias, so you sit with God, and you sit with it, and you do exactly what he tell you to do, because we're on his time, not on our own, and you know that better than most, and that's why God loves you so much, because he can count on you. Matthias, he can count on you. God can count on you, sir. He can't count on everybody. Matthias, yeah, and bask in that, brother, because there was only one day. Then count on Do you know how many kings Israel had nightmare? Just nightmare, very

Matthias Miller  1:03:03
true. Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:03:07
And so when we get off this call, you gotta know you are God's man. I don't care how we slice you. If I follow you home, I'm going to find God man. If I follow you into your office, into your study, into your business man, your business meetings, I'm going to find God's man. Because guess what? That's the challenge in the earth. These people have no integrity. Matthias, they're two faced. It the dog eat dog. They're greedy, but that's not you, and that's not me. And so who else is God going to use to manifest His glory in every area of the earth, not just in the church,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:05
every fiber of the earth. That's our job. Yeah. So God show me how to do it. All David knew was this unclean, Philip sign would not be getting in our faith, person, our God.

Speaker 1  1:04:30
I don't have a sword, I don't have a shield, I don't even have a title, but I know this. He's not going to get away with it. It's something you don't want some people to get away with. Matthias, you're in position now, maintain it, manage it. Oh, yeah. Help me, Lord. Tell me. What to do. But what I love about David, David did what he he knew to do, and then say, Oh, God, by the way, I need your help.

Speaker 1  1:05:13
He was so instinct was like, Oh, by the way, I just killed 1000 suicides old. I know they coming after me. God, you know what I'm saying? He didn't say, God, can I kill Philistines? He killed him. And say, Oh, Lord. And then, you know the one who's supposed to be back in a month and cheer them on. Enemies without an enemies with them at times. They're real. You you got there. You got there. Now get it done. You remember the dog, the double barrel shotgun,

Matthias Miller  1:05:53
not forgetting that.

Speaker 1  1:05:56
Yeah, you you need to get up. Yeah, you need to get up and you need to get it done, yeah, and you need to make your real father proud, which is your Father in heaven? Because he the only one you got the answer to father. He's the only one Matthias, we all know me and nothing but love. I don't have the answer to none of these crazy human beings. God, what did you tell me to do? That's what I'm doing. Yep, and that's what your children see. They see your confidence, and they see your courage, and they see you standing, and they see you believing, and they See you praying. That's what you're reproducing, sir, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:07:05
In that house you are reproducing after you and your wife's own kind, where your children will not be prejudiced, they will not be racist, they will not be bigot, they will not be unjust. They will not be evil. Matthias, they will not be religious, yeah, they will not be fearful.

Speaker 1  1:07:42
Yeah, you change the world right under your roof. Man, and you don't even know it, that's true, but when you aim them arrows that's in your house, oh, they gonna split it in half. Brother. Mm,

Unknown Speaker  1:08:05
hmm, wow,

Matthias Miller  1:08:22
because there's two sides. I mean, there's two sides to this whole thing. That probably is just one side, but

Matthias Miller  1:08:36
I think if there's, wow, especially when it comes to family, like, there's still this, I mean, there's this peeling off of layers that's happened in all of life, of like trusting with God and allowing and just walking with him and letting him bring these pieces together. And we're seeing these testimonies show up at work because of that and all of that. And then there's, it's all this deprogramming of, like, well, I have to perform, and I have to be the one to make it happen. And like, how do I, how do I be proactive in God's timing? And like, you know, like, like, without taking this on my shoulders and still taking, still taking the ownership that he wants all that stuff, like figuring that out and like, this is exactly the same lesson that he wants to apply to my family, which is like,

Unknown Speaker  1:09:27
like,

Matthias Miller  1:09:30
how do I, how do I have that same posture of intentionality, but without this is what I what I sometimes feel is like, all this, like, okay, like, what Am I actually teaching these kids? And am I actually teaching them enough? And am I giving them everything that they need for life, and like all of these things, and it becomes a heavy burden and like, and there's a part of it that's like resting in understanding that me living my my best life, whatever, however you want to say that. Me living out what God has for me, and walking with Him is, is the example, and then, and there's that, and then there's like, at the same time, and there's the trust that he's going to that I am putting an imprint. I'm putting that imprint on them. But then at the same time, the first thing is like,

Speaker 1  1:10:21
yeah, yeah, go ahead. Go ahead with

Matthias Miller  1:10:25
his first thing of like, there's, there's still like, and then when I want to take, I mean, there's this still this proactive piece. And the proactive piece of it is not me carrying the whole weight on my shoulders. It's me sitting with God and and and actively, if I had to take, take that whole concept and reframe it, it's taking, it's like, let me take all of the lessons that I've learned about how to walk with God and work, and let me just apply them over here in my family.

Speaker 1  1:10:55
And let me just do that. End of story. That's it. Matthias, that's it, because hear me, your lineage everything you're doing. Matthias, every time you wake up and you go to your office, every time you make a phone call, you've just set something in motion for your advantage, for the air. Every time Matthias, if God was keeping a record, he said, Hmm, okay, because think about it, when Timothy was going through what he was going through. God, Holy Ghost said, Because of your grandmother, Lois, come on, come on. Matthias, I don't forget, people could share less. Give her hope. But your God, when you're in the dying, come on. Matthias, he told David, you will have a throne. A king on a throne forever. Is he still? Is the king? David ain't nowhere to be found. And out of his lineage came the King of kings, brother,

Unknown Speaker  1:12:33
when you get to stealing somebody's life, okay? Because God don't change. Matthias, we change, and we try to change it, but he don't change.

Speaker 1  1:12:52
Yeah, because you're a son of David. Imma spare you. Do you understand me? Matthias, yeah, yeah. Matthias, my family is so huge, a bullet hasn't hit one. Matthias, why? Why? Because God made me a promise you won't lose one. Terry, now you might not like them all, but you're not going to lose one.

Speaker 1  1:13:33
Get his promise and tuck it in your heart and get busy. Matthias, ain't about what man is saying? What is God saying to you and your household? Yeah. Who are we god? Yeah, and you won't look to the left or look to the right. Matthias, when I was in the military, and I had nieces that were in high school, my oldest daughter, I mean, oldest sister, her daughters were in high school. Matthias, when I was in Iceland, I asked one of my, one of my friends, to go to the University of Chicago and get their newspaper, because they would always have summer activities for youth. I was in, I was in Iceland, and I had a friend of mine. I said, please go to go to the University of Chicago. No, it wasn't your UIC circle campus. And get they have this event, they have this paper, and send it to me. And I had that newspaper in Iceland, and I told my sister what programs they were going to be in. Mm. Them. How do you know that that's none of your business? But this what I told her. I said, this, this is this one need to be in ballet. This one need to be in jazz. Then after that, they have this program for for cheerleading. And then after that, they have this. I forgot what the other one was. But do you know those girls still remember that, that I was all the way in Iceland? No, the streets cannot have mine and mine. Mine never came from my womb. But your mind, if we're in the same lineage, your mind, if you're in the same household, your mind, if we're in the kingdom of God Matthias, you know, God didn't forget that. Yeah, and my niece, in her early 20s, she became the Regional Director for Men's Warehouse in her 20s. Wow, born on the west side of Chicago. Wow. Because so what, so what hell is raging? So what? Yeah, no. Matthias, we don't take down. Yeah, we don't take down. We don't take down. We see it to the finish line. Yeah, we're sanctioned.

Speaker 1  1:16:49
This is who I'm talking to. This is who you are. You're ascension, and that's why God is putting your hands on more stuff. Matthias, because you're a man of justice, you're a man of righteousness. So you are supposed to be managing what you manage.

Speaker 1  1:17:19
Yeah, he's showing me the picture. Of David. David always heard his voice, and he always did what he told him to do. Keep it simple. Matthias,

Speaker 1  1:17:48
cool. That is, yeah, that's simple, because you can manage simple. We, none of us can manage complicated. No, we can't. Only, God, yeah, yeah. So when you get our next date and time to just like you did, you know you said Fridays were the best for you right in the afternoon. Yep, okay. And so I've set apart Friday for this special time, just like God, he's so faithful. Valor, got on his little area and went to sleep. That's when we got on the phone with Buzz Light and and all of them, and all of his people over there with them, because we heard from God, yep, continue to hear from him science, Because you do, yeah, yeah, yeah. I need you to pray for

Matthias Miller  1:19:08
us. Yeah, wow,

Matthias Miller  1:19:15
God, you've put us into these places intentionally. Be because there are situations that you need us to be a part of, because without us, there is no maturing the people around us, and you've created us as vessels and as servants to do that yeah

Unknown Speaker  1:19:44
and

Matthias Miller  1:19:47
as yeah our hearts cry is to continue, just to continue walking with you and to allow you to take us on this journey of sharpening our eyes and sharpening our ears. Ears and even sharpening our our mouth and our knowledge of when to speak and when not to

Unknown Speaker  1:20:07
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:20:12
in our pursuit of everything that you've put in our care that we that our hearts would always, we would, we would steward our hearts and always live with that protection around our relationship with you and the relationships that You've, that you have made us stewards of yes and yeah, give us. Give us what we need. You've given us what we need to walk both with humility and both with the flaming intensity of

Unknown Speaker  1:20:58
warriors, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes,

Matthias Miller  1:21:05
thank you that you continue bringing hidden things to light and continue shining light on darkness, that you make known the things that are unknown and yeah, we throw ourselves wholeheartedly on the only place that we know to throw ourselves, which is straight in the center of your goodness,

Unknown Speaker  1:21:33
In Jesus name, amen, I'm high fiving you. I feel I put my double barrel down.

Speaker 1  1:21:52
I love you and your household Matthias, and I'm standing flat footed for you to be everything God designed you to be at an early age, I want you to understand Admiral Farragut was an admiral at 12 years old, David Glasgow surrogate. Look him up. He ran a fleet of men and 12 the world has dumbed us down. Matthias, and we're not having it. Yeah, you're right where you're supposed to be, in the center of the will and don't take down Matthias,

Matthias Miller  1:22:41
yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:22:48
So good.

Speaker 1  1:22:50
God is good, amen, amen. He is good. I love when we talk. I love when we talk. He's getting your rhythm together. He's getting your rhythm. Allow him to do it. Matthias, but do not sacrifice what you love most. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:23:09
yep, you got it. Okay,

Speaker 1  1:23:14
all right, beautiful. And so do the same thing. Just text me and say, Viv you know, this time or whatever, even if it is next Friday at this time, one thing I want to say, I don't know when Clinton's funeral will be at, and so I do know. I'll say, this is the day you know that we're going to funeralize them. So that you know, and I don't know if it'll be, you know this up and coming Friday, because they have not released his remains to his family. So, yeah, because he's a part of their investigation concerning them. Yeah, right. Okay, so that would be the only thing but get date and time anyway, and then if that comes up, then you'll know it more than later.

Matthias Miller  1:24:04
Yeah, yeah for sure. Okay, cool.

Unknown Speaker  1:24:09
Thank you, blessings on you.

Matthias Miller  1:24:13
Thank you, blessings on you. Thanks again. And,

Speaker 1  1:24:17
yeah, yeah. Appreciate it, yeah, just appreciate it. Yeah, amen. It's a blessing for me as well. Okay, we'll talk as we go. All right, sounds good. Thanks. Susie, you're welcome.

Matthias Miller  1:24:36
Bye. Bye. Yep. Anyway.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai