Speaker 1  00:00
Excellent. Okay, so just let me know when you're ready. Yep, I'm ready. Good. So first and foremost, happy new decade, Happy New Year. And I'm sure you're excited, right? Yep, I am okay. One scripture, Matthias, that I received from Holy Spirit this morning when you reached out and said, Could we connect this morning with John? The Gospel of John, chapter nine, verse four, and that scripture, I'll read it to you real quick in the Amplified it states, we must work the work of Him who sent Me while it is day night is coming when no one can work. And so that was the scripture that that really spoke to my heart, regarding you, as well as the next statement that I'll make is your your family. Your immediate family is your best supporting cast. So I don't know if you have pen and pad. Do you have pen and pad? Okay? And then the other statement I wanted to make was,

Matthias Miller  01:26
hang on the last. The last word that you're best supporting with

Speaker 1  01:30
your best supporting cast is your immediate family. Yep. Okay. The other thing is just so you'll know, any questions that you may have in the midst of us having this conversation or any conversation, always feel free to say, Viv, I have a question, and any question that's weighing heavy on your heart or any concern or anything you receive from the Lord, always feel free to share that because, because, because, what that says to me is something is pressing on your heart, and we're going to walk together and unpack it or unveil it, or allow God to unveil it for us, so you will clearly, precisely know what he's saying at the present time. Okay, yep, the other questions I had was, number one, what results do you absolutely need from us working together in these next 90 days? And you don't have to give me that answer right now, but that's something I want you to think about at least three things, Matthias, because you're you're in a time and a season where God desires you to accurately hear him. And so we're not going to leave one stone unturned in discovering, discerning, unveiling what he's saying to you in this season. And what's exciting Matthias is your desire to know. So I want you to know that Father God is extremely pleased that this is the desire of your heart to hear him and and I believe that he's going to speak to you in different forms. And so within the next 90 days, even if you don't understand it, Matthias, write it down. And I don't know, do you do rented lunch time, and when do you do and how often

Matthias Miller  03:44
I try to do it. I try to do it. I want to do it daily. It usually works best for me in the morning. We've got a young, almost one year old, and so my wife hasn't been feeling well. Wasn't up to the past few days, so that was up with him at six o'clock, and I just put him in his high chair with some toys, and that that's how Renaissance time happened this

Speaker 1  04:07
morning. Yeah, yeah. And that sounds good, because that's what wise parents do. You got to keep those little ones busy, because once they're up and running, Matthias, they own us, and so we function around their world. And when they give us a moment, and this is, this is what I want to encourage you to to know and understand that his heart, God's heart, is so pleased with you. Matthias, and so there's not a rhyme or a reason to our madness of reaching out to God, searching for Him, LISTENING to Him, discerning him, learning of him. And it's just like your children, when they hit the pavement running, you start discerning. Okay, are they hard? Hungry? Do they want to play? They've got their favorite places in the house that they love to visit when they when they get up and wake up. And we're no different, that if when you can, when you picture what your relationship with with is with your children, that's God relationship with us, and it's no different. We tend to put ritual to it, and God is not ritualistic at all. Rituals support us in knowing him. That's what they do, our repetition of whatever we do, Matthias, it supports us and learning him. So if your Renaissance is at two in the morning or eight o'clock in the evening, do it because the first part of our morning is very, very powerful. And often, I've learned that when he wakes me up, that's my time, yeah, and and when we're in relationship with Him, Matthias, and that's what I'm just learning about you, that our time with Him is our time. So there's not a set time. However we practice certain times, because that might be the best time for us, but I don't want you to be overburdened with I need to do it in the morning. That's what I'm saying. Because you're a father, because you're a husband because you're a businessman, your time will fluctuate and let it, allow it, where you'll say, Man, this is the perfect time to just sit with you, God. And when you sit with them, Matthias, have your pen and pass and go at it. But even in your heart, what fits you, what what was the best time for you? Because I remember a season in my own life where lunchtime was the best time, and Matthias at the time, I was working for household International, and I would just go and sit in my car and, oh, it would be the best plan. And I was so protective of that time, whereas I made sure I brought my lunch to work, because I was like, Whoa, this is good, and I need to have more of this. And so that's what I'm pointing to, that what is you? That's what's important. Just like you know your children, that's good and awesome, no question is off limits for me in these next 90 days. That means any question you desire to ask, feel free to do. Okay, so, working at working through this month, the month of January, remember we, when we were at the Truth Seminar, we talked about the 13 things did you? Did you get started on that, the I was in that? Oh, the

Matthias Miller  08:24
You mean the memos event or the Did you mean the truth center,

Speaker 1  08:27
the 13 things that that I had advised you guys to think about what you needed to leave in the last decade?

Matthias Miller  08:39
Yeah, let me find that list

Unknown Speaker  08:41
again. Okay,

Matthias Miller  08:52
just looking through my journal now trying to find it.

Unknown Speaker  08:57
This is what are my props? Okay,

Matthias Miller  09:01
is that what it was

Speaker 1  09:02
Yeah, yeah. It was, what are your props? And part of that question was, what have been your props in this previous decade or previous year, and what are the 13 things you need to leave behind? And only you can answer that Matthias, and it may take some thought. I

Matthias Miller  09:48
Alright. So, so you just wanting to go down to the list of that now, yeah, let's go, Yeah, all right. So here's, here's what I had written down. I. Others, other people's approval, my wife's my wife's opinion in certain situations, my intellect, my plans, my ideas, my ideals, my determination, my choices, my desire for success and visibility, my software builders income, which is company I do a lot of I'm an independent contract. Contractor for up at the church has a question mark. Okay? My kids behavior and success. Next year's placement with the question mark, and that was what we talked about, the foster child placement. I talked to you about, okay, learning, reading, training books, other people's systems and should quote, should quote,

Unknown Speaker  10:55
okay, I

Matthias Miller  10:59
just want to bring this into I had a conversation with the gentleman that I've done some work with before about the coaching program he was he's putting together, and we were just talking about it. One of the things that he and he was asking me to go through some of the stuff that I'm doing now. One of the things that he talked about was he said he feels like the answer for me is, like, right in front of my nose, and he literally said, he said, I think you're probably overlooking it because it looks trivial. But he said I should ask, ask myself the question, What am I holding on to? And and maybe, I mean, his advice was to do some journaling, as in, he didn't use the term Renaissance time, but that's kind of what we meant. Yeah,

Speaker 1  11:48
that's the same. They're They're identical, yeah. And,

Matthias Miller  11:55
and I realized, with all of that, that there's this, there's this. I mean, part of these, like, well, I don't know what that is. I mean, one of the things that kind of emerged from our conversation, too, is this thing of trying to follow somebody else's path and just kind of, you know, just unloading some things that are my heart. Like, like, some of these, it feels like

Unknown Speaker  12:22
so

Matthias Miller  12:23
I mean, at the memos event you shared about how I'm an innovator, which is something that really resonates with me, probably one of the most frustrating feedback that I've gotten is the like when I when I share my ideas, people are always like, well, that's that's not going to work. Nobody wants that. Here's why it won't work,

Unknown Speaker  12:49
right? And and

Matthias Miller  12:53
it happens with people. I mean, it happens with people that that I trust. And there's kind of this thing of, well, I don't want to be stupid.

Speaker 1  13:03
And guess what? You're far from it. Matthias, you're far from stupid. You are a living write this down. Write this down and put it make it in. Make it personal. I am in the living, breathing, walking range of God. I have a living, breathing, breathing, walking, walking, walking. Brain of God, yes, and let me, let me, let me share something around that. Matthias, I am the most odd, unusual human being. I don't fit in. I don't fit in. And, you know, I don't fit in, yeah, and Matthias, I am so grateful that I don't fit in. Over the years, Matthias, and this is what me and you are walking through. We're working through. I was so blessed this morning when I got the text there you got some time? Blah, blah, blah, yeah, you know, because Matthias, I am so curious about you, and Holy Spirit is giving me the opportunity to get to know you. And what's sad about human beings is they don't see encounters with other human beings that way. Most human human beings are conventional. Matthias, there is nothing conventional about you. Write that down. There is nothing conventional about me. Write that down about yourself. Got it and we are not going to fit Matthias. What I do is I develop and train. People to have relationship with me in the door. Matthias, I know number one, they're not going to understand me. Chances are they're probably going to want to get rid of me, like we don't want you around, because the things that you share aren't the thing that we want to hear. Matthias, and I've grown accustomed to that, that I was not born to fit my purpose in the earth is to move people forward. Matthias, so let's say today is the second of January. We have no clue what the third of January is going to look like. Zero. And then and in the seasons that we're living in. I mean, we're literally having springtime. I heard the bird thinking this morning, it appears to be a spring day, but we know we're about to be in the dead of winter, or we are in the depth of winter of Chicago, but nothing around us speaks to winter. Matthias, the trees, the trees don't know if they should hibernate or bud, and I'm watching and my plant, I love plants, and they're going through such chaos right now because they're like, Okay, are we budding or are we hibernating? And I'm like, nobody really knows. So what we do is we allow ourselves to live in the day that we're in Matthias and not get overwhelmed and stressed about something we cannot change. We cannot change the weather Matthias, and we cannot change people, and we cannot change what people think. Ever, ever. Matthias. That's not what I'm called to do. I'm not called to change what people think. I'm called to walk things out and be a written epistle. And people looking at my life and saying, Oh, wow, maybe I should make that left turn instead of right. Maybe I should pick up my Bible. Maybe I should talk to God. Maybe I should sit and listen. And that's how it works. Think about your children. You can't make their teeth grow. You can't force them to potty train when they're ready. Matthias, they're going to sit on that pot like a big little person, and they're going to do what they do. But in the meantime, we keep changing diapers, right, right? We keep making bottles until you can go to the fridge, open the door and pour your wholesale a drink. Yeah, and we can't force it. Matthias, we can't force these people. So you're not in the business of forcing people. Matthias, you're in the business of innovation. That's what business you're in. And people are part of the minutia that come with living on this side of heaven, and they don't have the final say Matthias, and that's been proven a million times, and you know this, yes, and so what I've learned Matthias is to develop people on how to relate to me. And I have boundaries. I have boundaries in place Matthias, and this is, this is the thing that works best for me is discernment. Matthias, you can discern when a person is not ready to hear your idea. You can just you can discern when a person is not even the person you should share that idea with, because they're clueless, and that's not where they are. Yeah, yeah. And so now rid yourself. Write this down. I must rid myself of undue false burden.

Matthias Miller  19:20
Through myself of undue false burdens. Got it

Speaker 1  19:23
undue false burdens. That's your focus in the month of January, because what you're doing Matthias is freeing yourself up to hear, freeing yourself up to discern, freeing yourself to have peace. You

Speaker 1  19:44
who was with Thomas Edison when he went through the 1000 times that he failed, he went to a place where nobody's like these people are not gonna say that I am not being they think. I'm insane. They're constantly nagging and telling me it's never gonna work. It's no Matthias, you're him. You're him. He's your twin brother, as a matter of fact, as a homework assignment, if you haven't research his life, all right? And that's what you're going to do more. You're going to look at the lives of innovator. There are men that died before their patent changed the world Matthias. But it was something inside of them that God had placed there that said, you got to do this. I'm telling you, with Terry Marshall for three years him trying to to bring more revelation to the 8020 rule. For three years looking like I'm stuck. I don't know, I don't know what else to do. And then you know what the best solution to times like that is, put that thing aside and go play with the kids. Go for a walk, go do what you love to do. Put that thing aside and and do what your wife want to do today and shock her. She's like, What? Why are you hanging around? I mean, you know, shock her and say, No, I just, I just want to be around what you want to be around me today? Okay? Well, I'm going to do laundry and get meals ready, you know. Okay, can I help? I'm telling you what that is, because before the foundation of the world, what you have inside of you was already thought out. Matthias, and so this time that you sit with God is about you asking him questions. What am I missing? Show me because you're that man, Matthias. And you know what? The most exciting thing for me is, you want God instruction? Yeah, most people elbow him out, like, I don't need you. And God's like, Excuse me, I put that in you. But most people don't know they need him. Matthias, they're just ignorant. You're not that person. And so you make time for him, you you put it on your calendar, you schedule it, you say, Okay, at this time of my day. Or, you know, because being who you are, there are things you have to do, being a father, being a husband, being a man of God, there are things you have to do, just for the fact that you're alive and you're in the earth. So when you know, like, Okay, let me look at my days. Let me see I got this okay. In between that time, I want to spend time with you. God, he's on my calendar, just like everybody else. Matthias, when my when my world gets super busy, I say, Whoa. This is a little too busy for me, but let me look at my calendar moving forward and Okay, God, it's going to be me, and you on this day going to be me, and you on that day, this weekend, I'm not doing anything. It's going to be you and me, and what you and me oftentimes mean when you're talking about your time with God is you resting from expectation, from responsibility, all of that is included in your time with God, that's a package deal because Matthias, there are times that I have on my calendar. I get in my bed and I go to sleep, and I know when I wake up he's going to be right there, because he never leaves us. He's always there, always watching, always taking notes. So it's not like we have to get in our car and find him. No, he's right here. He's right here in this conversation. But we're more intentional when our world appears that it's spinning a little out of control, or when we get overwhelmed or when we're feeling anxious.

Speaker 1  24:33
So he's a ready tutor for whatever it is you have to do, be it your children, be it your wife, be it your business relationship, be it just something you need from him. Matthias, none of that is off limits. We're not one dimensional. Yeah, we're just like him. Mm. Us. And so who would know better on how to manage our world and everybody else's when we're in a place of responsibility? Other than God, nobody. And so one of the things, and I love your list of things that you share with me this morning. Go, go through those things one by one. Lord, give me wisdom on who to share with, who not to share with. The timing of when I should share. I'm telling you my family Matthias. I cannot give them one prophetic word, I cannot they are my family, okay. However, when they get in trouble, Matthias, guess who they call first? Yeah, they call this. And that's my door. That's my opportunity to ask questions, to get to the root of things and to be relational with them. Matthias, when I talk about the event that I participate in, I just say, Hey you guys, I'm going to Oak Brook. I'll be there for two days, and as long as they know where I am and what time it's a real family relationship. Matthias, yeah. However, when they get in a pickle, that's the time when I can begin to unpack revelation for them, because in the meantime, I'm Auntie, I'm sister, I'm cousin, yeah, I'm great aunt. And so there's a timing for everything, and in these 90 days, one of the things that's going to you're going to grow in, is timing, and having peace with the timing of God and not being forced into anybody's anything Matthias, because your Time is extremely valuable, and

Speaker 1  27:21
you're going to guard it, and you're going to set boundaries moving forward. And you one of the things I'm hearing from Holy Spirit right now, you will be so intentional with your conversation with people Matthias, cuz there's a season where I don't open my mouth, I just listen, I just watch, I just participate. You're going to have that kind of discernment. And so when people are running their ideas across you or their thoughts across you like a faucet, just let them, and you get to determine what you'll internalize and what you will not. Yeah, yeah, that's your job. That's your job, and you're capable of that because, you know what you don't want to hear and you know what's not profitable. Yeah. I

Matthias Miller  28:33
mean, there's so much stuff that's coming through for me with all of this. I mean, part of the whole discernment thing is, is not just discerning from my perspective, but understanding whether other people are, are discerning and what they're how they're perceiving to me, it's like Jesus. Are they? Are they relating to me as a as a prophet, brother, friend, you know, sometimes

Speaker 1  28:59
fun. You know, a natural son, like, like Mary and Joseph. They were like, What are you doing? He was like, at 12, he's like, I gotta do what I'm supposed to do. Now, in his grandmother's or great aunt's eyes, it's like, you're so disrespectful. But no he knew who he was, Matthias, and this is about you knowing, regardless of what people know and they do, they speak from what they know, and it you know what it does. It tells you what they don't know, and it tells you what they have not discerned about you. And that's okay. What I loved about Jesus Matthias. He would come to somebody with some type of ailment, and you know what he would say in the midst, you could look at him and say, Well, I'm sure that person doesn't want to be lame or blind or hindered in any physical emotion. Know, spiritual way he would ask them a question. Matthias, do you want to be made whole? Yes, excuse me, and the response would tell him where they were. Matthias, excuse me, because I got excited. I got excited when we talk about Jesus. Nothing excites me more so Matthias, he's our pattern. He's our prototype of how to do this thing, how to be a son of God, and how to exist in this earth where people could care less if you're a son of God or not, yeah, that's right, yeah. And so part of part of your development, and new place, matthiasas to start a people like, Okay, you made that comment because you're clueless, and you have a right to make that comment. I'm not bossed by it. You don't understand this. This is not your world. This is not your responsibility. I'm telling you, Matthias, and you're going to sleep well, and you're going to interact with people in such a different manner, because what I understand about my family, Vivian has given given this gift. They have their own gift, but my gift is the exact gift that I'm living, breathing and moving in, and I can't get angry or punish people or reject people because they don't get it. Yeah, the wisdom of God in me will tell me oftentimes, hm, you can't say that right now. I'll say okay, cuz he knows everything. He knows everybody, Matthias And so this beautiful time that you're determined to have with God is the time that he's been waiting to have with you. And when you know that, it's like, yeah, come on, God, let's let's look and see what kind of time we have, because that's your life blood. That's what's going to keep you strong, keep you focused, keep you protected, keep you on point, on schedule, with him and his time. Yes, that just eliminates everyone else else's opinion, everyone else's timing, everyone else's perception. What it does is it, the IT detoxes us from people, yes, and all of this, their stuff, all of what they walk in and live in and operate from, because that's the only way Jesus could do it. Matthias, he would get away like, Hey, you guys are burning me out. You guys are nuts. I can't I can't really, and they would have all of these events. And he said, Okay, I'll meet you there. And what he meant was, I really don't want to go. I know I'm called to be around you guys right now, but I need a break. I need a break for about three hours, about three days, about, you know, and then guess what? He was only with them for three years, Matthias, he did his part, and he got up out of here, even in their cluelessness, like we really don't know what happened. We really don't get this and that. And God knows that he knows, just like you know your babies, you're thinking, give me that, because right now we're getting a razor bed. No, okay, you're going to get it back tomorrow, but now you need to give it to me so I can put it away and you go to bed. That's people, and they don't change Matthias, they grow. And people have their own designs and their own identity, and so that's not your focus. Your focus is not who people are. Your focus is, God, what have you given me to do in this season, in this time where it's clear that you're leading me somewhere, leading me to something? Yeah, so now you're going to clean your own slate Matthias, you get to determine what belongs and what doesn't, and everything is seasonal, and it's okay if it doesn't fit right now, it's okay if there's a challenge. If there's some something that maybe somebody's not getting that okay, and give yourself permission for it to be okay.

Speaker 1  35:19
I'll give you a beautiful picture Moses being called by God to set the children of Israel free. He was the straight deliverer,

Unknown Speaker  35:33
and his life was one disaster after another, and it did not change that he was still to deliver.

Speaker 1  35:44
What a picture. Imagine Jesus being the salvation of the entire world, the final sacrifice for all the the mistakes we make, all the sin, all the stuff that we're just believing God we you. Thank you, Lord, you're helping us. We're going to get there. We're a work in progress, and he gets mutilated in the process. Matthias, they mutilated him. The ones that that if you, if you had the external view of it, all, you say, well, but they were his people, and they were the the smart people, and they were the people that God was using to for people to know Him. And how could they be in such error, such is the state of man, when we stop growing Matthias, when we stop learning, we get stuck. And so there's a, there's a dual thing that's going on right now in your world, number one, the will of God and the will of man. Write that down, yep, the will of God and the will of man. And you're going to discern the difference. You're going to say, okay, that's me, okay. That's God, okay, that's me. That's what that phone call was about with with the extra siblings. It was like, Wait a minute. The human thing to do would be, get all the kids. Hold on. Is that what God said? You know the human thing? Matthias, when Jesus was here, was save everybody. Everybody didn't want to be saved. And he is your umpire, your empire, your umpire, your empire. That's your that's paramount. Don't violate your piece no matter what demands are being put on you, and say that I don't have peace about it right now. Let there be a statement that you make, and that means I'm processing it. I'm working it out. I'm walking through it in my own mind and in my own heart. God's going to give you words where you can articulate to people to help them to understand you. Yes, even where it's like something inside of me is telling me this isn't it. You're going to learn to put words to it. And then those people that are applying undue pressure to you, get them to God, take them to your time with God, and say, Hey, so and so is super anxious, and you know he may reveal something to you, and say, you know why he's anxious or she's anxious, blah, blah, blah. Now you've just gotten insight and wisdom from God on the matter, and there's no greater insight and no greater wisdom than the wisdom of God Matthias. I'm going to give you an example. I was at an event yesterday, and it was a small gathering, and some friends of mine decided to do a potluck, and they decided to do it on a New Year's Day. I was like, Ah, I really kind of want to stay in the bed and or just relax and not be involved with anybody. And Holy Spirit said, You need to go there. So okay, he's got a reason, and he didn't tell me. I just said, Okay, so I'll get ready. The gathering was about eight, from 11 to two. Okay, so everybody comes, and it was probably maybe 10 or 15 of us. In, and there were maybe about seven people I didn't know, everybody else I was familiar with, and I just spent time with the people that I knew, and engaged in conversation with them, and ate with them. And then all of a sudden, Matthias, those seven people I didn't know, Holy Spirit's will started turning okay, and you bless me. You said there. Give me a few seconds before the flood is released. And then, oh, Matthias said, Minister Tamika, that's exactly what happened. The Flood was released on yesterday, okay, Matthias, I didn't go there for that. I just Holy Spirit. Tell me so to give you need to go. So I go, and I'm doing what I do, and doing the people that I know. And then all of a sudden, as you stated so well, the flood appeared and and we were done. We were done with our eating. We were getting ready to shut everything down. And I said to the person that invited everybody. I said, I have a word to that gentleman right there. He said, okay, and I, and I went over to the gentleman, young man, Matthias, probably younger than 40, and I said, I have a word for you. Well, his aunt knew what that meant. He didn't know. Matthias, clueless, yes. And his aunt got her phone out and queued it up so she could record it. And Matthias, he wept like a baby. He was one who would invest in everybody but himself, and his mom was there, and I didn't know it was his mother, and she wept like a baby because she knew everything that Holy Spirit said was true, Matthias, and he did not come to that gathering for that. And so that's who our God is, Matthias, that's the God that we serve. He's concerned about the stuff that in our heart, we believe nobody else would give a clue. He does. And so I shared that Matthias, because what it did, it set him on track to say, Put everybody else aside this time and this season has got to be about you, and God was giving him permission to do that. Matthias, God is giving you permission to isolate people in your own loving way. Okay, yep, some people go ahead. Go

Matthias Miller  43:01
ahead, ask the question. I just, I just got a just a couple of things to process with all this. I mean, one of the things so I had this experience in Christmas vacation. So our family, or my wife's family, really, where we get together, they're not all, they're not all on board with, you know, wear a mask spiritually, right? They all love Jesus. They just, they yes, there's a lot of fear. They're not there, and it's okay. But one of the things I felt like God was saying is, is he's like, and I feel him saying this to me even in the church setting, which is, you know, kind of a similar, similar type of setting, he's like, he was like, I'm putting you in charge of the spiritual atmosphere and, and, and one of you know, one of the things that I did as a result of that, it's just just making more decrees and and seeing the atmosphere and, but one of the things too, that I'm realizing I've got two friends or two individuals, I mean, one of them, One of them, I feel really guilty for not for not spending more time with, and the other one, every time he sends, it's actually somebody on my team. He's sending me an email about a project. Every time I get the email, I feel anxious. And I mean, just as you're talking, I'm realizing, like, for this one guy, he's he's afraid to lose the things that he's got, and I feel like God's, God's moving him into new relationships in new places. But for him, too, he has to be willing to let go and and so it feels like it, even for and I didn't relate with my with my team up, right? I think he's feeling a lot of anxiety on this project and and so part of the whole discernment process for me, and I mean this, this stuff, this kind of stuff, has been happening in my life for a long time. And it's, it's like, how do you learn how to manage and walk it out and all that kind of stuff? But yeah, part of, part of for me, is learning to recognize that and take charge of it and regain my piece. And in some of these situations, you know, I'm, I'm called to have some some conversations and change however. Relate and others, I'm called to, you know, help them, help them through the internal process of what they need so that we can work together on solving the problem.

Speaker 1  45:11
And you're that man, Matthias. You have a capacity. You do you've been groomed to have it now you do it, yeah, and I and I get it. I get it that my responsibility is so much greater because he's trusting me to discern who I'm having relationship with. It's like with my sister. I know when I'm not to open my mouth, even though I'm thinking, Oh, my God, if she would only listen to me. And God is saying right now, Vivian, she needs you to listen to her, even though where she is developmentally, you're thinking, huh, we could easily fix that by blah, blah, blah. No, I'm not asking you to fix it. I'm asking you to listen. Yes, listening is part of fixing it. Yeah, because it's just like any of us, Matthias, when we get it out, we look at it and like, whoa. It wasn't that serious. All I had to do was allow myself to have peace about it, or allow myself not to give a response right now, like no if I respond now, it's going to be a mess. I shouldn't open my mouth. Just hold it, Vivian and take it to God. You can take him everything you're feeling. Matthias, and you know that you because he accepts us as is. He's never going to return us. He's never going to allow the enemy to have us, Matthias, if we're willing to co labor with him, and that means allow him to talk to us, allow him to show us even the stuff that hurt about ourselves. Because there's been many a time Matthias, and I think I shared it. And I know at one of the truth seminars where I said I would go to God and say, This one did that, and that one did this, and he would ask me, what did you do, Vivian? And I would say to him, but this conversation is not about me. No, yes, it is. Yes it is. It's about you, now that I have your attention, now that this thing brought you to me there, let's talk about you. And he had to kill me like an onion. Matthias, because I was like, but you call me to do this. And you, he says, Yes, however, I'm still working on you. Viv I'm still working on you and so that humbled me, and that helped me, because it's his process, it's not ours, yeah, yeah,

Matthias Miller  47:55
oh, man, I do that. I mean, I do that with my kids, you know, a dozen times a day, but we don't see it again, does it? That's so good. That's

Speaker 1  48:06
so good. And Matthias, all we have to do is continue to allow our father to teach us how to manage every relationship in our life. He's got everybody's blueprint, especially when they frustrate us. Matthias, especially, I've got people that I absolutely have to be in relationship with. My Lord. How long? You know? That's what Jesus said. These were disciples God appointed to him. He was like, Oh, they get on my nerves. Why is Why are they always asking? What position do they have? Why are they, you know, they're asking questions that are irrelevant, and God says, but that's who they are. That's where they are. Developmentally. They don't know any better. I'm telling you it's real, and you do and you do a great job of it. Matthias, and I'm just here to sojourn with you in this season. I'm just here. I'm just this temporary person. And, you know, temporary could last 1000 years with God. You know we don't. We don't know how temporary his temporary is, but what we do know Matthias is that he cares enough to make sure that we have everything that we need that pertains to life and godliness. Okay? And by you being in relationship with these people that surround you, they're going to grow, and God's going to show you how to help them grow, not force them help, support like the Holy Ghost, come alongside of them, nurture them in it. You know you. You know what I'm hearing. Matthias, you ready for this? Yeah, hang on, just a second. Okay, I'm gonna,

Matthias Miller  50:10
I'm gonna have to, we can, we can keep the conversation going. I'm gonna have to move inside. We can keep

Unknown Speaker  50:17
this going.

Matthias Miller  50:18
No, office like,

Speaker 1  50:19
yeah, no problem getting your things together. Do you have another appointment at 1130 No,

Matthias Miller  50:27
no, I need it. No, I don't. I just need to work from our youngest or little one sleeping in the house and my office right now. So you want to go in

Unknown Speaker  50:39
and call me right back. Yeah, tell

Matthias Miller  50:43
you what. Let me call you back in just a few minutes.

Unknown Speaker  50:44
Yeah, call me right back. Okay, all right, okay. One Okay,

Matthias Miller  50:53
yep, we're good. We're

Speaker 1  50:54
good. Okay, good. And so I've got two things I'm going to share with you until our next time that we talk. And these two things are, you're a sent one, when you get a chance, I don't know, can you write it down now? Yeah, I've got it right now. Okay, you're a sent one, and you have a shepherd's heart. That's number one. Those two things are the one. One thing, you're a sent one, and you have a shepherd's heart. And then the second thing, you must manage the environment and relationships. Environments and relationships are not to manage you. Uh,

Speaker 1  51:54
yes, okay, and that's until we have our next continue with the detox of those things, that list that you write wrote, go back to that and sit with those things when you have a chance. And it's not a particular time when you need to do it, but as you see, said, go back to that list and sit with it. Okay, if you may pick one thing or one person you know, one particular one of those, and sit with an essay. Okay, Lord, talk to me about this. And it's at your choosing. Okay, you're in charge. You and God, no one else is in charge. Yeah, yeah, okay, and I'm just a text and a email and a phone call away.

Matthias Miller  52:50
You got it? You got it,

Speaker 1  52:54
perfect, all right, okay, blessings on you and your household. Matthias, you're blessed when you rise up, you're blessed when you lie down. You're blessed when you go out and you're blessed when you come back in. Matthias, everything you do is blessed, even in your stages of learning, you're blessed. You are one blessed Son of God. That's who you are. Good, okay, right, all right, so just let me know when the next time you're available for us.

Matthias Miller  53:37
All right. Sounds good,

Speaker 1  53:40
okay, God bless, yep, All right, thanks, goodbye, bye, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai