Matthias Miller  00:00
Second been, been. Got those, okay, so got the got those two steps sent out and from my Facebook profile. Got them sent out from the LinkedIn messaging. Okay, so those things are at least in motion there. And got Mindy, started on for training,

Unknown Speaker  00:35
but you've been busy. That's good.

Matthias Miller  00:39
And connecting with connected with Craig earlier today as well. So there's definitely some things to unpack with that as well. Okay,

Speaker 1  00:56
so how often are you guys meeting? Is it like every day or

Matthias Miller  01:01
No, right now, it's been, it's, it's once a week, but an hour is barely enough, yeah, and then we're going into the holiday so wondering, I don't know, yeah, which raises the whole thing of like,

Speaker 1  01:19
have you had that conversation you and Craig? Like, what kind of time does he have? Have you guys had the conversation? I think he's got more than I do. Oh, for sure.

Matthias Miller  01:30
So I haven't really talked about over the holidays, like it's just not been I don't know. I'm not sure what my mind? Yeah,

Speaker 1  01:44
how much time are you giving to the holiday?

Matthias Miller  01:53
Somewhere from one to two weeks.

Speaker 1  01:56
Okay, so you're going to break like for one or two weeks. Yes. Is that what you do every year?

Matthias Miller  02:06
It's close to that. And I'm not quite sure if I'm comfortable with that, but,

Speaker 1  02:21
oh, it's been a long time. I started a house with other family members because now with covid, it shouldn't look a little different. Or is it just commitment to the house? It's commitment to the house. Okay,

Matthias Miller  02:35
so here's the difference, my wife and I at least partially talked through last week. I don't know that we did all the way. I grew up in rural, agricultural Kansas as the son of a retail, gross grocer.

Speaker 1  02:55
Oh, wow, so you never had a vacation. Oh, no,

Matthias Miller  03:00
no, no, no,

Unknown Speaker  03:02
you worked harder.

Matthias Miller  03:04
Oh yeah, oh yeah, that's right, you work until you ate separate. We normally ate supper at like seven o'clock. Holidays, you eat it at eight o'clock, or whatever it is.

Speaker 1  03:14
Yeah, you get an hour. You gotta you get it. And then

Matthias Miller  03:19
Christmas morning, I wake up like a kid, and house is quiet. Everybody else is sleeping, getting all caught up on their sleep. And, you know, that's the that's the rhythm, that's the groove. Her dad worked for a, for, you know, he was a, he was still is truck driver for, for corporate farm equipment, okay, company. And so he gets paid vacation every Christmas. And her, her mind, it was longer than what it actually was. But anyway, and

Speaker 1  03:56
so, you know, Matthias, that is hilarious. So what's your plan? Man, you gotta, you gotta have a strategy, sir,

Matthias Miller  04:03
I know I need a strategy. The big thing right now, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  04:10
what's the big thing right now?

Matthias Miller  04:14
Big thing right now is I've got some money caught up that needs to get itself moving, because I I did not see it waiting this long to get here.

Speaker 1  04:25
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Have you patient with her? Can you have it with her about the time or the money, right? Like, how expensive? What? How expensive is your conversation with her about the real deal. Of the real deal,

Matthias Miller  04:53
it's not extensive, okay? And when I start to go there, it brings up a lot of stuff, okay? And so

Speaker 1  05:04
I got a question, how forgiving is your wife? How forgiving on a scale of one to

Matthias Miller  05:13
10? Oh, she'll get mad for a day or two or three, and then she'll get over it.

Speaker 1  05:18
Okay? And and and so who's the most mature in the relationship, in your marriage?

Matthias Miller  05:34
I think it's usually me. I

Unknown Speaker  05:35
don't know. Okay, what's the age of difference between the two of you

Speaker 1  05:43
three. I'm three years older, okay, and I'm asking these questions for a reason,

Unknown Speaker  05:51
because I'll just give you some of my challenges that I've had

Speaker 1  05:58
that when the person doesn't understand my responsibilities, it's going to be a fight, a verbal bra. When I sit down and I say, okay, and I you know, I'm transparent, there is no bra. I just have to be super wise in how I spend my time because, but I had to get us to the point of that conversation. Yeah, and like you're growing your team and growing your business, guess who else you gotta grow? Yeah, and that's a prayer thing, because nobody's going beyond where they are without the hand of God, it's just not going to happen. And so it's not it's not to be discouraged, but it's to be real with yourself and planning months ahead, like, okay, honey, this is where I am. This is what I'm working towards. And I just need to tell you now, not the week of a whole. You know, I'm being honest. To be forewarned is to be forearmed. So I may get angry, but I'm thinking, well, this is our livelihood. And you see what I'm saying, the fact, because we have these pictures women, I'm speaking of us, of this world that doesn't exist, and we almost kill ourselves, because life is every day. It's not this whole project, because humans are involved. Okay, we got this perfect blah, blah, blah, okay, everybody gets sick in the house, or when the kids just goes fast sick, and we can't do any of the plans that we had because we don't know what's going on with you. And that that was our reality over and over again in my own house that I grew up in of nine children, and it was my reality in raising eight boys for four years that the best of our plans Matthias something, and even if I prophesied decree, declare, Lord, please, okay, why were you playing with that? My goal is not to send the emergency room on Christmas Eve, but your knucklehead itself, you you see what I'm saying. Matthias, but all those things, they grew me up, and I realized life like this. Get that out of your head. That's not life. It's not your fairy tale, it's not your favorite play, it's not your favorite movie, it's not what your friends are lying to you about and saying this happened, and so that's part of your development and growth. There's a book, and I don't know the author, when mama ain't happy, ain't nobody happy, yeah, a real book written by a woman was a nightmare in her marriage and in her home, because things are not going her way, and God began to break her down and help her understand the world doesn't evolve around you, but, but God has to bring a person near Matthias, yeah, and it's real and it's okay. And so you go to God, Lord, I need your help, because this what I need to do every kind of time I need to spend, show me, show me, show me what I should be doing and when I should be doing, and help me to keep my mouth closed so I don't make no promise.

Matthias Miller  09:40
Yeah, and I think that's been part of the response has been like, if I know she's not ready for it, like, Yeah, before I would have been tried to get her to see my way. And then I'm just like, All right, well, let me just, I mean, with these situation, I was just like, handful of things. I.

Speaker 1  10:01
You gotta go into the garage of spring.

Matthias Miller  10:04
I told her Saturday night, like, sorry. Girl, like, you did not marry your father. And she's like, I didn't expect you to be my father. I just left it the next day. She's like, Yeah, maybe I was expecting you to be too much like my father.

Speaker 1  10:23
You see what I'm saying, Matthias, and that's that's gonna bless your marriage for about 10 more years. Yeah, I'm not and, no, you don't have to say it a million times, but I'm telling you, Matthias, I went through that. I got some stories to tell you, I'm not your mother. I'm not your mother. As a matter of fact, you don't even like that about your mother, so don't you know, and those were honest conversation, because Matthias, part of the reason you married me was because I wasn't like that person. Now, of course, those attributes are ingrained in your heart, in your life. It's like my father, Matthias, there is no man that can live up to him. So it's like, Thank you Lord for that man. But we have to get there. Matthias, women, because every man you know, because all we seen was the first man, our dad, yeah, yeah, and that's real, and we

Matthias Miller  11:26
see him through rose, rose colored glasses. Oh, you

Speaker 1  11:29
better know, we don't see all of them. We see 1/20 of them, everything else.

Matthias Miller  11:41
As awesome as I am, I pity my future sons in law,

Matthias Miller  11:48
messing but you know, yeah,

Speaker 1  11:51
and so Matthias, you gotta have a strategy across the board. Brother, whatever she like, may note and put it on the paper. These are the five things I gotta do, one of these things for me to be able to do that. And I'm telling you, Matthias, it works. I'm a woman, yeah.

Matthias Miller  12:11
So, here's so, yeah. So here's this one, here's, I mean, like, here's another example. I think maybe part of it is just learning to walk it out here. Like, maybe I'm closer than I think it think I am. But yeah, like, we want to take the kids to the trampoline park again for Dante's celebrating Dante's adoption. It's been three years.

Speaker 1  12:29
Oh, wow, congratulations. Yeah, thanks. And so

Matthias Miller  12:37
if she wanted to go tonight, because she wanted to stay at home tomorrow and do things and all this other kinds of stuff. And so I went with it. I was like, Well, how can we make this work? And we talked about it, talked about it, talked about it, talked about it. And then she was like, well, maybe it would work better tomorrow. And in my head, what was on my heart the whole time was, we should go tomorrow. We can go before lunch. Lunch will work out better, like, just the kids, like everything will just work out better doing it tomorrow. And instead of trying to pressure or trying to persuade, just allowing her to process it out, yeah, and letting her get there,

Speaker 1  13:17
yeah, just like one of the kids, Matthias, I am not lying. It's no different. No different because, guess what, where her father leaves off. Guess who picks up? Sorry, what's that? Where her dad left off, and her development, who picks up who picks up the tab, friend, that's me, right. Boo, do you speak French? Boo, it's you. Boo, is you in French? Boo, yeah. And so Matthias, you again, but, but guess what? I love about God, the grace to be a father, the grace to be a husband, the grace to be a dominant factor in the earth, the grace to do if the most, if the omnipresent, I'm all potent, omnipotent, omniscient, all knowing. God lives in us. He got every strategy we need for everything we do. Matthias, yeah, and when we go to him about the thing you know, because when you put me in the boxing ring, I'm going to I'm going to stand and let you swing, because here's what I know, when you swing, because I didn't swing back. God going to clock you. He going to wear you out. You're not going to be able to sleep at night because he said, listen, the battle is not yours. Matthias, yeah, it's mine. Get my strategy and win every time it looks like they had to have horses and chariots. Here he is, get those clay pots and get this and, you know. Go hide in a bush and make a lot of noise. Go, don't walk around the wall. None of that cost some people anything. Matthias, so everybody gets taken to the altar, everybody and everything, because God is the one that gave you all this responsibility. You didn't give it to yourself. He made you a man.

Matthias Miller  15:22
God knows, I never signed up for

Speaker 1  15:25
it. Matthias, do you think women signed up for all the beautiful things they got to do that men, but please. And you know what? It's funny, I have, I have a really good friend. And he says to me, Viv, oh, my god. How are you able to talk to me, like one of the men. And I said, I have five crazy brothers and a father, so I got to study all I mean, it was like, Matthias, you gotta be kidding me. Then I go into the Navy. Yeah, the male dominated united. And I was like, but see, it was all grooming for whatever God had me to do. Matthias, yeah, all of this is grooming, dude. We're just getting sorry. We're not even in the thick, and I'm fixing some it was so beautiful Carrie's planet. They did a tribute, and I'm gonna, I should send, I'm gonna send it to you. It's really beautiful. Matthias, we'll do it. We'll do it after the holiday or whenever. You just tell me, Hey, this send me the truth. I'm not sending it to you because you don't have done but anyway, it was really nice for my birthday, and I and I listened to it, and I just laughed, because what they saw me was everything that month was almost the death of my father to develop in me. He got close like Vivian, are you listening? Because I was I was me. I was a litigator, I was a negotiator, I was a diplomat, I was everything. My dad was like, can you just go outside and jump rope? Why are we even having this come but my brain didn't work like that. Matthias, yeah, because of how God wired me. So I'm an exception. I'm not the rule. I'm the exception. However, guess what? I've got to develop a school of women. I wonder why my he will hide his stuff in a man and a woman and a cat and a dog and a sheep and a lamb. He don't care. Get the message to the people. Get the people delivered, get the people healed, get the people transform, convert. So Matthias, this is child's play. You study your kids study. I say, Hm, this works for him. And just go on and do what God told you to do. You got the capacity, sir, yeah, but keep your mouth closed and don't make a promise for the next year. Yeah, let them. Let them make all the decisions in the house like they making them. But what you're doing, you're being quiet. The Word of God says like quietness and confidence to your strength. Now they think they running out. But really you you helping them think they run in the house. Yeah, yeah, you know what you want to do. But you say, I don't know, what are you catching and what I think, I think you're gonna hear about seven, I think. And then you say, Okay, well, let's see what is the majority, and just be the greatest good for my negotiator, as I say, we love dad, because we get to make a decision on Dad has sense enough to be quiet. Let you all fight each other go at each other's throat when the dust settle. Okay, let's take a vote or whatever. What's the consensus, honey? What mama has the final word, Mama, what you want to do? Mama, say, Well, I think we should ask dad, and they're going, No, no, no, no, that's what my father used to do. Because it was 910, of us, Mama and us, and we would go at it. Oh, no, man, we dividing up, you know, eight groups, then we divide into six groups, then we divide into four groups. Then we just, you know, he would just let us work and work, work, till we got to mama. And mom would say, Well, I think your dad and he knew that, yeah, you got it, yeah. But a year, don't make one promise. Matthias, cuz the promises get us into get us in trouble. I call everybody Okay, give me three things you want. I don't know what I want, okay? Nico, let me know, but within a week, because after that, the door is shut. I don't know what I want. I don't. Know what I want. When they get to him what they don't want, I get them what I wanted, because I put it out by this date I need to know, and then I don't backtrack. And you know who taught me that my father, because when you didn't tell him in time, guess what? He was looking at the other kids like, oh my god, I couldn't, at least answer what she asked for, you know, because he would get us what he wanted us to heaven. It was always amazing, but it was something I did want, but I didn't keep the deadline. He didn't play that. He didn't play with that Matthias, it was too many of us, yeah, you alright? You on schedule. We're learning, and we learn and we get better. We get better at it, and we grow. That's what it's about. Getting better and growing, getting wiser, getting stronger, growing. That's all God care about. He perfection is already in heaven, Him, the Holy Ghost and the son we're down here, approximating and hoping and praying and believing that we're going to be all of where we need to be. But the grace of God is self sufficient. Matthias, and when I got exasperated with those eight boys, 96 I was going around and crying, wouldn't talk to nobody, and when I came out, it would be a couple of days, I was really tired of everybody, my husband, everybody. And when I would come out, everything I wanted to happen had happened, because they understood that you do this, you do that, I'm telling you, down to the letter Matthias, you get where I'm going. So sometimes we take our hands off, like I'm not even going there today. Yeah, and we look up in God, yeah. No stress. This is a note these last days we got left. Matthias, the 18th we got 13 days left to enjoy the father in 2020 believe the year in worship, regardless of what is, what ain't, what did, what didn't, who is, who's not, who. You know, I'm shutting, I'm shutting so much stuff down right now. Matthias, I just text somebody. I said, Listen, we're going to put off our meeting every two weeks until after the new year. We'll decide when. But guess what? They don't know. I'm not I'm not reconvening in January. I'm working things quarterly. So that means, Matthias, uh, y'all might not hear from me till March. I'm talking about these people, because everybody gotta grow right through here. Everybody, yeah, yeah, and it's probably why he didn't give me kids, you know, he let me flip through the through life with no natural kids, because I'm that person. No, no, we don't all have to go crazy. No, there's an answer. There's a way to do this, you know, yeah, amen, you're winning. Keep winning. Keep thinking, keep studying, keep strategizing, and stay away from crazy. Yeah, it doesn't matter where it comes from. Say, in your heart, this is crazy. I'm not doing and you will find the peace and the strength. You'll be so healthy. Matthias, there is a balance, but everybody got to get it, and there is no one way to do anything.

Speaker 1  23:50
Yeah, so as well, exhale and enjoy yourself this last two weeks. And I'm saying the way Matthias work may be your way. You know, talking to people may be away, but be Matthias, yeah, 100% Matthias, yeah, yeah, because that's who God loves. He loves you, yeah. Now what you do, not your gifts, not your talents, not your abilities, not your capacity. Love you. Yeah. So it's gonna be all right, and it's already All right, and we grow through and go through. We grow through and go through. Remember the baby. They're cutting teeth because they're getting older, but they Oh, you know, he got up and just wanted to play, hey, this is hurting, but I gotta do something to preoccupy myself. Yeah, and you were wise enough to let him Matthias, because that was his way. And guess what? He'll never forget. It you you may think, Ah, this is me. What he'll say, I remember that time. You say, What? You remember what? When he was cutting teeth. Matthias, I remember my dad worked in a steel mill, and so he worked midnight to seven. That was his favorite shift, because he could be with us during the day and see our day, you know, go to sleep before midnight. Matthias, my dad had a Chevy. It had to be in this it was a 60 something. And you know those, well, you wouldn't remember these old fashioned car seats had hooks on them, and you hook it on the back of the seat, and because, you know, kids could ride in the front seat. Man, yeah. And right about before my dad was having to get home, I would cry like, like somebody beat me. So he was he would come home and hear me screaming, and he would get me, put me in a car seat, dropped around the block, and I would go to sleep. Matthias, what kind of mess is that? But I was so brilliant. I'm talking about I was a baby Matthias. You know that? Remember that car ride? Wow. And do you know, do you know how many times he had to do that car ride every night? My mother looked upside my head and say, If you cry, I'm gonna beat you, and your Daddy gonna have a reason to intervene. You will not, he will not drive you. I mean, she, because I was old enough where, you know, I understood, like, okay, whatever you was doing, you need to stop there. But I'm telling you, I remember that car ride. Matthias, yeah, and I couldn't walk. My mother would have me dressed and on the pallet because she knew I was gonna holler. I was like clockwork when my dig, I guess the prophetic was working me. Dad's on his way home, let it rip so he could walk in, pick me up, and she would have me already dressed, put me in that car, ride me around the block, bring me back, and I'm down for the I'm down for the rest of whatever. So this is what I'm saying. Matthias, no, you're not held hostage by anybody, nobody. Yeah, that's Well, welcome to Liberty, Liberty, Liberty. New day, new day. It's a new day. I'm 60 years old. You're gonna get some different stuff. You got what it takes. You got what it takes. You got what it takes. Gotta take care of Matthias. You're winning.

Speaker 1  27:56
Yeah, God is so good. He just He loves us, all of us. He loves every part of us. He's not partial. He loves us when we get things done. He loves us when we're utter failures. He loves us when we're on top of the world. He He loves us when we don't want to go out the house.

Speaker 1  28:22
You so your strength, you just keep the path, you keep the journey, and don't when you get an idea, you better have a little pad somewhere and make notes, but he's not gonna stop because it's a Christmas break, yeah,

Matthias Miller  28:45
yeah, more than ever,

Speaker 1  28:49
yeah, more than ever, because you rest, and then you're chilling, you know, and just get you to have your little something, little hand pad in your pocket and write it down. Sometimes, that's who you are, and that's not your fault. God designed you to change the world so that ain't that's not your fault. Don't let it be Yeah, yeah. No, apology for being who you are. Yeah,

Speaker 1  29:37
it's so funny. Matthias, you can tell val is getting older, because when he gets in trouble, he hugs me and I go, that's not going to stop me from getting you, because I love you, because you see, he's his cognitive his is thinking, his critical thinking is working now, so the minute which I hear from it. If it gets broken. And then he meets me. I'm on my way to where he meets me. He hasn't Give me a hug. I say, what happened? Tell me what happened. See, I'm teaching him, because you can't pay your way out of trouble, sir, and his hug. Let's go see what happens. Then he goes, That's okay, valer, what were you doing? And then he talks, I can't understand sometimes. I say, okay, Valerie, do you understand why I don't want you over there? You understand why don't want you touching that? So I do my little thing, and I let him go, because he's learning, but he understands there are consequences. I don't give name all the time, but you're gonna you're gonna face me, because that's God. We gotta face God.

Speaker 1  30:56
I'm excited about where you are, right on schedule. Okay, yeah, and you got to know that. And you tell yourself, on schedule, I'm on schedule. That's all my schedule. Yeah, no time with God Matthias. We have, we need Cairo a Chronos. God doesn't need chronological time, but we operating on this side of heaven. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  31:26
yeah, hey, can I call you back in like two minutes?

Unknown Speaker  31:30
Yeah, that's fine. Yeah, okay, okay, bye, bye. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai