Speaker 1  00:00
Remorse and no remorse. Keep that child in prayer and say before God about it. And if he tells you something different, but he's telling you a flat No, for a reason, you don't violate that. Yeah. Okay, okay, yep. Keep them in keep them in prayer. Keep them connected. You know, visitation is totally different from permanent. Yes, that's right. Okay, that's right. There's 100 ways to keep them together. Matthias, not, not at the expense of your house. Yes. Okay, okay, makes sense. I just wanted to share that. But never, never, never, never. You guys, your hearts are wide as heaven. It's not that you don't want that child, but if it's not, if it's not an, if it's not a, yeah, Matthias, we don't violate it. Yeah, yeah. If there's no peace, we don't violate it. Yep, that's good. And have peace with it. Okay, have peace and but keep that child lifted up. You can love on that child. You can keep them communicating with one another. But guess what at this point in time, Matthias, you're not being called to lay down your life for this child. It doesn't mean God doesn't love the child. It doesn't mean you don't love the child. It may be a not now, yeah, and you don't violate that. Yeah. Okay, and we'll talk more. Yeah? When I saw the text, I was like, Whoa, I need to call you right now, immediately. Let me tell you, Holy Spirit says this is not to compromise his household, yeah, and if it's not the time, Matthias is not the time and feel comfortable with that, and have peace about that, okay, because there's other things going on. Good thing. And let me tell you something, one human being and the whole thing can crumble. Whatever you guys are working on, whatever you're building, I'm telling you, Matthias, it don't matter how old that human being is or how young, it's timing. Okay, wow, yes, timing. It's not, we don't want you. It's not we're abandoning you. We're rejecting you. Get rid of all of that. It's about timing. Matthias, and we don't, we don't do anything out of anxiety. Yeah, when I don't have peace, Matthias, I don't do it. Okay? So good. So good, yeah, yeah. Peace is you and your wife. Umpire. When you don't have peace, just put it on pause, and it's a not now. We're not saying no forever, but not now, and God will tell you when, if so. Yep, okay, alright, that's all I have to do. That's all I wanted to say. Love you guys, and I'm right here. And just like we did, we can, you know, you can reach out, and I can let you know, okay, between this time and this time, and we're good. Sounds good. Sounds good. Awesome. Blessings on your holiday. Love your babies, love on your family. God is choosing you because of how you love your family. You don't stop that, and you don't compromise that for any body or anything. Your house is intact. You keep it that way. Yeah, yeah. Let mama know what I said. We'll get a chance to talk. Yeah, I'll share that. Okay, all right, okay. Love you guys. Appreciate it. Okay, no problem. All right, and thank you. Send me the name of your company, because I got your payment. I was like, Is this Matthias? So send me the name of your company. Oh, yeah, I'll do that. It was sent. Okay, so I'll know it's your company. Okay, you got it? Okay. All right, thanks. Okay. All right, you too, bye, bye, goodbye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai