Speaker 1  00:00
Up, yeah, your last thoughts. Tell me what you're thinking. What do you so

Matthias Miller  00:09
a few thoughts. One is that, like, I'm understanding more of the process of the kind of the blindness, or, like, the not seeing, yeah, being led. One of the things I feel like Melvin actually gave me a word almost a month ago about about dismantling human systems, and actually makes a lot of sense of what you're saying with nonprofits. And like, when you when you were saying that, felt like, like God was saying, like, this is, this is a dismantling of this system. This is something that's kind of been in my heart, but, but I haven't really, I guess, brought it to the surface and let it really bubble up, yeah, but moving from there into, into either, I mean, either, either into just straight up entrepreneurship, or into social entrepreneurship, yeah, and helping people understand the value of giving value to The people who are, who are, you know, giving them money. And obviously, if it's coming from an overflow anyway, there's all that stuff, you know, that so. But then there's also this whole thing of, probably one of the big things too, is I feel like I should want to do the things that I'm supposed to do, like, like, this last kid that we took in, like, yeah, like, I really didn't want to want to say yes, because it was disruptive, and it meant I don't Know It was disruptive,

Unknown Speaker  01:41
okay, and so, why did you say yes?

Matthias Miller  01:47
Because my my wife, felt a piece about it and okay, and I found a piece about it,

Speaker 1  01:56
okay, and so and so. You know what Matthias walk it out and hear, hear from God and DO what He tells you to do, because something we experience are making us to you know, oftentimes we're, we're on the giving end, Matthias, but then it's something in that thing that's given back to us too. And oftentimes we don't see it in the beginning, Matthias, we don't, you know. And going back to my experience with the group home with the boys, one of my sons, but he calls me mom. He He went to Northwestern Theological School here in Chicago, and just amazing, an amazing young man, and he was very manipulative when he was in a home, and I would always deal with him and challenge him on that, because he had all this other beauty about him. But that area right there, I said that right there is going to be your challenge, and you've got to demand what you got. And so now, with just this Mother's Day we had, because he's 40. Now, we had this conversation, Matthias, and he said, Mom, do you remember how you wouldn't let me get away with nothing? I mean, I was on him, Matthias, because I saw that thing. I saw the root of that thing, and God wouldn't let me give him rest. And he said, Mom, do you know today? He said, Whenever I'm challenged in that area, I hear your voice. You are not to be manipulative. Now that was 20 years ago, Matthias, but that that voice still stands. And so I was only in their lives, his life for maybe, I think I met him at 14, and I had him tell he was 18 for four years. But because of the divine connection of God, he wouldn't let me out of his life like I was done, like Lord, I know, want to see another. No, kind of, you know, if you know, you get burned out, but you know, I repaired children, oh, because of that time, however, the fruit of it now, I see it. You're a farmer. You're a farmer. You gotta remember that, yeah. Mm, hmm, that's good. It's like, you know what it's like

Matthias Miller  04:46
in the moment. We've talked about this too. Are they ever going to get it? Are they ever going

Speaker 1  04:54
to see one that will rip your heart out? Matthias, I want you and your wife. To meet him. Richard is amazing, and we could do it in a conference call, but he is amazing, and he's an advocate for children that awards of the state right now he He's the heir of Father John Smith, which had the most profound service for children in the Chicagoland area. He just passed, I think, two years ago, but Richard is his adopted son, the one that I raised. That's how powerful God is, and he left his legacy to Richard. And Richard over things that you it will blow your wife mind. Matthias, he was an advocate. He is an advocate. Yeah, now, but you better know brother, that one I could smell when he was there, manipulative, and I said, You will not. You will not. Your motive is on pure, you know. And I would just address them and hit him right upside his head with and so Matthias, we got to arrange that call, you know, so you can hear it from him. You could hear the stories from him.

Matthias Miller  06:21
Yeah, absolutely,

Speaker 1  06:23
yeah. We got to do that. And she heard from God, and he don't see don't tell you what you're getting yourself into. I just, I just want you to know that Matthias, you don't. You don't do that. You don't. That's not how you do you don't tell you what you what he didn't you don't tell you wouldn't do it. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  06:48
yeah, it's true.

Speaker 1  06:55
Yeah. And what I want you to do Matthias with the children, do some anecdotal for me, like stuff you say, Man, I want to talk to viewers about this, you and your wife, so we can have conversation about that. Okay, yeah, I want, I want to do that. I desire to

Speaker 1  07:20
he and you're on the path, keep walking. Yeah, keep walking.

Matthias Miller  07:37
Good. It's good. It's good

Speaker 1  07:42
and give, give your, give my love to your bride, and tell her I said, I love you, and we gotta talk when she's available, when one of them days she's hiding. And, you know, we just have a 15 minute conversation. Or, you know, Girl Talk, yep, sounds good. Okay, so you'll let me know when the next time we're going to talk okay on all that you do and blessings on you and your wife and your household and name amen, amen. Now go get them. Okay, if you run back in the house, I'm pushing you back out there. Truth. Okay. Do all right, you're welcome. No, no problem. It's my jewelry. Talk to you guys. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai