Matthias Miller  00:00
Yo, never mind that was the right number. I didn't

Unknown Speaker  00:06
that's okay. Well, I

Matthias Miller  00:16
have just as many questions, different

Unknown Speaker  00:19
ones. Okay?

Matthias Miller  00:23
A lot of this comes down to, well, first of all, I had that post that is, like, there are people who are in bleeding neck pain, really. So one of the guys is like, Yeah, I'm basically telling people, no, I can't do it. Go find somebody else to go do it, because I can't find anybody any work for me anyway. And so I'm not sure exactly what the solution looks like there,

Unknown Speaker  00:54
but okay, it's

Matthias Miller  00:58
interesting for sure.

Unknown Speaker  01:00
Okay, I

Matthias Miller  01:03
also had a conversation with Ian and discontinuing the conversation of, what does it look like to best utilize resources, because that's what he thrives on. And his basic question was, well, his basic words were, feels like we're tipping our toe in the water and we're never completely, fully going all in on it. I'm like, that's fine. I mean, yeah, I mean, that's sure feedback, partially because most of the time we don't, I'm not getting the support that I need to actually go all in on it. Okay, and it's a challenge for me to stay consistent with these things. I

Matthias Miller  02:04
It's also easy for me. I think we can find some common ground that we agree with, agree on, okay, most simply being, what would it look like if the team, as a team, we went all in on, how can we get me on as many conversations with people who can afford the 4800 price point and we look for problems to solve.

Matthias Miller  02:36
He has very different perspective on the utilization of resources partially because of past experiences. I don't know. I just don't know. When

Speaker 1  02:52
you say past experiences, are you speaking in a sense of Ian, what he has experienced, or what the team has experienced,

Matthias Miller  03:00
especially what Ian has experienced somewhat the team. Okay, mostly before, what we've tried to do is

Matthias Miller  03:15
we've mostly been unsuccessful. Well, most of what we've tried to do is tried to build the whole thing before we know what it is that they really want. Okay,

Speaker 1  03:28
build the whole thing. Give me some more insight on that.

Matthias Miller  03:35
Sorry, what was that?

Speaker 1  03:36
When you say, build the whole thing, that we've tried to build the whole thing. So give me a little more insight on that.

Matthias Miller  03:45
So basically, build what you think people want. Oh, I guess, okay, if they need it.

Speaker 1  03:56
Okay, how long? How long were you doing that? Or what was the lifespan of that?

Matthias Miller  04:04
It's been a little while, okay, but it feels to me, and again, this is, this is from okay. So in his mind, we have all this machinery that can build software. So let's put it to use. All we need is people and or all we need is conversations and leads. I'm sitting here, over here, thinking, Yeah, but let's still put this back to, I'm not opposed to that, if that's what people need, yeah, yeah, but we're still back to, here's what we have. Do you want it? And I think what we can land on, I use the example of a garden. So it's kind of the difference between saying, Okay, guys, let's go look at see if we can find some, some tomatoes. Okay? And we go looking for tomatoes. And I. There's no tomatoes anywhere. And we say, well, let's go looking for some cucumbers. And there's no cucumbers anywhere. The difference between that and saying, Let's go looking for some gardens I like. And we think we're looking for tomatoes, and, oh, by the way, there's some carrots here, right? Well, we're here anyway. Let's take the carrots.

Speaker 1  05:19
Come on, come on. So,

Matthias Miller  05:23
so I'm still not 100% sure. Okay, completely on board, but maybe part of the we can't agree on, let's find people and, yeah, have conversations, because that solves everything right

Unknown Speaker  05:42
now. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  05:46
and from there, we can from there, if I start bringing in 5k here and there, from these conversations, without burden on the team, and without sacrificing what else we're doing, I'm I'd be hard pressed to see why. Well, I mean, I don't answer to him anyway, right? I would be hard pressed to see why, why there would be a complaint about that,

Speaker 1  06:13
right? And so my question is, Matthias, how long have you and Ian been team members,

Matthias Miller  06:23
two and a half years, maybe

Unknown Speaker  06:25
two and a half years, okay?

Matthias Miller  06:28
And how long multiple years, okay.

Speaker 1  06:31
So this is you and Ian, right, yeah. And then how long have you and Tim

Matthias Miller  06:38
been? I would say year and a half,

Speaker 1  06:41
okay, and so with Ian, when things in the sense of what was the initial relationship with the two of you like, for example, how did you become teammates? Take me through that.

Matthias Miller  06:57
He was originally doing testing on the software, and then we moved him into sales, and then got him involved more in kind of project management stuff, and started involving him in some of the conversations with some of the nonprofit consulting that we were looking to do.

Speaker 1  07:15
Okay, and so, how would you go ahead? I'm listening. I was

Matthias Miller  07:20
going to say that the nonprofit, startup side is really where probably lost, well, I don't know it's probably part of where I lost that lost that trust, but also just that that side of things is probably partially where I lost that trust. But also, I don't know also,

Speaker 1  07:48
what's your gut feeling? Matthias, no hold bars, what's your what's your gut feeling with Ian? What are you thinking like? What's your gut here's my truth concerning Ian,

Matthias Miller  08:11
he's hard to be convinced. And if we can find common ground and work from that, like if, if we say, I don't know,

Speaker 1  08:28
what if, let's say, let's say you and Ian were not team members. Let's just cut that. How would you discern him as a person like what would be your three things you would say about Ian from your perspective, three things, and they don't have to be positive, they don't have to be negative, just three things that stand very front and center with you, concerning him. Here it is. Let's do it like this. Matthias, what are your challenges and what are your blessings? Give me two to three challenges you have within and two to three blessings. And we could start either way, with the blessings or the challenges. Um,

Matthias Miller  09:26
minimally adaptive, highly opinionated.

Matthias Miller  09:34
I And there's a third I don't I don't even know quite how to quantify the third trait, probably analytical, which could be a pro and a con. The blessing. Is great at sales, great at follow up,

Matthias Miller  10:14
and

Matthias Miller  10:20
great at making sure things get done.

Speaker 1  10:24
Okay and and so what would be your number one challenge with him? Give me your number one challenge with the end, and then you can give me two or three after that, if you you know if there is a two or three mm, what one day

Matthias Miller  10:49
probably my number one challenge is that

Unknown Speaker  10:54
he probably my

Matthias Miller  10:59
number One challenge is I don't feel like he actually I actually, well, yeah, doesn't always feel like, feel to me, like he values and respects my opinion.

Speaker 1  11:10
And you know what? And that's that's critical. And here's why there's number one. How does then,

Matthias Miller  11:22
she? Should know this too, upper 20s, maybe.

Speaker 1  11:26
Okay, older Is he older or younger than you? He's younger than he's younger than me. Okay, and so Matthias, now, when you, when you cut, when you, when you speak to what I'm going to say this, does he come across to you as a know it all, or knows more, as if in from his perspective, from his view. Does that ever happen where it appears that he knows he feels like he knows more, or, you know what I'm saying, like, does it feel like people? It's not like that.

Matthias Miller  12:00
It's not like that. It's like I have a question that I need to have answered before I can go

Speaker 1  12:07
anywhere. Okay. He has to Okay. He has has a question before he can go anywhere. He has questions. Okay, I got you. So is that personality or is that technicality?

Matthias Miller  12:27
It's a little bit of both, but I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  12:29
Okay, how long have you known him?

Matthias Miller  12:34
I mean, just since he's

Speaker 1  12:36
worked for me, and how did he become a part of the team, like, where from, from home.

Matthias Miller  12:45
It was a referral from my brother, Ellis. And we had done a software project for nonprofit. He was working at,

Unknown Speaker  12:56
okay, Ian was working there, or your brother,

Matthias Miller  13:00
he was, he was not working for my brother. He's well, he worked for the mission organization that my brother's with, and so he was very familiar with her software. Okay, Ellis saw him to be a stand up guy, and said we should bring him on, because he has this interest in what what we're building.

Speaker 1  13:17
Okay, okay. And so how long did your brother know? I don't

Matthias Miller  13:25
really know. I don't know how well he actually knew him

Speaker 1  13:31
Okay, and so your first opinion of him when you first met Ian, what was it? What was your first impression? We're going back. I'm going through this for a reason.

Matthias Miller  14:00
It's been a while. So when was the first time, the first time I would have talked to him? It was about the was about the role. Probably, I

Matthias Miller  14:16
don't know if I remember,

Speaker 1  14:19
okay, do you know what Ian's aspirations are? Outside of code house,

Matthias Miller  14:25
he's talked some about being able to generate he's talked some about doing like a Spanish, Spanish language classes, or having something that's largely passive, some kind of largely passive income. Do more of what he wants to do, but I'm not, honestly, I'm not sure,

Speaker 1  14:52
okay. Do you know what his passion is? I.

Unknown Speaker  15:07
Oh, what is it? What is he passionate about? I

Matthias Miller  15:14
don't know if I have a good answer for that. Okay, sure. I mean, there's, there's pieces of it may be church planting. Okay,

Speaker 1  15:25
so is he interested in is he in church leadership right now?

Matthias Miller  15:31
He is an executive assistant right now and working with a group of people on a church plant. I'm not sure exactly is what was that, but it's a small group, so there's some level of leadership there. Okay?

Speaker 1  15:44
Because here's the thing, one of the one of the new things that's going on in in the building process of code house is everybody that gets attached, they the person gets attached. And we realize that, that when, when we inherit a talent, we're inheriting the person. Yeah, and, and in that sense, for example, I have let me think 1234, I think five women on the team build this school of women, and all of them have extremely different, different personalities. Yeah, and when I communicate with them, Matthias, it's very generic, but then I have one on one conversations with them, because I know who's how who is going to digest what, because of my familiarity with them. And so there are like yourself, Matthias, you are a rare bird. Write that down. You're rare. You are not normal, okay, yeah, in a good way. Yeah, that that's a compliment, because there are so many cookie cutter people, Matthias and we talked about that briefly, that if it's not done like this, you know it, and I'm going to use this as an example, and no pun intended, you got your Pharisees and your Sadducees. Okay, yes, they both belong to God. But some of them were so legal. Well, all of them were so legalistic. Jesus really couldn't do a lot with them. Now they it didn't, it didn't make them bad human beings, but their approach to singing was so legal. Listed down to, you know, he healed a man, and he was like, How dare you do this on a Sabbath and do but it's one of your little cows or one of your little herds, whatever falls in the ditch on a Sabbath, you're going to go get it out. So, so why are you having issues and and, so I, I honestly believe Ian is in your life, for you to learn that type Matthias, yeah, that's, that's the lab of the year. That's like the lab of the beginning of the decade. Because I have some I'm going to give you this. This is the analogy I have from John the Baptist. What was that skin he wore in camel's hair skin? There are people that God will allow to be in our lives that are camel hair skin. Now what a lot of people don't know is John wore that camel hair skin inside out, so he felt every prickly hair of that camel, yeah, he wore it inside out, and every time he moved, he felt that prick, Yeah, so he's your camel tear, and you laugh, I want you to laugh Matthias. And I want to be like, Oh God, however, that camel's hair was the will of God on John the Baptist, yeah, because God wanted him to know what sin felt like, yeah. So that prickly hair, that that rug, let him know how severe being was, and he was, he was ferocious and dealing with it. And so Ian, is your prickly hair for you. To know what it's like to be legalistic,

Matthias Miller  20:03
yeah,

Speaker 1  20:06
yeah. And how uncomfortable it makes people. I'm just, I mean, I got them. I got them in my life and and that's where these people are developmentally. And I just love them out of it. I just, you know, whenever there's a door Matthias, I invite them in and not enter in with them. In other words, it seems they're slow as molasses, but they love God, but they're so light years behind. You know, in their approach this stuff, I'm like, and so, God, he helped me with that individual. Because I'll say, Lord, now tell me how I need to have this conversation with so and so. And I don't have, I don't struggle with people, but there are some people, they rub me the wrong way, Matthias, fed my camel's air and see, that's what humbles us. It that's what grinds us to powder, Matthias, because, okay, I know I know more than you, and I know I could just run rings around you, but I'm not going there with you. You see what I'm saying? Matthias, yeah, I resist the toe to toe stuff with them, because I understand. And it always takes me back to the most famous words that Jesus, Jesus ever spoke, Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do. Yeah, I've, I've had a Matthias where God connected me to him, and they knew everything, and they knew, you know better, you know, like it was, like always had to take a back seat, even though I understood how God had developed me and this and that, the other and so but I understood that this relationship was more important than me slamming this person, body slamming them, yeah, by grabbing them by the throat and body slamming them, but you, you can't. That's the sign of a leader. Matthias, you can't, because here's the thing, some people, their word is in knowing more than you. I'm telling not you, but anybody. That's where they find value when they don't understand that. God has put value in everybody, and he doesn't have a measuring stick saying, you're this and you're that, you're more this. No, God is saying, Please, just Ephesians four. Just work together. Just work together. And some of you are more mature and better at it than others. And every time I get a camel's hair, I love them into the direction in which they want to go a Matthias, because I don't, I don't tug a war with the camel's hair, I know the camel's hair. I already know how the camel's hair is going to respond. That the camel's hair person gets under my skin more often than most. And so I'm honest with that, with God I say, Lord help me, or Holy Spirit is in my ear again. Matthias, Anthony, this. Don't you respond to that? Because that's who they are, and you let it go, Yeah, and you let it be. Because here's the thing, whatever dreams are and desires and visions and useful testing about humility today, is there is that until he humbles himself, he's not gonna it's not gonna manifest because he has. It's just like, and he's not a Peter, but I'm gonna use Peter until Peter could honestly deny himself. He couldn't succeed. That's real humility. Humility is power under constraint. Yeah. And so one thing about you, Matthias, you are a, you you're a you're a shepherd and a heart. And so you you care about the worst sheep. I'm talking about the sheep that's always getting in trouble, the sheep that's always veering off in the in his own direction. It's like, hey, the rest of the crew is over here. What are you over there doing? And and so that's going to be a prayer. That's going to be prayer Matthias, he's got to be your prayer, your prayer thing. He's got to be your thing in prayer right now, because this has nothing to do with you and everything to do with me. Nothing to do. It. And I think, but

Matthias Miller  25:05
one of the things, if I can jump in, one of the things that's coming to me so clearly from prior conversations with him, and he knows it is that he is called to come alongside visionaries and and I think if you have to, if you have to boil it down, that's what he's called to, yeah, but yeah,

Speaker 1  25:29
and he's, he's got him super in it, Matthias, and that has nothing to do with you, and everything to do with time. It's a time thing. However you keep him in prayer and you get insight and instruction from God how to serve in because the greatest among us is the servant. Yeah, it doesn't matter how much he more he thinks he knows, or this Sonia, or how frustrated he gets because you or business could be this camel tear, yep.

Speaker 1  26:19
Oh, yeah, yeah. Yeah. And then to my thing would be, for the sake of Ian Matthias, everything I share on that staff call, I will put it in bullet points, like, for example, any any new news you got bullet pointed? Well, number one, a this is because that's his risk, and because he has that project manager it, he can pump on that and run with it. You see what I'm saying? Matthias, yeah, yeah. You're his test of humility. Use his real humility test, and if he passes it, he will explode. But as he struggles in it, that that's his proving ground. This is his proving ground with God, not with you. You. It

Matthias Miller  27:28
makes sense,

Speaker 1  27:29
yeah, yeah, yeah, God. God got you, and he's got Ian, and he's got Ian in the right hand. Matthias hands he don't want to be in because of his personality, but God has his thumb on his forehead, yeah, and you'll see him squirm, you know, and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. But at the same time, you keep him in prayer, you take him to God with with the truth Matthias, because God is making him,

Speaker 1  28:16
and this is a critical Time in his development. This is just crucible, working with you that's just crucial.

Unknown Speaker  28:41
What do you?

Matthias Miller  28:58
Well, this is the story of my life, getting put into places people who need to learn how to relate with people like me.

Unknown Speaker  29:07
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  29:08
and be in camels here, and that's all I've been

Unknown Speaker  29:16
Yeah, do?

Matthias Miller  29:24
The grace for

Unknown Speaker  29:25
that. Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  29:33
The other thing is looking at this practically, and I think some of this just practically relating to him. I mean, it's kind of interesting this week that he's got some availability, because he won't give me his time unless he has it. I. And I think one of the things with that as well is as we take a look at how to build some of these things out, it would be easy for him to take these plans as we that we build as

Unknown Speaker  30:23
these are

Matthias Miller  30:26
set in stone, permanent plans come hell or high water. Okay, so I mean just a handful of thoughts on how to relate with him. I think one of the one of the thoughts that comes to mind is simply setting boundaries on what we can agree upon. And if we can't agree past that point, let's at least go, go up through the place that we can agree upon and build that out, yeah, and get the information from there. So that's a very practical, a very practical piece of it,

Speaker 1  30:58
and that gives you peace of mind Matthias, because then you can move on and do whatever else you need to do, excluding him. You see what I'm saying, where you already know you don't agree on this, so I'm not having that discussion with you. Yeah, you know that personally, that's not something audibly you have to say, but in your internal self, you know, okay, we're not, we don't discuss that, because you're not on board. And that's fine, yeah, and you don't have to give that explanation. But you and your knower know discussion with him, you see? And then when you, when you have those staff meetings, you you have your bullet points, like, you know, everything is structured in a very wonderful way. And but when, when, when you verbally say something, have your bullet points, brother and I love to play the advocate of this. What I'd say so and so is going to ask, want to know this? Such and Such gonna want to know that? And such and such gonna want to know this? And so I have all of those answers included subtitled under my bullet point, and I'll give you an example with the School of women crew, I have written out what I want to say to them, and then I underneath what I have written, I have I've thought about the questions that those five women are going to ask Me, and I have answers already there. And true enough, those questions, and I got the answer right there. Matthias, yeah. Isn't that fun? Yeah, yeah. And if they don't ask the question they're asking it in their head. So I said, you know, I'll say, well, concerning this, I wanted to share blah, blah, blah, Nicole, Oh, wow. And I said, you know, and it's really like, I've already asked myself the questions that I know, you, you, you, you, you are gonna ask. So I'm giving you the answer, and then if anybody want to share anything from, from what I just they say, Yeah, you know, I'm excited about blah, blah, blah, but I knew that. I knew that for that individual. And so Matthias, what that's going to do is posture you for even your new venture being on Facebook. And, you know, always like, I love I have a three ring binder I just put together for code house, and so when I every time we're in a class meeting, I'm making notes. I'm making notes even though we have this beautiful structure, but I have it dated. And I can flip through that three ring binder and say, you know, okay, and then I can ask a question, if Holy Ghost tell me to ask one, and it can be intelligent, because I've kept notes. Yeah, yeah, intentionally. I have an Ian page, I have a Matthias page, I have a Heidi page. I now have a Nathan page. I have a Mindy page, anything that comes to mind for anybody I'm going in and writing. And that's what I need you to do, because, as God delivers information to you, Matthias, and that's a good idea for even being on Facebook and acquiring these new relationships. Three reminder is loose leaf paper. Put the name of these people on there. There, eat whatever conversation you guys have had. And every time you sit down regarding that Facebook project, you are writing those. Hey, yeah, that's it. That's it. I remember the last time we spoke, all you're doing is you're flipping to the page with that person's name on it. Yeah? And you've got to do that again, as a matter of fact, do it for everybody on the team, yeah. And it's just a simple nugget to keep your brain because when I'm working on different projects, I need to have a three ring binder for each one of those projects, and I bring the binder and I'll review it before I get on the call. That's how I work with the client that I have. I review what we talked about last and then when, when I communicate with them, if they bring us something, you know, I say, Okay, well, tell me about this the last time we talked. You know, I don't have to do that with you, Matthias, because we're talking. I mean, I have, I have a Matthias page, but it's so fluid when we talk that Matthias Familiarity is there. But when I'm dealing with somebody new, I have a it's I have a piece of paper, a piece of notebook paper with their name on it. And every time I get on the call with them, I look at those notes, or I look at them ahead of time, 15 minutes, 10 minutes before, and Holy Ghost starts delivering stuff. Yeah, but you're getting ready to grow, and you got to manage it, and, and, and, so what's important is you've got this team now where I love Nathan's spirit, Matthias, I want to tell you that just a beautiful spirit. Oh, my goodness, that's cool. Yeah, I love it. I wish we had, I wish we had capacity to bring him on full time. We don't. It's coming, it's coming. Matthias, it's coming. It's coming. And Nathan is an intercessor. He's an intercessor. Yeah, I'm very, very beautiful about him. Wow. So see what I love about God Matthias, it's not how we start, it's how we finish. And Ian is going to miss a gold mine, if, if he don't, which I know he is, but I'm saying he's really got to surrender. He's got to surrender. He's got a surrender. And God, he's not challenged by us kicking and screaming and scratching. Believe you, he will have plenty of experiences. He has a plethora of experiences to humble us. Yeah,

Speaker 1  38:17
God is really, he's really, really, he's really excited about your willingness, Matthias, because everybody's not willing to be a part of God's plan. You know, it's about God be a part of my plan, but everybody's not willing to be a part of God's plan. Everybody don't do well collaborating with God. It's like, Listen, guys, you don't do this. Do that. I'm out of here, you know, and God knows that, and you'll discern that in people, the work that's needed in their own personal lives. Yeah, you'll have an eye for that.

Matthias Miller  39:02
Wow.

Speaker 1  39:05
Are you the man for the job? Always remember that, okay, you gotta let Matthias. You need to write that. That needs to be one of your frames on the wall. Now, most people say man for the job, but my secret is this man for the job? Yeah, yeah, you're in the people business as much as you know God is using other avenues to get to people, but this is more about Ian and his development in God than it is about code house. I'm just telling you, you God, you you get the insights from God because he's going to give it to you, because He wants you to crack that nut. And some nuts are hard to crack. Write that. Yeah, nuts, yeah, and treat him like a customer. That's a strategy that I use on difficult people, people that are skeptics and just nightmares. You know, I say I put on my customer service voice, and I use my customer service strategies on them, and I'm going to be the nicest person they ever met, Matthias, and they're going to, you know, go under my hood and try to, and God says, gonna bless them. The more people investigate me, the more blessed they get. Yeah, that's my life story. Yeah, I love skeptics, and so does God, yeah, yeah. And guess what? Their heart is in the hands of God, and he could turn it in any direction he desires. Yeah, the heart of the king is in the hands of God. And so Ian has greatness on him, but he's gotta, he's gotta humble himself, and I know he, he believes he's humble, and, you know, and but, but I'm telling you, oh, God is doing a work in that man's heart concerning his opinions and his view of sin. Yeah, God is doing the work.

Matthias Miller  41:42
Yeah, wow.

Matthias Miller  41:51
Good. Well, I gotta drop off here in just a minute. Okay, okay, that's good.

Speaker 1  41:59
All is well, you've been praying in the Holy Ghost. Yep, I have okay and stay your course with the Facebook project, stay the course that you are a three ring binder, throws some notebook paper in there, and have a page for everybody you meet the date and the and you know the concerns and watch what God does. Okay,

Matthias Miller  42:33
awesome, appreciate it.

Speaker 1  42:35
All right, Valencia, all is, well, that's our story, and we're sticking to it.

Matthias Miller  42:42
That's right, we are cool. We'll talk later, then

Speaker 1  42:46
All right, so let's see. Listen, okay, okay.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai