Matthias Miller  00:01
So tomorrow I am meeting with Nate. Okay, he and I are going to be working with let me see if I can grab my headset here. He and I are going to be working on the multi month project. Okay, okay. And then at one o'clock I'm meeting with

Unknown Speaker  00:33
Jason,

Matthias Miller  00:36
okay and working on some details for this program that I want to spin up the lead generation coaching?

Speaker 1  00:47
Okay, yeah. Now Jason is he the one in Canada? Yeah, Jason is the one in Canada. Okay, okay, okay, and so what's your projection? What's your timeline to get that started?

Matthias Miller  01:05
Well, I have people waiting on me, and I don't know how to the cash is critical, and I don't want to over, over, extend myself, but I also don't see why not just to jump in and go do it.

Speaker 1  01:27
Okay, so is it December you're looking at, or this month,

Matthias Miller  01:36
next week and start getting people not next week, I'm sorry, the week after, right after Thanksgiving training and start enrolling people.

Speaker 1  01:46
Okay, excellent. Okay, so will Jason be the one is okay? Jason is Canada, because I got to make sure I got the right person. Yeah. Okay, if so you got your price points and all of that. Or you guys are going to size that up. You and Jason

Matthias Miller  02:05
working on price points. Okay, I'm not sure.

Speaker 1  02:20
So is this where? Because I remember you sharing that you were you going to start out with a free seminar and then go from there? Or what? What was the plan?

Matthias Miller  02:32
The plan was to do a free like 3045, minute, this kind of training. Not, got it, not, yeah, just the overview, just enough to get people to raise their hand and then offer, offering a, I'm not quite sure what I'll call it, yet, strategy or a planning session afterward.

Unknown Speaker  02:57
Okay, okay, and

Matthias Miller  03:03
and then using that to enroll people into the program.

Speaker 1  03:05
Okay, okay. And then from there, when were you planning on launching it? Or you guys are going to decide that tomorrow, because if he is, he going to be alongside you walking it out. Yes. Okay,

Matthias Miller  03:24
okay, and my thought with him is, and I don't maybe, maybe this is, maybe this isn't appropriate. I don't know. I want to prove this before he jumps ship. Okay, so, so my thought, my my timeline in my head is, I don't know if he has, you know, five hours a week to devote to this now for the next few months, and then in February. And that gives us enough time to get this thing ramped up. We'll work on selling it together, and,

Unknown Speaker  04:03
and,

Matthias Miller  04:06
and then maybe in February, we can take a look at bringing him, him on

Speaker 1  04:11
full time. Okay, okay, so is that the conversation you're going to have with them tomorrow? Are you just thinking that and, and what basically, will it just be, getting it up and running first. What did he agree? Sorry, what was it? What has he agreed to? What are the two

Matthias Miller  04:35
he has agreed to? So, so what we agreed to was a he agreed to give it to the trade show in February. Okay? He agreed to two or three months, $1,000 base plus full commission, okay, and but. So honestly, when I drafted up the contract, I forgot about the base, and I had some things in my head. And so what I want to talk to you tomorrow is work out those details of how can we have should we I guess maybe the question I really should approach is, should we have the scaling up period or not? Okay, in my heart, I want to, because I want to protect him, okay? But on the other hand,

Matthias Miller  05:34
yeah, I don't know. What I don't want to do is, is him to use his risk tolerance prematurely, okay.

Speaker 1  05:46
Okay, so from tomorrow's conversation, what do you want out of it? What do you want to come out of that conversation with

Matthias Miller  06:00
I want, I want us to be clear on

Unknown Speaker  06:05
the program, okay,

Matthias Miller  06:09
I want

Unknown Speaker  06:12
us to have The,

Matthias Miller  06:20
I want us to have an include. I included in that is what's the coaching structure, how are the coaching calls situated and scheduled, and I want to know his ramp up period and what his involvement in training needs to look like in that ramp up period.

Speaker 1  06:38
Okay. Okay. So that's good. So that's the focus of the conversation tomorrow, yes. And from there, you can make other plans. You'll know what the next thing is, and the key is getting it up and running, because you're saying after Thanksgiving, yes, okay,

Matthias Miller  07:09
okay, and, and you know what? What that means is he probably has some time over Thanksgiving to do some training. Okay? Do

Speaker 1  07:23
Okay, so that's what's not and just as long as you stay with your your timelines by know by when you want to do what, and that being solid and clear, because you guys are working with a short period of time and again, this is something that naturally both of you can do. And so it's about being intentional, having it. This is what we're doing. This is how often we're doing it, and this is the goal we're expecting. And I'm talking when I speak of goals, I'm talking about what you two can accomplish to move forward. Yeah, so that's real important that you stay within those that frame, because then that's less stress for you, because you got it all written out. And you know what it is, and what I mean by written now it spelled out. This is what we're doing. This is how we want to do it. And then these are the results we're expecting. Yeah, and just stay in that. That's enough. And from there, once you do the first whatever you do, it's going to speak to you and tell you what it is. Yeah, that initial event will spell a lot out to you, because you know, it's about the people. It's about what their needs are, and you guys will discern it, but at least you're going in with structure. This is what we're doing, and then it's the people that's gonna bring in some other nuances.

Matthias Miller  09:08
Yeah, that

Speaker 1  09:10
makes sense. But as long as you guys have your structure, it's about you and him, it's about how you're working together and what your goal is, and sticking with that, because more is going to come out of it. Matthias, but at least you have a frame, yeah, that you stay true to.

Matthias Miller  09:38
All right, so there's i

Speaker 1  09:44
because those areas you mentioned are good that what you want to come out of this meeting with tomorrow, and keeping in the back of your mind what you're thinking about in the future, so you know what you're going to be working with now. With him, yeah, and doing and pretty much this is like a test run of the market. Yeah, and have fun. Yeah, sure have fun. But it's going to be organic in its own right, yeah? Because once you have an audience, that's when your discernment starts kicking in, and when they come with their questions and their concerns, yeah, yeah, which is cool, because it's a door that you're walking into. You talked about those mountains. Yep, get to walk and pilgrim. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  10:55
call schedules.

Speaker 1  11:02
And the good thing, Matthias God is going to speak to you the whole time up until the time you meet with him. So keep them notes. Capture what he's saying.

Unknown Speaker  11:20
Yeah.

Speaker 1  11:27
Yeah, and it's already blessed. That's not the question. It's the question, Are you walking?

Matthias Miller  11:41
I'm not sure if I'm walking, I might be running. I'm not sure.

Speaker 1  11:46
But you know what? Matthias, it's okay, because if you're a runner, you're a runner. Valerie is a runner. He cannot go, he cannot walk from he and see that's the excitement that's on him, and the excitement is good, and keep that energy. This is your this is your baby. This is the new baby. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And we could say it's God's new thing, because we need to know this baby was gone. This one of them. Baby said he hid itself

Matthias Miller  12:25
surprise, baby, huh?

Speaker 1  12:29
And that's what you can name it from, like, Oh, my God, we're pregnant again, you know? Oh, man, where'd you come from? Oh, me. I love it, yeah, and that's usually the most happiest day. Like, oh Lord. We didn't expect this, but we thank you. You know, that's how my my baby sister was born the the ninth of nine. My mother was like, Oh Lord, but she has been a joy to the sin. We didn't know where that baby came from,

Speaker 1  13:10
yeah, but that's the baby. This is the baby. And be excited, because this baby was going to bless you, yeah, this is the blessing too. You can call it the blessing baby, blessing baby,

Matthias Miller  13:29
wow, yeah, I'm just, I mean, even, wow, yeah, good stuff.

Speaker 1  13:37
And that's what, how you see it, the blessed baby. This is the baby, you know? And when you get excited about that baby, this brings all kind of joy. You didn't know you hang it, yeah, yeah. Okay. So is there anything else?

Matthias Miller  13:55
Nope, I think so.

Speaker 1  13:57
And if you and if you need to check in, so I could dance with you and sing with you. You can check, yeah,

Matthias Miller  14:06
okay, like, would you want to? Well, here's what I'm praying. I'm praying God blesses this thing because I am underpaying you for what you're doing.

Speaker 1  14:21
You are funny. You are funny. God is good. He will, yeah, it's already blessed because it came from the Father. It came blessed in Jesus name. And the blessing is the relationship. That's where the wealth is, Matthias, yeah, that you have these crazy players around you, all of these wonderful moving parts, Yeah, but you're managing it. Hat sauce to you. So pray and and send us on our way.

Matthias Miller  14:58
All right. Well. Wow, wow. Well, Father, thank You that You keep us on track, yes, and thank you that you again. I'm just amazed, amen, because I can't see it, and yet you do, and you're, you're back in the kitchen, cooking up plans with stuff and bringing out the plates and serving it up. And we're like, what is this? And where did it come from? And when did you start thinking about this? And wow, just thank you. We, that's the that's the we delight to feast at your banquet table in the presence of pandemics and enemies, yes,

Speaker 1  15:48
haters, yes, yes, yes. What a table, my God. Thank you. Yes. We love you Father, we honor you and we glorify you in Jesus name, Amen, amen, amen. This is good stuff. All right, keep me updated. All right, I'll keep you in the loop. Appreciate it. No problem. Enjoy your weekend, okay? All right. Blessing, love you, yep,

Matthias Miller  16:23
blessing, love you, too.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai