Matthias Miller  00:00
Started, all right, so I mean lots of processing, I guess, since, okay, in the last few hours, and I don't really know you know exactly where to take this. Is this a, you know, originally I thought like maybe what we're looking at as a peer group, but is this a peer group, or is this a year long engagement, almost like a, I don't even know what like, almost like combining these two ideas together, where this is the actual kind of content and focus on the transformation, or is this a shorter

Speaker 1  00:57
I don't know. What do you want it be, what was your first inclination like when it all started? What was your thought?

Matthias Miller  01:12
Well, my first inclination when it started was a 30k engagement. That's a year long, but I'm not convinced it's actually the best way to approach it.

Unknown Speaker  01:30
Okay?

Matthias Miller  01:37
And there's two reasons for it. Well, I guess when I first started, I was thinking, have it be something for 2021, and there's a few things where that's difficult, one of them being that it really locks me into a calendar year, yeah, which is something that I don't want to do. And part of the whole, the whole purpose, is to get that fluidity. I think the other thing too, is that with the time frame, what I was envisioning was,

Matthias Miller  02:14
I didn't know How to provide 30k of value. Apart from that.

Speaker 1  02:27
And so what's good Matthias is it's all coming out. You're extracting it. It's in there, it's in you, but it's got to come out. You got to see it. There's that practical side of it. You know, remember, we always talk about, what are your terms? And you're thinking, I don't want to be locked in with something. And so that is critical. So that's priority number one. Whatever it is, it cannot lock me in. And you've got to make note of that. Put write that down. This cannot lock me in. This cannot be bondage. This, you know, because when you when you think of locking yourself into something like I'll give you an example. I'm starting a school of women, and I'm building a team first, because that's not something I want to do all the time. So we're initially starting out as a monthly gathering, and with the team being involved, God has given me a list of things for this school of women. The acronym is so and I'm just, I'm sharing this with you so you can hear how he's processing me through it. So the acronym is so s, period O, period, W, period, and it means sharing our wealth. And this is the gamut of women from the womb to the tomb. In other words, whatever you feel you can give to a woman, a girl, a woman, a girl, a teenager, then then that's the gift you're bringing. It's not a mandate of it's this is required of, you know, because people are done with that kind of confinement. I've never, I've never been a fan of confinement. I do I'm I'm at my best when I have the liberty to be at my desk. And so in the School of women, sharing our wealth, sharing our world, sharing our wisdom, sharing our want, sharing our it's this whole list of so w probably 35 items and, and, yeah, and this was all downloaded from the Holy Ghost in 10 minutes. So this is what I mean about Matthias not putting the brakes on because you don't even know what kind of car. You drive, is it a Tesla or a Volkswagen? Yeah, a Tesla goes. How many miles per hour? Whatever it is, it's faster than any car out there, yeah. And so that's the question. That's always the question. Your goal is, number one, not to be confined. And then you then, what is your second goal? What is your third goal? Because what God does? He knows it's about me. Matthias, I refuse to pay utilities or mortgage on a building. When, when? And this, he gave me this in 2010 and he said, Vivian, there are so many spaces that are underutilized, you'll never have to pay a gas bill, never have to pay a light bill. So that was the priority. So you know what it is, these vacant churches, these vacant community centers, is where we're going to meet. Someone's hand lights in the gas. Yeah? See my logic? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So my, my resources, my my currency, is not going to go into utilities. It's going to go into the women, because that's the goal, yeah? So those when those priorities are set, then Matthias, you're working within the framework of who you are. You know, I see waste everywhere, Matthias. Why aren't churches open seven days a week, right? Right now, right now? Because our priorities are out of order. And so anything God gives me, it's been a framework of who I am and how I see him and how I see what he's doing. So in that that's priority number one, you will not be tied down. You have a family. You have a life. Same with me. So the thought, and I'm just giving you the process again, the thought was, meet with these women once a month, because if we're sharing our wisdom, we're sharing our wealth, if we're sharing who we are, Matthias, then that means I'm bringing something to the table. It doesn't mean I'm coming in as a deficit. I'm coming in as an asset, every woman, because God has put gifts in everybody, but we limit it to two people, three people, no anybody that's there can shape and mold and help us build an environment for women that that will be a benefit, and it won't be an idol, you Know, won't be one busy, it'll be 25 women. With 25 assets that they're bringing, yeah, and so in your thoughts of this gathering, it's your limitations number one, that being a priority, I'm limited to this I can give this time, talent, sweat equity, this is what I'm willing to give. And once you know what you're willing to give, then you know who will need, who will be needed to come alongside of you to build this thing out. You know, because I'm grooming these women now, and while we're in covid, it's like, hey, what do you what do you thoughts about this? So we're having these conversations, because when this thing lets up, I'm up and rolling, so I'm being wise and how I utilize my time, but, but, but what we're experiencing right now is not hindering me, because I'm thinking, I'm writing, I'm communicating, I'm structuring. You see what I'm saying? Matthias, yeah, yeah. And so this is not about you, you killing yourself. This is about you extracting what God has put inside of you. And he said, His yoke is easy and His burden is light, so keep the yokes off of you. Keep stay unyield. Yeah, everything except God and your wife and their children? Yeah, yeah, everything else is expendable, not your family, yep. So that's a great place to start. You know, in in laying foundation, because the question is, what is the end goal? Work from the end to now, like, what? What is the outcome? And this is stuff we know Matthias, but it's wonderful when we can talk it out. Yeah, so what's your end goal in gathering these people together? Because when it's productive and. Proficient, it will bring prosperity. Yeah, yeah, guaranteed. And so that keeps you from stressing out, that keeps you from wasting your time, and that keeps you focused. So God wants this thing to happen, but what is it? It's just like, again, I'm using the analogy of children. I'm carrying a human being, but I don't know which one. Is it a male, or is it a female? And as time goes on, I know what it is, yeah. And so that's, that's what's happening. The thing is growing, it's developing. And so that's, those are great questions, is it this or is it that? Because here's the thing, I'm not buying boy and girl clothing. It's either a boy or a girl. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  11:08
And so, what are your thoughts?

Matthias Miller  11:12
I mean, what? So,

Matthias Miller  11:21
in some ways, what I would like the best is, you

Matthias Miller  11:34
know, the thing that appeals to me about the peer group, the year long, peer group, is the level that allow that. It allows me to play at what I don't like is I if, if the software side is as big of an opportunity as we think it might be, then suddenly, that thing that I build to get me, you know, through the next number of months could end up being the very thing that constrains the growth on the other side. Okay? And so there's a part of me that's like, okay, then, I mean, these are just like thoughts bouncing around in my head. It's like, well, but if I can't get profitability, or if I don't know what like like, I don't want to be chasing two things at the same time either. Okay? And another thought of it is, yeah, I don't know

Speaker 1  12:40
when did that what? What inspired the peer group? When did that inspiration happen?

Unknown Speaker  12:57
I can't hear

Matthias Miller  12:59
you. I'm thinking, I mean, it was, it was, maybe I'm trying to think, I'm trying to think even what prompted it, okay, it was maybe a week or two ago, but I think one of the things that prompted It was,

Matthias Miller  13:18
yeah, I don't know

Speaker 1  13:22
what was going on when the inspiration happened? What were you dealing with? What were you thinking about? Where were you

Matthias Miller  13:36
I was in a place of feeling pretty stuck, probably,

Speaker 1  13:39
oh, okay, okay, okay. And what was what was causing you to feel stuck, or what was your reality in feeling stuck,

Matthias Miller  13:56
feeling feeling pressure to fulfill on a project that I can build it out to get the cash flow moving, and then not having the time to invest in sales, and not being able to see a clear path to having somebody else who can help out in some of these pieces.

Speaker 1  14:15
Okay, that's good. That's a great reason. And so my question is, who, other than yourself, can help with sales?

Matthias Miller  14:30
Well, I think Tim. Go ahead. Tim's friend is, is all in?

Unknown Speaker  14:37
Okay? He's your bill.

Matthias Miller  14:41
Yeah. I mean, we, I gotta, I gotta clear things with my accountant, having a contractor in Canada and and some of that. But the dude, the dude, believes in me, like, like none other, and he's ready to go. And, okay, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  15:00
And, well, the holdup had been that.

Matthias Miller  15:16
I don't even know what direction to send him off with, but we are okay. Oh, man, I will get better at connecting pieces, right?

Speaker 1  15:29
Oh, yeah, definitely. You know why? Because here's the beauty of that, Matthias, you have to depend on God. And I'll say this, I never want to be in a position where I'm not dependent on him, because let me I want to share something with you. When me building this school of women, I started it in 2010 and my mother took ill, and she died, maybe four months later. And so this is the way it went. It was thriving. I had 100 and something women attending a month. Wow. And but this was the thing Matthias, and it's not how I really am encouraging. His yoke is easy and His burden is light. It was his idea, and whenever God gives me an idea, it's his burden. It's never my burden. I don't I'm not carrying it. It's too big, because it's him. And so when I leave the burden in his hands, just like yourself i and I'm intentional about looking at the thing, because when I look at something, I'm inspired. So I write, and I'll write, write, write, and I'll go back and go, Oh, I love that. Oh, that's good, yeah. And so in the process of that, Matthias, God evolved it, I don't because it was his idea. Those are my rules. When it's his idea, you've got to lead me. I'm not leading myself. Yeah, and so in these ideas that God has given show me, Lord, to sit with them, show me and you look up in 10 minutes like, whoa. And then guess what I do? I implement it Matthias. It's not me and I. And what I mean by that is, for example, he just dropped the school of women back in my heart, it was the pandemic had just started, and I laughed. I said, Okay, Lord, you really have to do this because we're on a shutdown. You see what I'm saying. I have real talk with him, conversations like, hey, yeah, you gotta show me, because we're on lockdown, and he just starts feeling his gut. And I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna send you something you have your phone with. This is your phone, right? Okay, hold on. Well, I mean,

Matthias Miller  18:18
this is, yep, okay,

Speaker 1  18:20
let me I'm going to send you. Let me see. Let me go. Where did I send it? He amazes me and and it's just powerful. I'm going through my phone so I can pull it up so you could see he gave me this one morning I woke up and yeah, 521 in the morning, and I'm getting ready to send it to you right now. So one morning to show you how he moves. Okay, look at this. And just sentence. I got up, I went and, you know, do your morning thing. And as I'm in the restroom, I'm looking in the mirror, and God starts saying, Viv he says to, you know, revive the school of women. And I was like, okay, and whenever it's his idea, I just go with it. Matthias, I don't find him, and he was going so fast. When you do, you have the text here. Certainly

Unknown Speaker  19:41
you got it?

Unknown Speaker  19:46
Checking, checking,

Unknown Speaker  19:52
oh, there we go. Yep, okay, read it. Tim

Matthias Miller  19:56
so, 5:21am, School of women, S O. W, sharing our wealth, sharing our wisdom, sharing our worth, sharing our walk, sharing our watch, sharing our week, sharing our why, sharing our who, sharing our what, sharing our when, sharing our words, sharing our win, sharing our wins, sharing our work, sharing our wants, sharing our weapons, sharing our wonderment, sharing our wonderful moments, sharing our worst choices, sharing our worst ideas, sharing our worst moment, sharing our woes, sharing our memories, sharing our memorable

Speaker 1  20:25
moments. He gave me all that in 10 minutes. So I'm standing, I'm going, Whoa, Holy Ghost is running. I said, Wait, wait, I need to get my phone. So I run and grab my phone. I look at the time, and then I just start typing. Now, so w sharing our wealth. All of this is our wealth. All of this only God could give me this Matthias. I didn't mull over it. I wasn't painstaking. It was like he was the river was flowing and I was catching the water. And so all of this, I have it, and it's like when I have a conversation with the ones on the team, they could run this down and give me about 25 pages of stuff, because God's ideas are that potent, and he will always show us who we're to work alongside of to lay foundation, to lay, you know, the interior structure, the leadership or whatever. And so I'm sharing this so that you can see how lucrative God's ideas are. There is so much I could do with women. Out of all of this, I'll never run out of things to do with them. And what happens when the women begin to come I'm going to have 50,000 more things. And so it's that pomegranate where you get the one pomegranate, you could just sit there and eat it and enjoy it, or you could plant them, and then God only knows how many pomegranates you're gonna have. And so that's where you're going. You're one seed is going to lead to a million seeds. I'll never forget, there's a gentleman I want you to write his name down. His name is Tudor Bismarck. He's from Zimbabwe. Tudor Bismark, t, u, d, O, R, Bismarck, have you ever heard of him? Never heard of him? Okay, so he is amazing Matthias, and I'll never forget one time I heard him do a teaching on and this is really going to bless you. We never deal with a level one problem on level one, or a level one challenge, we deal with it on level three. So let's say, for example, women are oppressed, they're depressed, they're traumatized. I'm just throwing these things out there, abused, manipulated, neglected, abandoned. Okay, so in that I don't, I don't approach it from the focus of the abandonment. I go beyond that, and I say, Who are they supposed to be, or who were they before the abandonment, before the rejection, before the blah, blah, blah, and they were the image and the likeness of God. So I don't approach it from Oh, whoa. You know, I feel bad for this lady. No, if I wait this woman, the initial plan of God was for her to be an engineer, and so I'm going to speak to her from that level. And in me dealing with that level one problem on a level three, I'll get level three results. And so tutor Bismarck taught that, and it was so amazing Matthias that it just, I was like, Oh my god. So oftentimes we're trying to deal with a level one on a level one? No, he said, Never, never deal with a level one challenge on level one. Deal with it from a level three approach. Yeah, so that's your focus, because you're in the business of changing lineage and posterity, and when, when you approach it like that, the sky is the limit on what God is going to do, because in this school of women, this is for women and girls. It's for the female. Male, but I won't use the term female, because that that is so Oh, it's so void and without character. But when I say women, when I say girls, when I say teenagers, when I say young adults, that brings life experiences into it, and so from the womb to the tomb, Holy Spirit said, because children can hear when they're in the womb. And so God was taking it to that level, to the cellular DNA level. And I was like, Okay, God so, because it was so profound, he has to lead me. And it's not, we're going to all we're going to wear all white. And no, it's some scientists in here. There's some astronauts in this long room, there's some judges, there's some neurosurgeons. You see what I'm saying. Matthias, so when I approach it, I'm not approaching it. Oh, we're just coming to get a massage and a pedicure. No, God is trying to get inside of us to manifest Himself in us. We can. We can get a pedicure anytime. We get a manicure anytime. That's a whole nother level of thinking, and women don't expect that because they've been cheapened down to a garment and a hairstyle when there's so much more. And God knows that. So he's after his design in a woman. He's not after our cultural burden that we've placed on women. And so this is what that is about. It's a real school of women, just like a school of fish. God designed us, and He knows what he has in mind. And so when I, you know, when I look at or as I look at what you're doing, I'm looking at the fibers of it. I'm not looking at the surface.

Unknown Speaker  27:13
What's the gut of the thing? Why should it? Why should it exist in the earth? That's the question.

Speaker 1  27:27
Because you know what? Matthias, we're living in a culture of fly by night, yeah, and when the root is not on the rock, let the wind come that bad boy will not exist anymore. Valor, I'm in the School of Goldilocks and the Three Bears. I'm in the School of the Big Bad Wolf and the three little kids every day. Valor, want to see Goldilocks. And I say, okay, valer, first men do Brown Bear. Brown Bear because he's got to learn his colors. He's got, you know, he loves animals. Okay, so, Brown Bear. Brown Bear works polar bear. Polar Bear works, you know, to expand his little mind. But it's, it's something going on with him and the Big Bad Wolf and them three little pigs. And he said, auntie, his house is about to be blown down because he didn't break building. Now you see what God is teaching him, yeah, if that foundation is not a folly, your house is coming down.

Speaker 1  28:40
Now this the four year old Matthias, and then what we do is we deprogram them away from the software of God, and then they become a part of the culture, and they begin they become bored, whereas valor is like if you don't build your house with the brick, the big bad wolf go blow it down. That's a life principle. And I just laughed, and he said, Oh, watch it, auntie, watch it. He didn't bill right. He didn't feel right. I'm looking at four years old. He is so into what's wise and who was not. But then he'll get in my bed and bounce for three to 10 minutes and tear my whole bed apart, and then come back, I want to see Goldilocks in three bands, you know? And so this, this is us. This is human. So why are we doing what we're doing? Our why we're carrying through the hurricane, through the blizzard, you know. And once I keep that, why in front of me, I'm going to get it done.

Speaker 1  29:56
This is, this is what I'm hearing right now. Matthias. This is true blue God inside of you, and you cannot be afraid to be the man that God has made you to be. Nothing else is going to work, sir.

Speaker 1  30:18
And so continue, like myself, you know, continue to battle with yourself like for me, it's like, Lord, I don't feel like committing to all these people. He's like, Vivian, this is not about you. And I say, okay, but then he puts a team around me that are just bad to the bone. Matthias, so I'm like, shoot, I don't even have to do that. I build the thing. I structure the thing. We lay the thing out, and, bam, they got it. And I show up when I want to show up, yeah, and I'm not hanging back because I'm lazy. I'm hanging back because I have other things to do for the Kingdom? Yeah, if I build a house, I gotta find somebody to attend to the lawn, to attend to the plumbing, to attend to the electrical, to attend to the to the tenant. I'm not, I'm not going to do it, because if I have the grace to acquire these properties Matthias and I should have the grace to hire people to manage what I've acquired,

Speaker 1  31:39
right, right? So who's who is your predecessor for running your software business, or who is your predecessor once you get this thing, this peer group, up and running, see, that's, that's the way to think about it. Like, wait, I'm going to build this thing, but I got to find the talent to run this thing. Now, yes, you're a commodity, but here is the blessing. You're not a God, and that means people can live without you. That's That's what I keep in the forefront of my mind, Vivian, you develop, you train and you sin. That's what God did with those disciples. He didn't stick. He was only with him for three years. Then he booked and that should be our time frame. In three years. I need to build this thing. I need to groom and train and develop groom and train and develop my team. My energy goes into that. But hey, this baby, baby is about to whistle on its own because I built it right and I stashed it. Yeah, that's what you're doing. You're working your way out of working.

Matthias Miller  32:55
Yeah, it's true,

Speaker 1  32:59
and that's the will of God, because he has downloaded so much in you Matthias that's got to keep moving. So you're building an army. General. You

Matthias Miller  33:23
So then one of the natural questions would be, who is the person who can who's the, I don't know. Who's the who's the predecessor? Yeah, I don't even know, well, who's the predecessor, but like, how?

Speaker 1  33:43
And that's okay, Matthias, but those are things you have to think about, okay, in the door, in the door. We don't always have those answers, but that's something we got to think about, okay, because, let me tell you something, if you pull together this peer group, your predecessor could be in that group. Do you? Do you see what I'm saying?

Matthias Miller  34:07
Yeah, I do see that.

Unknown Speaker  34:09
Oh, yeah. So then, what's your question?

Matthias Miller  34:17
My question is, do

Matthias Miller  34:25
right? I have a close friend I'm talking with on Thursday, okay, if it's the demographic, serial entrepreneur grown multiple businesses to eight figures and all of that. And his only words for me, I mean, I hear this all the time, is that his words about me are like he sees my genuine walk, and he says, You think different and and then I talked to this trend guy, this out. Afternoon. And he's, you know, we talked a little bit about some other groups that he's been part of, and kind of what kinds of things he'd be looking for. And one of the things that he mentioned would be, it would probably be easier for me if I had somebody else who would be a heavy hitter, who could kind of

Unknown Speaker  35:17
help lift it for me. Okay, yeah,

Speaker 1  35:24
so, so then Matthias, that's that's powerful information and very valuable information. And so this information is being presented to you, and now you talk to God, Okay, Lord, this is what I've been told. Because here's the thing he knows. He knows you. You're a bloodhound. Okay, you'll never own it. Your bloodhound. You can sniff, you can sniff the next thing out like a bloodhound. And in that God will always have individuals that are scaffolding for us, like, for example. And I always go back to this the because I had the courage to speak comparing, and he was the most unlikely person that God would send me to right? Because his wife is like, go to church. You need to go to church, man, because you burn out. You just need to go. They having this praise and worship thing. He's like, Get out of here, don't nobody had time for that. And she's thinking, you really need to go because you need a break. So he goes there. But, but what God had done was set him up because I was being hassled. Viv, you know, my son is playing, need to come here and play him like, Oh brother, who has time for that? I don't literally, yeah, and so then, Holy Spirit to me. Viv, go so this man could stop inviting you, and that's what we do. I was like, Okay, let me go. Let me go. Okay, fit it into my schedule and get there. And guys like, before I get in the door. Matthias, you have worth that, man. I am not here for this. I am here for this man's son, who's a musician, to hear him play in this worship gathering. And then guys like you really need to live. And when I looked at him, I'm telling you, I saw a man with a cure from cancer, I said, okay, yeah, that's what I saw. I'm telling you, Matthias, because God deals with us at our point of reference. They may see you as a brigadier general. You know what I'm saying. God already know how to present us. And so Matthias, those are my thoughts. I'm like, Oh, God, I really gotta get to this man thing, because he might because, you know, cancer killed my father, his brother, his father, his sister. Y'all fight. I got to get over there. Okay, so I go over there, and I'm so excited. Because first of all, you know, he tells the story about, you know, the lady? Well, I my part of the story is the lady says, because I'm Thank God you got to open the door, because I am not walking. And mind you, Matthias, I'm the only black person in the room, and I'm saying I'm the last person you need to give a word to God for somebody, because they think we're weird. Anyway, with that, yep, going through all of that Matthias, and I just said to God, you gotta open a door, because I'm not walking over to nobody. I said, Lord, I don't even know the protocol in this church. I don't even know if these people believe it prophecy. I'm not doing it. That was my response. And as I said, that the the mistress the ceremony said, this is our favorite time, because everyone gets to meet somebody that they just don't know. And so this is the opportunity. And do you know everybody was heading to me Matthias. I was like, Oh, Lord. And then I looked and I said, Excuse me, excuse me, so I could get to Perry. Wow, yeah. All he goes is real, and he know what he's doing. So I get to Terry and God, you know, I looked at him, I said, God says you have some kind of you. You haven't you. You're working on some kind of formula. Now, for me, it was about cancer. Terry, it was the 8020 rule. Yeah. And so Matthias, you know, he's looking at me like he had seen a ghost, like, what? Who are you, and where'd you come from? And what the hell is going on right now? You know, I'm in the middle of the church, you know, and he just the deer and the headlights, and I just begin to tell him, that's it. And God is saying, don't give up. Don't give up. Whatever you do, don't give up. Don't give up. So I'm thinking, This man got a cure for cancer, Matthias, and this man is working on an equation. And so I walk away, and God said, Go back and tell him I know everything. So Perry at that moment. Now he I had told him also, I said, and the reason you're going to you're going to find the answers because you love mission. God told me to tell him that too. And he it was, you know, he's trying to do some things to help his nephew. And I think he was in Zimbabwe, running an orphanage or something. And so anyway, I turned to one, and by that time, he freaked out. So then he's thinking, how did this lady know? Right? And at that moment, God said to me, go back and tell him I know every

Speaker 1  41:26
I went away, I went back, and I pointed to the heavens. I said, He knows everything, and I know he's thinking, this is not, no names, no nothing, so what. And so now he just did his Cancer Symposium. He's bringing scientists, oncologists, clinicians, all kinds of people together. Now they just had it last month. So he really is finding a cure for cancer, but it was 13 years ago. You know what I'm saying, Matthias, so I get what I want, but I gotta wait 13 years. Yeah, yeah. So, God, he'll take you around the mulberry bush, but it's his mulberry bush. Yeah, yeah. So we don't fret. It's just like, Okay, God, it doesn't look like I'm going in the right direction. But you told me to do this,

Matthias Miller  42:27
yeah,

Speaker 1  42:28
yeah. And guess what, I never, in these 13 years. I didn't even think about the cancer thing, you know, because I realized, okay, he's in marketing. And then one day, we was in prayer, and I said, Oh my god, Perry, oh my god. And we were praying regarding him, pulling together the Cancer Symposium. I said, Oh my God. I said, Perry, this is what I thought you were supposed to be doing. You know, he's like, what? And I was like, Terry, you know, my side of the story was, you had a cure for cancer. He said, Oh, my God, this it was crazy. Yeah, it was eureka moment. All day long. This just happened during the pandemic.

Speaker 2  43:18
Yeah, yeah, wow.

Speaker 1  43:22
What the heck we're doing? Matthias, we just do it.

Matthias Miller  43:28
Yeah.

Speaker 1  43:30
And listen to your wise counsel, because these men, wherever they are and whatever they're doing, they're giving you much needed insight, because you want to nail this thing you you're not playing tiddlywinks here. Yeah, right. We don't have time to waste. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  43:52
So I told you about the friend of mine who gifted me this book,

Speaker 1  43:58
yeah, yeah, and how he was sad to you.

Matthias Miller  44:04
And it's a theme. But like it again is like, I think this is, oh, this is the mulberry bush we're going around till I get this lesson. But, yeah, but the answer when? When this guy challenged me, and not, not in an arrogant way. He was like, if you, if you want to talk again, like, I'll jump on a zoom and I'll talk again. I mean, I'm interested. He's like, but when, when he challenged me, it was two things. It was credibility and time, okay? And one of the things I really am realizing now as we're talking about it, is some of that old mindset shifted in, into how do I get my credibility and how do I get my time? And the question is not that, the question is, who gives me that credibility? Me, yeah, and who gives me that time? Who can be the scaffolding

Speaker 1  45:06
and see that little tweak, that little tweak made a world of a difference, Matthias, and that's what I mean. We're being developed. We don't we? You know, valor, he'll and again, I use my analogy. He's He's good at going to the party, but it's like, oh my god, Valerie, pay attention, you know. And that's not his fault, because he's learning, you know. And I say, val, did you flush the toilet? Okay, Val, did you wash your hands? Well, what he'll do, he'll rinse his hands. No washing your hands means soap, sir, warm water. Okay. And then he goes in, and you know now he's learning the hot faucet and the cold faucet. Okay. Valerie, gotta turn on the hot faucet with the cold literally, we're going into those details. And so that's the thing. Matthias, there are details that we don't have, but God is leading you to the details, sir.

Speaker 1  46:13
So you need the details, and you on your way. You're on your way. That's what's important. You're on your way go get your details,

Speaker 1  46:31
and getting your details don't cost you a whole lot of time. Just make sure you make the time to get the details, because it's just like software. You're not just going to get in there and send anything to your clients, like, whoa. Let's just double check it. Let's, you know, troubleshoot it. That's you Matthias, and God is calling you down this path because you are a troubleshooter. Like, as much as I could do, 100 and some women, you know, once a month in a school of women. You better know, I have Kleenex, toilet paper, air freshener, all these little details of things, because I'm dealing with women. Yeah, something to drink, something to eat, time for women to chatter and something for them to walk away with when they leave the gathering. And guess what? This is the wisdom of God. He said this every time your school of women gather, have every woman bring three things out of their home that they absolutely need to get out of their home now they can't bring a couch and a sofa, no, but three things that somebody can put in a brown paper bag and take it home with them. And so Matthias the first gatherings I did, and I was only doing them once a month, and the instructions were, three things, is it three pair of shoes, three dresses, three pair of pants. Is it three rings? Is it three earrings? Is it three gifts you got, and they all wrapped up in the cellophane, and you're not doing anything with me like man, who can I get these to? Okay, go through your house, but holy ghost leads you. And what freaked me out, Matthias. Women brought three rows of toilet paper, three bars, so three things, and honestly, honestly, and some women brought three pairs of shoes, and this many other but guess what, we had a giveaway table. So everything that was brought was on that table. And when women, when no one instructing them felt like going to look what's on the table, they had a brown paper bag. They stuffed it with three things that they wanted or needed off that table. Guess what? By the end of that gathering, nothing was on the table. What did that tell you?

Matthias Miller  49:05
The right thing?

Speaker 1  49:07
Holy Ghost knew what everybody needed, and it was already in everybody's houses, and it didn't cost me a dime. As a matter of fact, I became the best thing since sliced bread like this. How did you know I needed a pair of blue earrings? I didn't know God knew. Yeah, how did you knew I needed a pair of 10 shoes and a size nine? Vivian did not know God knew, because all of these women went into their homes and bought three items the Holy Ghost told them to take down two sanitary napkins. Matthias, yeah, and there were women in tears because they said, I couldn't dare ask anybody that I needed that. And guess what, nobody. Do I need it? Because it's in a brown paper bag, but I needed soap. I needed toilet paper. How humbling is that? Yeah,

Speaker 1  50:15
yeah. And so you pulling these individuals together, what others need is already in people that you're going to pull in.

Matthias Miller  50:27
So then the only thing is, there's

Matthias Miller  50:38
still the question of the details. I like,

Speaker 1  50:45
for example, if I had a an eight figure, if I was an eight figure woman, Matthias, I would, I would come to Colorado and do what you're doing. You know why it's lonely at the top? Yeah. Do you know there are people like when I was being groomed and developed as a prophet, I wanted to go to every school of the Prophet. And, oh, my god. Were there quality schools? I went to one for eight straight years in Santa, Rosa Beach, Florida. You know, I went to one here in Chicago for three straight years because you need what you need. Matthias, yeah, and you're not going to find it everywhere. And so you're building a community of people that need each other, yeah, yeah. Like, right now, I'm not, I'm not wasting my time with people that waste my time. It's like, nope, but when I get in a company of people that know what they're doing with that, like, I'm so excited about working for you because I'm learning, yeah, I'm being expanded. God is expanding me, stretching me, yeah, directing me

Matthias Miller  52:07
happens people who work with

Unknown Speaker  52:09
me, I know. Thank you very much, sir. I appreciate.

Matthias Miller  52:14
I'll do everything I can. Yeah,

Speaker 1  52:16
stretch me. Stretch me absolutely. And so here's the thing, Matthias, let God lead you follow his rabbit trail. And oftentimes that would it. That's what it feels like. Oh, God, you know he in June, Matthias had me resign from a very good development position. Okay? I could do it in my sleep. He says, There's time to go. I said, What? I'd only been there three years, because my thing is retirement. Matthias, you know, I'll be 60 next month. I'm done working. I'm done. Yeah, I'm done. I was done at 40. And so he is grooming me to be done. Yeah, yeah. He's grooming you not to work. Sir, Yes. I

Speaker 1  53:23
Yes, so you follow his lead, and don't sweat it and do not sweat the small stuff. Say, Okay, God, I'm a sponge. Show me what you want me to know. Take me where you want me to go? Yeah, because you know what Matthias is, I'm thinking, and I listen to you, and I listen to what you're you're doing, and you're planning and your vision. I know at least three people that need to work for you, it's not kind yet, yeah, but you better know, I'm prepping to have that conversation with these

Matthias Miller  54:11
I had a dream early. When was it Sunday night, same night I had that dream about the roofing conference, or that not, not dream, just, I don't, I don't know what, just got speak discerning stuff. Yeah, I had a dream two guys. And I remember the dream, I kind of recognized, I knew who they were, and I think they may have been old friends, you know, I can't remember anymore, you know, even who they were, because I don't think that's the point. There were two. I There were two, two men who showed up in or two young men who showed up in code house. They made these code house almost like costumes, like uniforms, and they showed up in town because they wanted to work for me. They didn't know if I had anything for you. It wasn't like I was actively hiring or anything like that, but right they were showing up at my door, and I anyway. So I'm with you.

Speaker 1  55:16
I'm telling you, the science My God is talking to me. I'm tonight. I was like, Okay, God, do I? Do I have conversations with these people because he told Matthias, the reason he had me resign in June of last year, he said this, I need to build an economy. And I just bust up laughing. I said, Okay, God, Lynn is in my pocket. You are telling me to build an economy. I said, you're going to have to show me, because I have no idea how to do it. So Matthias, he tells me. He says, Viv, I need you now. This is before covid. Now this is June of last year. I'm thick, involved in whatever. I was involved in ministry stuff, you know, and then this organization I was working for, and that month, just to share that story with you, God said in June, he said, this time to go. And I was like, where am I going? He's like, I'll tell you. In other words, I'm not telling you beforehand. Yeah. So I'm like, Okay, God. I said, Okay. He says, Now I what I need you to do, Viv is I need you to build an economy. And I said, Okay, I don't know how. I don't have anything to build an economy with. And then he said, but I need you to go to the executive director, which is the founder of this organization. This is the one Lorraine Powell Jobs is financing. This is Steve Jobs with them, okay to keep these young men from killing each other on the streets here in Chicago. So that story is very powerful, and I'll get to share that with you down the road. But anyway, so he says, Holy Spirit says, okay, Viv, you got to go and tell the executive director you're resigning. And I was like, you know, I was trying to negotiate with God, like, Hey, can I just be a consultant? Because I'm the one that helped them get it off the ground. Matthias, I'm the one that gave them the prophetic passage. Okay? And so I'm thinking, Are you kidding me, we're just getting started. Lord, I don't, you know. Like I'm thinking, hey, I'm gonna, I'm gonna shut it down from here, I'm retiring from this. And God was as as you said, Sir, in that post on Facebook. Yet the best is yet to call. I was like, Okay, God, you know. And so that was the words from God, like, Dave, you're just getting started. I'm like, but I'm trying to finish. I'm not trying to start nothing. I want to end right here. And God is like, this is not the ending. Ziv, you got to keep moving. And I was like, oh brother. So I go in and sit with the executive director. I said, hey. He looked at my face. He said, you're leaving. I say, yeah. I said, God told me to come and talk to you, and I'm talking to you. And he says, What are you going to be doing? I said, I have no idea. He told me to build any so I didn't lie. I didn't fix it. Everybody. Hey, God is telling me it's time to go. He said, by the end of this month, I need to be gone. And he said, Then, how are you going to pay your bills? I said, that is the question. I asked God, the same thing. And he said to me, who's been paying your bills anyway, little girl, I'm like, okay, then you got a plan. God, he always has a plan. Matthias, but we don't want to believe he has a plan. It's just not in us. We're contrary to his way of thinking. So Matthias, I left God told me to build a studio in one of the rooms in my place. Guess what? I did not do it. Guess what? Guess what? I need right now, a studio. Yep, I'm like, Lord, I don't know anything about cameras, so I'm looking on Facebook. People often. Let me show you how to set up a home studio. Blah, blah, blah. So right now, Matthias, I need to set up a home studio. Haven't done it. Been talking to people. I'm still approximating towards what God told me. But guess what? I'm five months late, almost, really, I'm gonna be honest. He told me to do that in October of last year, so I'm a year late. So. Uh, this is what I'm saying. Go ahead. You, yeah, you, you should be sending me some some kind of information, some kind of guidance, some kind of some Matthias, because the reason we're having this conversation is because God won't allow me to be stuck. The reason we're having this conversation because he's not going to allow you to be stuck. That's why the book showed up in your hand. That's why you had the dream. God is building something, and we don't know what the heck it is, but it's going to help. It's going to be a Kingdom economy. Yeah, yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:00:54
you can have 25 other planets orbiting around you, around cold house. Cold house could have 50,000 businesses. Think about it, Johnson and Johnson owns everything, Proctor and Gamble on it. I was like, they do what they their name was on this too. That's what God is building. Matthias, not a one. Yeah. It's like, we can't wrap our mind around that, because we're where we are, but God is not where we are.

Matthias Miller  1:01:30
Yeah, yeah. And if it's interesting, because I felt like, mean, this is one of the things that he was speaking to me earlier this week, is this whole thing of building people, and that people building skill is that the old me was thinking that business is a game of markets and business is a game of people, because inside of them,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:58
all day long, Matthias,

Matthias Miller  1:02:00
we're master that, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:02:04
we're pomegranate, yeah, yeah, and you gonna sleep good tonight, because now you got you know how you need to have a BM and You finally have one. Oh, Lord, thanks. Oh, God, You are God. I give him worship like whoa, Lord, I love you. I go straight into worship. That's what this is, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:02:41
and he trusts you to do Matthias, because your heart is pure and your hands are clean. That's it. That's all. It's some dirty hands out here. And there's some dirty hearts, yeah? And they, they are into 25,000 figures, yeah. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:03:01
Yeah, wow.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:10
Hallelujah. So

Matthias Miller  1:03:12
something else I'm hearing with this whole trade show thing, because I've part of part of me is like, you just gotta go in faith. It's all there's to it. Yeah, one of the but one of the things, one of the things the sales guy was trying to sell me on. He's like, Well, you know how owners like to talk to owners. And you know, on the surface that, you know that's designed to appeal to somebody's ego and all of that. And maybe, maybe even in the natural that's kind of how it works,

Unknown Speaker  1:03:44
yeah? But

Matthias Miller  1:03:47
that's this comes back to level three, because I'm not planning. I mean this guy, if I can lay the, if I can lay the bit of track in front of him that he needs, he is an owner, yeah? Like he's, he's got that and nobody, nobody, nobody has seen it yet, but I see it clear

Speaker 1  1:04:08
as day, yeah, yeah. And that's your that's your level. That's how you deal. You deal from level three, you deal from a five star General, sir, yeah, I'm telling you, Matthias, because I out and I got 2 billion stories for you. I was invited trying to think, was it Florida? I was invited to Florida because I used to do a lot of speaking Matthias. That's why I am not I'm not interested in traveling Matthias. I was in Iceland. I traveled throughout Europe, having a calling on my life. I've been in ministry. Three since I was 35 or 30 something, 3230 I think I got ordained at 35 so that's 25 years Matthias. That's retirement. Okay. I'm not interested. And so I was invited to this gathering in Florida, and they would put me in the best of the best whatever, you know, I've been to, like the whole gamut of Florida, Miami, Santa Rosa Santa Rosa Beach, Tampa, you know. So I'm not interested in that. And I remember coming to this gathering, and these women were very snooty, Tootie, you know, just yucky. And it's about five speakers, blah, blah, blah, and then I'm getting on this elevator, and these women were extremely rude, and these were some of the presenters. So I get on this, they almost didn't let me on the elevator, but so I'm getting on the elevator, then they're eyeballing me, like, Who are you not knowing that I'm one of them because I don't carry myself the way that they do. And so I got on the elevator barely. Then, you know, got to my room, they'd be tired, resting, and then, you know, it's time done to the DA. You know, it's showtime. So we get downstairs, and again, I run into these women. They had another opportunity to be nice, again, nasty to the core. So I get downstairs. They don't know I'm one of the speakers. I sit down. Now I'm sitting, mind you, you know they always have that reserved place. And I'm sitting and they're looking at me like, What are you doing? And I'm I'm discerning them the whole time, and I'm just smiling. And when I got that mic I lent, I lit into their raggedy cell. It was a straight word from the Lord, and they wanted to hide under their chair because they never dreamed that I was one of the speakers. Yeah, and that's where you are. There are people that are extremely territorial in their own evil and that you, you are not invited. You are not one of us, you know, and I don't I'm thankful I'm not one of you, and I'm thankful that you know I'm not a part of your whatever you think you are. And so Matthias, that's the hour we're living in where people are done with that. And so you are God's breath of fresh air. You are his new breeze. You're his new wine. And so you you be that you walk in it. You exist in it. No, I am not the run of the mill. This that I'm different. Yeah, it's time for different. God had sat down was common, and what's a replica? He's sitting it down like that's not original. That's not me, yeah. And so I went through that over and over and over and over again Matthias, and it got to the point that these women who were very rude were looking for me, and God said, You will not, you will not be a part of their shenaniganism. You know how people collaborate? And God was like, I don't want you a part of that. And I did, yeah, yeah, and that's what keeps us pure, and that's what keeps us holy, because I won't be a part of that. Yeah, yeah. That's who you are. Yeah, wow, wow.

Matthias Miller  1:09:22
No, I get that makes sense.

Speaker 1  1:09:25
And so we've been, we've been, you know, we're the David in the back tending to the sheep, and the people saying, You smell like sheep. Well, I should, if I'm a shepherd.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:42
You Oh, I've been around the sheep.

Matthias Miller  1:09:47
Wow, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:09:50
and it's all good. And I'm telling you, Matthias, he would send me places to shut it down. Well, I. A no name. No, don't put my name in light. You know, that was always my thing. Matthias, you are me. We're the same. It's like, No, I don't want to be in the front. I want to I want to be back here making sure everything is running. And God said, No, that's why I'm putting you in the front, David, because you do care. You do care genuinely, yeah. And Ethan that kept me out of corporate Matthias. They were always promoting. I was like, I don't want that, you know. And when I smell deception, I don't want to be a part of it. Yeah, that's the quickest way to get rid of me. Yeah. And so God made me who he made me to be, not perfect. Have not died at all. My eyes have not caught on my teeth. But one thing I will not do is participate with faith. I'm not going to do it, especially where others are involved, yeah. And so that's God's standard in the earth. But guess what? We're somewhere like David tended to the sheep, and God said it's time to run the nation, yeah. And you know the gifts that were in those sheets, and pull them in as you go, you know, because it's a lot of people on my radar,

Matthias Miller  1:11:32
yeah, yeah, and support, And part of the discernment is as you discern people into certain situations. I mean the borrow, I guess to borrow, this isn't quite the right term, but to borrow Perry's words, to know whether you need to show up as a Wolverine or as a, I mean, a poodle, but maybe, maybe the Wolverine or as a sheep is maybe the right terms. Like to know that these are the people to graze with, and these are the people to

Speaker 1  1:12:10
to eat alive, if they come in for the sheep. You quote, you go after them, and that's exactly right. Was a lion and a lamb brother.

Matthias Miller  1:12:24
That just that makes me want to jump all in, oh, yeah. Like, I don't know what, I don't know what comes to this trade show, but I just, I want to go,

Speaker 1  1:12:36
I'm telling you, Matthias, that's how it goes. There are times where I am a lioness, and there are times where you better not touch. You better not you know, and that's what we who we are, that's who we are, yeah, and that's why you were called because you do have the guts, you do have the galls, yeah, yeah, do it, Yeah, wow.

Speaker 1  1:13:17
Well, amen, yeah, yeah. God, he knows what he's doing. Matthias, and what I love is he whatever he has to do to get us to our destination. He's going to do it. He's going to do it. Period, you'll be watching something on TV, and boom, there's your answer like, Okay, God, I hear you, you know, because, because, when he, when he invests in us, he has to get a return on his investment. Yeah, okay, yeah. And for that start, we agree. We agree. Okay, God, you want me to do this, and this is what I'm going through. You want me to build an economy, I'm telling you, Matthias and so I belong to God, and wherever he want to take me, if he want to take me to the moon or to Jupiter or tomorrow's I'm going because he has need of me there. He invested in me for Jupiter. He invested me for Mars, you know. And I'm not apologizing to anybody. It's like, No, and I don't, and I don't have conversation with everybody about what God is doing, because they can't, they can't discern it. They don't, you know, everything Jesus was doing. They looking upside his head. What you doing? Don't touch her. Don't talk to him. And Jesus, like, Okay, you guys need to go get lunch, and I'm going to the well, there's somebody I need to talk to you. Yeah, we supposed to be meeting. Well, okay, I'll meet you there. We're not going together because I. I got a piece of business I need to handle. Yeah, everybody can't handle everything. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:15:07
so true. So true.

Speaker 1  1:15:12
And put them on a detour trip. Say, Okay, you go do this I'm going to do. When he won't do something he want to do. He goes on. T Are you tired? I said, No, because what are you trying to do? I promise you. Four years out, he looks in my eyes, Auntie, are you? I say, No. What do you what do you want to do? Valor. I was thinking about I'm like, okay, then you ask, don't try to manipulate me into allowing you to do something. Yeah. He's from my lineage, so I know. Yeah, yeah, Mr. Sociator himself.

Matthias Miller  1:16:03
Yeah, wow, wow, wow, wow.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:13
So what are your takeaways?

Matthias Miller  1:16:17
Well, a handful of things. One is the tool set that God is giving me right now. I mean, apart from him and his voice, which is like a given, one of the tool sets that he's given, that he's giving me right now is, who are the people? Who is the person? So that's a major takeaway in this. With that too, there's a big shift in saying and realize this. But so many times people have tried, tried to help me refine my idea, and sometimes these people honestly just didn't know okay. And then other times it was easy for me to see that as a it was hard for me to read what they actually wanted. And then they actually, actually wanted it anyway, just thinking of that, it would be easy to walk away from my phone call earlier today and be, like, feeling feeling discouraged, because I don't know, like, like, what do you even do with that, but now I do know. Okay, so that's a that's a takeaway.

Matthias Miller  1:17:33
I while we're on the phone, I got an email from my from my accountant, letting me know that we're good. We're good bringing this guy on as a contractor from Canada, if we want to do that, might have paperwork on his end, but he can figure that out. Okay, that's on him. So I do need money, but I think the right thing to do is I'll be talking to my brother tonight, just getting his final permission, but we're working on a case study that, and we have, I think we have a really hungry market for and I think that actually is maybe something that we could have Jason get started on reaching out to these people, which as soon as we get that case study developed, which would probably be another two weeks or so. And if I can stick it out to the end of the month, maybe a little bit past, we'll start having some checks land, which will help excellent, and,

Matthias Miller  1:18:56
and, and maybe. And I do have, I do have my friend who, can provide some credibility. I have been thinking on this call of a guy that just thinking about him and reaching out to in terms of facilitation of this thing. Okay, he's not local, but maybe, maybe it's a thing I I don't know one of those things. I think it's one of those things that you don't really know until you explore and inquire,

Speaker 1  1:19:34
yeah, yeah. Because remember, the life is in the thing, and when we if we don't activate it, and in other words, the conversation that's activating it, because you'll know, once you have a conversation, you will know Matthias, yeah, there's no law against the conversation. No. No commitment, conversation, yeah, 90 days, 90 minutes, 90 hours. Okay, in other words, you're going to see is what temperature is this? Is this cold? Is it hot? Is it warm? Those are your measuring sticks, because God is leading you, for whatever reason, down these paths that you're going in. You're a son. You're not just going to let Dante go anywhere. You can be like, where are you going and who are you going with and what time? And you know, even though he's a little guy, but the day is coming, he's not just going to be hanging out there, and God is no different. He's not going to leave you out there hanging he's not Matthias. He got sense enough to believe you me, if Dante, at his age, start being out and doing what he does, if holy ghost says to you, get up, go to such and such a street and see if Dante is there, you're going to get up and do it. Yep. So that's your son, yeah. And that's the same with God. You are his son. He is not going to allow hurt, harm or danger to come nigh you. Wow.

Matthias Miller  1:21:47
Yeah, and part. And then here's the here's the orphan thought that comes in, okay, as well. What? What if God had not brought Vivian into my life?

Speaker 1  1:22:01
Man, you will be a mess. That's I could tell you right now. I

Matthias Miller  1:22:06
know it. I know it, but then, but then, here we go back to that trust is that he knew and he did, and he will

Speaker 1  1:22:17
always, every, always Matthias when I tell you, Okay, you know, I got valor out of here. And I said, Okay, God, I gotta do dishes, this and the other. I'm in the kitchens like this. He's talking to me about people that need to know you. And I'm like, Lord, I don't I'm not working right now. I'm doing my dishes, I'm about to eat, you know, and I'm having this conversation with God, and I'm laughing because he's showing me how important and valuable you are to him. Matthias, it's just like with your wife, the kids, Mom, you know? She's like, Okay, I'm in the bathroom. Can I just have admitted, you know, and that's, that's what I love about God. But what he was sharing was so powerful. I was like, Okay, let me make a note of that. And so that's just who he is. He's just that kind of father. He's thinking about you, Matthias, when nobody's thinking about you. And you never know that he's dealing with the hearts of people, because you have a divine appointment with your life, your destiny, your purpose, and so I'm not. He's like VIV you ain't no vacation. You know, you know what? I'm sanitized. Okay? You get to walk around in your sweats and you know, do what you do. Viv but you are not on vacation. And I'm saying, okay, yeah, yeah, yeah. And so that's what's happening. Matthias, he is with you. I'm telling you, when I was at that that truth, something that God kept saying, a general, a general, a general. I'm like, Lord, who is this man? He just would not let me get away. I'm like, Okay, God, okay, okay, I'm not taking on him, okay? But for whatever reason this is who I see you to be. And remember, God shows me the end of the thing. Matthias, you don't show me the step, yeah, you don't show me the process. And if he did, I wouldn't. You know what I'm saying, what I'm not doing it, you know, and I'm always, I'm very honest with God, the same thing keeping power, Lord. I will be 60 in December. He's saying to me like VIV You don't think I know how old you you know? He had me reading about, um. Know Joshua and, you know, and Abraham, and how old this person was when they had this child. I was like, You know what? God, thank you. I just thank them, because he's going to have his way. Matthias, he's going to have his way period. So I've learned in life, let him have his way. That's me. Okay, God have your way, but at the same time, Matthias, I'm overjoyed with outcomes. Yeah. So God is so faithful. Matthias even bring you to Chicago. Yeah, this would not be happening. You took a trip, sir.

Matthias Miller  1:25:51
Yeah, yep, you took knowing how much my life, my wife likes me to travel.

Speaker 1  1:25:59
Come on. Come on. This is what, yeah, this is what I'm saying. But you make sure she's tight and right. Make sure the help she need. Hear me, i dotted T's crossed. When mama ain't happy, ain't nobody happy, you need to write that down. Yeah, Mama got Stay happy, yeah, yeah, because this is about mama, yeah, yeah. And then baby bigger, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:26:37
So you you on schedule, even in all of what you don't know, and all of what you know and all of what you're about to do, because when you take that step, Matthias, I could not meet Perry Marshall until I went to that worship service that I did not want to go to. I go. People are vehicles to the next place. Matthias gotta know that conversations are vehicles, like getting on the bus. Trying to get from A to B, got to get on the bus. You could stand at the bus stop all day long, saying, I need to get to be God said, but I'm sending the bus to the bus stop. Why are you not getting on?

Matthias Miller  1:27:29
Oh, my goodness,

Matthias Miller  1:27:36
wow. I

Speaker 1  1:27:47
get on the bus. Write that down. It's on the bus to get to your destination.

Matthias Miller  1:27:58
I got a checks in here. I'm

Matthias Miller  1:28:24
Oh, my goodness, I'm pretty sure I've got my guy. I can't remember which project I think I've got my guy for project two. I'm actually talking to him tomorrow, and I thought it was for something else, and it might be a little bit for something else. Okay,

Speaker 1  1:28:44
excellent. Because remember, you in the you're in the people business, sir, you just happen to know how to work with software, but you're in the people business. I agree 100% 100% Oh, this makes me excited, huh? You should be because that's what makes you sing. God is into what makes us sing? Matthias, yeah, yeah. Wow. You're building a world that belongs to God. Keep that in mind. You're making your father happy. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:37
Wow, wow. Well, okay, so what we don't close with?

Matthias Miller  1:29:46
I don't know. I'm about to ah, hey, I got it. I got to make some more notes here before this. Gets away from me.

Matthias Miller  1:30:12
I mean, this is,

Matthias Miller  1:30:18
I don't even, I don't even know. I'm just grateful. Amen is grateful, and I'm excited to, I mean, I, you know, in some ways, you remind me of of my mother, who very graciously, spent much of her life working with the working with the public, working in retail, and now she gets to spend her days at home, taking unhurried time, reading her reading her scripture, making sure that she gets on the treadmill for the time that she needs to for her heart, and all of these other types of things. And yes, sometimes misses those one on one connections. But are you talking about your I was thinking about it on the way home. You talking about your? You love to hide, and I am so excited, because there's so much of a dream inside of me to take, like it's it's one of those things that's kind of always been there, but not necessarily always had my finger put on, but a dream inside of me to be able to take these things and to multiply them. And I'm, I don't know. I'm just grateful. I don't know what else to say

Speaker 1  1:31:36
and stay grateful. Matthias, yeah, delight ourselves in the Lord, and He will give us the desires of our heart. Yeah, wow. And there's nothing more he wants you to be than yourself.

Matthias Miller  1:31:53
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Wow.

Speaker 1  1:31:58
For you to find joy in that, stay there. Don't, don't move from there. Continue to do what brings you joy? Because God put that inside of you, yeah, yeah. You have permission. Permission, granted. Yeah. So go away rejoicing and doing, being human being, yeah, exactly who he designed you to be, with no apologies. Matthias, yeah, yeah, be a wildfire. Just let everything ablaze. That's what you do? Write that down. I'm a wildfire setting everything ablaze. To the glory of God. I'm telling, yeah, to the glory of God. That's who he is. He is amazing. And he's been waking me up to music and oh, it's crazy. Matthias, I'm doing my playlist for my 60th birthday. I'm not going to do a gathering, but I'm working on a family portrait. You know, of me and my siblings. We're all still here. All eight of us is one of us was deceased when I was 14, but there's eight of us. My brother, the oldest is 70, the youngest is 51 and they're all still here. Matthias, all eight of us. And so my gift to me is a family portrait, and so I'm, like, excited about it. And you know, it's like a full year 60th birthday, yeah, right in the middle of a pandemic. We don't have to be together, but we are together in our heart and in our love for each other. And you know, and that's my joy. I don't expect anybody else to be excited, yeah, and so you walk away with the joy of the Lord, because that's where your strength is. Matthias is being joyful in him, and then it's contagious. That's what wildfires do, yeah? And don't let nobody put your fire out. And they can't put your fire out because they gotta put you out because you're the fire. Yeah, so Amen, write down everything God tells you. Write down and do it. Yep. Amen, I'm excited. So any anything else are you going to pray us out? I'll pray

Matthias Miller  1:34:43
us out. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:34:50
so Jesus, it's as simple as this that you, you created this, this bridge. Knowledge and this mechanism for us to get adopted into your in into the father's family, yeah, and Father, you're on this journey of eradicating all of this, all of the orphan thoughts, all of the human reasoning, all of the less than what we were created for, yeah, and so we we give you our night, tonight to reshape our thoughts, yeah, speak into our spirits, yeah. We continue shaping and molding our awareness, yeah, understanding of our identity, yeah, uniquely crafted us to be yes, Lord and we, we are the clay. You're the potter. Yes, we are. We surrender ourselves to that. And we're, we're, we're just grateful. So thank you, yes,

Speaker 1  1:36:06
thank you, Father, in Jesus's name. Amen, pray that over your children. That's a powerful prayer. Pray it over your wife. Pray it over every human being, that God has delegated you as the delegated authority. Yeah, that is the prayer, yeah, for everybody to you, that's the prayer, wow, yeah, yeah, yes, yes, Amen. We're

Matthias Miller  1:36:50
gonna have to stop where we can't quit. But it's like, it's like this vortex of people, yeah, anyway, I we're gonna just,

Speaker 1  1:37:03
you got it. You got it? Matthias now develop it, build it. Build It. Noah, build it. Noah, build that house, you know, build cold house, build code house, build it. Get the building, baby. You know, get the building. Amen. So okay, so we'll, we'll talk as we go. Um, so what I'm saying, Matthias is, handle your business. That's the end of story. Yeah, wake up every day handling your business, and the business is what the business that God has given you. Yeah, this is your father's business. It's not your business. Yeah, yeah, okay, and we're going to see one amazing manifestation after another. Matthias, that's what I'm hearing in my heart. Viv he's about to see some stuff he never imagined. Wow. So it is. So I'm excited. I'll be worshiping and celebrating, because I don't like to work. Matthias, I'm retired. Okay, officially, yep. Amen, alright, dear, blessings on your wrist, we bleed. Blessings on your wife, your children and your children's children to the 1,000th generation. And you got a lot of kids, Matthias, and they're all not four or five or six. Some of them are 3527 4756 Okay. Age is a number.

Matthias Miller  1:38:57
Yeah, it's true.

Speaker 1  1:39:01
Go in your father's blessing,

Matthias Miller  1:39:04
yeah, yeah, wow,

Speaker 1  1:39:09
good Amen. Accomplished, yeah, mission accomplished, Yep, alright. And so we'll talk as we go. And again, if there's anything need prayer, check me there. I'm getting ready to talk to so and so. Pray. Then you're in meet with so and so. Pray. Okay, yeah, I'll do and I'll be interceding. Sounds good, all right. Brother, sweet squeeze. All right. Sounds good? Good night.

Unknown Speaker  1:39:39
Yep. Good day you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai