Speaker 1  00:00
I think it might have been me. I'm not sure, because you know what, I have a habit. When I get excited, I touch my phone. Maybe when I get so excited, I'll bring the phone to my chair. When I look and I go, Oh my god, where'd it go? So, yeah, that's my expression, but where did, what was the last thing you heard was about the wolf. I'm telling you about valor,

Matthias Miller  00:26
about, about valor, whatever, whatever he injects you. Yeah,

Speaker 1  00:31
I get the whole I get 24 hours of his experience. And I and I'm and so, because I don't want to get frustrated, and what he's really doing is engaging with me on his level. I found him, and I exhaust what he's trying to talk about. I say, I say, He like, he'll start on the work, then he'll go to the pig, then he then somehow Goldilocks gets in there. Then polar bear, polar bear, you know, and what I've learned from him, he's spewing out everything he's heard done or thought about, and then when I engage him, he'll look at me, he'll go, no, no, no. That means I'm not following. Now, he's not the easiest person to follow, however, he gives me cues you're not following, Auntie. And then I say, Okay, well, what is it you're telling me? And then you'll go off into a whole nother fairy tale. And I'm like, Okay, now we over here on the north side of Chicago. However, he knows I'm paying attention. He knows I'm doing my best. And it was, what was it? Oh, he Little Red Riding Hood. This is how he said, What a way, why? And I'm like, Who? I asked him 10 times, who then I realized he can't say you the letter L, but when I replace the W with L, I saw my guy. He's trying to tell me about a little miss, but he was everything was a double whoa. Wait a while, like, you know? And I got to say this expression on my face, and he's saying it over and over. And then I started smiling. And then he started smiling, because he knows I'm trying to say it the best I can, but I know I'm not saying it right. Then I take him so I say, valor, la, la little. He goes, wah, wah, wood. I say, okay, and I say rough, rough red, and he goes rough, rough red. So I know he can do his art, but his W, forget it. I mean the L, that's the dance Matthias, you're saying one thing the person you're communicating with is saying another when you repeat back fiance, know what I really was saying? You see what I'm saying with guys. That how we learn people's language. Because everybody has a language, yeah and yeah, and your job is to discern what the heck are we talking Yeah? For example, when you gave me the bullet points of the structure of how I can support you, then as I'm looking at I was thinking, okay, bringing in the staff. I would love for Matthias to take the lead on that, because they are comfortable with you. They they are familiar, and you know them, and so you better than I ever will. Now, I can do anything in the Holy Ghost, but the practical thing I have to learn. I have to fill them out. I have to carefully engage myself with them, because I don't want anybody running for cover and say I'm scared, you know, because that's not the plan. The plan is support and ensuring up who they are. So the more I share things like that, the more comfortable they get. Matthias, because I follow your lead. I'm not some foreigner coming to their planet, to your planet, to Planet Matthias, and then going well, what, you know, not a comment, zooming in and I'm about to explode something. No, there is a dance. There is a rhythm, and the rhythm already exists. The culture already exists because you guys have developed it in whatever time you've been together, and so I respect that, and by me being invited in

Unknown Speaker  04:57
it's wisdom. Mm.

Speaker 1  05:00
To to get in the rhythm, to follow, you know, because when, when we meet somebody new, Matthias, like, and I say that like you saw me at the true seminar, I was like, Okay, you guys forgive me, but I gotta tell you right now, Holy Ghost is really, you know, and some of you may run out the room and I but I gotta, this is who I am. And I had to do it over and over, Matthias. And then there were times that I was like, Bob, who's in the room, God is here, and I gotta do what you tell me to do. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, I do.

Unknown Speaker  05:38
And then they

Speaker 1  05:40
became more familiar, like, oh my god, this lady is really somebody different and unusual. And it wasn't I wasn't a threat, because I was very mindful. Anybody that have any questions or feel uncomfortable, let me know you see what I'm saying. Matthias, rather than ambushing somebody, you know, and see God, he says, environment, Matthias, we don't,

Unknown Speaker  06:08
yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  06:10
we're invited to the party. Yeah, we are invited to the assignment. That's where you can breathe. You saying, wait a minute. Oh, this is not all on me. This is on Mindy. This is on Ian, you know, this is on whoever God invites to this party, because

Unknown Speaker  06:32
it's his party, yeah,

Speaker 1  06:36
and you could just come in and feel the rhythm and say, hey, you know, Hey, I like the way we did that. You know, like I'm looking at your bullet points. I'm like, Man, I love this, but I have to refrain from scaring everybody, because I get excited. Matthias,

Matthias Miller  06:56
well, I'll let you figure out which one of them is most, most timid of you, but you'll win them over.

Speaker 1  07:04
Oh yes. And you know, it is so beautiful. Matthias, I just wanted, I just want to blow a kiss on that Zoom call, because I'm like, if you guys only knew how crazy the two of us are, where we're having the conversation, you know, they don't know, and it's okay, Matthias, but they will know. They will know. And it's so exciting, because I love, you know, I love the courageous lion. So tell us about you and VIV like, tell us about how you guys you know. And the beauty of it is Matthias. We gotta tell Matthias and Vivian stories anytime we get together. We gotta share something, you know, so they can say they they're nuts, and then, because we're all we're all crazy, but, but somehow we get through life, and this is the way it should be. We all come with who we are, and there's no law against any of us. And it was funny, because I was trying to learn who was who you know, and I was taking notes and I and when I, when I called Mindy's name out. Now, Mindy was the one with the fire, right? She lives in California, or at somewhere, where does Mindy?

Matthias Miller  08:29
No, or that's Heidi. That's in California. I mean, I'm sorry, Oregon. She's in Oregon,

Speaker 1  08:34
Oregon, okay? Because I knew she was somewhere, where the fires were. Heidi, okay, yeah. And I thought Heidi was Mindy.

Unknown Speaker  08:44
Gotcha, yeah,

Speaker 1  08:45
because right away I zoomed it. I When I spoke about Mindy and Mindy, you know, her faith appeared, but it was, it was Mindy. I knew that was Mindy, but it was Heidi that was drawing on me. Matthias, yes, I she was drawing on me and and, and I'll tell you what I got about Heidi that

Unknown Speaker  09:10
God has sent

Speaker 1  09:13
us to. And I'll use this word, secure her, like protect her. I feel like I needed to protect Heidi and and all of a sudden my heart, it just got extremely warm, concerning her. Like I felt we need to protect Heidi and and so, like, I'll be able to tell you clearly what I got for different for different ones, because God speaking, and I was writing. And so when we do get the privilege of communicating with one another, and they're gonna say, well, VID, you know, because you can tell them things about me, you know you have the the freedom Matthias, because you know them as much as you know about them. And. You could say, let me tell you something, when you get with this. I mean, really, really, get with her, because you're going to be blessed. You know, it's that whole prep thing, because people are learning boundaries and trying to understand what's the boundaries and period in the company, and they're being established, and these are your foundation people, Matthias, and you're going to build strong, and you're going to build mighty. And what I love about God, he says, Know them than labor among you. And so it's important when God speaks to you about one of them, to write it down. Have a, you know, have a Heidi tab where you just jotting things down, you know, have a Mindy tab. Have an Ian tab. What's the other young man's name?

Speaker 2  10:57
What was his name? Jim him. Okay, let me Yeah, because I don't have the name in front

Speaker 1  11:03
of me, let me write him down right here again. But this is the thing. Have something with tabs on it. Have a Vivian tab,

Unknown Speaker  11:13
yeah, ID tag.

Speaker 1  11:17
A dijo is her name, daijo, or dejo,

Unknown Speaker  11:21
it's it with a, b like boy, BJ, beetle,

Speaker 1  11:25
okay, be Jo. You know anybody you run, you know. You know what works is a three ring binder with loose fleece paper. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  11:36
have a song.

Speaker 1  11:38
And anytime God speaks to you about their boo, boo boo write it down anytime he speaks to you about Mindy. Boop, boop, Tim. Boop, boop, Ian, you see, and that binder when you're when you're talking to us, is right there with you. You flip the Vivian stage and say, This is what I wanted to ask. This you can flip to the Heidi page. This is what you see, what I'm saying, yeah, and then all of us are in the palm of your hand, you know, you've got to grasp if you talk to your sister, you know, do a tab for her. You know, something you're thinking about with your wife. Do a job for her, any of the kids. Then you got this wonderful binder with these tabs and this loose leaf paper in it. And you can, you know, you can, you be so tight and ready? Like, how did you get so organized, you know? And it's just that you're learning tools of the trade. Yeah, that's something that simple, with $1 block of loose leaf paper and a raggedy three ring binder. And get you some tabs, or make you some tabs. You know, put tape on it, write names on it, yeah, keep life simple, because it is Matthias, yeah, yeah, it is and so again, every time you meet somebody, you know, you tab them. And you may never talk to them a second time or a third time, but guess what, when you speak to them again, if it happens, you got something documented. Say, Yeah, I remember the last time we spoke,

Unknown Speaker  13:26
yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  13:36
And I'm really proud of you discerning like this person is just kind of leaped out and, you know, was trying to ambush me or hog time me or whatever. And that's what the sermon is about. Matthias, your time is your time. Yeah, and, and everybody's in the business of connecting, reconnecting, disconnecting. You know that's going on throughout the world. We're about to have a new president. Yep, own new administration, Matthias. And guess who's on top of it? Who's on top of it? There is, I can tell you anything you want to know about this election? Because I was paying attention, because God had me paying attention, yeah, learning the nuances, the ins and the outs and the fret and how fragile our government is and how fragile our nation is. Yeah, that I'm an intercensor,

Unknown Speaker  14:39
so I gotta know. Yeah.

Speaker 1  14:42
And then that sharpens me where, when something's going on in the government or in the earth, I could say Matthias, this is what I'm hearing God say, you see what I'm saying, Yeah, but that's my job in the kingdom, yeah. And I'm true to it. And I'm taking notes. And guess what, I don't even have an audience. But guess what, I have an audience of one, and it's

Unknown Speaker  15:09
God. Yeah.

Speaker 1  15:14
So this is about you. You ruling and reigning in the earth Matthias, not just, not just in the things that God has given you. This is about the whole world. Matthias,

Speaker 1  15:32
yeah. This is about the whole world our, you know, our personal thing. They fit in there. But this is about the big picture of God, the

Speaker 2  15:41
kingdom. Yep.

Speaker 1  15:57
And so in your in your time that you spent today, what what came up, or what was interesting, or what caught your attention, or, you know, did you rest like you said? I'm emailing, I'm decompressing, because that's necessary.

Unknown Speaker  16:20
One of the things,

Unknown Speaker  16:29
God keeps putting me into situations where

Matthias Miller  16:36
that keeps putting me around people who read, read situations and read people like that's what that's that was the theme today. I met this morning for breakfast with one of my closest friends, okay? And one of the, one of the things, one of the things that just hit me in the middle of this conversation, he was, he basically said, my job is two things, one, to remind people about relationship, and two, it's teaching them how to problem solve,

Unknown Speaker  17:10
really. And I'm like,

Matthias Miller  17:14
and just like that, the thought pops into my head. I'm like, How are people's marriages and families in this area,

Unknown Speaker  17:24
wow,

Matthias Miller  17:26
and it, and it never hit me like that.

Unknown Speaker  17:30
That's good and and so,

Matthias Miller  17:40
like so I'm talking to him, and just like, open this whole other thing, this friend of mine, he was like, he said, when I, when I went, went into leadership at the church, he was like, I know he's called there, I know he's got a gift there, but it's just a matter of time. And I And he keeps seeing like so much stuff in the system and and the authoritarian nature of the system that everybody's so entrenched with, and the hypocrisy that it gives birth to, and the fleshly living that is birthed out of that,

Unknown Speaker  18:23
and just all of the everything like

Matthias Miller  18:30
and he's so so he and his wife stepped away from the culture, and it was one of the he said it was the hardest thing they've ever done in their life, because they suddenly realized how much of their identity had been wrapped up in that. He said he doesn't regret it. He said he doesn't regret it. He regrets some of the ways that they handled, some of the ways they made decisions based based off of that, but he doesn't regret it at all. But it's one of the hardest things he said time and time again. Whenever we meet, we just like, it's like, this instant, we just like, I mean, we're in the same page. Like, yeah, different lives, but same. Like, I don't even know the same script, yeah, yep, the same script. And like, and so he sees, he can't help but see all this stuff. So, like, there's that. Then I pick up the phone. I was just like, it's time to connect with my sister. I talked to her for a while and and like, just crazy stories about what's going on there and leaders in ministry. There's two ministries working side by side. Both of them see the manipulation and the control and the other one, but neither, neither of them see it in themselves. It's just a mess. And like, she had friends telling her to leave earlier, and God dealt with her on the on the codependency. And her pastor came back and and her pastor was like, Yeah, I'm sorry what I said about leaving, because what I saw was the codependency, but I realized now that you. In this place, and you're learning how to engage with them, and you don't let them pull your chain anymore, and you don't need them anymore. And and like, there's just been like this, just this transformation for her and like, for years of like, anyway, her story, I would love for you to her to share your story with you sometime. But like, like, so much transformation and so much freedom and like,

Unknown Speaker  20:33
just, I don't know, it's just amazing,

Speaker 1  20:36
and that's beautiful, and I can't wait Matthias, because guess what? There is a full blown evolution going on, Matthias, and we gotta align with it. We gotta allow ourselves to

Speaker 2  20:50
change. Yeah, and so then here's the thing, go ahead. No, you go ahead. I'm listening. Here's the

Matthias Miller  21:04
so my computer has been giving out piece by piece, and I need a new computer. And I was just praying this morning, and like,

Matthias Miller  21:19
I felt like God was saying, You need to get a Mac. I'm like, Well, I don't want a Mac like none of my none of my peers are going to be none of my software peers, my brother and my colleague, they're not going to be proud of me for getting him back. But and I don't want to spend for a Mac like this. Give me the cheap old things like this. Give me the best, best computer for a decent price, and I

Unknown Speaker  21:44
felt like I was supposed to and

Matthias Miller  21:48
then there's all the rational thinking of like, I don't want to rush it, but I felt like I was supposed to work for one today. Yeah. And as we were, as we were sitting down on the getting ready to talk. There's one that was just listed. It's a, it's a really, it looks like a really solid, solid machine for really

Unknown Speaker  22:08
good price.

Matthias Miller  22:12
Part of me is there's this part of me that I think

Speaker 2  22:16
I don't know, and I'm scared. Of, like, just this being another one of those impetuous decisions, yeah, and I'm just being real, like, don't

Matthias Miller  22:37
go into look at it now, actually.

Speaker 1  22:41
And you and you know what Matthias Can I tell you? See, it's going to be so liberating when you get it. And I'm going to tell you why there, there are molds. And remember, we talked about the onion, and we talked about the onion being peeled, and there's so many layers that we bear up under, and we don't know why. And once we take whatever that step is, Matthias, and when we take we go, Oh, my God, I still live. You know, I'm still okay. And so there's some modes that God is breaking off of you allow it, Matthias, and live through it, because where you're going, all of this stuff that shows up on your journey is stuff, okay, write it down. Stuff is stuff. That's all it is. And there's stuff Matthias that attaches itself to us, and we don't know how it got there,

Unknown Speaker  23:47
yeah. And

Speaker 1  23:51
one thing I know about God, when He tells us to do something and we question it, usually, there's going to be so much liberation in that that we were fighting, what took me so long, that that reverential fear is healthy. Matthias, but you're gonna, we get to a place, and then say, what was the and then you scratch your head, and you and you don't have an answer. And so Matthias, such is life.

Unknown Speaker  24:26
Here it is.

Speaker 1  24:28
And what I'm excited about is, God is building us. Matthias, Moses, didn't know what is, what an ark was. Yeah. Do you know? Do you know? Not Moses? Which one was it? Which one? No, no, no. Yeah, right, but Moses didn't know what a deliverer was,

Unknown Speaker  24:52
yeah, and he was the deliverer.

Speaker 1  24:56
And I'm sure it was never it. His desire to stand before this crazy Pharaoh. Imagine who wants to be bothered with Trump right now? Matthias, this man has lost this race. I can't imagine what his environment is like right now, yeah, and this is what I'm saying, Matthias, such is life. We are transforming, and we're beautiful. You're not the only one. I'm not the only one. It's a whole human race of us, okay,

Unknown Speaker  25:39
yeah, we're not the only one.

Speaker 1  25:42
You're getting ready to break some crazy barriers. I wish I'm telling you. Matthias, it's like every time we talk God just walk. Just shows me all these pictures. I'm like, whoa. Wait a minute, God, we'll get there. But right now, we need to be we need to do ABC. You know, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm a finisher.

Unknown Speaker  26:08
And so

Speaker 1  26:10
I have to walk the walk of we gotta get there. There. We're going to get to the finished product, but we got to get there. And so there are tools Matthias that we must have get there. Yeah, yeah. God is not mediocer by any stretch. And and so Matthias, as he's shaping us and molding us, he won't have us to do some things like, Lord, I don't want to do that. I don't do that. He's there. This is not about what you want to do and what you don't do. You see what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah. Because it's about the making of a king. Matthias, he's making a king. Jesus is the King of hope, the king, king of kings, yeah, and he's the Lord of who Lord, so where's the rest of the kings, and where's the rest of the Lord?

Unknown Speaker  27:13
Wow.

Speaker 1  27:16
Yeah, that should slap you in the face. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  27:20
He's making a king, yeah?

Speaker 1  27:25
And you got to be okay with though, or you can say, Lord, I'm not comfortable with this. And he'll say, okay, and then he'll do whatever it takes you get comfortable. But guess what, David, you're gonna rule you. You'll be out there with the sheep all the time, some for sorry,

Unknown Speaker  27:45
Yeah, yeah, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  27:52
tell me your thoughts about that.

Speaker 2  28:00
I well, I gotta tell you something else about before

Matthias Miller  28:12
you did that. But like one of the things that I felt like I was supposed to engage with this person to help put some of these, this infrastructure into place and, and, like, guess what? The first one of the first,

Speaker 2  28:27
first modules is called the CEO operating system, okay, and so I don't even know, like, again, like it was just this. There's this out.

Unknown Speaker  28:49
It's what Matthias, I didn't hear the last thing.

Unknown Speaker  28:53
I mean, there's this

Speaker 2  29:01
also hard for me to trust, trust, trust him with this, and yet

Matthias Miller  29:06
I want to go all in with it, and I don't want to rush it. And yet I want to be in step. But How ironic to switch my operating system in the natural when I was

Unknown Speaker  29:22
I don't even know

Matthias Miller  29:23
my operating system on my computer when I'm switching my operating system now, I show up.

Speaker 1  29:32
I'm telling you, Matthias, you gotta you, you gotta walk it. And guess what? Matthias, when you're driving a car, does it have brakes and gas acceleration? It has acceleration and brakes, right? Yeah, yeah. Do you know you can put the brakes on anytime you want, yeah. But I don't need the brakes. It's. Is no acceleration.

Matthias Miller  30:11
I'm listening Go ahead. How do you learn the balance? Like, how do you know? Like, how do you

Unknown Speaker  30:18
let me tell you. Matthias, how old am? I forget

Matthias Miller  30:23
what you said, 6960

Unknown Speaker  30:26
I will be 69

Speaker 1  30:33
No, that's okay. I will be in December. Matthias, I've had 60 years of practice.

Unknown Speaker  30:42
Yeah, that's how you know.

Speaker 1  30:49
And I'm and I'm a firm believer. This is, this is true, true to my heart. This is who I am. Tired when I hear from God and I do it. You know what? I always say, God is big enough to stop me, big enough to block me, big enough to talk to me and say there's not yet.

Unknown Speaker  31:10
Hold on. Do

Speaker 1  31:12
you hear what I'm saying? Matthias, because he's our God. Yeah, it's not you. Yeah. The only reason I know how is because I know him, yeah, and I have the conversation. I say, Lord, okay, you're telling me to do this. I'm out of do it now. And I'm telling you sure as day he'll say, No, it's Wait You see what I'm saying. But guys, I do, yeah, there's an ongoing dialog with he and I just like Valerie down for his nap. I decided, okay, Imma close my eyes for 20 minutes before the call. Guess what? Holy Spirit said, You better cut your alarm, cuz VIV you will go into a sleep and you'll wake up and it's tomorrow morning. Yeah? So, Matthias, I spent my life for 20 minutes. Yeah, you see what I'm saying. It's a cut. It's a perpetual dialog. If I don't turn him on and turn him off. Matthias, when I when I'm in, when I'm getting up in the morning, I'm gonna give you the I'm gonna give you a Vivian day. First and foremost, I don't want to get up. I never want to get up. My diet. And I start using an alarm clock because it don't work, because he always wakes me up before, yeah, I'm gonna get up at this time. And then I look up at three in the morning. So I get up. And then after I've been up for a couple of hours, Matthias, and then I know I got to be up for valor. I set that alarm because I know I didn't got up. I did what God wanted me to do, and when I lay back down, I don't never have to give it get up again, but I know I had to get up her valor, so I set the alarm. And true enough, if that alarm didn't go off, valor would be downstairs, ringing a bell, trying to get in the house.

Unknown Speaker  33:12
He and his mom.

Speaker 1  33:14
You know yourself, Matthias, I know Vivian, and I know the the boundaries and and the and what I need around Vivian for me to function as Vivian, yeah, and so that's what, that's what you're doing now. You gotta know what you need Matthias to function, yeah, if you need to have breakfast or lunch with your buddy once a week, you put put them on the count. If you know one of your children, you just love you. You just love laughing with them and just they bring you so much joy. Put them on your calendar. When people ask me, What's my availability, is that the valor goes down for lunch because he's going to compete the whole time he knows I'm spending time with somebody else. That's just his norm.

Unknown Speaker  34:19
Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  34:22
That's how I know my clients. I know how much rest I need. I know how much ice cream I need. I know I know how, because I know Vivian, I attend to me the way that I attend to others,

Unknown Speaker  34:45
put you on the calendar,

Speaker 1  34:49
and just like you know you knew you needed to give Mindy to projects, then what does what does Matthias need? You? Yeah, and put you on the calendar because you gotta have a calendar because there's a greater demand on you. So I have a calendar in my size because there's a greater demand on me. I just this week alone to tell you about my week, there were two gentlemen Terry wanted me to speak to, and I knew nothing about these men. And I promise you, Matthias, I didn't put it on my calendar. So I get a text, and Terry is like that. He's real good. He's like this run a conference sign. I want to say why, but I suppose. And then I and then, you know, you didn't put this on your calendar because we planned it, uh, last month. I said, Okay, Perry, no problem getting on, I get on this call. And these are heavy. Matthias, heavy. I can discern it. I'm like, oh, Lord, so on this call. And then, you know, Terry knows I will never, never take the lead, because only the reason you call me into this call, because God told you to call me into this call, but you got to take the lead, and then I'll know why I'm on this call. And that's and that's it. And so he said, this, this is, you know, he said their names. And then he said, Well, I thought I'd bring you guys together. And he just broke out, you know, why he brought us together? And he goes, this, what are your thoughts on that? And I went in Matthias.

Unknown Speaker  36:38
I went in

Speaker 1  36:41
because my part is my part. Yeah, I want to do Perry's part. I didn't have to do their part. And they was like, whoa. And the one guy said, Have you been following me around? And I started laughing, and the ice was dropping there, because when all God expected for me to do my part? Matthias, yeah, yeah, we don't expect you to do our part. Matthias, you have so much insight and oversight, and you have so much genius. Matthias, that it reminds me of different ones in the Bible, you know, I think about Timothy and his mother or grandmother. I think it was his mom and his grandmother, and he was so gifted at such a young age, Matthias that, you know, he his mom and his grandmother. Was like, it's gonna be all right, Timothy, you are amazing. But we're here. We're here, yep, and they walked it out, you know, with them, and from the side, that's why I'm here.

Unknown Speaker  37:50
I'm mama, yeah.

Speaker 1  37:54
And you can say anything, you can feel, anything you It don't matter, because I I'm doing what I'm supposed to do.

Unknown Speaker  38:04
Yeah, you know, and I'm

Speaker 1  38:06
and guess what? Matthias, you didn't again, go on Craigslist and say, do anybody know where Vivian is? And these are the qualifications your father sent me.

Speaker 2  38:21
Yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  38:31
and I'm always keep it simple, because what you have to do is extremely complicated. Yeah, and you're doing it, you're the man for the job. And you know what else? Job, still job, yeah, always remember that it's going to be one of the other it's going to be job or job.

Speaker 1  39:01
And that's how I balance it. Balance IT. Matthias, I don't overwhelm myself. And guess what? People can always wait, because it works for them. It may not work for me. Matthias, and I look at what I put on my calendar, because I put everything on my calendar that I need, my diet, and when it's dealing with something that I need, it's like, well, the only day I have, you know, because it's the Truth, and then I'm proficient and I'm effective,

Unknown Speaker  39:39
yeah, yeah, good news is

Matthias Miller  39:49
that you're not going to let go until this, actually, until I really deeply get it like it's just been so ingrained. It's been so ingrained in me, my. My parents never lived with boundaries. They never lived with

Unknown Speaker  40:05
I just didn't

Matthias Miller  40:09
the idea that time is actually something that you own and you steward. Was like, okay, like, here's an example. So I've been getting, you know, more focused on saying no, but it's like, this is still like, I think one of the challenges is sometimes there's kind of that emotional hook of like, Oh, but I should, like a good friend would, or a, I don't know what,

Speaker 1  40:35
no, get rid of all of that. The Word of God says, in business gives me, and he didn't say, be friends. Yeah, in business, and you write that down somewhere, Matthias, you get that scripture in business, be as men. I believe it's somewhere in Proverbs. And I'm telling you, Matthias, you can't, because think about it, where did God take Moses to make him where did he take him? Wilderness? Mm, hmm, Moses the desert. Yep, yeah. Who was in the desert with him?

Unknown Speaker  41:13
Bunch of sheep. God,

Speaker 1  41:16
that was it. And guess what? Sheep don't talk back. They don't have good sense. But there was, there were no distractions. Yeah, and I'm, I'm telling you, Matthias, you're building something for God, Noah.

Unknown Speaker  41:40
Get that in your head, yeah,

Matthias Miller  41:45
yeah. And stop downplaying the assignment as if it's just something I made

Speaker 1  41:50
up. Yeah, yeah. And guess what? It's okay. But that's what I love about God, is that he will he will make it make sense. He will bring clarity. He is the God of clarity. He is not the author of What confusion. Confusion, ever, yeah, ever Matthias, yeah. And that's an umpire when something is robbing you of your peace. Investigate.

Unknown Speaker  42:21
Yeah, and then make the change, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  42:31
it's well,

Speaker 1  42:33
because this is the process Matthias, this is the only way you remember. I believe it was Paul. And he said, I must need to go through Samaria and all of what God was calling him to do. He knew. And you know, there would be cities that, you know constantly would beg him please. And Paul was like, No, I gotta go. Yeah, Paul, they gonna beat you to a pulp. They don't leave you for dead. But he heard from God. That's how it goes, Man, we heard from God.

Unknown Speaker  43:13
Yeah, that's your focus. Yeah.

Speaker 1  43:23
God. And you do hear from God clearly, and you take note of what he's saying, and you do it the way he's telling you to do it. And every time you need him, you ask Father, okay, now, what do you want me to do just like right now? Matthias, he is some amazing things going on around and he instructed me to build an economy. Matthias, and literally begin to bring the people around me that want to build an economy too. Isn't that crazy?

Speaker 2  44:02
All me, yeah, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  44:09
we're in good company.

Speaker 1  44:16
Yeah, we are right here. Breathe, breathe and keep breathing. You. Reason. Yeah, and you if you don't need permission to breathe, you don't need permission to chill, you don't need permission to do what makes you happy, because it ain't a whole lot. Matthias, you know, we're not, we're not, I'm telling you, God, these assignments, and then when I like, I love being with my sister. I have three sisters, and I have one. She is such a comedian, like even now, she's sending me stuff and making me laugh. And I told her, I said, right now I'm with a client, but that's not going to stop her from making me. Laugh. And I mean, when we get together, we have a gut wrenching tears, because we either laughing at our parents, you know, both of them are gone, we either laughing at the kids, we either laughing about our own craziness. But Isn't that powerful Matthias that we get to be exactly who we are,

Speaker 2  45:25
yeah, and there's no law against it, yeah. So what else you got in your bag of goods? I

Matthias Miller  45:46
I think, with that. So one of the things that have been doing that's been super helpful is, like, planning out my week. Everything goes on my calendar. If it's not on my calendar, it doesn't get done. Okay? And I don't, I don't care, because it needs to be done. I put it on my calendar, excellent. Like, it's just that simple. But I think one of the challenges with that is the kind of the daily rhythm,

Unknown Speaker  46:14
okay, like,

Matthias Miller  46:18
I don't know, I don't even know what, like, this day has been really good, just to, like, I said, decompress, yeah, yeah. But, like, there's so much demand on me right now, and I know it's just the season,

Speaker 1  46:30
okay, so my question is, are these demands you're putting on yourself? Are they real, legitimate demands now, this is what I want you to do, yeah, I want you, when you talk about the demand, Matthias, I want you to do a list of demands and legitimate demands,

Unknown Speaker  47:01
yeah, and list them

Speaker 1  47:03
and what's not legitimate, you need to cross it out, yeah, and only you can say what's legitimate. You see, there's not somebody else saying what's

Unknown Speaker  47:14
legitimate, yeah, it's you thinking.

Speaker 1  47:20
And as soon as you hear illegitimate, draw a line through it's still on the sheet. Didn't go anywhere. But when you look at what's legitimate, then you shape that for your week. Matthias, yeah, and if it's illegitimate,

Speaker 2  47:41
don't do it, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  47:50
Demand and start doing that. If you can do it daily, do it weekly, yeah? Because you you are evolving, and you've got to manage you. Nobody's managing you, yeah, and it's all a learning experience. And again, you can't fail, because it's your life, it's your world. And what you're doing is shaping and molding and structuring, just like you do software. You're

Speaker 1  48:36
going to learn what works and what doesn't work. And so this is really all about you Matthias.

Speaker 1  48:59
And remember I told you what? When Jesus, he would go away and hide, right? Yeah, and he wouldn't tell people where he was,

Unknown Speaker  49:09
yeah,

Speaker 1  49:11
and that was legitimate hiding, like, like, I'm telling you, Matthias, I I love the fact that no one's dictating to me how I spend my time, no one. And I'm so grateful and and I'm so healthy, you know, because people can be toxic, yeah, and strange, and it's like, you know when I'm going back to my house, because I don't have to be here, you know, really, that's what I do. I'll be like, go home. Nope, that I don't. I don't want to deal with that today, because it's not my challenge. But I'm telling you, Matthias, we can get that protective of our. Tea,

Unknown Speaker  50:01
our joy,

Matthias Miller  50:05
yeah, I guess that's a, there's a that's a good eye opening. Eye opener for me. I think,

Unknown Speaker  50:13
Oh, that's interesting.

Matthias Miller  50:15
I mean, part of, part of this is like, I'm thinking back to that breakfast that I, you know, probably should have just skipped, but, you know, did just because. And, you know, for the sake of friendship and for the sake of, I don't, I don't know what, but instead of talking about each other, we were talking about the, like, the election issues. And,

Speaker 1  50:42
yeah, like, yeah, I don't have everybody's trying to get through it too. Matthias, everybody, yeah, we're all in this thing together. And, and I'll say this, you better put yourself on your calendar for next week

Speaker 2  51:01
because you don't need it. Yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  51:06
you're gonna need it. And when they say, you say, You know what, these first four days, I don't have any space. And guess what, it's okay. And I share this with people all the time. Matthias, when I say I'm not available, it don't mean I've piled up stuff in my day. It means during that time, I'm not doing it

Unknown Speaker  51:31
for real,

Speaker 1  51:33
because look at how good you feel right now. Like you said, I'm taking a day off. Well, you can, yeah, yeah. And it's doing you a world of good. Yeah? Because, because, guess what, our world is so what it is right now. Matthias, I'm not going crazy with the rest of the world. I refuse, and I will not be a statistic. We had to bring the I Love Me jacket to put Vivian in it and then cart her off. No, because I don't have to. Matthias, we don't have to, yeah,

Speaker 2  52:14
we have a choice. Yeah, well, I well.

Speaker 1  52:28
And I love where you are right now, because you really are decompressing. You really are growing, you really are learning. You really are balancing.

Unknown Speaker  52:41
You really are,

Speaker 1  52:43
and you're recognizement, discerning when you need to change something. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  52:52
kind of reminds me a little bit as a, as a, as a kid, you hit your growth spurt, and all of your joints start to ache, and your bones are sore, and you're just, like, everything's just, it's all from internal,

Speaker 2  53:08
internal growth, all this internal pressure.

Unknown Speaker  53:12
It's growth, it really is, and

Matthias Miller  53:14
it takes and you sleep more, and you like, and that's like,

Unknown Speaker  53:20
kind of the season,

Speaker 1  53:22
and that's part of your growth. You gotta sleep bones is in there, doing stuff, rearranging it, so you like, what is the I'll never forget? And that's such a beautiful analogy. Because you know, when I watch valor and when he discovers himself, he is so fascinated, and I just watch him. And you know, it's just crazy Matthias, but all of our life development is that where it's a wonder, it's a wonder, and let it be, let it be, let it be. God got us where we are, you know, and he it's not like we can talk to him. Oh, God, what are you gonna do? He's like, what I know what I'm doing. What do you mean? What am I gonna do? They know what he's doing. But guys, let me tell you something funny about this election. Okay, I I'm an act like, at a certain part of the day I'm going to sleep, like, eight o'clock. I don't care what I'm watching. Yeah, I'm gonna fry chicken. You're gonna hear me. You're just gonna hear me fried chicken. So a couple of times I'm watching different newscasts, you know, like the other ones, not the network, but the ones where they really tell you the truth and they not should code stuff. So I'm watching, and then I know I wake up and I'm like, oh my god, I'm just a whole whatever. But I always wake up at the right time with God. It. And I was just laughing. I was like, I guess that other stuff just wasn't important. But this right here, this is good. And one time I woke up and this gentleman, he said, be he said, Biden, he's got votes in the bank. He said, Trump didn't have any votes in the bank because he told the people to show up, you know. And I just laughed about that, because I, I feel sorry for him, because he thought would go, you know, go to the polls. And then Biden is saying, do it early, and, you know, and do it by mail. And so here it is, this never ending Island mail just won't go away because people did it and no, so those votes got counted last, or the being counted last. But he's got the and then this guy, it was so overwhelmed, he said, he said, wow, Biden really had votes in the bank. Now I would have never saw it that way, but it was the truth. He had this big supply of votes that he didn't even know he had, and then just sitting there in piles, you know, and then it when they as the as they look, and they're like, oh my gosh,

Speaker 2  56:20
7 million, over 7 million. Matthias crazy,

Speaker 1  56:29
and so this is one of the reason I brought that up. We're not missing anything. Yeah, when I fell asleep, I needed to fall asleep, and when I woke up, I will come right on. That's what I want you to know. Matthias, you're not missing anything.

Speaker 2  56:47
Yeah, that's so good.

Speaker 1  56:51
Wasn't that good? And it made me laugh, Matthias, because I was like, whoa. And so I wasn't worried about, you know, people, they drinking coffee. I'm going to sleep, and then when I wake up, because I was just learning like he was waking me up on the parts I needed to get up on,

Unknown Speaker  57:10
yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  57:16
Did he not put Adam in sleep? And he didn't wake him up until Eve was made and formed. I

Speaker 2  57:21
Oh,

Speaker 1  57:27
that's what we got to remember. He's not going to let us. Let us miss it. We're not going to miss it, guys, we're not missing it. And

Speaker 1  57:42
when you're tired, you go to sleep. And I promise you, your angels are gonna tap you on the nose, tap you on the head. One of the kids gonna show up saying, Dad, you'll be like, ain't gonna look at the clock. Oh, my God, I should be up. I should you see what I'm saying? Yep, cuz God got it all in his hand. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  58:11
I'm excited. It'll be good. It's good. It's helpful,

Speaker 1  58:17
good. And that's what I just want you to know that and you're, you're executing what's already happened. Matthias, so you can rest. Wow,

Unknown Speaker  58:29
it's finished, yeah. And as this, it's

Matthias Miller  58:39
like you said, it's the layers of the onion and and,

Unknown Speaker  58:43
and like learning to

Matthias Miller  58:47
after years of watching my parents toil

Unknown Speaker  58:51
and,

Matthias Miller  58:54
and, you know, after my own failures, and like things that I've tried that haven't worked, failed miserably,

Unknown Speaker  58:59
and then

Matthias Miller  59:03
the thing that was different was not walking in set with with God and where he's going me. But there's still this, like peeling away the layers of trusting that,

Matthias Miller  59:17
trusting that I don't have to make it work. Like,

Speaker 1  59:19
yeah, Matthias, it's built into you. Those, those you know how they say built, right? That's a brand you've been built, right? I promise you, I promise you. And I've learned that Matthias knew I am God's idea, yeah, and he is. He's such a good father. And what I don't know, he taps me on the shoulder and says, I go. I didn't even know that, you know, and it's really a relationship. That loaded with joy, Matthias, and he had convinced me how much he loves me and how much he put in me, you know, because I see the fruit, just like Matthias, I'm really working at writing, you know, because I've got, I've got 35 titles, and it's been over a stretch in my life, yeah, and, you know, I'll start, and then I go, Oh, this, you know, and then I don't want to do it. And now, what Holy Spirit is doing, he's putting people around me, Matthias, that are really holding me accountable, but they love me, and they're saying, Okay, for this, when you are feeling it, and when you're ready, it's not just push, pull you need, no, it's like, because this stuff is in you. And so it may be time, you know, to birth something, and so you're birthing Matthias, and we're just midwives, yeah, making sure you don't kill the baby or yourself. Yeah, very true. And give yourself permission to give birth. Because, listen, Matthias, look, by the time I'm 61 I probably have done 500 things, because now I got more sense, I got more experience, you know, I know it works and doesn't work, yeah, and it all happens in time. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So you're on schedule. You're not You're not behind, you're not in the pit, and they gotta come and hiss you out. You're you're doing extremely well. You're thriving. You're in your right mind, Matthias, you have a beautiful family. You You're doing awesome, yeah, and keep smelling them roses. Yeah. And guess who you competing with? No one.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:19
Yeah. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:24
That'll take two gorillas off your back.

Speaker 2  1:02:30
There's only one of you. You're gonna

Unknown Speaker  1:02:36
sleep good tonight. You're gonna sleep real good,

Matthias Miller  1:02:42
Billy. I as you're talking, I feel like there's this

Unknown Speaker  1:02:49
so there's this

Matthias Miller  1:02:54
space to breathe and space to dream and and like, even in the, even in the marketing stuff I've been working on,

Matthias Miller  1:03:09
like, there is something inside of me that's so hardwired with public speaking as an example, Yeah, and like, like, it's, it's hit my radar before. And like, I still don't know how to execute like, and we're in a weird season to execute that. That's going to look different in this

Speaker 1  1:03:33
season. But you know where Matthias just do it, don't no, there's no pattern. You just do it. You sit down and say, This is what I'm going to do. And then you do it, yeah, they first of all, if, if you are the, if you're the prototype Matthias, you're not going to find somebody to to identify with Matthias because you were fearfully and wonderfully made. Yeah, so it's not your twin is not out here. There is not, there isn't another one. And so it's about your expression, you know, you knowing how you want to present and saying, This is what I'm I'm getting that this is how I need to do it. And then you just do it, and you get your feet wet, and you go, wow, you know, because you got to fascinate yourself. Because, I'm telling you, Matthias, there are things that come out of my mouth. I'm on the other side looking like, whoa. You know,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:42
I'm getting more blessed than people, yeah, do it,

Matthias Miller  1:04:56
and everybody else is saying,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:59
All right, so. Oh, all right, more layers. One of the things that has come up is this whole

Matthias Miller  1:05:11
idea that if you're not careful, or if you don't, I don't know, what, if you let your mind go here, I guess I don't know. It's easy to believe. And this is actually a huge is actually a lot deeper than what I realized. But it's easy to believe that nobody, nobody wants what I have, even from a business standpoint. And like, like, the unrealistic, the unrealistic part of it is that, well, first of all, that's not even true, because we've proven we've had people think we've had people paying really good money to get what we can give them. And so I don't even know quite what my question is,

Speaker 1  1:05:52
but here's the thing. Here's the thing. Matthias, I see you and you remember how you sent me the poster. Yeah, and you said you were using that for motivation, like, be free. Like, you know, just do be and I'm telling you, Matthias, when you hear those things, make you a eight and a half by 11. That says everybody wants what I have. Wow, this is how you combat your enemy, yeah, this is how you combat Yeah. When you hear something that's trying to take you into a dark hole, I mean, go so polar in the other direction that the enemy say, oh, we need to back up off of him, yeah, he's calling our bluff. You see what I'm saying, especially when it is something is weighing on you, just like and this is no joke, and I'm telling you the truth. Matthias, when I get up in the morning and when I go to the to the restroom, I look in the mirror, and I said, Oh, God, I just love you so much. But see, I'm in His image and his likeness, so when I look in the mirror, I see my father, Yeah, isn't that powerful? That is? And that's how I wake up every day, Matthias, because it was just natural for me when I would go and then I look in the mirror, you know, washing your hands, you see the mirror, and I said, Lord, I just love you. I'm literally saying to my God, I am made in your image and your likeness, and I love you. Yeah, that's how free we gotta be. Matthias, because it's so much in this world to beat us down and hold us back and hinder us and lie to us and and imprison us. It's like, just like, let me tell you what VIV is doing. I'm ready to develop my School of Government for boys, and my goal was, it's not mine, it's God, but my goal was to start at eight years old. And Holy Spirit said, What's stopping you from starting with valor? Cuz you see him every day, and so you know what he does. He hand salutes me. And Matthias, I have never saluted valor, and so he just started today, so I cancel. He said, Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Now I don't know where he saw this from. Matthias, I can tell you, but Okay, since we got this most military thing going on, we just gonna work

Speaker 2  1:08:44
it. Yeah, yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:08:48
this is what I'm saying. Enjoy yourself. Practice with the kids. I want to practice. Tell me how I sound. They can go, daddy, you're funny, you know, they don't make fun of you, or I'm telling you, Matthias, have fun. Say, Dear, I'm getting ready to go public. I need to run it by you first, and just have her and the kids be the audience.

Matthias Miller  1:09:19
I don't even mind jumping in. It's like,

Unknown Speaker  1:09:22
here's the big thing.

Matthias Miller  1:09:25
It's the thing with the natural audience right now is Facebook Live,

Unknown Speaker  1:09:29
right? And

Matthias Miller  1:09:34
I mean, but the but I do my best when I'm with somebody and when I'm like, communicating with them, not when it's like a, you know, on a live people are coming and going,

Speaker 1  1:09:46
right? So pulling together some zoom groups, or asking them to join you on a zoom

Matthias Miller  1:09:53
How about Yeah, like, I mean, like, Okay, so my thought is, like, I don't know if it's somebody that I don't know if it's if it's Tim or Ian, or if it's. Somebody else. Or like, I didn't even mention this to Angelica because I wasn't even sure. But like, you know, or like, I don't know that it should be her, but like, or somebody just, I don't even know who, tell somebody else that we could, that could be there with me, and whether it's a dialog together.

Speaker 1  1:10:16
Okay, so who do you like talking to in the group? Who do you enjoy talking to, or who do you enjoy joining you? I think Ian would be perfect,

Unknown Speaker  1:10:29
because he's fearless, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:10:33
and okay, that's my first choice out of who I saw. But I don't know everybody, but what I'm saying is choose your three people and see who's available, and say, This is what I got in mind

Matthias Miller  1:10:48
when. And actually, Ian and I have been talking about doing something very similar, except doing it privately and recording it just as a way to generate kind of content ideas and different things like that.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:59
And

Matthias Miller  1:11:00
And instead, what we could do is have a shared, a shared document, and put ideas in beforehand. And I think he'd be pretty comfortable, especially if he knows I'm on and I can, I mean, if I've got somebody else, I don't mind filling time with. I mean, there's a lot of stuff buried in there that just needs to come out. Oh,

Speaker 1  1:11:25
yeah. And so that's powerful. Matthias, you got it? What was, did you write all this down?

Matthias Miller  1:11:32
I'm recording it. I need to go back and listen and just write it down more. But

Speaker 1  1:11:38
and start with Ian. And you can have your pick and choose of who you're having a conversation with,

Unknown Speaker  1:11:45
yeah

Unknown Speaker  1:11:47
and have fun,

Unknown Speaker  1:11:51
yeah

Speaker 1  1:11:54
and grow from it. Like what I mean, because I started a broadcast, and I'm absolutely wasn't going to do it alone. And every time I was on there, I had a guest,

Unknown Speaker  1:12:06
and it was off

Speaker 1  1:12:08
Matthias, because I had fun. They had fun, and the people were getting blessed. And I was like, Yeah, you know, and that's what, yeah. Definitely have that conversation. And you can switch off with the who you're having a conversation with. You know, you've got a team,

Unknown Speaker  1:12:38
so use them. There it is, and you don't know what will come out of it, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:12:48
And again, the key is, have fun. Yeah? Because you know what I love. Once you do it, it's done, yep. Go, okay, yeah. And then whatever you want to tweak, whatever you want to, you know, expand in or you never know Matthias, what this will do,

Unknown Speaker  1:13:13
yeah, yeah. I

Speaker 1  1:13:24
it's this kind of stuff that makes stuff that you can't imagine.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:30
Yeah, how do we know

Unknown Speaker  1:13:36
if we don't give birth?

Matthias Miller  1:13:39
Yeah? Well, totally. And this one's so simple. This one's so simple. I mean, it's just, like,

Unknown Speaker  1:13:50
it's just so simple.

Matthias Miller  1:13:56
But I think the question, the question, okay, here's another thing that's this is, like, kind of been a dream, and it was just like pushed to the side, and it kind of bubbled back up, but like,

Matthias Miller  1:14:14
there's life on it. I'm not sure what to do with it, okay, but, but one of the things that's hard with these projects that we have right now is is just the cash flow cycles, like it's it's not too bigger ticket, and it's a longer cash flow cycle. And it would be nice to have something to stabilize it.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:37
And so one of the things

Matthias Miller  1:14:40
that I've thought about in the past, that I just haven't Well, the timing just wasn't right, and I don't think I was equipped.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:49
And I just need to send the text here. Okay? Group.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:07
But is,

Matthias Miller  1:15:10
is getting together a group of kind of, you know, not kind of like Perry's roundtable, but you know, something like that, and a group of people who can, who can afford to spend money, to spend time with other people, who are, who are, who are successful, who are intentional about, about getting better and sharpening each other, and having something like that could be really, could be really beneficial, if in the cash flow. But then there's the question of, like, I don't know what it's actually going to take because, in my experience, well, maybe because I've overthought it and over engineered these things, I think part of that is true. I've had way too high expectations, and I'm like, if I don't, I don't bend over backwards and do do backflip backflips, front flips and somersaults and cartwheels, and I don't know what, like, we're not gonna they're not gonna get the value out of it. Then you realize that you don't have to over engineer these things for them to have incredible value to the right people. And like, I don't

Speaker 1  1:16:18
like and you and bears your answer. Matthias, you just answered it. And again, you will know what needed, because of all of your resources around you, human resource, yeah, and then those you know, like, I'm almost be honest. Matthias, I need you to get it out of your head. And I don't know what works, bestie, I don't know if we you know, audibly recording it or writing it, and then you bringing it, shaping it and molding it, because you're absolutely right. And so again, if you don't push the baby out, it's going to stay in the womb and die because it can't stay it has a limited amount of time, nine months. Yeah, any child that stays in that womb longer, that mother is going to be in horrific pain that baby. It, you know, telling what could go wrong. It has an appointed time to break

Speaker 2  1:17:28
forth. Yeah, and that first,

Speaker 1  1:17:32
when God gives you some it has an appointed time to break forth. Matthias, you can be running around with this baby for 25 I know I'm carrying this baby. No, you need to say, okay, in 20 days or 10 days or so, you need to put a time frame on that baby. In 15 days I'm gonna have this thing on paper, or I'm going to audibly talk about it, and then I'm going to run it by Ian, or I'm going to run it by this. I'm going to run it by who you who you feel you need to run by. I'm telling you, get busy. Matthias, yeah, it is life on it, because people need each other. Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:18:22
And you learn every time, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:18:29
So you, I mean, I love where you are right now, and you're, you're so fruitful. You remind me of a mother that's carrying a child and she can't sleep, she can't eat. You know, it's like, oh brother, I need to have this baby. Well, yes, you do, but guess what, until the appointed time is not coming. But guess what? She rests well. She eats, well, she exercises. You know, she's protective of her environment. Come on, Matthias, you got about five babies coming. You need to, you need to get ready for them. Babies. Get ready. Just get ready. And it's okay to have five babies.

Matthias Miller  1:19:15
So here's more processing, but especially with like, like, with past history, working with Ian and all of that, I think it's

Speaker 2  1:19:31
just the waters. Matthias, yeah, that's the water. If I

Speaker 1  1:19:37
don't it, let's say I'm washing my hands. I don't know what's hot and I don't know what's cold till I stick my hands in the water, right? Yeah, I could guess all day if it but until I put my hands in the water, you got it?

Speaker 2  1:19:53
Yeah, put your hands in the water. Yeah, yep.

Matthias Miller  1:19:59
And. With, yeah, that's, I think, I think one of the things for me is, like, it's there been so many of those voices of like, you need a plan. What's your time for that? How you gonna make it work?

Speaker 1  1:20:17
Yeah, give it to say no when it comes when it comes up on you. Matthias, I don't care what you're doing, get a pad and a pen and get busy. Yes, date it, time it, and then go back to what you were doing. Yeah, because it's interrupting, it's interrupting your flow, because it's a part of what's supposed to be, a part of you. When the kids come and they do stuff, you stop, okay, come here. Let me see what happened to your elbow. You go get a bandage or whatever, and then send them their wings and go back to what you were doing.

Speaker 2  1:20:55
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Same rhythm, yep, yep.

Matthias Miller  1:21:05
Let me just take a look over my so I've been, I've been keeping notes like you told me to, because I'm trying to be a good student.

Unknown Speaker  1:21:12
You better be quiz. You will be quick. You know, I'm telling you, Matthias, it is about extraction, you know, you got to get

Speaker 1  1:21:29
it out and keep, get to keep that picture of that baby being in there, and it will die, Matthias, because it can't stay in the womb.

Unknown Speaker  1:21:37
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. 100%

Speaker 1  1:21:49
Yeah. And this is what today was about, because you're pregnant, yeah. And, you know, in like, those last, the last trying to it's like, I'm going to sleep. I can't do it. Like I can't do it, you know? You thinking, No, it's not the time to go to sleep. Anom, like you said, when you're developing, you know? And you said, I just need a good nap. And then you wake up and you you're stronger, you're taller, you know, again, a couple of muscles like, Whoa, where did that come?

Unknown Speaker  1:22:26
Yeah, if you're developing, yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:35
So what's your what homework assignment did I give to you? I

Matthias Miller  1:22:39
still have Second Chronicles from last time, yeah,

Speaker 2  1:22:45
and making my notebook, yeah, with you and, and, I

Matthias Miller  1:22:55
mean, just getting this stuff out there,

Speaker 1  1:22:57
yeah, legitimate and illegitimate. Remember, that's

Speaker 2  1:23:01
it, yep, yep, yep.

Matthias Miller  1:23:06
And then getting in touch with Ian, getting those things started, yeah, and and then, and continuing, taking notes and just continuing to push this thing out.

Speaker 1  1:23:20
Yeah, push that baby out. You're getting ready to give birth. You better get yourself together,

Unknown Speaker  1:23:28
yeah, yeah. And

Matthias Miller  1:23:32
to combat some of these things that I was talking about,

Unknown Speaker  1:23:36
yeah.

Speaker 1  1:23:38
And so you got, this is what I love, Matthias, all of what you need, you have now, it's execution. And what I mean by execution, not in a not in that sense of pressure. I'm saying it's gotta be executed.

Speaker 2  1:23:53
Just gotta work it out. Gotta do it. Gotta do it. You gotta do it. That counter is,

Matthias Miller  1:24:03
here's another analogy for you. One of the things, one of the ways of describing what we do as a business is like creating the rails that that the train can run on, and all the trains got to do is just, I mean, somebody's got to push the train. I mean, move the train. Something's got to move the train along, but you can guide it and, like, that's kind of the core of the software that we do, but in the same way that's, I mean, like, that's exactly what you're saying. It's like, the rails are laid and I just gotta engage.

Speaker 1  1:24:32
That's it. Get the dog on train on the track, because what's the sense of land, I'm telling you, Matthias, what's the sense of land, the track. And then the train sitting there, you're like, what is it? Something wrong with the engine? What's going on, right? And then they go in and say, somebody didn't turn on the switch. Oh, would you please go in there and turn on the switch? Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:24:59
And let out the cloud. Much. I mean that run like that, but yeah, exactly.

Speaker 1  1:25:04
And keep that analogy in your head, yeah, because the trains aren't going to move without track. Matthias, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm looking forward to what's going to come out of this, because you your momentum. You see you have a rhythm, and you're discovering it, and keep discovering the dice. You have a rhythm. Keep discovering and be true to your rhythm.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:39
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:25:42
yeah, and I'm learning to trust it,

Unknown Speaker  1:25:44
which, yeah, it's your rhythm,

Unknown Speaker  1:25:47
yep, yep.

Matthias Miller  1:25:54
Not something you can write a book about and prescribe to a million people. Come

Speaker 1  1:26:02
on. Wow, this is what I'm saying. Matthias, yeah, and we keep it and we keep it simple. We keep it simple because if it's not my rhythm, I can't do it anyway. Yeah, I was utterly sound. But when it's my rhythm, yeah? And then

Matthias Miller  1:26:25
go ahead, I said, when it's your rhythm, you can't be stopped.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:29
Yeah, you can't be stopped. Think about what sport do you like? Matthias? What sport do you I

Matthias Miller  1:26:41
always enjoy basketball in school,

Speaker 1  1:26:43
okay, and so I was wondering who's one of your favorite players?

Matthias Miller  1:26:51
We had a we had a standing basketball joke. We assigned each other names, and she never was that much of a of a never followed it that much. But yeah, mine was mine was mine was Shaq and my friend was Kobe with the

Speaker 1  1:27:12
and Shaq had a rhythm. Kobe had a rhythm. Come on, Matthias, and you could tell when they was in their rhythm. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:27:22
And same, same in our game. I mean, we, we found a rhythm. My friend and I, we loved playing together. It was, it's awesome. We had like, these eight and a half foot rims so we can dunk on him, like this little almost street ball. But we had a blast. And we do alley oops with each other. And I, I had, I was sure footed. I could box people out and like, but that was my, that was my part of the game. And his game was the

Speaker 1  1:27:47
finesse. Ethan and I was this one, oh, this is what I'm saying. This

Speaker 2  1:27:56
is getting that rhythm. Yeah, yeah, yeah, wow,

Speaker 1  1:28:07
that's where we were getting to your rhythm, yeah, my rhythm. Yours. Nobody else,

Speaker 2  1:28:16
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow.

Speaker 1  1:28:24
All I hear is Amen and Amen, Amen and Amen. That's our response to God, because he has, he is showing you great and mighty things you didn't know. Matthias, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And stay in your rhythm. Don't let nobody pull you out.

Unknown Speaker  1:28:50
Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:28:56
And work with people who helped me find

Speaker 1  1:28:58
it exactly and when you when it when it's off, on your rhythm, no,

Matthias Miller  1:29:04
I'm serious. Well, it's such a disqualifier because, because if it's off of mine, it's not going to work for me, and it's not going to if it doesn't work for me, for me,

Speaker 1  1:29:14
it's not going to be good for them, it's not going to be good for them guys. And stay true to stay true. Stay true to that. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:29:22
yeah, that's powerful, yeah?

Speaker 1  1:29:25
Because I guess what you got the wrong train on the wrong track, man, there's gonna be some casualty.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:30
Yeah, yeah, there will, wow, wow.

Speaker 1  1:29:42
That's deep, yeah, that's God, it's the truth. And imagine how many people getting derailed because no one wrong train, wrong track. Like, what are you doing? Yeah, I.

Speaker 1  1:30:00
And that's going to isolate you and protect you from a whole lot of wasting your time.

Speaker 2  1:30:06
Yeah, you don't have time to waste. Nope. No, no.

Speaker 1  1:30:20
Wow, yeah, I'm excited. I really Yeah, me too, and you and you know what, and I want you to always remember when you're feeling on edge or uncomfortable or frustrated, something is disturbing your rhythm.

Speaker 2  1:30:41
Mm, and

Speaker 1  1:30:44
take a moment to see what it is. Did you not rest? Did you not eat? You know, is something like, is this something you need to give to God in prayer? Whatever it is, it could be your projects. It could be people, it could be your own stuff. Like, I'm just tired. I'm just gonna I'm just gonna rest. I'm gonna shut down.

Unknown Speaker  1:31:04
Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:31:13
The crazy thing in this whole thing is that I've never, never considered myself to be a person who falls in love with routine, but exactly what's happening like, and it's not falling in love with routine as much as much as falling in love with my rhythm.

Speaker 1  1:31:30
There it is. It's your rhythm, it's your rhythm, it's your rhythm, and it's good. You can put words to Matthias, because when we can't put our finger on it, it's not going to happen. So now that you know, like, Okay, this is, this is disturbing my rhythm, what's off, what's off, and you're pinpointed, yeah, and which is real life troubleshooting for yourself,

Unknown Speaker  1:31:56
yeah? Well,

Matthias Miller  1:31:57
it's not just, it's not just Yeah, it's not just finding it out afterward, but it's being able to predict, like, being slow to say yes, until I know that it fits into my rhythm. There

Unknown Speaker  1:32:09
you go. There you go. That's huge. That's huge.

Matthias Miller  1:32:13
Wow, wow. That's transformational, right there.

Speaker 1  1:32:17
Yeah, and what's beautiful with them, Matthias, but until you got to this day, you wouldn't have got this so you had to

Unknown Speaker  1:32:24
get to, yeah, yeah, wow, wow, yeah, that's That's huge. That's huge.

Speaker 1  1:32:38
That's huge. And watch what, the outcome will be, because it's going to bless you're going to bless yourself like man, you know. And imagine you being able to share that with others. And it's all about what you're learning, and now you can share, you know. And this is what all this is about. We're on the hot seat because we have something to give, and so it's got to be

Unknown Speaker  1:33:03
extracted, yep,

Unknown Speaker  1:33:07
yep, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:33:10
Fun story. Fun story. After I did the Colby certification, they had, they had an exercise where you try to get somebody else's Colby score. So I did it fit for my sister, which completely surprised me. I had no idea, no idea that about her, and and then spent, like, three hours on the phone just unpacking it for her and like, what this means and how to relate with other people, and how it might be impacting other people around her, and all this kind of stuff. And she took it and she ran with it, and it's been amazing to watch her get her rhythm. She just had a situation where Secretary there was a miscommunication. Somebody was was asking Joey about something. She's like, well, there wasn't any decision on it. Talked to the Secretary. Secretary was, oh yeah, I told her about it, and, oh yeah, I told you about it. And she said in the past she would have just like, well, maybe, maybe I just missed it, or maybe I just, I don't know what she just seems like, No, you didn't. You didn't tell me that hey and and, and she is in her rhythm. She's in her groove. She's not she's not bending. I need to plan, and it makes it harder. It honestly makes it harder for us to talk, because I'm my days. Well, I haven't been doing a good job putting it on our calendar, and she likes to schedule, and so I used to call her at random times, and she would just accommodate. And like, in some ways, it's kind of hard, but it's also kind of cool, because that's her rhythm, and she's she's training me how to relate with her and and like, and watching the change in her and like, how she's working with other people, how she's working through conflict and other types of stuff, is just absolutely crazy. So stuff

Speaker 1  1:34:43
is just absolutely crazy. So thanks. And that's powerful Matthias,

Speaker 2  1:34:50
that's what you do. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:34:57
and look at the difference that made an unlocked. Thank

Speaker 2  1:35:04
you. Yeah, huge difference, yeah, and so that's the fruit.

Speaker 1  1:35:14
Yeah, that's awesome. Yeah. And so get busy, in that sense, in your rhythm, sir, yeah, and watch everything that aligns up and blows your mind, and all of a sudden there's this transformation that that's real and that changes your life forever.

Unknown Speaker  1:35:38
Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:35:41
Cool. Well, I gotta, I gotta drop off. I'm meeting somebody here.

Unknown Speaker  1:35:44
Okay, so,

Matthias Miller  1:35:45
yeah, this is awesome,

Unknown Speaker  1:35:49
perfect. I'm excited. Blessing,

Speaker 2  1:35:53
thank you, and for you, you're welcome. We'll talk as we go.

Matthias Miller  1:35:58
Sounds good. Okay, thanks. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai