Matthias Miller  00:00
Hey, good evening.

Unknown Speaker  00:02
How are you?

Matthias Miller  00:04
I am a little tired after a long day, but it's been a good day,

Unknown Speaker  00:11
yeah, so you got to get some rest.

Matthias Miller  00:16
Yeah, that's the plan, wrapping up to head out. So what's the good news? Well, good news is I had a great conversation with Mindy today. Okay, and

Matthias Miller  00:39
so where do you go with that? Well, anyway, I don't know.

Matthias Miller  00:51
It was really good. It was helped clarify a bunch of bunch of stuff. Okay, where she's at communicate where I'm at. Resolve. Resolve, lack of communication, other things, all this stuff.

Unknown Speaker  01:07
Wow, that's

Matthias Miller  01:09
awesome. So she, I mean, she was very grateful for the conversation. Towards the end of the conversation. Well, okay, so,

Matthias Miller  01:28
help me

Matthias Miller  01:34
Jesus the All right, so a couple of conversations. One is, had it? Had an interesting conversation with Ian. No, I talked to I talked to you about the conversation with Ian. His thing is, in his mind, what we should be focusing on is lead flow for the business, okay? And, and one of the questions is, what are the things that you are doing now that somebody else could be doing that we could? He said, in my mind, we're spending all of this time on fulfillment, but you have what needs to happen in your head. Is there a way that we can actually bring he says, I think we have what we need within the team to go pull this off. Okay, so what, what would it look like? One of the, one of the questions was, what would it look like to use the team to go pull this off? Okay, now that's piece A, piece B, with that said earlier, he was like, by the way, I think it would be worth it just to find somebody who, who is good at making the phone ring and pay them what they what we need to pay them to to go do it. So I'm not exactly sure where to put those two pieces together. Okay, in my conversation with Mindy, I uh, one of the we were talking about a number for responsibilities, and then this is one of those things that was almost as on a whim.

Unknown Speaker  03:12
And like,

Matthias Miller  03:14
honestly, part of me doesn't know if this is just my if this is just a harebrained add thought, or whether this is actually, I mean, I actually think it's God, but, like, I raised the question of if she could be spending time on social media, interacting with people, and getting the phone to ring, and I would teach her how to or, well, Yeah, would she? Would she What would she think? And her eyes immediately lit up, really, and she said, I don't. I don't have any idea what it would take. Like I don't, I don't have a clue what I'm doing, but I would love that.

Speaker 1  03:55
She said she would love it. Yeah. Oh, wow, wow. So

Matthias Miller  04:12
I have and then okay, and so there's that. And I'm like, welcome to my life. Which is your life? Like, I really felt God's presence on it like this. I feel like we're supposed to go this route.

Speaker 1  04:30
Wow, go for it. What's the hold up? What's the hold up, sir,

Matthias Miller  04:36
I don't know the human thinking of like,

Speaker 1  04:40
I don't know, but that's been pressing on you. Why would you not know that's been pressing on you, sir, you've been playing around with Facebook for a minute. Yeah. Go for it. And

Matthias Miller  04:59
then immediately. As I thought of it, I thought of three specific trainings that like low ticket trainings for that she could be part of okay, that could help her accelerate with it,

Unknown Speaker  05:13
404,

Speaker 1  05:19
because you were trying to figure out what to do with them. Yeah, go for it. Listen, I don't know if the water is hot or cold until I put my toe in. Yeah, I can look at the water sounds. But if it's hot, I wonder if it's cold, but if I stick my elbow in there, or my thing, I'm like, Whoa, that's cold or Whoa, that's hot. Go for it. Matthias, yeah. And just you being so willing to open things up, heaven is at your at your disposal, sir. So get off the phone. You got to get you got to go home. Get off the phone and get some rest, and then just call me tomorrow. Text me and tell me what time is good if you know if that's good for you. Oh, and I had an excellent talk with Tim and Suzanne and their daughter kavanya. How would say her name, the baby,

Matthias Miller  06:23
I don't remember, honestly.

Speaker 1  06:25
Oh, okay, but it was good. Matthias, it was good. Yay. Yeah, so it was good. So let's talk tomorrow. Just get go home and get some rest.

Matthias Miller  06:40
Okay, well, I've got, I need to. I can talk on the dry, calm, if you've got, yeah, if, if I can, like, throw a few more things at you,

Speaker 1  06:50
yeah, and I'm about to eat an apple so you may hear me crunching. Okay,

Matthias Miller  06:55
I don't care. The least, I do the same thing to people.

Matthias Miller  07:07
So,

Matthias Miller  07:14
so I'm part of Melvin.

Unknown Speaker  07:16
Okay, go ahead. No, you go ahead.

Matthias Miller  07:19
Alright, so I'm part of Melvin's monthly monthly group that he does okay. And so he was talking today about your unique gift, and I sent you that thing over. Yeah. I talked to you about Yeah, and I know we've had conversations about this,

Matthias Miller  07:50
but I I don't know it just, I guess it's circling around. So this is this thing that's pushing, pushing on me, weighing on me. Okay? I was just reminded again with with who, who I am, how much pressure there is to turn this into something that has a strict plan, a system, a package, a fill in the blank, and packages are fine for everybody else on the team, but they're not fine for well, not for everybody else, but they're fine for The right person, but not for me,

Unknown Speaker  08:38
okay? And I don't know who on the team is good at packaging something Ian, okay,

Matthias Miller  08:53
so,

Matthias Miller  09:00
so my thought

Unknown Speaker  09:05
that you don't want, what is it you don't want?

Matthias Miller  09:20
Well, what I don't want is getting locked into a promise that I don't believe

Matthias Miller  09:34
that I can fulfill on or that meets their needs, and getting pushed into a pigeon hole. And I guess the thought was,

Matthias Miller  09:55
I have so many pieces I don't know how to extract this. I. I've thought of this idea of having a a like a five week 5k Coaching engagement, something that's short, that's simple, that's targeted, where we can we can extract some value and and get people some get get people some momentum moving forward, and probably through that process, because this is what I do, identify some root issues that are underlying what's going on that they're not even aware of solving that needs To be solved.

Speaker 1  10:40
Okay, so what would be the duration of the coaching?

Matthias Miller  10:45
I'm thinking like an hour a week, for five weeks just to dive in. Okay? And it's turning over, turning over rocks in the process. Okay, that's good. So what's the hold up? So there's still this internal thing of like, it has to be packaged. It has to be, I don't know, what

Speaker 1  11:10
can you do it? How about this? Matthias, can you do it on a case by case? Okay? Because first of all is the audience there that can bite that take a bite out of that apple. In other words, for example, I'll use the school of women. I don't have a particular type of woman that need to be a part of the school of women, but I do have to have particular types of women to part, to be a part of the team. And so my question is, do you have the audience that can do the 5k because you got to get to that point, and where are those people see what I Yeah. So let's start with first things. First. You got to get on Facebook. You got to find out where people are. Yeah, that's one portal you're going on the what is that again, the trade show is that, when is that? February? January? That's

Matthias Miller  12:16
the beginning of February. Oh, that raises a whole other set of questions, but we'll just leave that for now.

Speaker 1  12:24
Yeah, because you can, you can start working on that. Once you get this piece going up, the thing is, get on Facebook. Matthias, you got to get on there. Where are the 5k people? Do you know the 5k people?

Matthias Miller  12:43
Well, I know I'm probably friends with some of them, but honestly, like, I've been adding different people, and I haven't been as faithful in adding them as friends and getting connected with them, because everything else has been squeezing that time away and, yeah, fighting for it. And I don't know it's just

Speaker 1  13:08
that requires, yeah, it's okay, it's okay, but that's a goal,

Matthias Miller  13:17
but that's the goal.

Speaker 1  13:20
And guess what you you gotta you got a bird in hand with Mindy. If she's willing to get on Facebook, you better go for it. Matthias, I'm telling you, yeah, that's a start. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's a huge start

Matthias Miller  13:47
that's more than

Speaker 1  13:48
what we're doing now Sure, one of the things that you don't know what that's going to lead you to, which is awesome. Yeah, the sky is not the limit on that one. Yeah, what were you gonna say,

Matthias Miller  14:14
even on the trade show? One of the things I've wondered is, and I don't know if I can even do this. I don't even know if it's the right thing to do. But instead of flying in person down to trade show, they have a way to become a sponsor in the Facebook group, okay, of like, all of their paying clients,

Unknown Speaker  14:33
okay,

Matthias Miller  14:35
and and so, and I don't even know, like,

Speaker 1  14:39
would you rather do it that way? Is that the route you desire?

Speaker 1  14:48
You know what I think you need to do, what? Go to sleep? Yeah, go to sleep, sir, start all over. Tomorrow. Start over, yeah, let it go, put it on the side, put it put to rest, put it in the cabinet, and pull it out tomorrow. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You don't wake up fresh. And when you wake up and you give what God and you here. Get to write and don't try to fix it. Don't try to make sense of it, because it's all coming. It's all going to come out. Yeah, shut it down. Shut it down. Yeah. Because guess what? New mercies, new benefit tomorrow? Yeah, yeah, you probably used up all your mercy. And are you all your benefits? But today with you have no more mercy, Sir, you have no more benefits. Go to bed. My mommy say this all the time. Matthias, I would be cramming. My mama say, and I've just been, Oh, my guess. I just moaned from my Mother's Day. Listen, and she would trick me. Matthias, she'd say, take whatever I was working on, put it under your pillow. Go to sleep. When you wake up, you're going to know it. That was where my faith was. Matthias, I really believed that, but she was tricking me, telling me go to bed, shut it down, and then get up. So put it under your pillow, sir. When you wake up, it's gonna be crystal clear.

Matthias Miller  16:41
Yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  16:44
perfect, yeah, just let it go. Yeah, yeah,

Matthias Miller  16:51
yeah, good. That's easy.

Speaker 1  16:56
So laugh at the kids, laugh with your wife. Just, just, just let everything be hilarious. Just end the day with the greatest joy. Matthias, you don't wake up so fresh and anointed. And I say, Man, I need to go to bed laughing more often, and don't stay up late. Go to bed. Serious. Yeah, shut it down. Yeah. Otherwise, you're going to drag today into tomorrow. And that's not how it works. Tomorrow. Today is the first of December. Tomorrow is the second Matthias. Don't let the Nope, don't do it. And you're learning how to do that. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  17:40
it's true. You all

Speaker 1  17:42
right, you want to close this prayer, yes, absolutely, okay.

Matthias Miller  17:50
Well, fathers, thank you that again. I honestly sometimes have so few words except thank you. Thank You that You've got this thank You that You've got me on this journey. Thank you that, yeah, you you hold us. Thank you that these things do not catch you by surprise, that you know the answer, that you know the end from the beginning and and thank you to that you've you are assembling your people to accomplish what's on your heart to assemble. And so tonight we we throw away the checkbook against your mercy,

Matthias Miller  18:37
all your benefits, we've cashed in, and we'll wait for the renewal. And we will wait patiently.

Speaker 1  18:50
Morning, it is in Jesus name, amen. It's a new day, man, you got some new mercy in the morning. Okay? Yeah, alright. Love you, dear. Blessings on you and wife and the babies and just laugh. Matthias, just laugh. Just go to bed laughing. Just ask your wife, what did the kids do today? What? What did they do? That was hilarious. You know, look at you like, like, what you're like? What did they do? I didn't need to know about their day, kind of her day.

Matthias Miller  19:27
Got it, got it, got

Speaker 1  19:29
it. All right, brother. All right, that's nothing. You go home, you laugh, and then you go to sleep,

Matthias Miller  19:39
yep.

Unknown Speaker  19:40
All right, okay, got it? Okay? You're welcome. Good night. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai