Matthias Miller  00:00
Is, oh my goodness, where to start? I don't even know. Okay, let's start with this. Talking with my wife the other day at the dinner table, and she was like, so backstory. After a call, I went home and like, I had this thought my wife was having kind of a challenging day. I was like, Look, you need to get out. You go hang out a coffee shop or something, get out of the house. And on the drive, she was like, she's like, I'm crying. Why am I crying? Like this doesn't make sense why I'm crying. And she's like, you sending me out of the house made me feel so loved, and I realized that there's

Speaker 1  00:43
something. Matthias, you kidding? She said

Matthias Miller  00:47
there's something. I know there's something there that's different. What's different?

Unknown Speaker  00:52
Whoa, that's cool. I

Matthias Miller  00:57
just want to cry now. Like, yeah. Finally, Kingdom breaking in there. Like, that's so amazing.

Speaker 1  01:04
Yeah, that's God. That's God. So Thanks for

Matthias Miller  01:07
Thanks. Thanks to the lady with the shotgun.

Speaker 1  01:11
Hey, in your nose, brother, a double. Do you know Awesome? That is when it's not a discussion, Honey, get out of here. Get your coat and run, run, go, go eat. Young woman, go eat. You know, just get out of here. Matthias, and it didn't cost you anything. No, oh my god, that sensitivity. I love it. Yeah? And,

Matthias Miller  01:52
I mean, it's just been more and more of that like to walk in that and, like, so many times I'm like, Hey, everybody's driving me crazy. And it's just like, No, I have to, even in the crazy, I'm just gonna sit with God, with them, and like, yeah, learning to continually turn my heart back and, yeah, anyway, so like, It's good, it's good alignment. Lots to grow. But,

Speaker 1  02:22
yeah, Matthias, I love it. That's amazing. There's a lot of presence on that. Oh, my God. Oh my God. Because you know what I'll tell you about a woman, she'll die for everybody and nobody notices she's dying, you know, yeah and yeah, she'll die. She'll die. I mean, just look at the mother of Jesus. She was there until he took his last breath, he had to tell John, this is now your mother. She wasn't leaving Die Hard. I'm telling ride or die. Yeah, forever Matthias And when we're that sensitive, especially like Matthias, I have to be that sensitive to the Holy Ghost. I have to remember when we were at the truth and I said, oh my goodness, I see you guys, forgive me. But he was just invading, and I had to pray the Holy Ghost, because he was saying, I want you all to know me, you know, it wasn't about Vivian, it was about him, yeah, and he's so faithful, and he's so true, and he's so perfect, and, and that's women, Matthias, we're just going to be there, we're just going To get it done. We're just going to, you know, we're dying on the inside. Man, if I could have a walk right now? If I could, just because my, my great nephew is still here. Normally, his mom picks him up by 530 and so she's out, probably doing some quick errands. But this is what I'm saying, but yeah, we're gonna do and there's so much honor to place on women and and this, I'm not on a woman's soapbox, but I'm on your white soapbox because that was transforming for her heart. Matthias, that thing hit her so hard that she could exhale, and she needed to exhale at that moment, and she needed. She didn't need to say a word, but you needed to say run.

Speaker 1  05:09
You know, Run Forrest, run and forest just ran and ran and ran. We don't, we don't. We don't know what, how liberating, but we just knew he kept running, you know, yeah, yeah. There are things we just have to run. Matthias, I love it. So should we finish this call? Are we done?

Matthias Miller  05:31
Well, you said I was supposed to have one story a day, and it's been more than a day since we talked. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  05:40
So give me more. Give me more.

Matthias Miller  05:46
I had a dream. I've been in this coaching program this past week. Me enrolling in the next level, which normally would have been, it's one of those things. You don't just flippantly make that decision, because it's an investment, but I had a dream. I just had peace about it, like it's the right thing to do, but it's invite only. So it was like, Well, I mean, I wanted to reach out and be like, hey, it's like, what's up?

Unknown Speaker  06:17
And then

Matthias Miller  06:22
never felt right about reaching out. I like, I actually started writing the email. I was like, no, like, no, that's just not right. And then he reached out about about joining I was like, I love these sales calls because I'll take him. I mean, I don't, I don't, I don't mess with them. But like, as love, like, getting all the value I can out of it, but, but then, and then, yeah, and went ahead with it. And so that was, like, one of those things, which is confirmation, have a team member. The team member that I talked about that was back as hours, had a conversation with one of my other coaches today. What was somebody else that picked up on some of the some of the conflict, and had a conversation with one of the other guys, with another coach I working in for quite some while, quite a while. And he was like, Are you sure this guy's not this is really hard for me. I don't think he belongs in the team anymore, and there's a lot of processing with that. One of the things that I was really able to see is that software is like, like, I've run from software has been so hurtful for me that I've run from it for a long time. Okay, but really, but really, but I'm back and like, I'm back full steam. But really, one of the things that he's done is he's carried the baton of software to be able for me to come back to it. And I wouldn't. I really wouldn't have is to come back to if he hadn't. And one of the things that my my coach was challenging me with, he's like, I think you're making it harder than it is, because if, if he's not supposed to be here, if God's pulling him off somewhere else, then he might be feeling that pull, and he might be feeling this false sense of commitment or loyalty here that

Unknown Speaker  08:20
he wants to, but it's not

Matthias Miller  08:23
something's not the shoes not fitting right? And so I haven't had a chance to talk to him yet, but that was like one of those things that's really felt like a relief with it. First of all, of like working through some of my not being able to value him, and then also understanding the purpose and the seasons, and then also just the willingness to have that conversation. Of, like, Where Are you sensing that you should be right now? And and, like, just dialog and getting into dialog about that,

Speaker 1  08:58
yeah, yeah. And so my question is, what's the greatest fear

Matthias Miller  09:13
that he's going to try to overpower me and control me?

Unknown Speaker  09:16
What? How I like Todd say more about that.

Matthias Miller  09:29
I don't know why, and like this ties back to a conversation that that my sister had, my

Unknown Speaker  09:36
my sister

Matthias Miller  09:38
like, Okay, here's this is just another one of those crazy stories from my life. I took the Colby certification. I chose her as one of the those people to guess, guess their Colby score, and then I did an interpretation on her results. And like, we talked for like, three hours, and she asked me 1,000,001 question, because that's what she does. And like, it changed her life, and I was talking to her today. Say about the way that I just want to anyway, like, okay, so this is like bunny trail, but I'm supposed to say this. She and her and her boss, upline, she's in ministry, have had your conflict for quite some time and and there's a lot of people who do not get get along well with, with with her boss, and boss and his wife, but she's been able to understand how it is that they operate, and how she operates. And like, she's been on this healing journey of like, anyway, all of this stuff and like, I just had this word for her about, like, her playing a part in, like, reconciling them, that couple back to the church that they used to pastor. And it was, like, it was one of those things that was just kind of like, okay, this is kind of like, I don't think there's much to this. And I shared it, and as I shared it, like the whole weight of it came crashing in, and like, she's been experiencing crazy breakthrough with that.

Unknown Speaker  11:02
Wow. One of the,

Matthias Miller  11:03
one of the things that she said is that she's been so much, so much more assertive, and as she's, I don't even know if I can find words, and maybe if I speak it out, I'll like, kind of articulate it and pull it out, but like that, as she's been more assertive and like not letting, like trusting where the Holy Spirit's leading her, not apologizing for and trying to accommodate what the Holy Spirit isn't saying or doing. Yeah, the more that she's seen the accusing voices being shut down in the people that she's interacting with.

Unknown Speaker  11:37
I love it. And so, yeah, keep

Matthias Miller  11:42
talking. Well, I'm not sure, and so I'm not sure how to process all of that because, because I don't even know, I don't know how to answer. That was my very long answer to your question. I kind of lost myself in the rabbit trail. But, like,

Speaker 1  12:00
No, I guess. But you know what Matthias? What friction brings forth the next thing? Friction is a part of birthing. Would you agree? Yeah, yeah, lighting brings forth the new thing when you solder two pieces of metal, sparks fly everywhere, right? Yeah, and without sparks, there is no soldering. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Write that down. Write that down. Without sparks, you can't bring a thing together, sir, cuz you're bringing two completely entities, different entities together. There will always spark are part of the process of growth. You're saying, how does the youngest child?

Matthias Miller  13:05
Youngest is one

Speaker 1  13:07
year old, okay, and still cutting teeth, right? Still cutting teeth. One so what? How does that look? There's boo booing all over the place. There's crying, there's frustration, correct? Yep, getting

Matthias Miller  13:25
not sleeping. Well, all those things,

Speaker 1  13:29
the whole kit and caboodle, growth is the identical, same thing. Matthias, wow.

Matthias Miller  13:38
And so here, while I've been taking the the fresh, the tension, personally, well, I mean, and it's been clear to me, like, there's a birthing process I need to go through. But like, for him, he's in the middle of this birthing process. What I think, Wow. I think, wow. Like, like, I feel like there's Wow.

Speaker 1  13:58
Yeah, yeah, wow.

Matthias Miller  14:02
But like, there's this, there's this destiny and ministry call in his life that God is birthing right now. And like, there's this frustration, like, I really wow, and that's where the frustration is because, because there's this shifting, and there's this turning, and there's this Where do I belong and which side's right side up for him as well?

Speaker 1  14:25
Yes. Like, is this the way I sleep? Or do I sleep that way? Do I sleep upside down? Or do I just sleep with my head hanging off the bed? Do I put one leg up and one leg come on? Can somebody

Matthias Miller  14:37
throw me my Passy and when I bite it, it hurts, I don't want it anymore, and I throw it across the room like, it's like, it's

Speaker 1  14:46
like, because I'm in pain from my head to my toes, this thing is growing out of my brain. Yeah, teeth grow from our skull. That's gotta be the most painful thing. The world. Thank God we do it in our early stages of development, because we would be another we probably shoot up the town. If we develop teeth in our latter years, if we cut teeth in our 20s and 30s, we would kill everybody. Wow. Yeah, there are some things Matthias that have to happen in the embryonic stages of life. Imagine the pain of growing an arm. Thank God we don't experience pain that Mama feels all the pain so this baby's in there, kicking, elbowing, nodding, sucking his thumb, giving mama the left foot of fellowship, the right foot of fellowship, because it's growing. And she's like screaming at the world, I can't take it anymore. My body can't stretch anymore. But the baby is saying, Yes you can, yes you can.

Matthias Miller  16:01
Oh, goodness, this is so like, and the baby takes over. And like, this is what it's like. This is literally what it's like. Like, I'm getting dragged along kicking and screaming, like, you got to do this, and like, it's demanding it. And if I don't do it, it's gonna, but if I do, it's gonna, if I do, it's gonna hurt, and if I don't, it's gonna hurt worse. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  16:21
you better know it. You better know go ahead and if it doesn't hurt

Matthias Miller  16:30
worse, because of natural consequences, it hurts worse from the bullet, from the lady's gun, the

Speaker 1  16:39
lady with the double barrel, brother, you're in trouble either the gone? My friend, wow. Yeah. Matthias, this is this is gross. Think about the labor of the ant getting the house ready for the winter. Does everybody have an need? Is there room in our Cove for everyone? Where's the baby? Get the baby. The baby's wandering off. Get the baby over here. Imagine Matthias, imagine God overseeing this change of season with the pandemic running rampant, and people still aren't wearing masks and still aren't sneezing in their elbow, and still, yeah, Matthias, imagine, you know, and God knows how much we can bear. So he gives me one. Matthias, he doesn't give me too. Hilarious. Oh yeah, yeah, oh yeah. And so Matthias, thank God we don't have two of these and three of those. Okay, yeah, thank God there's only one. And this one, you and I, we going to do this. Jesus, you see what I'm saying. Matthias, call on your help. Help me, Lord. Yeah, in prayer. Give me the words to say, give me the ears to listen, give me the heart to discern. He said, Ask. And he said, while you're yet speaking, I've already answered you, yeah, we're not doing this by ourselves, and that's why God has great expectation, because it's him doing it all along, it's Not us. Matthias, we're yielding, yielding, we're surrendering. We're submitting. Yeah, so now, what are you about that?

Matthias Miller  18:56
Why this is why I've got recordings, because he starts talking to me, and then I'm like, I know there's more. Gotta hear what you said, but my he talks multiple channels, listen multiple panels. There's been this little thing that's been on my heart for like, one of our clients that I need to follow up on. I was like, You need to get some of the preliminaries done so that that we can get that project rolling, because he's and anyway, and, and there's reason for that. And, like, but like, okay, so like, here's, sorry, my brain is just jumping to all the practicals. Like, this is like, and I want to apologize, but I'm realizing too at the same time, this is, like, the phase of journey that I meant is like, I spent so much time in the abstract of like, what, what do these concepts look like? And like, yeah, there's a lot of like, okay, this is what it looks like to walk it out. Um. I woke up at 2am this morning, couldn't sleep, Wide, wide, wide awake, and been in on my heart to hire an assistant, executive assistant, and I've been working on the job description and stuff. I took it live, and there's kind of this, like, fear of, like, it's that whole planting seeds, and then, like, not knowing, like, Okay, I want to, like, Is it is it taking root yet? Is it taking root yet? Is it taking root yet? Is it taking root yet?

Speaker 1  20:41
So here's the thing, Messiah. I want to say this. I want to interject because if you planted the seed brother, I promise you, it's taking room, guaranteed when we plant the Word of God says, one of us plants, someone else water, and he gives me increase, yeah, yeah, yeah, you got, yeah, you gotta plant it so it can get water, no seed. What's the point of water if there's no seed planted? Yeah, and you're a planter, you're a planter Matthias, you you're a foundation layer. You're the one on the bottom building so that something can be erected, sir. Yeah, so for sure it's going to blossom, for sure it's going to bloom, for sure it's going to take root, because God would not have you planting in vain ever.

Matthias Miller  21:49
And I think that's one of these, one of those, like, I mean, it's the whole detox of like religiosity is, or like the, whatever you want to call it is like, or empty religion is like, I profess his name, and so therefore what I do should prosper. But it's not that. It's I follow his voice. I walk where he leads. I walk in obedience. And because of that, I prosper because he's he stands by by his word that he speaks. And there's just, like, another layer, I think some of that self doubt that's crept in, wow, this is really, that's really big, too. A lot of the self doubt has been built in comes from that, like, it's from, like, that years of conditioning that, yes, sir, I don't know his voice, but I'm going to take a try, but it ends up being, being an Ishmael, and Ishmael doesn't look like what I wanted to Yeah, and we're done with, we're done, we're done with Ishmael. Ishmael is gone.

Speaker 1  22:55
You got it. You got it. You got to get rid of Ishmael. Get rid of them. Die. Die to those thoughts, wow. Die to those thoughts. Matthias, hold on, this is Valerie's mom. I'm gonna let her know I'm bringing them down. Okay, yeah, totally cool. Okay, put it on pause for one Second. Okay, yeah,

Matthias Miller  23:20
for sure, get it. Yeah.

Speaker 1  23:58
Thanks, brother, she's about 15 minutes away. So we're good, okay, cool.

Matthias Miller  24:07
So that's huge, and there's a lot of this, wow. Okay, so, like, that's applied to the I'm just gonna

Speaker 1  24:19
everything, yeah, get rid of Ishmael. Wherever Ishmael manifested His himself, get rid of him. That's just the flesh, and we know that.

Matthias Miller  24:29
And the the word that, the, the word that, the, wow, whoa, this is cool. I mean, the word that the world uses is scarcity. But what, what is scarcity? Scarcity is, is a work of the flesh. It is. And like even in the even if you want to take that secular language, scarcity is Abraham looking at the promise and saying, Well, life could never be that good. I'm going to figure out how to make it work with what little I have.

Unknown Speaker  24:58
I'm. Oh, and that's what we do, and

Matthias Miller  25:05
that's what we do, but the but, but what they will never do, what the what the world can never do, is actually take it down to its root and say that it's actually not about, just about scarcity. It's about it's about walking in the Spirit, not not in the flesh,

Speaker 1  25:19
not in the flesh, because the the flesh is vanity. It's vanity. Matthias, there is no good thing in it. Oh, god yes, we're here. He's done with that. He's like, you've gotta be transformed. Your mind's got to be renewed. You know, even though we were born in sin and shaking iniquity, he said, I get it, and yes, I regret that all of us you've experienced, I guess, but you got to denounce it, not giving you the way to do it. I've given you the ability, the capacity I've given you, the anointing I've given you, the word to shut flush down with the with the Word of God. Wow. And then how about this? The carnal mind is enmity to God. Matthias, it's not the friend of God if you walk in the Spirit.

Matthias Miller  26:26
Wow, wow, wow. Which means that, which means that this is where I've gotten hung up, is that when you are not walking, when you are walking with people who profess Christ, but are immature, and you're walking in the carnal mind, you end up with this, like, there's, I mean, you end up with conflict. It's enmity, it's oh yeah, because it doesn't resonate, doesn't make sense, you're

Speaker 1  26:54
on the wrong team. Yeah, flesh. You're not a son of God. It's you, it's Matthias, it's Vivian, if we don't, if we don't walk in the Spirit, we're not his. Matthias, he's not Lord, He's not masked, he's not King, because I know more than he does.

Matthias Miller  27:18
Yeah, exactly, exactly.

Speaker 1  27:20
If I trusted him, Matthias, I would say, Yes, Lord, that's how we're going to do it. He's looking in the earth to and fro for obedience, not advice. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  27:35
yeah, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, and yes.

Speaker 1  27:39
And he's just reminding you, you know this, but guess what? We've had the letter of the law, but now we gotta walk,

Speaker 1  27:54
because we can't do both. We can't do both Matthias, there's not room for both. There is no place for the flesh in God, wow. Flesh has to bow every time. Matthias, there's only one king here, and it's not me, yep.

Unknown Speaker  28:21
So what are your thoughts?

Matthias Miller  28:22
So not sure what, what this thread is tied to, but I've had this crazy experience in one of the Facebook groups that I was told has somebody else told me later, it's just a bunch of not any good prospects. I posted a question just because it was on my mind. It just popped in my head. Posted a question, got another over 100 comments on it, or it started with 77 then I went back and commented on almost all of them and asked more questions. And kept the kept the conversation going, and have added a ton of friends. It's been really early in this organic marketing stuff, but definitely a very successful post. But the crazy thing is, the answers that were on that, you know, my first thought was like, I'll just do this because to start some engagement, get some conversation, and maybe pull out some of the ideal clients. The crazy thing was it, it was about hiring, hiring a secretary, office manager, executive assistant, that type of thing. And the comments were things I needed to hear and and with that, I've now been able to, I think here's the piece I like to kind of take a magnifying glass to, because part of the challenge has been, I'm adding, here it is. It's the it's the meshing of structure with spirit. And it's like, here. Are the people that I've connected with and I've added as friends with this, but at each step of the journey, all right, so, so like, like, I'm breaking down how this works, I guess. But like, I do this post, tons of people respond. I start going through one by one, and I give, I give a anything but a like, a heart emoji or something besides, just besides like, because Facebook likes that. And then I then I reply, and I asked him a question, and I request friend request him, and keep the conversation going. And and before the challenge was that I was approaching it as, when I was struggling with it, I was approaching it as, here's a step by step of what I need to walk through, and here's what I need to do. And when I was doing that, I was always hitting a wall of like, what do I actually say? Like, what will I say? How do I actually engage this conversation? Same thing once I actually friend requested them, just to start up a conversation with them, and just conversation with them and just talk with them like they're people, because they are, like the same kind of challenge. But I've never seen that there's this ability to, I don't know that it's 100% systematic, but there's this, this almost like systematic thing, where I can go through and when I'm in that right heart space, it's just like, what is the thing I should be asking them about? What is the like, what's the conversation? What's the conversation starter? Like, what's important to them? Like, all of those types of things. And I think part of where the magnifying glass that is like, is on that switch from the before. And here's the steps to follow, and here's the recipe to the after, where there's like, I don't know what it how to describe it, just a switch. And thinking between, between that and like, well, here is, yes, there's this list of people that I'm going to engage with, or whatever, but there's a completely different heart posture with it that allows me to be sensitive and open to what God's doing.

Speaker 1  32:09
Yeah, because what you've done is you've made a way for God Matthias, you've you're actually a door. He's utilizing you as a door. You're a door, and the Word of God talks about that be you lifted up you everlasting door, so that the King of Glory can come in. Wow, yeah, wow. You as his door on that Social Media Institute, sir, and he's put something in your hand, that practical thing, Matthias, and they, too, must be one, the practical and the spirit. They've gotta be one. They've gotta be mashed into one. And that's the thing about Jesus. He was 100% man and 100% and we're no different, yeah. And so your walkthrough of becoming that son with that capacity and that availability. Okay, go ahead. What were you going to share?

Matthias Miller  33:26
No, like, Yeah, I'm just, like, processing that, I guess, and just trying to find words, because it's like, it's like, when I walk up to it's like me walking up to somebody, and I don't even know how to, how to, how to break this down. It's just like, Yeah, I mean, I get it. I get it. I feel like there's more to like, maybe this is something I don't know. You know,

Speaker 1  33:54
go ahead, share. No, you share, then I'm going to share. I won't forget, yeah, like

Matthias Miller  33:59
there's, like, there's, like there's, I feel like there's more deepening to my understanding of what that exactly looks like, or even for me to understand that, because it feels like it's building the bridge between the, okay, I have to go here and I have to bring God, which, that's totally a false, I mean, a misfounded concept to I am a door, and Only this door can move, so this door can set itself down in front of somebody else who needs to go through the door, or who needs to have a conversation through the door, whatever, whatever that whatever the right way is to say that,

Speaker 1  34:31
come on. Come on. Because guess what. What? Where can you enter without a door? Yeah, tell me. Matthias, what exists without a door? Yeah, nothing. Yeah. As a matter of fact, he said, I'm knocking. I'm at the door knocking. Oh yeah. Matthias, you. First you gotta get in your door before you get somebody else. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah. Jesus totally surrender in order for us to enter. Did he not say, I am the door? And then he calls us doors. And then he talks about, I'm knocking. So guess what? Every single one of us are doors. Matthias, we're either a door to good or a door to evil. Matthias, there's no other door, just those two, no gray.

Speaker 1  35:46
And so what door ought we be except a door to Him with all our gifts, all our talents, all our skills, all of our ability, all of our love, all of our heart, all of our joy, all of our peace, all of our wisdom, all all of what we are, use it, God, use all of what I am to be a door to those Who need to enter in. Isn't that powerful? Yeah, that's simple Matthias, you are a door and you're obeying and you're surrendering and you're walking and you're obeying and you're surrendering. And if what it reminded me of, what I wanted to share was, how many times when Jesus walked Earth, did he say? Who touched me? Yeah, was he on his way somewhere? And here's somebody, you know, Messiah, or Jesus, or son of God, or son of man, have mercy on me, or son of David, and he was that was not the plan Matthias, yeah, it was like, I'm on my way where I'm supposed to be going. And then found all of these bridges led to miracles and signs and wonders and and amazing things that had he not been about his business, Matthias, none of these things would have happened. Had he not said, Okay, God, you're sending me here, and you're sending me there. And had he said, I don't know if I want to go. And, you know, I mean, I'm sure he had a fit. You know, his mom is like, I really want to at the wedding. And he's thinking, why? I don't even know these people, how many times,

Speaker 1  37:55
but it was necessary, yeah, see, these experiences that you're having

Matthias Miller  38:07
are necessary Well, I think. And there's something that happened with Jesus, once people figured out that he was the door, and that's where people I mean, so that's an aspect of favor. But like, as he's going around, I mean, as he's going about, he is the door. People discover the door. People access the door, and he's like, like, and that's where it's like, Who touched me?

Speaker 1  38:37
Yeah, they answered. They responded. Matthias, yeah, everybody doesn't, but there's one will come on. Matthias, wow, oh, you gotta go through the minutia of Facebook. Somebody's going to touch you. Yeah? Yeah.

Speaker 1  39:09
He did his best work on 101 Matthias, he did his best work. Uh.

Speaker 1  39:27
Oh yeah, you know where we think we need lights, camera and action. Gotta say, turn the lights off, shut down the camera and go to Samaria. Yeah. Yeah,

Speaker 1  39:46
oh, yeah, you're on track, and it's not the track that everybody's on. No, because people aren't listening. They're doing. On what they want to do. And that's the challenge in the earth right now. Where will God find agreement? Yeah, where can we go with somebody telling them how to do it? Yeah, and that's what surrender does. It says to God, you know, and I don't, because think about this Peter, the crazy storm that manifested itself. But Jesus understood, I command the storm. You three or four, don't fail. Matthias, he didn't run out the boat. God, what do you mean? A storm is here? No, he said, Hold up. I run this the authority He's given us, Matthias.

Speaker 1  40:54
Matthias, we don't have to succumb to our environment. Yeah, we don't have to succumb to elements. And people are elements. There is much an element as anything else we face in the earth. They're just an element, sir, that we can speak. Let's say, Be still and close your mouth. I don't receive that. Wow.

Matthias Miller  41:22
Yes. Yeah,

Speaker 1  41:32
that's the authority you're walking in for. That's why there's a lady behind you with a double barrel shotgun. If you turn around, this bad boy is in your nose, both of your nostrils off your face, and you're like, No, I got I gotta go forth. I gotta go forth because there is nothing behind me except a lie Matthias, the truth is in front of me. It's not behind me. Yeah, yeah. So there's no turning back, yeah. And he's always leading us forward, yeah. And he said, I take no pleasure in the Oh, you want to make our net turn back.

Unknown Speaker  42:27
He takes no place in those that draw back.

Matthias Miller  42:42
Well,

Speaker 1  42:45
so you're out here in the deep because your father is in the deep, not because you you made some crazy decisions. No, your dad led you into the deep because that's where the harvest is. Matthias. It's not in the shallow.

Unknown Speaker  43:10
You might have to walk on water, sir, wow.

Speaker 1  43:20
Wow. And you're the man for the job. Always remember that, okay, your father has hand picked you, handmade you, hand designed you. You're his handiwork. Matthias let them use you. Do what you will, father, send me where you want to send me. Posture me where you desire to posture me. Put me in the past. Man, this social media thing, God is so putting you in the past. You're the bait brother, and then he's going to switch up on them. You know what I'm saying? It's called bait and switch. Matthias, yeah, and you've been obedient, yeah, the harvest has to come, sir. When those disciples slit that net. Guess what? If there was not one fish over there that heard the verse, the voice of God,

Speaker 1  44:32
somebody could have assessed those ones that there's no I mean, the the disciples that I said, Man, we've been there all night. You. Nothing. Called nothing. But when they obeyed His voice, they called so many they didn't have room.

Matthias Miller  44:57
So this whole thing, this is. Interesting. Taking it back to the practical I spent, I don't know what, 15 years of my life, 10 to 15 years of my life, working for this company where I had no future and no anything, but I was working on the very thing that we're building on top of today and and that's exactly what it was. It's like this. We didn't, we didn't recognize that. It was God moving us. But it was this idea of, well, what if we did, what if we took this and what if we took it over, instead of in the financial industry? What if we took it over to this other industry, these other industries, and and that was like, that was throwing the net over on the other side. But we were all like, still hanging around the same, the same part of the water,

Speaker 1  45:46
uh huh, same body of water. They were still in the same body of water. Matthias, so what? What's the difference for the left side of the boat and the right side. This to me, fish swim everywhere. They're all over the but no, he had already commanded the fish. I need you on the left side, yeah, oh

Speaker 1  46:16
yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah. You're in the center of the will of God, sir. So quit playing, quit playing Matthias, you. You're in the center of the will of God. And what I love about God is, when we're in the center of the will, we can't always see the world because we're right in the middle of it. Yeah, right. We can't see it all. We don't have peripheral vision, as he does, and so all I can see is what's in front of me, what's to the left of me, what's to the right. But no, I can't, I can't, I can't see the panoramic view, because God is right there directing me. So it's as if I do see the panoramic view, because He's instructing me. Matthias, when I stand and you saw it with your own eyes. I don't have any props. I have Holy Ghost, yep. And he handled the business. Yeah, there's nothing like him. None like him. Matthias, you have it all when you have him. Matthias, you're not lacking anything. And that's what this conversation is about. You lack nothing. He said, no good thing in Psalm 84 Matthias will he uphold from those who walk abundance? It's whatever's going to work. He's going to make sure we got it. Matthias, and it's not going to be conventional, sir. There's nothing conventional about God.

Matthias Miller  48:13
He takes no no pleasure in those to shrink. You shrink back. He turned back.

Speaker 1  48:17
No. He takes no pleasure, sir. You and we could even stand on that premise father, because I want to let me tell you something. I wonder how many times Jesus wanted to turn back? Oh, my, that's the question for him. When I get there, how many times? And he'll probably say every day. Matthias, because, guess what? He wasn't turning back from the will of God, because he was the will of God, but he was he wanted to turn back from that particular command. You see what I'm saying? Matthias, yeah, even to the point of how long do I have to be with these knuckleheads?

Speaker 1  49:09
He was human. He was human. Matthias, and so we're going to have human responses. But it doesn't mean I don't obey. I could get angry, but just don't. Sin didn't. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  49:27
yeah, yeah. I mean, if he, if he wouldn't, if it wouldn't have been like that for him, he wouldn't have had to set his face like a sled.

Speaker 1  49:35
No, he would not. It was rough. It was rough. It was rough Matthias, to the degree he needs to pray. Matthias, it's going to get rough. We're going to have to pray. We're going to. Have to believe God. And then here's the beauty of it. He modeled that he didn't know everything. Well. If he knew everything, Matthias, why would he say, Who touched me? Why would he have a fit when his mom said, Go to him and tell him, you know, why would he say? Why y'all, why she send you over here?

Speaker 1  50:32
He didn't know everything, and just like us, we're not going to know everything. But you know what? He knew? He knew his father's voice. Yeah, when he didn't know anything else, he knew his dad's voice, and that's all we need to know. Matthias, and guess what? We spend however, however long in our life knowing his voice, because otherwise the stranger is going to trick us. The stranger is going to hoodwink us. Bamboozer to do some you see what I'm saying? We're not to be seduced by culture or anything else the enemy think he's going to utilize to trick us and get us off track. We're not, we're not surrendering to Him. We surrender to God. We don't surrender to the end.

Matthias Miller  51:28
It's by practice. It's by practice, whatever it is, developing the ability to discern and and like every time, every time we listen, and every time we say, yes, it's, it's like, every time you listen, it's like keeping a knife sharp. Every time you say yes and you obey, it's like, it's another it's like swiping the knife on the on the sharpening stone, or,

Speaker 1  51:53
yeah, yeah, exactly. Well, wow.

Speaker 1  52:10
And what I love Matthias, we actually are in training. Yeah, we don't have it all, but if I'm willing to do this, then I'm being positioned to do that. Whatever the infamous that is, you see what I'm saying. I had to believe that that I was hearing God. The first time I opened my mouth, Matthias says anything to anybody I had seen I'm hearing, God, you hear me, I had to take that first step, and that first step led to the next step, led to the next step, but there was no next step if I didn't take the first point. There was no next step. There was no next step. And so there is no fruit without planting the seed. Yeah, as long as time remains, there will be seed. And I see time and Irish time. So we're alive, and we better be planting Matthias. We better be planting seeds.

Matthias Miller  53:31
Wow.

Unknown Speaker  53:34
So what are your thoughts?

Matthias Miller  53:39
This is another one of those where

Matthias Miller  53:46
tons of practical stuff during the call and tons of like, I feel the shift, also the follow up, where I know I need to go back. I know I need to go back because I know there's more. Oh yeah, I don't really have, I don't know that. I have a whole lot. I think, I think just one of those big things is really normalizing that shift from like I am, like my father, when I when I go headlong into, not new for the sake of new but headlong into, into what he's leading into, yeah, and, and that's, that's, I don't know. This is his pride and joy.

Speaker 1  54:35
First thing remember Matthias, I'm a door to take you further. Yeah, yes, that's all I am. Thank you in the direction that your father would have you to go. I'm just a miracle. And so you should desire to write, and you should desire to sit with. It, and we do record it for that.

Matthias Miller  55:07
Yeah, very true, very true. You plant, and that's one of the ways that

Speaker 1  55:12
water. And so we're, again, it's got

Matthias Miller  55:27
good well, I promised my wife I pick up a few things before I head home. Okay, is there any is there anything else that

Speaker 1  55:41
you know what? Matthias, here's the thing, if, if anything, you are listening to and all you, all I want you to do is text me and say, Viv, was there more to this? You know what I'm saying? Yes, yes. You always, you always have that liberty. Always, yeah, always, okay. As you listen, listen and you say, I need, I need to hear more on that. You always, you always have that liberty. Always,

Matthias Miller  56:16
yeah, cool. I'll do that. I probably don't. Yeah,

Speaker 1  56:23
and blessings on all that you do and you've entered in, continue to walk. Thank you. No looking back, nope. Okay. Love you. Bless you guys.

Matthias Miller  56:36
Hey, thanks. Thanks so much. Appreciate it.

Speaker 1  56:39
Welcome. Okay, bye, bye, yep.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai