Unknown Speaker  00:00
Wonderful. How are you?

Matthias Miller  00:02
I am wonderful as well. Yeah,

Speaker 1  00:06
so give me some updates. What about that book

Matthias Miller  00:12
that's been really good, so I was actually at a conference, probably about 10 years ago, and a lot of the material is pretty familiar from there, but it was really good to like just as an example, yesterday morning, waking up. There's just definitely some, well, there was some stuff that's going on. There's, there's a family in our their church, that has some challenging situations at play, and but it's definitely shifted from just challenging situations to it really feels like a spirit of heaviness that's come upon them anyway. And so I just turned to that chapter I was reading through it, and I was just struck this doesn't have to be like this at all. And so that changed things for myself. And then we have, we have a kind of a sharing time during church, my wife leaned over and she's like, I think we need to pray for these people. I was like, Yeah, I think you're right. And so we got the church, church body gathered around and prayed for them. I got to pray over them. And one of the ladies after we shared something very similar to that, very similar to to them about that, about the joy of the Lord being their strength, and but then, okay, so just all that to say that's that's been, that's been helpful, excellent. I think naming, naming, especially, just kind of, yeah. The other thing too, that was cool. Was kind of cool, one of those head scratcher moments, like afterward. The pastor was like, well, we kind of happens at Sunday School discussion time after the after the message. And he was like, Well, I think we should be, you know, spend some more time in, like, prayer and ministry and that kind of thing. Kind of asked the moderator to leave out with that. THE MODERATOR tried, and people weren't responsive. And he had something she felt I was like, I'm tired. And so I shared something kind of connected to that. And, you know, and then, but, but, but then I just kind of sat back and I just watched it. I guess they kind of saw that it was just different. I guess before

Speaker 1  02:50
next beautiful Matthias, yeah, it's groundbreaking. When, when the broken. We're talking about fallow ground. We're talking about ground that's parched Matthias. It is going to take more than one drop of rain. Brother, that's true. And when we know that, we drop it and we leave it, we drop it, it's not our responsibility to grow it. It's not we don't give increase.

Matthias Miller  03:21
Yeah, and you know what, when there's when there's fallow ground, you actually need some some roots to spring up, or too much rain ends up in a mudslide,

Speaker 1  03:31
yeah, it'll drown it. It'll drown the sea. So the blessing is the healthy balance Matthias and Holy Spirit. Know what that healthy balance is? Again, that's another mystery we have no idea right now. Matthias, I'm seeing fruit where seed was planted a decade or two ago. Matthias, when? When did Moses sprout out and be the deliverer? How long did it take for him to actually go to Pharaoh and to let my people go?

Matthias Miller  04:12
He was about 80 or so, 80 years.

Speaker 1  04:18
80 years. Yeah, yeah, and that's real. Think about the development of the seed of Christ being planted in Mary's womb by Holy Spirit that sprouted forth nine months later. However, he didn't walk as Messiah until he was 30. Yeah, so this instantaneous stuff is not of God. I mean, a miracle, yeah, bat your eye and boom. The thing is, there. However, there are real problems. Processes. We don't. We don't get an entire year until 12 months have gone by. We don't get an entire month until 3031, 2829 days have passed by. Matthias, so this instance stuff, it is a miracle, but we don't that's not how we live our lives. We don't live our lives one miracle after another. We live our lives in process and development so that we are so clear on what's happening. Yeah, sensation. Sensation is real when a seed has been planted, and that's why long suffering is one of the characteristics of the fruit of the Spirit. Yeah, yeah, that's real, and we tend to I just did a broadcast, and the goal was not necessarily to talk about long suffering. It was basically talking about redemption and love, and that redemption took 42 generations before Jesus got here. That's a long time Matthias And so where that, where that put it in the microwave generation, and we can't deny it. And when we put it in the microwave, it began to shift our paradigm. We think all we can make a mill in three minutes. No, you can't. Now, what we've created is chemicals in our bodies now, where you have more people dying from cancer and other illnesses that men don't even know the name of. So, yeah, we made a meal in three minutes, but it's costing some of us our lives. Yes, yeah, wow, yeah. This is real. This is real. And so God cycles are real. Matthias real. We don't get winter, spring, summer and fall. Now, in Chicago, we get all four seasons in certain time of the year. But that's not our norm. That's not our norm. That's not the normal cycle of God. Yeah. And so he's bringing things back into order. And each one of us, personally, Matthias Holy Spirit rides me about certain things. He's like, nope, nope, nope, nope, no shortcuts. And I'm like, exhausted, like, Lord, but that would get me there something, take the long route, and then I take the long route Matthias, and then I turn on my news, and seven people were shot down this thing. It's real, yeah. And so our need for an instant, whatever is, oftentimes, some type of anxiety that has resided in us or is hiding in us, and it's time to denounce that. No, there is a process. In the beginning, the lesser light was the night and the greater light. What's the day? Come on. Matthias, we're not going to get around God's process. We're not going to get around it. Yep, yeah. And so the beauty is, ground is being broken. Matthias, because here's here's what I love. One of my favorite scriptures, unless the seed fall into the ground and die, it abides alone. If I leave that seed in that packet, it's not going to grow anything. Matthias, the minute that seed hits dirt, hits the ground, it's going to do something, either the birds are going to eat it, or it's going to blow in the wind. So exactly where it's supposed to go, yeah, yeah. Or it's going to die in some in earth. And then we look at me like, Whoa, where did the seed go? Well, everything that was in the seed is now manifesting because it needed dirt, it needed water, it needed rain, it needed sun, yeah. So, so we're going to overcome time. We're going to overcome time because we live in two worlds, Matthias. We live in this temporary world on this side of heaven, and we live in eternity. The day we accepted Christ, we are now the body of Christ, and we are now seated at the right hand of the. Father and at the same time, we're in time. So I wrote is where I'll never die. I'll never die in eternity, but on this side of heaven, I gotta die because I gotta get to my final destination. I'm passing through here. We're passing through Matthias. So we can rest, we can trust. We can believe. Because if you planted me in this generation, everything you put inside of me, Father will manifest itself if I stick with you, if I stick with your instructions, your plan, yeah, it's easier than we think. Matthias, it's difficult when we're not walking in eternity, which is where we live. We have a dual citizenship,

Speaker 1  10:57
and what that says to us, when you're a citizen, you have all rights right to that country, all right so we have rights to miracles, we have rights to healing, we have rights to deliverance, we have rights to prosperity. We have rights to healthy relationships and healthy environments, because there is nothing evil in heaven. We're leaving all that here Matthias, there is no place for evil in heaven. There is no place.

Unknown Speaker  11:36
What are your thoughts about that?

Matthias Miller  11:39
So all of that stuff makes a lot of sense in regards to, regards to church, especially, and yeah, like, I'm definitely, definitely moving into, well, yeah, it's definitely moving, moving more and more into that there. I think one of the questions I have is, like, the last two weeks have been, they've just been crazy. So we had a kind of, well, I joined this. I joined a class centered around, what, what is it that who are the people you're called to serve, and what are you? How are you? How are you called to serve them, basically, and, and so a lot of kind of congruence with that, and, and so one of the things here's here's kind of a real issue that I'm working through right now is one of the things i i think this is more than just a me idea, but I don't really know, but putting on putting on two events in May to really help break free from kind of The from the orbit of software development.

Unknown Speaker  13:00
Okay, okay, and

Matthias Miller  13:03
with what you're sharing, there's part of me that's really excited, and I feel like, I feel like it's time. There's part of me that's a little trepidatious, because I don't know if I can in a lot of ways. You know, I think, I'm prepared for such assignments, but I also don't know if I can demonstrate my value to other people in a way that resonates with them.

Speaker 1  13:30
Let me tell you something. Matthias, you are your value. Okay? You don't have to open your mouth. Your life is your value, Matthias, and what happens? And this is this happens to me over and over again, Matthias, where Father God will put me in an environment, and I don't have to open my mouth about what I believe. But as people watch my life, they will come up to me and say, You're a woman of God. You've given your life to God. Matthias, Jesus didn't go around screaming, did he? Did he tell anybody who was the son of God? People was discerning. Come on. Matthias, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Surely, you're the Son of God, and he would just smile, and you know what he would say to them? You say, I'm the thought. You see what I'm saying. Matthias, our lie is the neon sign, not my words. Matthias, I don't wear crosses. I love them. And I got some earrings. They're pretty funky. They're, they're, you know, red, black and green, but they're all crosses because somebody gifted them to me, Matthias, but I don't, I don't go around and then anything I have Jesus with Jesus on it, somebody gave them because they're like, you're a woman of God, and surely you would love this. Viv and I appreciate. And I receive it, but Matthias, I am the signpost.

Matthias Miller  15:04
Yeah,

Speaker 1  15:07
yeah, my existence. So that is not what it's about. Matthias, you be 100% uncut, Matthias, and they're gonna smell a redeemed man of God, they don't smell like this man is a Christian. But guess what you say? You see what I'm saying? Matthias, yes. First of all, the only point of Jesus living in us is that we would be light where? And I shared that in the broadcast. I said, we're, we're somebody's little light, where I consider myself a little light, and they look at me, and they look so deep into my life, be like, Whoa. This woman is full of the Word of God. Yes, I am, because that's the only reason I'm before you. That's the only reason I exist. But I so it's not, it's not about peace milling. How do I get them to know I'm a Christian? No, a little leaven does what Matthias story. He plants us in environments to contaminate the whole joint. Okay, yes, I want this entity contaminated with me. I want this house content. I'm telling you, Matthias, I don't go around preaching to my family. I am the sermon. When they watch me go through a trial, when they watch They be like, Whoa, God is real. So guess what? They say. They throw their hands up. They may never don the door of a church, but they know God is real. Matthias, guess what on my Facebook page? If you go on my Facebook page, you flat foot of getting saved without me. Open my mouth to you, yeah, because everything about me says I love him. And no, I'm not being ridiculous and foolish with it, I'm living it. Matthias, Jesus lived it. He didn't tell nobody. He was the Son of God. They told him, Matthias, flesh and blood will never be able to reveal God to anybody. That's why we walk in the Spirit. Moses walking in the Spirit. He didn't. He didn't have a dialog with Pharaoh. He went to Pharaoh said, what God told him to say? You know what Pharaoh said? You a lie. I ain't letting these people go. This is my economy. Are you crazy? Yo, you ain't your God Get out of here. And every time Moses left, God did what he had to do. Moses didn't stick around and convince Pharaoh of nothing. He was like God. Don't need me to convince you that he's God. He need me to live it. Matthias, I'm not going around beating anybody over the head with nothing. When they look at my life, you know what they say, Man, I need to get saved, but I don't know how. And I say, okay, just give me a call. I'll chase them down and hog tie them and put them in a headlock. It's already built in us to know we need God, and for the most part, we're ignoring him, running from him or disobeying Him. Matthias, he don't need us. Yes, so you can breathe, handle your business. Do what God told you to do. Do? Matthias, because the Greater One is living inside of you, hoping he'll get some glory. Matthias,

Matthias Miller  18:49
Yep, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  18:54
So get her done. Okay, business, what these people walk away with? It's God's business. One plant, one water, and God gives the increase. Matthias. Let me tell you what really led me to Christ. And I shared this on the broadcast, on the internet radio broadcast that God had me and one of my spiritual daughters to do. I was in middle school Matthias. I hadn't graduated out of eighth grade. I could have been in probably seventh grade because I had gone to this middle school, because our school went to sixth grade, from preschool to sixth grade, and then we had to move on to the next school, which was for us, you know, it went from preschool to eighth but in our district, we would go there for seventh and eighth so I had to be in seventh or eighth grade. This lady would stand in the middle of the playground, Matthias, we would be out there playing, laughing, being kids, and she would put that megaphone to her mouth and say, Repent. Repent, for the kingdom of God is at her. I forgive God. I didn't know what this lady was talking about. I'm all of 13 or 14 years. I was more 11. I was more 12 or 13. Matthias, the fear of God would resonate in my heart, and I'm thinking, Oh, God, am I okay with you? Please don't come back. And I'm not okay. I'm a child. Matthias, I don't know to say that, so I would just be scared out of my wigs of this lady. But she didn't come after nobody. She spoke it in the atmosphere, and that thing fell on me. Matthias, yeah, and I didn't give my life, my life to Christ at 16. And then I backslid until I was 23 seven years later. And then at 23 God miraculously healed me. He had an appointed time that lady didn't chase me around all those years, she did what God told her to do,

Speaker 1  21:07
that simple Matthias, she wasn't talking to nobody but the atmosphere, yeah, and that thing hit my little, however old. I was hard, and that thing, that seed was in my heart, and it began to manifest. And God will send people to water it. And then he gave the increase. And so on. The I'm at the full blown of what God was planting, yeah, without man's help, Matthias, yeah, yeah. He don't need to. He just needs you to be who you are. You don't need to, to save these people.

Matthias Miller  21:49
Well, I think, I think for for me, a lot

Matthias Miller  21:57
of your stuff there. So I've been reaching out. I've been reaching out to been reaching out to people about filling this event. It's kind of going it's yeah, anyway, so reaching out to people about about filling this event. Some of them you get kind of the some of them really resonate with it. Even if you don't know all the details. They sound really, really intrigued, exactly. And then others. There have been other times where there

Matthias Miller  22:30
have been other times where it's just been a no, because if it's not a good fit, or, you know, they're not a good fit, or, you know, whatever. And then there have been other times where even talking to some of my some of my friends, where it's something, something shows up. That's that, I guess discernment kicks in on my end, there's something, there's something there, yeah. And so I understand that purpose of that that's becoming increasingly clear. My purpose showing up there. I think, I think probably one of the fears with this whole thing is, I think this is God, but it's going to completely fail too. And sure, I'm going to put my, put all my effort into actually filling the event, and, you know, getting people there that are but, but I think you nailed it with the fear that I

Matthias Miller  23:25
as best as I know how I'm trying this sounds maybe really this probably sounds like a recovering engineer, but trying to engineer the event to something that fits me the best, which probably is a little bit of an oxymoron by itself, but Trying to create an event that really plays to who who I really am,

Speaker 1  23:44
and do it and do it. Matthias. Matthias, everything and just so it brings comfort and assurance to you. Matthias, I don't do nothing that I don't think God has called me to do since I submitted my life to Him, and the fruit of it has blown my mind. Matthias, and what I love is, when I do it, I always say to God, Lord, I'm not going to be able to do this without you. And as I do it, he raises up this one, and he raises up that one, and he adds this. And I'm like, Lord, why do we think we could do anything without how do we think we're functioning without you? And so Matthias, the blessing is, there's three schools I want you to write this down, and you're in all three of these schools. There's the school of what to do, the School of what not to do, and the School of why did I do that? And. And at any given moment in our lives, Matthias, we're in one of those three schools of the Holy Spirit. Because what I love about God, Matthias, I have done some things, and I've had to beg God to get me out of them, like, Lord, please deliver me. And he said, Viv I instructed you to not even get involved, but you got involved because you knew more. You knew more. So I let you know more. I allowed you to let no more, and when you discovered that even what you know is limited, visit, you're going to learn that I know better, that I know more, that I really am omniscient, that I really am omnipotent, that I really am all of what I say I am. And then we're in that school, Matthias. And you know what else I've learned? Matthias? There are people that I have allowed into my life. And God said, What did I tell you? Vivian, you know my little mercy kicked in, you know my little vows of mercy? And God said, What did I tell you? And I learned, why did I do I was getting an A plus, and why did I do that? God, I'm just telling you. And so Matthias, we're in one of those three schools every moment of our lives here, and God is right there with us. Got a hip seat, you know, he right on our hip, saying, Hmm, okay, so what do you think about you're like, oh God. And you know, then you go through your whole thing of glory. Next time I'm listening, God said, No, you listen a little better, but, but we're still working on you listening, and we're working on you doing it the first time there, the way I told you. And I'm just telling you, Matthias, God has sent me places that were absolutely places of bondage. And I require, Lord, why did you bring me? Why did you bring me? He said, Viv I want you to get a good dose of what not to do. And I want you to see the fruit. I want you to see the fruit of it. Now, I didn't have to eat the fruit of it, Matthias, but I had to see the fruit of like, oh, okay, God, thank you. You know, because he's forever teaching us, shaping us, molding us, Matthias into his design that he had in mind when he placed us in our parents womb. He had a plan. But we know we know better. They know better. And this around me know better. And God said, These people know what they're doing. Vivian, they don't know what you need. And it gets to that point, you know, think about it, when you look at the life of Moses, okay? First, it was God's idea that he'd be born to a woman in the generation where they were killing all the babies. Lord, why would you let me get pregnant and they're killing all the Hebrew babies? Come on, Matthias, I know she's thinking like, Lord help me, and she didn't care what God told her, because she know they are not going to kill my child. She didn't know she was carrying the deliverer, but she knew y'all, y'all not getting this one, and so she took that baby, and then how about God tell her the name of Moses, or tell Pharaoh's daughter to name him Moses, because his mama didn't even get to name him. Yes, his other mama named him. Come on, Matthias, a straight orphan. Moses was a straight orphan. First he had a death sentence on his life, you know, and them babies that you got in your home, they had a death sentence on their life. I'm sure their mothers are thinking, I need to abort this baby. I can't afford this baby. I can't take come on Matthias, yeah, and now they're being raised in your house by a man and a woman of God who gonna love them like their own. We don't know why that one got away, Matthias, or the ones that y'all have, but they got a reason. There's a reason, and it's bigger than you. You

Speaker 1  29:45
uh, and guess what? So what? We were born of parents that wanted us, but they didn't. They were clueless too. They did their best thinking, Well, God, we gotta teach them this. Teach them that. We gotta teach them how to respect people love people. Gotta teach them, you know, blah blah, blah, blah, blah. And. God said, Okay, turn them over again, because he's not yours. None of us belong to the people that think we belong to Him. Matthias, every single one of us are God's idea. So here he could do with it, with us whatever he want to do. Matthias, let me. Let me share with you, my family is huge. It's nine. It's nine of us, five boys, four girls. One of my brothers drowned when I was 14. He was 21 Matthias, he when he drowned, he had just been honorably discharged from the Navy, and his wife, they had had a son. He had gotten married, and his wife had just graduated from college, and they had a one year old son. I'm trying to think. I don't remember the month my brother died, but I know that his son had just turned one, and they had just found out that his wife was pregnant with his second son, and he drowns. Matthias, what a nightmare, what a nightmare. And I, one day, I'll tell you the whole story, but I'm telling you. Matthias, when I shared the story, I could still hear we had five German Shepherds. My dad raised German shepherds, and so we have five German shepherds, and when, when, when the neighbors were running and screaming to tell us that our my my brother, had drowned the dogs, our dogs just how Matthias, all of them just cried because they knew, but we didn't know. And so every time I share the story of my brother drowning, I can hear the dog howling like it's that day, but I'm healed. Matthias, I don't cry anymore, but it took decades for me not to cry. I'm 59 it took decades. And so there are things that happen in our lives that only God can heal us, only God can deliver us, only God can restore us. Matthias, nobody to make that pain go away. He was the third son of five, right in the middle, and everything was going right, you know. So we don't. I've you know over the years from my dad being diagnosed with cancer and dying 30 days later, nobody can heal that but die where I'm not somewhere in the mental institute, institution drugged up and playing with my bottom left. So my brother dies at 14, and then my dad died at 19. And so you know what? What was in my mind, every man that I love is gonna die, yeah? So I lived in fear that only God could deliver me from Yeah. And then my first husband, Matthias, the seventh year we were married, got addicted to crack cocaine. So if I sat down, he would say, Vivian, I don't see any evidence in your life, because I serve a God that will remove all the hurt, will remove all the pain, will remove all the sand, anything that comes to kill me, he going to take care of it in his time. Matthias and my story is not over. Yeah, I was in full time ministry, and my mom had never been hospitalized ever in her life, except to have her nine babies. And all of a sudden, my mother just got, you know, she just got ill Matthias. And you know, my mother is the type. She just Would not complain, and she just started laying around the house. And my sister and I we looked at him, we said, Is mom okay? And she was like, I don't know. And so we just started asking her questions. She says, I'm okay, you know, like my mom, she really believed in natural remedies, and they were so she said, I'll just do this. And I was like, Okay. And then we kept watching her, and Holy Spirit was telling us she's not okay. So I had a conversation with one of my sister I said, let's just get mom to the doctor, and let's just have them look and we found out Matthias, this was 2009 that she had congest congested heart failure. And so we found that out in September of 2009 my mom died in her sleep in April. Of 2010 and so in January of 2010 now I'm in full time ministry at the church that I was in, and he was telling me that if you need to resign, you need to resign. And I was like, But why he said you need to resign. And you know, at that time, you know we had found out once we take mom to the doctor in September. So I knew like, Okay, God, you're pulling me away from ministry because I need to spend more time with my mother. And he told me, when he was telling me to resign, he said, VID, your mom is your ministry. And so when I wrote my letter of resignation, I said, everybody. I said, Forgive me. You know. I know that there's some things that are not finished. I know some things that are my responsibility. I said, Well, Holy Spirit is telling me that my mother is my ministry, and Matthias I used to sleep in her extra room because God told me she was my ministry. And so I was the manager of all that, all of her doctor's appointments, all this and that and and we broke our family down into groups of three or four people, and somebody was always with her. And when I needed a break, it would be a team would come. They would clean the house, they would do the cooking, blah, blah, blah. Now she wasn't incapacitated, but my mother deserved that kind of love, Matthias, because she kept all 60 grandbabies while them, their parents were working, wow. And so no way was she not going to get any other kind of care. And so God will set precedence on things because he knows the timing of things, Matthias. And so my mother was transitioning, and none of us know it, but God knew it, and that was enough. And so my brother was on Watch his team. They were the 7am team. And so my brother was getting off at work, my baby brother, and he was showing up, and then one of my other brothers was showing up, and they were the 7am team to come get the things that need to be washed, because my brother had a machine, a washing machine and dryer at his home. So okay, so Matthias, there was a seven o'clock team. Now my brother, my brother, who is the brother under the brother that drowned? He and the baby boy had the 7am shift. So Matthias, my brother gets there, the nurse shows up, who comes and take my mother's, you know, stats at temperature, blah, blah blah, her blood levels and blah blah blah, you know, blood sugar levels and blah blah, blah, and so my brother is there. He's on watch, so they're transitioning from the overnight team, which is me and my sister. So I would live there, but my sister would be at home with her kids doing what she'd do. So I would get up and take my great niece, go pick up my great niece, and take her to daycare. So as I picked her, you know, I was relieved her brother get there. Now my mother, she never wanted to be on machine, Matthias, she said, you know, she would always say, Lord, please don't. Don't let me have to be on any type of machines or whatever. And of course, there was no resuscitation. She signed, and we had done all of that. And so it was. I was being relieved. And I went to get my great me and my brothers believed me. And my mom had transitioned in her slave, Matthias, but she had transition, transitioned so peacefully that when my brother got there, he just looked better, and it looked like mama, and he went to do what he was supposed to do in the morning. So my brother got off her got there, and it looked like mom and blah blah, blah, blah, blah. And the nurse came and there was no pulse. And so she looked, and she checked the pulse and the wrist. She checked the pulse in the neck, she checked the pulse. And then my mother had so sweetly transitioned that everybody thought she was sleep Matthias and she transitioned so perfect, perfectly with everybody who needed to see her before they took her remains to the to the to the funeral home to Say the Goodbye. I'm just telling you about the perfection of God Matthias and I, not one of us cried at the celebration of her life, except my one sister, who is an emotional roller coaster.

Speaker 1  39:39
All 100 and something of us who had to march in in honor of who my mom was at the celebration of her life, didn't cry one tear, because every single one of us that was supposed to love on her and take care of her was there nobody had any regrets. Matthias. Wow. Can nobody do that, but, God, yeah, because that was the matriarch. She was the matriarch of all of 200 and something of us that she left. Yeah, wow. And guess what? The work is still going forth. Matthias, we're still living out who she who she planted in us, what she planted in us? Matthias, we're living it out. We're walking it out, us and our children and our children's children, only God can do that man cannot do. And my mother was an only child. Matthias, who my grandmother had to hide, because the gentleman that promised my grandmother that he was going to married her, married her, slept with her. My grandmother got pregnant, and he ended up marrying another woman, and my mother was the woman, the baby, that they had to hide from this wife that he chose, and so his sisters loved on my mother, yeah, yeah, just a nightmare, and my grandmother had to live with the heartache of this man making a promise, and my mother did not get to meet her father until she was 60, Matthias and her brother and so All of this fruit came from this rejected child.

Speaker 1  41:42
Folks, God's ways are so past us, Matthias and I got, you know, our family is amazing. I mean, I've got money. It's just crazy. What has come from the seed of this one woman, the faithfulness, the trust in God of this one woman, Matthias. And so we we never know what God is doing, and it may take generations Matthias for it to get done, and each generation has a different responsibility in the plan of God Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, they all had different responsibilities. They all had and they didn't look the same. They weren't identical. Yeah, so you're never going to be what other people think you are, Matthias, because they didn't make you. Yeah, they didn't make they you were not their idea as much as they think they planned it, and we did. Okay, good. But get your, get your rotten, dirty fingers off of it. It's mine. Matthias belongs to God. Yeah. God, so I'm the proof of the redemption of God. You're the proof Matthias and the word of God says, Let the redeemed say. So you're the proof. You you your life is the proof that God is real. So you ain't trying to prove none to nobody, Matthias. Do you? That's what this phone call is about. Do Matthias? And in you doing Matthias the entire time of your life. You're in one of three schools, what to do, what not to do and why did I do that?

Speaker 1  44:02
Always remember Matthias, you're the man for the job, which also means job. And we don't know which one we're in until we see the manifestation of what God is doing because in our hearts, I'm obeying God. And you say, how did this happen? And God is like, I have a plan, yeah. Romans 828, says all of this is working for her good. And in most cases, it's not even about our good. It's for the good of humanity. Matthias, it's a good that's so much greater than others, for the good of God's kingdom, because somebody's watching your life, and it's going to scare them straight. Matthias, because you. Always find people say I wouldn't. I wouldn't have done it like that. I wouldn't have said like that. Well, you're not me. You're not me. Matthias undo the greatest works for God outside of the church, because the church, unless they know who you are is a slave master. The Church, the institution, doesn't know how to let people be free. For real. Matthias, because, for the most part, if I if I've been developed and mentored and trained and discipled by somebody who's wrapped in fear or wrapped in hurt or wrapped in pain, I'm going to reproduce the same thing. Because every fruit reproduces after its own kind, Matthias, every tree. And so when God starts nudging you and elbowing you, you know, it's for you to know, like Matthias. No, no, that's not what that means. That's not what I meant by that, you know. And he's got to undo us. God, I love him. He'll, he'll, he'll build us up and then tear us down and build us up and tear us down, because they every time he build us, it's something that's attached to us that he can't use. I gotta prune you. I gotta prune you a harvest that I that I said your life, what's going to bring I gotta prune you, brother, I gotta prune you sister. And so God is in the pruning business, and he said, as long as we abide in the vine, it's gonna be okay. Matthias not abide in somebody's church, not abide in somebody's rules and regulations. God say abide in M, E, me

Speaker 1  47:08
think about Gideon. He was coming out to just make some bread, get some grain, and do what he's supposed to and get back in his hiding place. And God called him a mighty man and fell. He's like, what? Who you talking to, man? I'm just adding try to get some grace. I see my

Speaker 1  47:27
and then he got all his little people around him. And then God was like, Uh, sorry. I hate to be the one to tell you, but you got too many people. What do you know? The calling me to fight? God, you done lost your mind. And he was like, Okay, God, I don't know if this is your Satan. I'm putting fleece out here. If the ground be wet and the fleets be dry, I know it's you guys. Like, okay, anyway, whatever you got to do Gideon then, okay, he did that. Okay, God. Now this time, if the fleas be wet and and, and, you know what God was going to do, he was going to let Gideon give him 1200 things, he'll be sorry. I'm not changing, sir, you're the one, okay, and yes, you don't qualify. You're That's That's perfect. That's perfect. I'm telling you the circles God put me in. I don't qualify. I I don't qualify to be there. Matthias, I don't qualify to sit in front of entrepreneurs. I haven't started one business. Every qualifier I, I'm not an Ivy League graduate. Matthias, guess what? Matthias, I'm gonna let you in on a real good secret. My mom and dad never married. I'm a bastard.

Speaker 1  48:57
Go figure. Okay, all you wonderful people that have all the answers. Go figure this is what I want you to know, exactly what God told you to do, yeah, and don't look back. There's nothing to look back to, because we only get 24 hours. We don't get 365 days. Matthias, we get one day at a time. We don't get 365 so you do what he told you to do today. Matthias, that's all he wants you to do. That's all. And your sister, viz, that God has has put alongside you to sojourn on this path, on this part of your journey, brother, I'm just a text, a phone call and a prayer away. You.

Speaker 1  50:04
The Word of God says, in your day of adversity, I will raise up a brother. And so the elements are adverse. Matthias, when God tell us to do some everything in the earth, don't line up with you and say, okay, you know, like Howdy Doody, waving their hands and dancing. Oh, they say, Who you think you are? Yeah, yeah. Who do you think you are? Yeah, and I'm a son of God. That's who I am. But guess what, when we get through, I won't have to tell you that you're gonna see the manifestation and you're gonna back up off of me. I'm telling you, Matthias, I've had to sin against the biggest, the baddest and the worst of them. And many occasions, God says, shut your mouth. I will show them. I was told them, and he had over and over and over and over. I got more victories than I have failures in my life. Matthias, yeah, yeah. SO SO DO DO what He told you to do and do it quick. Okay, just like Jesus. Jesus told Judas, I know who you are, go ahead and do what you got to do. Get it over with.

Speaker 1  51:31
Yeah, you're ready. You're ready because if you were not ready, God wouldn't ask you to do it. See, that's what we haven't learned. I can't tell God when I'm ready, Matthias, do what God told you to do, yeah, and do it with joy, and do it with a glad heart. Do it the way he told us in Philippians chapter four. Whatsoever things are lovely whatsoever. Things are pure, whatsoever. Things are of a good sport. Let that be your mantra. Matthias go to Philippians four and let that be your mantra in all of what you need to do. Yep.

Speaker 1  52:22
Yeah, what time do we have to end our call so you don't miss your appointment with your wife?

Matthias Miller  52:36
We got about 30 minutes or so, okay, okay.

Unknown Speaker  52:42
Do so what are your thoughts?

Matthias Miller  52:51
Could we actually break for about two minutes? Are you right back?

Speaker 1  52:54
Yeah, yeah, that's fine. Okay, okay, do.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai