Unknown Speaker  00:01
How are you, sir,

Matthias Miller  00:04
I am a little tired, but I'm doing well.

Unknown Speaker  00:09
Okay, so what's the good news?

Matthias Miller  00:15
Good news is, keep making progress. Keep getting breakthrough, okay, getting closer,

Matthias Miller  00:32
realizing where to even start.

Matthias Miller  00:42
So fairly can just continuing to have bigger mindset shifts, I guess, around just reaching out to people, having conversations with people, and understanding the value that I can

Unknown Speaker  00:57
bring. Okay. So um, and

Matthias Miller  01:11
I don't even know where to even start.

Speaker 1  01:20
So tell me, like, what's your recent conversation like? Who have you recently had conversations with?

Matthias Miller  01:28
So recently, I've had conversations. I had conversation with Mindy earlier this week, which we talked about, I believe I talked with Richard Shaw for 30 minutes around and trying to remember what was the what was even the outcome of that, why it felt so pivotal. The outcome was just one of the big out. One of the big shifts was, you know, how you get these lessons and you keep learning that? I don't know, it feels like you've you've been here before, and you just didn't get it, but basically, stop trying to put your offer together. Start talking to people, find out what they need, give it to them. They'll help you build it. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  02:33
that's cool, and yeah. And

Matthias Miller  02:37
then had another conversation with the lady who did my branding, she's been doing some more coaching as well. And I think a big piece with that is it's kind of going back to that five k5 weeks. Her feedback on that was 40 804 weeks. But then basically, basically, the issue becomes just finding people who have, well, there's a few pieces that came out of that. One is,

Matthias Miller  03:16
I don't know. I wish I could flip the switch on this. Honestly,

Unknown Speaker  03:23
when you say flip this, what do you mean?

Matthias Miller  03:28
So I'm Colby certified. I've made it my life practice to study people. I've followed Perry. I've gone down the marketing rabbit hole. I've gone down the I've gone down business strategy rabbit holes. I've gone down systems, operations, types of things. And, you know when you compare yourself, and I think the further, the further down I go, like one of one of my I guess, I don't know if you call him a mentor. I don't know that the relationship is quite that close, but, but one individual mentioned that as he's got more successful, his score, his financial score, went from a seven out of 10 to a two or three out of 10, not because he was in a worse position, but simply because he realized how much more he had to learn. Okay, and if what I mean by flip the switch is that I am so close to it's like a fish in water. And I don't want to be a know it all right,

Speaker 1  04:51
and yet, there's so much that I do know same and. What's wrong with knowing is that a crime, because over time, that happens, and you become an expert, and that's an awesome thing. So what's the challenge?

Matthias Miller  05:17
The challenge is seeing it, seeing that I actually am not

Speaker 1  05:22
okay. And what? Let's stick right there. Let's not move from there, because it kind of reminds me of and I get a picture because I get them of your sink is clogged, and do you continue to allow the water to run? Or do you say, hold up. Let me try to figure out what's going on with this thing. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  05:47
you definitely try to

Speaker 1  05:49
figure out, yeah. And so I'll be honest. And you know, I'm always honest. Matthias, when you hit, or me, any of us, when we hit those roadblocks, we gotta go, we gotta be there. We gotta say, Okay, what is this? Why is this? And what do I need to do to change it? That's That's it. You're a troubleshooter, and it works in your own world. It's not for the outsiders. It starts with you first, and it's not, this is not a review, because I'm experiencing this crazy liberation from God Matthias, and my determination is, Lord, whatever you tell me to deal with, that's what I'm going to deal with. I'm not going to run, I'm not going to hide, because there's the results are amazing when we deal with that clogged sink, no more flooding, no more dysfunction. You see what I'm saying? Matthias, so I have the firm belief God reveals to heal. Because it could be either I need healing or I need deliverance. And what I love about God, he is so sufficient. He knows which do I need. And so these are real areas. It's just like having a tender spot in your arm or your foot or your hand, you're not just going to continue to walk work around that thing. You're going to say, whoa. Like, wait, wait, wait, we need to check this out and see what is this. And so that would be the question, what's the blockage? And I don't believe there's a whole lot of blockage left, but whatever blockage is there, we get rid of it. We deal with it. We go get the plunger. Yeah, yeah. We don't allow the room to flood because we don't get the plunger, or we don't try to get the stopper out of the sink. It's like, hold up. Stop turning water off. Let's check this out. And so whenever, and that's forever in life, whatever it is when there's a blockage, okay, right now, I might not be able to deal with it, but I'm gonna make time to do it.

Matthias Miller  08:20
Yeah, so here's the here's, here's a couple of things.

Matthias Miller  08:28
One of them is,

Matthias Miller  08:35
one of the first things that came to mind was there's this sense that, wow, this is actually pretty deep, but there's this sense that you can't be successful and you can't be knowledgeable, and you can't be successful and still have a heart.

Unknown Speaker  08:55
What? Some way,

Matthias Miller  08:57
like you can't be No, it's not, I know it's not, but it's like you can't be fully yourself, like it's almost like, when

Speaker 1  09:13
who said that, where'd that come from? Who's the root who's who's the one? Where did that originate from?

Matthias Miller  09:24
Well, clearly that thought only has one father,

Unknown Speaker  09:29
yeah, and the other one is a counterfeit, yeah, and the counterfeit is always going to say something foolish and crazy,

Speaker 1  09:44
yeah, yeah, and, and, I'll say this Matthias, this is the real practice and the real test to practice. Jesus, what did he say? They would they were trying to kill him. He said, only do what be my son? Father doing he didn't care. Like, if you trying to kill me, he's got to deliver me, because I got to do what he told me. You see what I'm saying? Matthias, yeah, until I go, until I do it, I don't know what the results are. I could sit and contemplate, and I'm speaking generically, I could sit and contemplate all day, but until I pick up the phone and have the conversation, I don't know the outcome. So I don't base it off of assumptions. I base it off of action, like, Hey, okay, that's not it. Let's go back to Edison. That's not it. That's not it. Oh, maybe this is it, nope, that's not it. So we keep it moving. If I try on a pair of shoes that don't fit, should I wear them?

Unknown Speaker  10:55
No, what should I do? And then what do I do if the shoe don't fit?

Matthias Miller  11:02
Throw them out, send them back. Go shopping again.

Speaker 1  11:06
Yeah, I go shopping again. I go, Okay, this, this, this brand, this make of a shoe just doesn't fit the shape of my foot. Let me find one, and I don't stop looking. It's that simple. It's that simple because these preconceived ideas, you know, words, are weighty and powerful. Life and death is in there, and whoever spoke that that was their situation, this is not yours. Yeah, yeah. And, you know, and we respect where people are, we don't challenge what they believe. It's like, okay, that's your faith, but my faith is because of what my father is saying to me. This is what I'm going to do, I promise you. Matthias, I don't do well with people's comments because my mind is made up. So when this, whoever it is, start talking, I listen, but it but I'm already saying. I'm getting it. I know what I'm getting ready to do. So okay, that's fine. Thank you. I appreciate that, and I'll move on to that. This walk is so low, it's not 12 of us on this journey. He's not gonna say. Viv, we're straight loving people, because I need to hear everybody's account on what happened. No. Viv, what did I tell you to do now? What did I ask you to do? Because you're not, you're not the Honestly, you're not the status quo. And you know that Matthias, so what you run into an obstacle, you keep it moving, or you go find you some dynamite, a stick of dynamite to blow that bad boy up. But, like, this is the past. Yeah. And honestly, when people, and I'm telling you, Matthias, because they're here, they exist in the earth, I know so many people that would convince me out of doing everything God has told me to do. I don't fool with them. I love them, but I don't fool with them. Yeah, we're not on the same path. Yeah,

Speaker 1  13:35
yeah, yeah. I had a conversation with a gentleman, and he said to me, he said, I'm teaching my children. You are your worst enemy. You have no outside enemy. You your character, your courage, your confidence. If you don't walk in it, you have just destroyed all the purpose and possibility, and you know, and they believe that, because it's the truth God is, on a daily basis, encouraging us to do, we are human, what I'm gonna do for human beings? Yep. What are we? We're human beings. Your your ears need to hear that, because we got to do it. We today, if you woke me up. Matthias, I I've been texting people some, some opportunities have come up for certain individuals, and now my fingers are tired from texting saying, hey, take a look at this. This might be for you. Take a look at this. This might be for you, because that's what God told me to do. Now, if it isn't for them, that's not my challenge. Yeah,

Speaker 1  14:58
we're not responsible. For people's responses. We're responsible for our obedience. Yeah, and that's the clearing, clearing of your mind and your heart. Um, you're not responsible. Do you know how many people need what you have? Matthias, you haven't even begin to tap into it. But guess what? Until you present it. Don't nobody know you got it. They don't know you have they just don't know it will not happen by us osmosis, yeah, yeah, have that conversation. Do or die? It don't matter. It's not even about what is the outcome. No, let me have this conversation. Hey, I need to talk to you about something. Look blue. You know, part of my practice is Lord, and I don't do it anymore Matthias, because I'm now in the river of God, and me and him are just flowing. We're just moving. But before that, I would practice God. Tell me what to say when I honestly felt like I don't know what to say. Tell me then I would make, I would make the call or do whatever I needed to do. And I'm telling you, he would blow my mind every time, because it was like this. How did you know? And I said I didn't, but I was, I was instructed to call you. It's that simple. And it gets complicated when it turns into man stuff. Man is in the chaos they're in because they don't listen. Yeah, it's simple. It's not complicated. And guess what? When I do something and if the results are different than what I thought, I talked to, God, I don't blame myself. I go, Lord, you told me to do that. He said, Yes, I did. Then he started giving me the narrative of, let me say about this person, they don't listen. They don't this. I said, Oh, okay, good, because you're off the hatch when you do your part. Matthias, you're not doing everybody's part. Yeah, your part is a linchpin to something else happening. So if we waiting on the other results, they're not going to happen until you do your part. Yeah, it is, I'm telling you, Matthias, my experience has been my part. Is my part. I can't I can't do other people's part because, number one, I'm not that body part, and something would be deformed if I tried to do it, and then something would be missing if I didn't do, yeah,

Speaker 1  17:51
there are people waiting on you, not the ones that got so much to say. And then you could look at their results and say, Well, wait a minute. You're not me. I'm telling you. Matthias, there were many things God instructed me to do. I could not sit down with an audience and say, do you think? No, I had to do it because it was like, Who am I gonna ask when it came from you? God? Who's gonna who's gonna counsel me when it came from you? Nobody, yeah, and you continue to have these conversations until you get to the result you're looking for, you know, because here it is. My family is so diverse. I mean, oh my god, it's nine of us, and all of us are different. And I know, Lord, tell me how to ask this one this, because I already know what they're gonna say. And then he said, Okay, well, here's what you do here, text them. Don't get on the phone with them. When you text them, they got to respond. Clearly. They cannot go into this mulberry bush thing about it. And I noticed that when I text, they give me a direct answer. If I get on the phone, I'm like, oh my goodness, I only ask you, you know, and people train us on how to communicate with them, because everybody has their own way. And you are multi gifted, and you use everything God gave you. There's no one way. Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  19:33
Case in point, I spent 60 minutes on a phone with a guy yesterday. You comment on one of my posts,

Unknown Speaker  19:40
and we spent,

Matthias Miller  19:45
like, one time he brought up a little bit what I posted about, and we went on to other things, and I just went with him, and right at the end of the call, he's like, I was like, hey, look honestly, I gotta go. I gotta run. Gonna spend. Time with my family. He's like, I've got, I got a few things I can a few names I want to send over to you for people you can connect with. But well, and and let's connect. And right as I hung up, the right as I was ready to hang hang up, he was like, Yeah, let's stay in touch. I might have a software project

Speaker 1  20:16
for you see 1159, and three quarters of seconds. So that's the way I live. Matthias, that is the way I live. But it relationship is everything, because everybody needed Heidi and I was on the phone. Guess what? We talked about the kids, fella and her daughter and her son. You know why? That's probably why she needed, yeah, and before I got off Matthias, I said, Is there anything I could pray for? Is there anything, you know, anything else? She says, No, I think I'm okay. But then guess what? I got a website link for her for valor, to teach him the Word of God on His love. It was just so rich Matthias, because we don't know why we're encountering people, but we got to encounter them. They're part of our journey, and it'll all come out. I'm telling you, Matthias, I just right now, like, Okay, I have an opportunity to go to Africa next year. I have an opportunity to relocate to Tulsa. And I'm like, Whoa, God. I'm like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, like, whoa, whoa, whoa, but this is what God has for us when we engage. I never saw either one of those comments. This is what I'm saying. Matthias, so we don't Okay my I know what God like. You know you know who you are. You know your design. You know why you're in the earth. You gotta be that all the time, not some of the time. Yeah. And then the beautiful thing, y'all had a nice conversation. And then, you know, it was like some people, I'm be honest, they don't want to do business with you if they don't know you. I'm talking about anybody like, I feel more comfortable doing business with somebody I know Matthias than somebody I don't, and then it's not even me checking you out or just getting you it's like, Lord is this person honest? It's, you know, because we got some straight shysters out here, and it's scary. We we gotta have discernment. We gotta have a conversation. Yeah, it's a lot of craziness out here,

Speaker 1  22:53
and we're maneuvering in it, you know, we're living in it, we're growing in it. We're prospering in it. But, boy, when you bring me some foolishness, I look at you and I say, Okay, I'm not going to degrade you or belittle you, but I see you, yeah, yeah. And if he showed you a portal, baby, you better work it. I'm telling you. You know, I spent a lot of time going to different community meetings, not because I love meetings. I hate them. I hate meeting. Matthias, but guess what? That's the only way you can talk to people. It's a necessary evil. It's a necessary it is an it's a necessary evil, okay, just like taking out the trash, that's a necessary evil, you know, wiping poop, when the baby you say, Oh Lord, I'll be glad when your potty train. That's a necessary evil. Yeah,

Speaker 1  24:01
we got to do it. And it becomes because, you know what, Matthias, you are genuine, and you the real thing. So you gotta talk to people, because there's so much stuff out here. How do I know that? How do I know I have a counterfeit until the real shows up? I don't. Yeah,

Speaker 1  24:26
yeah, yeah, yeah. So I would live, if that's my portal, I would live on that because you know what you get to dictate who you gonna talk to, when you gonna talk to him. Matthias, it's not gonna eat up a lot of your time, but get on there and when there's a bite, just find out what the bite is, because you know what the nice thing is, they got your number, and they know what you do. If I can't, I'm, I'm going to refer you to somebody that needs you, like, Hey, I just met a guy, you know, and that's exactly how it works. Mm. Your reputation supersedes you when, when the glory of God is on us. I'm you cannot deny me. You know what I'm saying. I'm the water that keep keeps dripping on the rock. Droop, droop. And guess what? A whole H, O, L, E is gonna happen because I'm consistent. Drew, Drew, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you are who you are, and you need to be that with joy, because God made you, yeah.

Speaker 1  25:51
Take the work out of it. Say, Okay, God, tell me who I should be talking to today on Facebook or whatever. I'm telling you, Matthias, it's so much he's given me to do right now, I'm like, Lord, please just let me be but it's so powerful, because guess what, valer is with his grandmother. Today. I have a day off, and I'm maxing it, but then I get a text from someone who has this resource? I'm going, Oh brother, I wasn't trying to be reaching out to people today. And God's like this. Well, who else can I ask? Because you the only one that'll do it. Everybody else. Like, okay, they won't even think about us, if you like, Oh my God, I know 25 people you know, and I'm getting responses, thank you. I'll pass it on, because we don't know, we don't know Matthias, but we obey. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And just like that gentleman, you had a conversation, send me seven more God. And when you look up, you are in you up to your neck, and people that you need to serve, and that God has given you the blueprint, and now put that thing in action. Yeah, I was on a call today, Matthias with my friend whose son, Today is her birthday, and her son was the one that was murdered her and her husband, their son, and so today is her birthday, and one of the other sisters in let's say Dave, we really got to come together and call her and just bless her. So I have my conference call.com number. I said, Okay, no problem. I said, we're gonna be on that line. And I said, and she's okay with me recording. I said, we'll record it. And oh my, she she was so blessed. She was like, Do you guys know how much I needed this today? Now it seems corny, you know? And then we thought about the time, let's call it 10, because, you know, she's busy, whatever. 10 probably a good time. Everything we did was exact to the degree like these two honey different sisters were calling me today, and they were able to jump on that call. Is that crazy? Matthias? Yeah, yeah, because we obey. So it had to be five of us, and she was so over when she's like, Oh, my God, I'm so great. She was so that was better than 10 pounds of gold for her, because if with the most valuable thing in life is our human relationship, not things. Yeah, and you do that. Well, you build relationships. Well, people feel safe around you. Matthias, you're an honest man. I would be so thick in the marketplace. God would have to tell me to get somewhere and sit at him. I will work my way into a tizzy. Matthias, oh, God, I need an account now. Oh, Lord, I need this now. Oh, you know, and God loves that kind of problem. Well, you done. Get in so deep you're like, Lord, I need your help. I'm in over my head. Yeah. He loves that Peter. Get out that boat. What happened? He started sinking, right? Yeah, who came and got him? Jesus didn't himself. Do you think he's gonna let you drown, sir, with all the families you're responsible for I don't think so.

Unknown Speaker  29:53
Yeah, so what are your thoughts? I.

Unknown Speaker  30:03
I'm

Matthias Miller  30:29
so if so well, A handful of things the I

Matthias Miller  30:43
back to the very beginning, about relationship. It's about this thing that I do well, that's the foundation for wealth that me, for me, is good enough and will create new opportunities.

Unknown Speaker  31:00
About I

Unknown Speaker  31:36
I'm just thinking, I know one of the

Matthias Miller  31:39
things that happened this past week was just not having enough time to sit with some of This stuff, not taking the time to sit with it.

Matthias Miller  32:08
And like, okay, so, like,

Matthias Miller  32:19
part of this too is just having an attentiveness again, like even deeper attentiveness to the People who are showing up in my life.

Unknown Speaker  32:27
Yeah, I

Speaker 1  32:46
So will you make time? You know, like, can you see yourself making time?

Matthias Miller  32:55
Yeah, so, I mean, one of the things that happened earlier today, Tim and I were working on something else, and all of a sudden, we got in my calendar, and we did a lot of major rearranging. And, okay, it feels like it's a lot, you know, in a much better space.

Speaker 1  33:14
Okay, good. And that's helpful. That's really helpful, and that's the beginning, and I believe what's happening Matthias And as things are being shifted, because that takes getting used to. It takes practice. It really takes practice. And not being so hard on ourselves. You know, when it doesn't happen, because the blessing is and I'm learning this when I sit and talk to God like I have things I have to do, and I just say, Lord, I have to do this. I have to do that. And he'll say, okay, Viv, don't do these two things right now, work on these two and it's just such a sigh of relief, because we are doers, and so when I'm when I have too much Matthias it, you know, because you got family, you have your own projects you're interested in, You've got some other things that you have to give your attention to, you know? And I when, I when that happens to me, I have a conversation with God, and I said, Lord, what can I put off right now? I say those two things right there, and I do it, and it works, because our capacity is crazy. We got an amazing capacity. But at the same time, think about Jesus. Did he go away and rest Matthias? Yes, yes, he did. And how often did he do it? I.

Matthias Miller  35:00
As often as he needed to. I don't know

Speaker 1  35:02
if it better they had 12 things for him to do. He said, Listen, you guys go ahead of me. Remember, yeah, you guys go ahead because in his mind, saying, I'm getting ready to go somewhere and sit in them. Yeah, because he needed it. He needed it. And what I did, I dropped y'all off for the grandmothers. We spent the night with her last night, my sister. And then I got up this morning early, and, you know, I told her the things I had to do today, and I left. But the blessing was Matthias, I came home and shut it down because I needed it. Yeah, I may. I figured out a way to do it, just like we find ways to do other things. That's part of your calendar. You Yeah, and so much more comes out of that. And then you can observe, you know, because this is the challenge. Matthias, you're not the worker bee anymore. You're the boss. Yeah, that's a whole different responsibility, yeah, and it takes practice, yeah,

Matthias Miller  36:33
and I think some of this weariness is around leftover commitments.

Speaker 1  36:46
Okay, yeah, yeah, and I'm being honest, Matthias would look at who I know, and I'll say, hey, I need your help with some I'm telling you, Matthias, because human resources, they're everywhere, even in a conversation with somebody in a new conversation, hey, I'm working on this. And that is there any way you know, you got any insight? Because that intro to it. Do you have any insight? You go, Yeah, well, I used to do that, blah, blah, and then that's how you know you're always talent hunting. Always talent hunting, because there's so many people that are doing nothing right now,

Matthias Miller  37:38
yeah, and so many people waiting to get to where they want to

Speaker 1  37:41
go? Yeah, and they did. They know what I got to do something.

Matthias Miller  37:48
I mean, okay, so the crazy, the crazy thing is, this is, like, some of these words are finally starting to like, what's Gary gave me a couple of memos. And even the session, I did a private session with with him and Jen and Julie, okay, but keeps talking about working with visionaries and being a leader to visionaries and developing visionaries. And I've got, I mean, this guy I talked to you earlier today. He's got this engraving business, and I'm talking to him, I'm like, Well, where do you want to go? What are you thinking about? What are you Where are you at broadcasting? He's like, Well, I want to. I want to. He was like, looking at the nonprofit space. He reached out to me about that. It was like, Well, dude, I'll be honest. Here's what that's like. Go take a look, connect with this other person. He went and took a look, and he's like, Yeah, I agree with you. And we were talking again today, and he's like, I was like, Well, you know, here's what I'm doing. How would you fit into that? And here's this idea to do, put together code houses about systems, people and systems. So what would a,

Unknown Speaker  39:07
what would a

Matthias Miller  39:09
customer retention system look like in a in a construction company, and like, what? What if? What if you had four weeks to sit down with somebody and design a gift package for all of their clients that each of their clients would get. And what if you times three that and have a gift package for clients, have a gift gift package for people who refer, and have a gift package for for leads that are interested based on what they can afford. And so you design it, and you, and you, you provide at least some of the product for your engraving business. Mm,

Unknown Speaker  39:53
hmm, wow.

Matthias Miller  39:58
And so, you know, who knows, but we don't have. To know. I mean, now when I want to converse, having a conversation with somebody, and they're saying, My customers aren't I'm just having a hard time. Like, I like, I don't know what, my customers just aren't as happy as I mean, there's different things we can look at. But have you thought about putting some assistant like this into place, and creating this backpack of folders and ideas that are partially developed, but I know it's enough that I can pull it out when somebody needs it, and we can spin it up, and we can start rolling with it and prove the concept, if there's somebody who's actually interested

Speaker 1  40:45
in it, okay, and, and that's huge Matthias, because I this is what I always think about. I think about, there is a bent, a building stage. There is a planning stage. There is a building stage, and then there is an execution stage. In other words, in this day and age, we're living in all of those parts are important, but we don't die in any of those phases. We don't think in any of those phases. We keep going, you know, it's like, okay, time is real. And we look at the time and say, Well, what time does it take to do that? And how much time do we have? And what are we looking at? And again, what's our product goal date? In other words, what date do I want to have this done by like, for example, to keep myself from being stressed with this school of women, the girls are going to be talking to me probably this weekend about what they've come up with, but we're not rolling anything out until January. So even if some of them are lagging behind or have super, a whole lot of responsibility. They've got enough time where they can catch in, jump up and say, Hey, I'm going to spend this weekend working with it, and we're going to put this in place. Because I understand all of it takes time. Put it in a 90 day window, you know, because 90 days is a good amount of time where people can breathe, not be stressed, and say, okay, you know. And I'm going to remind them this weekend. Hey you guys, I'm just checking to see how you're coming along with what our rules should be, because, and that's all I want from them. Are the rules. I don't want anything else, because, in the meantime, I'm working on something else, you know, concerning it, but their part is simple, and I'm keeping it simple because this is another thing on their plate. And so it's all about looking at all of those dynamics and saying, Okay, God, if the weight of this thing is on me, what are the simple things that I can put in the hands of individual where it would be a good start for them. I'm putting a good time frame around it, you know, like, for example, never let anybody get off the phone and say, We need to talk to say, well, when's a good time next for us to talk again? Never, never let them get away without you asking, when's the good and they say, well, in about two weeks, and then you mark your calendar, and then in two weeks, you're on the phone. Say, Hey, this is Matthias. You know, we talked two weeks ago, and they said, Well, today is not a good time. Can we talk tomorrow? Sure You see what I'm saying. There's this consistent conversation. You're managing, you're managing, you have the capacity to manage and help people manage their time, and that's why it's so important for your time to be managed, because you're so good at helping other people, that you make sure you help yourself, and that you do it in measures that you can manage, or that your team can manage, or that whoever is partnering with you on this particular part of it can manage, it's you, and not in a negative sense, But you got to pay more attention to yourself. Yeah, because you have a great responsibility, but God is giving you the grace. So it's not to kill you. It's to make you and shape you and mold you into the image that God would have you to be, not the one you think you should be, the one he has ordained you to be. That's what you're shooting for. Yeah, yeah. And he's right alongside you. He hasn't left you, he hasn't thrown you out there. I hope you make and know it's like, hey, Lord, this is getting a little bit or a little bit, and some of. Okay, well, sit down for a minute rest. Then we're going to take it back up. You see what I'm saying, like lifting weights. When your body you say, hold up. I can't do it right now. You'll go somewhere and sit down, then come back and whoo. You know you got more energy because you sat down for a minute? Yeah.

Speaker 1  45:26
You are your best friend or your worst enemy. You got to decide which one's going to be to yourself and do it on a regular and be consistent love Matthias more than any body else. Matthias, because when we love ourselves, that gives us more love to love people, not not in a narcissistic way, but in God He made us. We're amazing. Yeah. And so, because you love Matthias. He's the number one person right now, but God chose you.

Matthias Miller  46:13
So I want to pick this. I need to break for just a few minutes here, but I want to pick, I want to pick this up around, around what you just said, and around the concept of toil and getting off the track with that, because I think there's some practical things that for me to unpack with that, but I'll call you right back.

Unknown Speaker  46:33
Okay. All right, okay, all right. Thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai