Matthias Miller  00:00
Hey, all right, I'm back. So

Matthias Miller  00:15
there are just a handful of things I'm not sure exactly where. Well, first of all, as you're talking there's 101 different practical things that are popping up for me, and I want to make sure to get these. I want to get these. Get these in a place where I'm actually going to be able to follow up on them instead of just sprawled into a notebook.

Matthias Miller  01:01
So

Matthias Miller  01:12
I'm uh, and I guess what I'm realizing is where this whole thing went off the rails. For me was, there's their project. This whole thing went off the rails for me was lack of a better, better term, falling into toil and falling falling out of my rhythm and okay? And there's some people that I can ask to, that I can talk to about pieces of this, okay, I

Speaker 1  03:07
I got a question. Matthias, how often do you pray in the Holy Ghost? I

Matthias Miller  03:24
I, I haven't had, I haven't made it much of a habit. Maybe it's maybe once a week, maybe more than I haven't really made it much of a habit. I'll be honest,

Speaker 1  03:33
okay, and that's good, I mean in the sense of your honesty, because Matthias, in this in this time and season. Um, one helpful thing to give you rest from all of the stuff you know, that could easily get on our minds is the brain holy. When you when you get, when you get in that place, you know, like when I'm feeling overwhelmed, or I'm thinking about somebody, and almost it feels like my hands are tied, I just pray in the Holy Ghost, yeah, because the word of God says that's our most holy faith, yeah. And it um, the point of him being there is to lead and guide and to bring peace, you know, to comfort us over whatever is needed. And I and that's a norm for me. You know, even before you encounter any of your projects, praying in the Holy Ghost. Yeah, just praying in the Holy Ghost, because it's not, it's a part of us. It's he's our guide. He's leading us, He's showing us, he's talking to us. And so that's your. Earth, that's that's a part of the power of God that's right there in your heart, in your hands, in your being, you know, our Paraclete, he comes alongside of us. And, yeah, I'll do it. I could just be cleaning or cooking or and I just pray in the Holy Spirit, because I'm thinking, well, somebody needed, if it wasn't for me, or something needed it, because he knows all things, yeah, and so it's, it's, it's, it's a new thing for us to not do it, because we are such doers. We are definitely the instruments of God. But it's like, it's your doing, God, I'm co laboring. I'm co laboring with you. Yeah, that's such a peaceful place, yeah, so do more of that just spontaneously as you're going through some of the things you've documented. You know, pray in the Holy Ghost. And there's this, you know, this river, this refreshing that is perpetual in God, because we're spiritual beings, because I want you to get this load off of you, this a burden. There's something called and this is not the case, but I'm making you aware there's something called false burden. You know, you're one Matthias, you are a servant. However, there are some particular assignments that God has given you and you, you gotta, you gotta, get it done, and that's the priority. Yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  07:17
he'll make it for His burden is easy. His yoke is easy and his burden his life. Because I'm praying to you, God, I'm counting on you. You, you got everybody involved. You, you, you, you know everybody that's involved. You know everyone that will be involved. And so Hey, and then what's nice about that, Matthias, you don't have to be anywhere particular to do it as you walk and as you driving, you know as you're in the office alone or in any space, It's you and god,

Unknown Speaker  07:53
yeah, yeah, he's your companion. You we don't leave him out, and we'd be intentional about inviting him in, right? Yeah, yeah, on every opportunity we get, because he's the blueprint man. He got the blueprint before we ever get it.

Speaker 1  08:35
And these are all habits that God would he would interject, because to do what he's calling you to do, you're not going to be able to do it. And I'm saying this in all due respect, without the Holy Ghost, it's just not going to happen. Yeah, because he's taking you on a level that's beyond what you ever decided or desired to do. You know, we have these desires, but then when it's time, it's like, whoa, God, I don't know if I want to do that. He says, oh, yeah, you do because I put it in you, you're going to do it. Yeah? So all of us are experiencing that. You know, the body of Christ it's like, hey, I need you over here. I need you over here. I need you over here, because the Earth is his. He's trying to gain back what's rightfully his. And the point of us being in the earth is to dominate what he told us to dominate. We're not we're not just hanging out. So there is no law against that. Matthias, however, how you do it is the question. Yeah, I.

Speaker 1  10:04
It's about you resting, and it's about you like you said, sitting with what He has given you and saying, Okay, God, you know, he's been praying in the Holy Ghost. I need you. Yeah?

Speaker 1  10:22
You know, yeah. Show me, show me, show me. And people going to jump out the woodwork with information like, whoa. I didn't expect that, but that's because he owns all of us, and he owns all of this,

Matthias Miller  10:35
yeah,

Speaker 1  10:38
yeah. That takes the labor out of it, but it's your father, and we've been labor sensitive, because that's our culture. Work, work, work, nope, nope, nope. That's not God. He said, rest he works, but he said, Am

Speaker 1  11:09
and even when you struggle in that say, help me God. Help me to rest. Help me to pull out. Help me to to pay attention to what you're delegating and what you're sorting out. Because, you know, change is not easy. There's a whole changes. I mean, in an accelerated way, Matthias was like, Whoa, Lord. But it's his power that's working in us. It's not us working. Look, Matthias is not as working. His power is his power working. We got the train going. We pouring the coal and God is like, get on the train and ride. I got the train. Yeah.

Speaker 1  12:06
Breathe. Holy Ghost helps us to breathe. When we pray in the Holy Ghost, it gets something off of us, whatever the pressure is, there be any anxiety or anything trying to overwhelm us that praying in the Holy Ghost just liberates you from this stuff. Live by the Heaven. Yeah,

Speaker 1  12:39
he's saying you have his permission to come to Him. Matthias, he's waiting on you.

Speaker 1  12:58
When you pray in the Holy Ghost, his words you don't even know you need to be saying. You just saying. They're just in there. They're the perfect language of God. He's hearing you exactly what, what you need to say, no, no chaser, no sugar, no nothing. My God, this is where I'm at. Yeah? True Blue. You. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  13:31
wow, yeah, he's thankful. I

Speaker 1  13:45
and all of this is his idea. And so you get his wisdom when you can't do anything else, Lord, I need your wisdom. Show me. And then when he show you, do it. Because, guess what, when you get if you get yourself in a pickle, he's gonna get you out, because he's the one told you to do it. Yeah, they're obeying Him. I'm a witness. You

Speaker 1  14:29
give him something to do. Matthias give him something to rescue you in or from or to, you know, because He's God, he's not man,

Speaker 1  14:46
yeah, yeah. And all of this is about your faith, which is growing, your measure of faith is growing, and you. Feeling it, it's feeling it, and that's a good thing, but that's the sign you're really growing.

Speaker 1  15:16
Whatever is making you uncomfortable, that's good, but that's a sign you're growing. You're not where you were, yeah,

Speaker 1  15:31
and it's all good. And my encouragement is this week, you carve out Matthias Miller time, not the beer. Okay? We're not talking about the beer. We talk about Matthias Miller time, okay?

Speaker 1  15:59
Miller time, right? It's Matthias Miller, yeah, and that's your time if you just sit and look crazy, but at least pray in the Holy Ghost while you're looking great. Yeah. And then write what you hear, or record what you hear Matthias, yeah,

Speaker 1  16:28
yeah, yeah, you're on track. And it's funny because when I when we recall the life of Moses, the life of Abraham, the life of of Joseph. It was crazy. It was like, You're kidding me. Lord, what are you doing? How did I get myself now we're on the outside looking in. We're the afterthought, the after view of it all. But imagine being them. Matthias, Noah, imagine being Noah,

Speaker 1  17:10
yeah, and he was building something for the human race. Moses was doing something for the human race. Abraham was doing something, you know, so when we have to do something the human race, I laugh, because I'm like, Whoa, God, you're amazing. You trust us to do that. I find it quite humorous. I do Matthias, everybody. Whoa, Lord. You really love us and have faith in us, because you asking us. I'm telling you, Matthias, but guess what? When we do our one little part, God blows that thing up. Matthias, that's what you gotta know. You gotta know God breathes on that thing. We don't make it big. He does. We don't remember that. Write that down and tape it somewhere. Don't make it big. He does.

Speaker 1  18:17
And that's your reminder. Your job is to do your part. That's it, yeah.

Speaker 1  18:28
How do you have a baby? Do you go find arms, legs and eyes and nose? That's not how you do it. Far from it, man, that's what you gotta think about Matthias, what's your part? Yeah, to your part. You don't even carry the baby. Yeah? You just feed the baby, house the baby, and clothe the baby. But all the other stuff mama got to do. She got to train the baby, love the baby, feed the baby, change the baby, live with the baby, eat with the baby, sleep with the baby, drink. You see what I'm saying. Besides, that is not your part. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, you're getting the picture. I am. What's the picture? Tell me what you get.

Matthias Miller  19:33
Well, I mean, okay, so, so there's two pieces to this. One is, one is when God gives me a seed just to act on it. And the other thing is, I think you've talked about this before, but I'm in the business of planting seeds, and I'm and I'm seeing good soil and bad soil. So and, you know, we talked about Angelica and where. She's at. So planted some seeds, and it's not the right soil for that seed, for sure, at this time, who knows, who knows what will happen. But then Tim's friend Jason shows up, and I planted a seed. And, you know, boy, this thing's almost growing too fast. Another, another friend, Jason, another. Jason planted, planted a seed with him and and, you know, there's, there's some things maybe growing there, like all I got to do, yeah, well, all I had to do with, with, with Tim's friend Jason, was, mean, I, I, I heard this thing about him, him winning training over Thanksgiving, and I didn't, I didn't get ready for it. And sure enough, he texted me, like, Wednesday. He's like, Oh, by the way, do you have any, like, podcasts or anything to listen to? I was like, No, I don't, but I got some paid courses you can log into and go through. And so all I had to do is provide the provide some water, provide some

Speaker 1  21:13
Yeah, pot some. Have to get repotted. I've got about 20 plants Matthias And I watched them. And some drink a whole lot of water, and some of them don't. Some of them, if the sun show up, they get scorched. I'm like, okay, you know what? I gotta move you, because you can't take a little bit of summer. You see what I'm saying. Besides, but I watch them, yeah, because I love them, and so it's like, we're going to relocate you. Is it too cold over there? You know? Turn them so they start growing in the other direction so they can balance out. Yeah, every day I look at them, because I love them, and I say, Hey, you're doing good, you know. But that's no different than people Matthias and God shows you how to do it, and when he show you do it and do it and do it and do it. Because we're all immature and we're all growing in something, you know, but I'm going to be consistent, because it's what he told me to do? Yeah, yeah, that's what he told you to do. And so you do it. You do it. You put it on your calendar, you get it done, even if you don't have anything, you say, Okay, you ready for another course, you may not even be ready, but you check in. Are you ready? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, and you're capable. You just got to do it,

Speaker 1  22:56
because in these next five years, sir, you're building and what does it take to build? And that's what you really got to think about. You really got to think about that. Yeah, that's what isn't that? What the builders do, they the contractors, they got to think about it, yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 1  23:29
Yeah, because you're in a different stage that's you're in the stage of building. And one thing I know, because I've been on many construction sites, and I used to work for construction company like VIV you got 500 lives. Yes, I do, honestly, Matthias, I have 500 lives. And I used to, oh my god. I was like, Oh my God. I didn't know it took this much to build. You know, it was crazy and and so my thing was, it was about keeping the office together and just keeping everybody together, you know, because we can get nuts. And in that I was like, oh, Lord, and I just begin to pray for the general contractor, because I'm like, Lord, how does he not go crazy? And the project manager, I'm like, how did they not go crazy? But my role was different, so I would have gone crazy if I had to do what they did, yeah, but I stayed in my lane and I did my part, yeah, yeah, that's what we have to do. We don't do everybody's part. Yeah, and believe me, some things went desperately wrong, but I watched how they brought resolution. I was like, man, you gotta really have goods and fall and spine and everything. Do this, this kind of work. So yeah, it builds something in you, and you're a general country. Actor, Matthias, in the software world and in the people development world, and you can do either at any given moment. I'm an auntie, I'm a great aunt, I'm a sister, I'm a spiritual daughter, I'm a spiritual mama. I got about 25 hats, but God gives me the grace. And it's not me being with all of them all all the time. It's like, let me get you straight. Let me set you up, you know. And then we were off and running because we got things in order for this particular thing. So that's what's important, and it's about you having things in order around what you're doing. You haven't, God said it, arithm and a system that works for Matthias, not somebody else's system, your system? Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  26:10
And again, I'm excited because you're growing, you're uncomfortable. That's a good thing. When babies get tired of poop being on them, what do they do?

Matthias Miller  26:24
Wine and fussing, dry stream

Speaker 1  26:27
and then. And then, guess what? When they start walking and they get tired of poop,

Speaker 1  26:38
what do they do? And some of them start taking their pampers off, yeah? And you say, Whoa, wait a minute. If you're doing that, we need to get you to the party. Yeah, that's telling you where they are. And so study yourself. Matthias, yeah, and see where you are, yeah. And be honest and say, God, I need help here. I need help here, and I need help here. And he's gonna make sure that help is there, saying it, you you saying it, you know, it's like the child pulling their their pamper off, and you saying, Whoa, wait a minute, you know? Because right now Valley, he don't like poop on him, so when he got a poop, you see him run into the bathroom now, and we run wired behind him, you know, to make sure everything goes well for them, But yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  27:56
So study yourself for a minute. You

Speaker 1  28:05
and just like you know how to dig people out of ditches and dig them out of potholes, if you find any potholes or ditches, you got to get yourself out of them or have a conversation with people. You know what I'm saying, Yeah, preferably the team, because that's what we're here for. Because you're not alone.

Unknown Speaker  28:40
What's your takeaway?

Unknown Speaker  28:53
Well,

Matthias Miller  28:55
here's a simple takeaway. I've been thinking about getting an easy chair or something from my office. And just found a, just found a leather, leather love seat that looks like it's in pretty good condition here. Okay, it shows you how these not the right term, but you get it. So there's piece one, piece two is, you know, another piece. Another challenge of talking with people is, there are people who have, I

Matthias Miller  29:45
there are people who have, who are, who are people who have answers and people who don't. And learning to discern, discern those who. Them. And I think one of the challenges I have is one of the

Matthias Miller  30:17
challenges that I have when it comes to I'm such a verbal processor, and we've talked about this too, okay, that sometimes it's hard for me to sit by myself in a corner and think about these things. Okay?

Speaker 1  30:42
And so you know what? Matthias, stop praying. This keeps coming up. Start praying in the Holy Ghost. Yeah, when you buy yourself, just pray. I'm telling you, Matthias, there is such a power in that. So just start praying in the Holy Ghost. Get your easy chair. Start praying in the Holy Ghost and just write, write, write, I don't care if you write 25 pages, that's you and God, that's you and God, I don't care if you write till your fingers fall off, but type tell your finger fall off, or record till your fingers fall off, because that's you and the master builder. You're not alone. Yeah, and I'm so excited because, like, honestly, Matthias, we never know what we need. We really know. And then when you start realizing, like, whoa, okay, I need to do this, you know, and it's one thing at a time. It's not 25 things, but it's okay. I need to do that, and then you do that one thing, and then I need to do this. And you do that one thing. It's one thing at a time, yeah, and it's all discovery, all of it. And you have permission from your father, my father, you

Speaker 1  32:29
this is about you. It really is, and it's well, because it is about you. He's doing all this for you, not invited. It's for you because of what you love, yeah, yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  32:54
it's well, and that's what you're doing. You're shifting gears because you don't like it being about you, like, I don't want it to be about me. But God is saying, Well, how are we gonna get it done? He's saying, how we gonna get it done. Yeah, stop fighting it, and flow with your father. You

Speaker 1  33:33
it really is well. That's what I keep hearing. I keep hearing that it really is well. And as you prepare a place for you and God Matthias, you're gonna be so happy. You're like, man, is it this easy? Up it is. And you have permission. Yeah. Yeah, and on those days where you have Matthias Miller time, make sure you write it like that Matthias Miller on your calendar so you can laugh again wherever you want it to be, but make sure it's about you creating your space for you and God, were you saying, I love being here. You see what I'm saying, where it's just an irresistible place, because it's what Matthias Miller love, okay, yeah, I'm telling you, Matthias, it works, yeah, the whole point of God creating everything he created was for us, so how dare we not enjoy it, right? Yeah, yeah, get your music going, whatever. I mean, it's different for different people. Matthias. Is, but it's my plant. I love my plants, and I have the most beautiful leather chair right next to those plates, and that's my spot. And sometimes I get in that chair and I'm telling Matthias, I think I'm sitting right. And next, you know, I'm frying chicken. Honestly, that's probably something I needed. You know what I'm saying, notepad, gamma, this, get my dictionary, get me this, and that got whatever I'm studying. Next time, I'll put my feet up on that item, and it's like, no, I wake up. It's the next one. I say, Thank You, Lord. Oh, that was so good. I don't I'm not mad at myself forgetting what I needed.

Speaker 1  36:01
Your first part checker, first partaker, sir. And you're the ox that's muzzling the corn. You're worthy of your higher Okay, gotta find that scripture. Yep, you're the ox spreading the corn. We're not going to muzzle you. You gotta eat if that means time with yourself having Matthias Miller time. You gotta have Matthias Miller, and

Matthias Miller  36:36
if it means pushing people's comfort zone on what they pay for my time. That means pushing people's comfort zone on what they

Speaker 1  36:45
know it. You better know it. You better know as far that's that's part of Matthias Miller time. That's part of Matthias Miller time. Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yes, oh yes. I

Unknown Speaker  37:04
no flesh and blood didn't reveal that to you that was the Holy Ghost brother did not reveal that unto you

Matthias Miller  37:20
in high school when we were playing her it was, it was in a shop or street, ball. Miller time was always the anytime I had, I had my move, my thing, what I did, shut them down. It was Miller time.

Speaker 1  37:41
Are you serious? Matthias, no, I'm serious. I'm serious. Crazy.

Matthias Miller  37:50
That's That's what was assigned to me by my classmates. Oh,

Speaker 1  37:56
that's powerful. That's powerful. Matthias, you need to put that in your office. It's Miller time. See, I'm telling you, Matthias, we got to do what we got to do, yeah, yeah. You need to put that up in your office. It's Miller time. Yeah, that's powerful. That's God, that's

Matthias Miller  38:23
uh, seem like this clock, this clock with with that on it,

Speaker 1  38:31
yeah, yeah, yeah, you need to do that because, you know, it's crazy. Matthias, I'm telling you, God will show you something that would trigger you, and it's so powerful, like, Oh, God, I totally forgot about that. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, that's still in there. Only he knew that. I didn't know that. Yeah, yeah. And every time you pick up the phone, it's Miller time, you need to say that to yourself, it's Miller time, kick it in, brother, kick it in. Turn it on. Here's

Matthias Miller  39:11
actually what I really need. I don't know if I can pick up.

Matthias Miller  39:20
Well, also got a great high school photo that would go with that

Speaker 1  39:23
thing. You need to do your thing. You need to do your thing. That's what you do, because you're preparing a place for you, and God Matthias is for you as much as it is for God. And that's critical. That's important.

Matthias Miller  39:42
You so how, how I kind of know the answer because I because we're chipping away at it, but

Unknown Speaker  39:52
yeah, how?

Matthias Miller  39:57
How do we really, how do I really genuine? We be okay with it being Miller time,

Speaker 1  40:03
because this is it. Remember, I talked about practice, right? Like everything God asks us to do is usually something we've never done before. Matthias, you're asking the baby to walk. The baby has crawled all this time, or maybe the baby didn't, because some babies don't crawl, they just start walking and and so in that you gotta know, like, Okay, God, I'm walking with you because, you know, I'm really uncomfortable with this. You gotta constantly have that conversation with God, but you don't stop walking. But you see, you don't stop doing because you're uncomfortable. You you keep it, you keep doing it in the middle of being uncomfortable. That's the key. You don't stop because you're uncomfortable. That's the cue that you're making progress because you're uncomfortable, because, guess what, if I'm comfortable, it's what I already know. But when I'm uncomfortable, I'm really growing, I'm expanding, and I'm improving, I'm moving forward, because I'm really going somewhere I've never been. Yeah, yeah. That's how you that's how you do it. You do it in the middle of it, in the middle of feeling anxious, in the middle of being uncomfortable, middle of being in our shoes. Just keep talking. You know how to close your mouth when you don't know. You know how to you know how to say, oh, you know, listen. Then as you're listening, Holy Ghost is going to tell you the next thing? Yeah, that's how you do it. You you, you do it by doing, yeah. How do you learn how to ride a bike? Get none that's it. And how many times do you fall? God only knows, knee cut up, elbow sore, chin might get busted, but I guarantee you getting back on that bike as you trying to learn, right? Yeah, yeah, you're learning.

Speaker 1  42:18
How do you know if the software is working? Use it. Thank you, Sir, hello, hello. Try it out. Pound on it.

Matthias Miller  42:30
Try to break it.

Speaker 1  42:33
That's it, she said, Matthias, push the envelope.

Matthias Miller  42:41
And I think here's, here's another piece to it, because I think part of the fear, just as an example, part of the fear of raising my rates, is like, what if I screw up? And like, they get mad. They're like, it wasn't worth it.

Speaker 1  42:55
That's not your problem. Matthias, that's not your problem. Why not? Is that a problem? Have do you have that problem? Or have you had it? No, but what? Where did that come from? And guess what? If something breaks down, you fix it. Yeah, isn't that how it works? I

Matthias Miller  43:23
so I have an expectation. I have an expectation. Is it realistic? That's not realistic, that it will be executed flawlessly and without perfection and with perfection and

Speaker 1  43:35
with and you know what? Matthias? That's a great expectation. But guess what? We live in 2020 right? Yes. Does stuff break down? Yes? Does a Tesla get a recall? Yes? Yeah, there's been report of Tesla's doing crazy stuff on the road. So, so what? We go in and we find out, why is it doing crazy stuff? Now, I know I'll never make another test, but no, as my family ready to make 500 or more, and we don't pay attention to that one particular thing, as my family make a spaceship as matter of fact, you see what I'm saying? Walk it out, sir, you're not the judge and the jury. You are the lawyer standing there making a case. Remember that, okay, you're just the lawyer making a case. You

Speaker 1  44:48
that's me. I let me tell you something I have no regular somebody coming back to me dead. What God said didn't come to pass. You know why? Because they know better. You. If God said it, don't you dare come to me talking about what God said. Didn't come to faith. You better talk to God. Yeah, yeah. We keep the main thing, the main thing Matthias. Then guess what? If stuff burns down, you you have some repairmen on your team to get over there and see what's going on. That's what you do. It's simple, yeah, does mate from does Maytag break down? Yes, they do. And guess who comes a Maytag repairman, and he gonna work with that thing, and then when he can't replace and say, Guess what? We're gonna give you money back. We can't fix this. Yeah, it's that simple. That's called the marketplace, yeah,

Matthias Miller  45:46
yeah. And this, this whole thing, if I had to boil this whole thing down, it's, it's a, it's a humanistic mindset. It's a humanistic orphan mindset that says that I'm on my own if, if it doesn't work out the way that other people think it should

Unknown Speaker  46:08
right on me, right? And that's the last from the pit of hell

Matthias Miller  46:15
and and when we're walking, I mean, there's this just this dance of walking with God and and when I'm on his assignment, he's he's my boss, and here's the heart, wow. And even, even, even when I screw up,

Speaker 1  46:40
it's on him, exactly. So go. Have added, seriously? Matthias, I can't, I can't lose because there is a path that I have to walk. So I don't care what you, you, you or you think I'm walking on the path of God. Hallelujah, rejoice. I'm grateful. Come on. Yeah, now you could breathe and live and try and create. Sir, yes, yes, free. You're free and keep telling yourself that, yeah, it's well,

Speaker 1  47:36
yeah, I That's exactly and denounce every time that thought comes. Like, no, that's not, that's not God. That's not God. Fight that

Matthias Miller  47:52
thing, yeah.

Speaker 1  48:02
Why do we have Apple stores? You know what? By the Apple

Matthias Miller  48:10
technology?

Speaker 1  48:12
Yeah, yeah. So you can come in and one of our repair people can make it or replace it, or whatever you know what I'm saying.

Matthias Miller  48:27
So here's another piece of it that comes down to poverty and performance thinking

Unknown Speaker  48:37
okay, is that

Matthias Miller  48:40
is pricing things so low without the expectation for things to go wrong. And it's like if, if, here's the project, here's what we're going to execute on, and it's going to go perfectly, and so we're going to price it as if it were going to go perfectly, which this whole thing, it's Anyway, like this is,

Speaker 1  49:06
and that's exactly what should be happening Matthias, but it's gonna go perfectly until something happens, and then you're gonna perfectly Go in there and you're gonna repair it. Yeah. Yeah, it's so simple,

Matthias Miller  49:27
but, but in that it's, it's this, is this thing that, like, it's kind of going back to that whole thing of, to be an expert, you have to be superhuman, or you have to be cold hearted, or you have to be, like, no, like, to be an expert. You have to be I mean, sure, you have to know your stuff, but you get to be you. You get to be human. Yes, you can. You build into your pricing, permission to be human. Yes, you do.

Speaker 1  49:54
Yes, you do. There's the answer, and you have the conversation. And that. Language, yeah, and I'm a phone call away or text away or email away, yeah, yeah, but I hold on one second. Okay, sure. Okay.

Speaker 1  50:34
Matthias, yep, this is somebody on the road that I need to talk to for probably maybe 15 or 20 minutes. Okay, not a problem. Is that good? And then I can Okay, yeah, not a problem at all. Okay, all right, bye, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai