Unknown Speaker  00:00
What we got, we got good news,

Matthias Miller  00:03
we got good news, we got lots of questions. That good news,

Speaker 1  00:07
that's good news, yeah, it's always good to ask. If you don't ask, you don't get an

Matthias Miller  00:15
answer. Yeah, that's very true. That's very true. All right, so here's a rundown of my day. Had a conversation with Richard, which is the kingdom minded unleashed CEO coach that I'm working with right now. And in his words, he's like, I think this is Divine Alignment, because what you're doing is like, three steps or two steps behind what we're doing. And we can help you show the way, and we can help show you the way of

Unknown Speaker  00:52
where we're going,

Matthias Miller  00:56
and talking very freely about what kind of languaging to use, and like how these people think and talk and relate and all this other kinds of stuff. He said, This isn't definitive, but, but we got some good stuff here, as far as, as far as what you can you know, as far as something for you to start, start working with and experimenting with. Okay, do and then, and then there's just a lot of, a lot of thinking time, I guess that I mean there's, or there's some thinking time that needs to go into that. And then the i with the then had a conversation with Robert. That one was like him, basically, I mean, I just shared him a little bit kind of where we were at, and he asked 1,000,001 questions, and basically said, let's, let me kick it around for a bit, and I'll let's circle up next, next week sometime.

Unknown Speaker  02:10
Okay?

Matthias Miller  02:14
And so in some ways, in some ways, it doesn't feel like I have any kind of major, any kind of major insights from any of that. It's more like, I guess, taking the next step in the process.

Speaker 1  02:36
Okay, and so good. No, you go ahead.

Matthias Miller  02:43
I mean, part of part of me is like, part

Matthias Miller  02:51
of me is like, Well, are we connected for him to mentor me? And honestly, I feel uncomfortable with that, not because of him, but just because of like, I know that his time is valuable, and what he's doing is,

Unknown Speaker  03:13
yeah, I don't know,

Matthias Miller  03:15
and I don't want to take advantage of that. I don't even know.

Speaker 1  03:20
Well, here's, here's the thing I always think about, time frame, timeline. And my question to you would be, do you know your next step? Or what would you desire your next step? See, what is your desire with him. No, not with Robert specifically, but everything you're doing like, but yeah, what's president with you?

Matthias Miller  03:55
One of the things that really resonated with me from what he said was, which is oh so true, is like you're a Quick Start and you're going to have to have conversations with people to figure this thing

Matthias Miller  04:20
out. The other thing I didn't talk about was I had a really good conversation with Ian yesterday, okay? And I borrowed some wise persons advice, okay, and laid a few things out and said, So, what do you think?

Matthias Miller  04:42
And he pulled one of my lines, and was like, Well, would you be open to some feedback? I was like,

Unknown Speaker  04:55
freedom.

Matthias Miller  04:58
Yeah. I. And so one of the things he said is like, Look, I know you're looking to, I know you've been putting work into scaling up the like, bringing on Mindy and doing some of that, but I would really like to see somebody who is really skilled at making the phone ring. And let's get me so busy I can't handle it. Did he? Did he say that? Matthias, yeah, he did. And he 100% got my attention. So I Oh, man, I just need help, like, figuring out where, where all these pieces, where do all these pieces fit together? So said was like, look, it's great, you know, it's great to look at options and ways of developing people. But you didn't say quite this, this strongly, but we were ahead if we just find somebody who was star at it and let them do their thing.

Speaker 1  06:25
Wow, wow, wow. So what is your thought about? Alright,

Matthias Miller  06:36
so here's the thing between, here's where I'm tore like, here's, it's the two sides of the coin. It's like Robert's Mo is he is going to research this thing to death, and by the time that he's done, he's going to be so certain and so confident. He already has a plan for how he's going to execute his culture thing. Like all he needs to do, he's just waiting on the economy to settle down a little bit and he's going to pull the trigger and do it like that's that's how he rolls and and I am not the researcher. That's not naturally what I do, and not, not

Unknown Speaker  07:21
that way. Okay.

Matthias Miller  07:29
So, so his, in his mind, he's like, Well, where's the his question was, and I think it was, it was mostly within the construction space. But he's like within this space, where is the piece that is going to be the most resilient over the next 24 months, that's going to be least impacted by by economic turmoil? Which is really sound advice. They said, you're only going to find that by having it based on how you roll. You're going to find that by having a, you know, however many, how as many conversations as possible. The next piece of it is, I don't even know what to do with it, if anything, but one of our applicants from our executive assistant search was

Matthias Miller  08:35
what was a Former Scentsy consultant who got to the top, like 2% or something through organic Facebook, okay, and and it, I guess it just made me realize, if nothing else, I don't even know, that the right person has a conversation with one of the things that did make me realize is that there may be individuals who are highly competitive and still hungry and and quite successful and would love a if the only upside that we can give them is not the only but one of the main upsides we can give them is a is a healthy culture to work in. I and like that, we could actually pull it off. I guess that was one of the big takeaways. I don't know if I should even

Speaker 1  09:31
that's powerful Matthias and desperately needed. There is a famine in the land for healthy cultures to work cancer. Yeah, that's on the money Matthias. And guess what? That's not a minor thing. Do you know how many people could care less about the financial benefits as long as I can have teeth in my. On as long as I have flexibility, as long as I don't have to fight nail and tooth every day. It's so many people. I mean, Robert said it best they're tired. It's like I can't do it anymore. And so Matthias, what happens is healthy cultures build successful environment, period. Yeah. I mean, that's where God lives. He doesn't live in chaos. He doesn't, he doesn't co labor with chaos. There is no increase in chaos, you know. And one of the, one of the mechanisms to get people moving is to keep stirring a mess. It's like, I'm out of here. I can't do it anymore. That's not unnatural. Matthias, that's not natural, and it's not healthy, yeah. And so people are in positions now they say, okay, you know, the place is shut down. I'm doing something that I can live with. You know, people are going to CleanLine and downside, because it's like, no, it's not worth it. It's not worth the grief. And so what I love about what God is doing is he stripping Satan of his power. You will not enslave the best of the best anymore. That was the entire explanation of Robin, no more. Yeah, yeah. People are getting on on their bandwagon, saying we're shutting that down. We're not, we're not functioning from that place anymore. And so you're on the cutting edge of it. And again, and now, you know, I got 5000 examples working with the women on the storehouse, the real storehouse. One of the young ladies called me today, and the Holy Ghost just drenched her with inside on the culture of the real storehouse. And I said, we have a group text. And I said, please put that on the group text. And she was the last person. She said, I've never felt this free before in my life, and the industry does. She's been, she's been in for over 12 years and and so I didn't offer her one dime, but it was the fact that I could think and I could speak, and I could implement, and nobody's gonna hold me back, yeah, and so I'm not taking the arm. How can I put it the normal, the normal way of building. Because if, when it comes from God, he's got to provide Matthias, you know what I didn't have when he asked me to do it. So I'm saying yes, because he he was Father enough to choose me, because he believes in me, and he knows my standard. My standard is not to beat people over the head. My standard is to lead and guide and encourage, lead and guide and encourage, you know, because that's what he does. He doesn't beat us over the head. He doesn't make us do anything.

Matthias Miller  13:07
Yeah, yeah, exactly. So

Speaker 1  13:09
it's about the Father's kingdom, Matthias And so where I am super excited. One thing I know about Robert, hey, money is not his focus, because if it was, he would have stayed in the real estate. I mean, I don't know what he does right now. I don't know you know where anything is with him in standing of what he does, but this, I know he's sick and tired of being sick and tired, and he's going to help people that are sick and tired. He's determined, because he fits on the results of people not being sick and tired. When you spoke to Ian is supposed to his heart. Don't take that for granted. No,

Matthias Miller  13:46
yeah, yeah, wow, yeah.

Speaker 1  13:50
So then you like, you know, you go back and say, Okay, this is what I'm thinking. And then say, tell me what you're thinking, you know, because that's what it is. It's always got to be symbiotic. It's always symbiotic. It can never be one way anything, because we're too diverse and creative. That's why I let the lessons. I let them loose. I said, Listen, anything you got shared with the group, there was no I'm looking for this or looking for that, because if God chose you, he knew what was in you, and so he want, he desires that thing to come out, you know. So we're just being stewards and facilitators of what God is doing, not what we're doing. Okay, God, thank You for this person, that person, this person, and everybody's leading us somewhere, and we should listen and take note and say, Okay, I got that. Let me. Let me take note of that. Okay, I guess, because I'm telling you, these ladies unleash. One of them asked. They said, Well, should we personally be giving to the real storehouse? I say, Listen, if Holy Ghost tell you to give, you better give. I said, because this is not Vivian, this is God. So you're. Giving to what he's doing, not what I'm doing, and we keep it all right? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  15:08
I gotta jump in. Can I jump in?

Speaker 1  15:10
Uh huh, oh, anytime. Matthias, I'm just gonna keep going and tell

Matthias Miller  15:19
you the mic. So, so the like, handful of things, one is one is like, one of the pictures that came to me so clearly this afternoon is like, is like. I mean, we think of ye though I walk through the valley of the shadow. This is like, but, but God knows exactly where those shadows are and which shadows are have things in them in which shadows don't, right. So this whole process has been a lesson of like, this walking capacity shows that was like, yeah. So tremendously powerful. Number two, as you were talking like the picture I see is like, this is like, such a kingdom perspective versus human perspective, but of there being an orchestra, because one the human wisdom says that when you have multiple coaches, they will, they will like, you'll end up being confused, and you'll do nothing, right? Really, what I'm seeing is like God has brought Richard into my life for one part of it. God has brought Robert in for another part of it. You're in it for another part of it. Yeah, there's other pieces that are evolving. And so really, it's, it's not even a puzzle, it's a it's a symphony, and like learning to tune my ear to the different parts. Yeah,

Speaker 1  16:37
you're on it, man, you on it. You're on it. If he if I would say I'd give you a high five. That's it. That's all the Word of God Matthias says in the multitude of counselors, plural, yeah, there is safety. Yeah, he's safeguarding you. Because the thing is that that big, you know, when I pulled these women together, let me see what is Stephanie, Beretta, Leticia, LaTonya, Renee, five heavy hitters. I'm talking about bad to the bone in their own right. How dare I try to steer them around by their noses. How about I respect and honor and have great regard for who I know them to be. And I told them that. I said, Hey, God chose you. I didn't sow something in you. And they just started, oh, my goodness, I was so blessed. Matthias, I say, Oh God, I'm so glad I obey because it was a shot in the dark. Viv I need you to build the real storehouse. That's all he gave me. And he said, and put an emphasis on real, where it's going to help people in a real way. And then it was Robert who told me, Vivian, they got to have some type of financial literacy going on, you know, I didn't get that far, but this is how awesome he is, how on the money he is, you know, when I brought the ideas to him, he's like, Oh, that's noble, you know, and I don't have a dime pot or window, but God owns it all, so I don't have to worry. I have to obey. Yeah, and you're descending. You don't worry. You obey, yeah, yeah. You leave worry for your competition. You leave worry for your haters. That's not your job. Hopefully

Matthias Miller  18:47
I'll just leave it forever. Hopefully I give it to

Speaker 1  18:49
Yeah, give it to him and never, like, take it slap, slap in the face. You know, dump it on their heads. For real. I'm telling you. Matthias, it's Kingdom time. It's kingdom.

Unknown Speaker  19:08
So I'm excited.

Matthias Miller  19:09
I'm excited too. I gotta run, run in the store. We can keep talking. I gotta run in the store

Speaker 1  19:14
and grab some stuff. Just call me back. Yeah, do what you got to do.

Matthias Miller  19:20
Okay, well, actually, I mean, I don't mind. We can keep talking if you're fine with that.

Speaker 1  19:26
Yeah, I'm good, yeah. But see, and now you see, you see, you see that wisdom of God ask in your thoughts, man and he gonna build a city every time

Matthias Miller  19:42
I think, oh, there's so much stuff in this, even too. And like, the simple thing about Robert, it's easy to put people in those types of to put them in some kind of category of, like, they won't want to have that conversation. Station, and they won't fill in the blank. And like you said, that obedience just makes it super, super clear that there's a lesson to be driven home, that there are people that are ready and waiting.

Speaker 1  20:16
Yeah, they're ready, and almost I'm gonna tell you this Matthias, I'm so glad I snatched up these women, because the world is about to be desperate for real kingdom leadership. Hear me, Matthias. And so when he tell you to to pull somebody's coattail, or he tells you to get make a phone call, you've been on the money, and I told you that. And so you don't second guess God, you go forward and let him grab you by your collar and say, hold up. But you don't put you don't put the brakes on. No, because I'm telling you, Matthias and I asked these women, I said, Okay, I need the rules. I need the framework. I need the boundaries for the real storehouse. And I say, what's a good time? Everybody just like, Okay, let's do it after Thanksgiving. Let's look at the first week of December. I didn't have to tell them that, right? I just followed the lead of God in these people, Matthias. I just steward what God is doing. It's God, not Vivian, not Matthias, we steward it. Yeah, yeah. So, so you shifting gears? Shift, you know? I realized like, as long as, Oh, hold On. This is Valerie's Mom. Let me see you.

Unknown Speaker  22:31
Thanks, Thanks, brother, yep,

Matthias Miller  22:35
not a problem.

Speaker 1  22:38
But look at this. You have an amazing problem right now, your problem is you got more than enough choices. I remember a couple of days somebody didn't have a choice.

Matthias Miller  22:53
Yeah,

Speaker 1  22:56
you got a wonderful problem right now. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  23:02
it's very true. And right on the heels of that conversation with, I don't even know when it was, No, it was this morning on my conversation with Richard and I got it, I got to just make sure I follow up on this. This is like so much stuff to follow up on, but immediately I had this name pop in, into my mind, of one of my friends that I connected with, somebody I connected with on Facebook, okay, to ask him, to ask him about this, and I pulled up. I don't know how I even came across his name. His name popped up because he was a sales trainer, okay? And then, come to find out that he was a, he owned us. He was president of a software company before, okay, in the construction space. So, like, anyway, there's all of these, all of these. So I haven't had the conversation yet, but

Speaker 1  24:03
Oh yeah, definitely. Man, that's awesome.

Matthias Miller  24:17
Matthias, that's fine. I would like a three copies on like the gloss prints, yeah,

Matthias Miller  24:33
I'll call you right back.

Unknown Speaker  24:36
Okay, fine, okay, bye, bye. Appreciate it. Yep.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai