Matthias Miller  00:00
Uh, doing good, getting some teeth in. And so

Unknown Speaker  00:07
that's not fun, like, I know how that,

Matthias Miller  00:12
but it's better. It's better that than throwing up. So

Speaker 1  00:15
there you go. And you know what? Sometimes you get the other end, right?

Matthias Miller  00:20
Good diet. That's true.

Speaker 1  00:25
Goodness, yeah, so, so, and, you know, are you with the children right now? Because, because you have that flexibility that if you have to attend to them, you know, just put me on mute and talk or, you know, whatever we need to do, because I'm slow.

Matthias Miller  00:43
I'm actually, I woke up super early this morning, couldn't sleep and decided to get started on some some projects. I'm actually, I'm actually going to a different office space downtown. Okay, we can, we can talk while I go. It

Speaker 1  01:01
won't take me, okay, okay. Well, anytime you need to pause, you know, just say, Viv, I need to pause you for a minute. And that's fine. That's good. That's fine. Okay, so let's start. Let's start at the top. How are things going?

Matthias Miller  01:20
So this past the past two weeks have been pretty crazy. Some some really good stuff. Thursday evening, it felt like a hit a bit of a wall, okay, and I just wasn't able to break through it, so I ended up Friday morning, I've got, kind of my favorite hideout spot at the house of prayer, about an hour from my house. And so Okay, went up there and spent the morning there, and probably about four or five hours into it, something broke for me, and and I just, I kind of took the rest of the day off just to I just took the rest of the day off, and then coming back on Monday, it took me a little bit to find My rhythm. But this, this week has been we have this week has just been moving like crazy. One of the things that that was on my goals, or one of the things that was on my need to see list, was being able to move away from the software builders income. Okay, and so we've got two large software projects that we're starting with my brother yesterday, got the got the go ahead for a reasonable, reasonably sized project for for one of one of our projects, the software project. And then there's actually a there's a third project also with my brother, that were started. And then last week, on Wednesday, I woke up in the middle of, like woke up in the morning just with this, it's almost like I had woken up out of a dream. I couldn't really tell what it was, but okay, woke up with this, just like this incredible anticipation of like the answer, just like the answer being imminent, okay. And later that morning, one of my colleagues called me, and he said, Hey, I've got these people who've been trying to get a hold of me for some work that they want me to do, and I don't have time for it. Would you, how about I hand over? What? What everything that they've built for it, and and work out kind of a royalty agreement, or, like, a percentage type agreement with it. And so we're doing that as a trial run too. So I've got that on my I've got that that to get to to, I think that could be a good fit as well, but I want to do a trial run just to kind of see how the sheet fits before I before I put both feet in. Okay, so all of that stuff has happened in the last. I mean, some of these things have been in the works before, but all of that stuff has kind of culminated in the last the last week and a half. So

Unknown Speaker  04:46
how are you feeling in the middle of all of it?

Matthias Miller  04:51
There's a lot of there's a lot of peace in the middle of it. Excellent, excellent. I feel with. This stuff, I feel a lot more congruent than okay, what I had been doing, okay? And it's, honestly, it's a bit exhausting the work that I'm doing, but it's a different type of exhausting. Like,

Speaker 1  05:14
yeah, okay, so intellectual exhaustion. What is it? Describe it?

Matthias Miller  05:21
Yeah, it's just like, I don't know if you've ever been in a in a place where, like, it's just, it's just an exhaustive mind. Okay? It's like, when you're sometimes, when you're, depending what kind of learning environment you're in, you're just taking all this stuff in and and your mind is just tired at the end of it all.

Speaker 1  05:50
And so then that requires rest, right? That requires rest that's exactly and that means separation. That means pulling out from the whole whatever it is, when, when I, when I experienced that. And I'll give you an example. If I do a truth seminar, or if, like yourself working on something, I have to absolutely shut it down Matthias, because my brain is like, either It's going 100 miles per hour or it comes to a screeching halt and it's like, okay, if you're done, you're done. And when that happens, pay attention and respond appropriately. That's what I have to do, and usually I haven't eaten, or I haven't rested, I haven't slept, or it's five texts I need to respond to, or 10 emails and I shut it down. It's like I'm not doing any of it, because that exhaustion is real and again. Remember our last conversation. Jesus hid himself. Yes, he hid from everybody and everything until he was ready to begin to manage it again. That's That's how we manage huge responsibilities we pay for ourselves. Yeah, oftentimes what we what we think with, ISIS. Oh, that would be awesome, but nobody's counting the cost. What type of mental exertion does that require? What type of emotional exertion, what type of physical so look at all those things, every project, flat equity, like you're doing. I know you're doing that, but I need you to be extremely intentional. Yeah, be intentional. And then, and when you get a chance and write that down. Be intentional, yeah. And so if this is a trial run, and what I love, you didn't say yes, you said, let me do a trial run that should be your, your process. Let me check it out. Let me check it out that that's important. You You are the main character in getting this stuff done, and you're just, you're you're more important than the project. That's good, yeah, and I want you to write that down too. Number one, be intentional. Number two, on my state of being is more important than the project.

Speaker 1  08:57
And because you're skillful, Matthias, and because there's a demand for your talent, you're never going to be without. It's about pacing yourself, and nobody can do that better than you. Yeah, and I'm telling you, I put Vivian on my calendar, but Matthias on your calendar.

Speaker 1  09:37
And if you don't do anything, Matthias, but sit down and look at the wall. That's your time. Yeah, it doesn't mean so that time, that space with stuff,

Matthias Miller  09:53
yeah, one of the things too, that I've been much more intentional about, like, especially yesterday, is you. Um, like, I spent some time just listening to just going on a walk, or Heading, Heading down to the coffee shop, or going down to the park or like those things, getting, just getting that kind of spontaneous downtime, or finding somebody to chat with,

Speaker 1  10:17
yeah, yes, and that's what's up. And then Matthias, when you put it on your calendar, I need you to take a picture and send it. I'm holding you accountable. I'm serious. And I want you to say spontaneous time. That means I could just color in a coloring book if I want to. I'm serious, yeah, it's your space that you can do whatever you want to do with, and if you do and and what I mean by whatever you want to do, it includes doing nothing. Yeah? Yeah, that's real. And then my other question for you, Matthias, who are you mentoring, or who are you discipling, or who?

Matthias Miller  11:21
I don't know that I really, I know that I really got anyone.

Speaker 1  11:28
Okay, okay, so there's three areas, someone you need you, someone you're mentoring, someone you're discipling, someone you're training Matthias. And what I mean by that, I have maybe two people in my life that I absolutely know I'm developing and that I can count on to carry some of my weight. Just think about that, okay? And what I mean by that, if it means recruiting a college student, if it means recruiting a nephew, recruiting a niece, recruiting a young neighbor, I'm talking about somebody who Would love to learn. You would find joy. Yeah, I uh,

Unknown Speaker  12:26
because that's a whole different kind of energy, and you're giving in a different way. There's, there is a saying that I've heard often leave the earth empty,

Speaker 1  12:46
and what I mean by that Matthias is, who can you pour into? And I'm not talking about somebody wasting your time or overwhelming your time and space. I'm talking about somebody who will be absolutely delighted to learn from you or to assist you as an in kind gesture. You know who? Who in your field Do you know that's much younger than you, still a student, still learning you?

Speaker 1  13:24
And if you don't know anyone, keep your eyes open. Yeah, because imagine having a protege and you say, hey, I want you to sit with me. Come on, I'm working on this project. And they come and they say, they come up with all these ingenious ideas. I'm telling you, if my one year old niece can get the phone and swipe her little fingers like she's looking for something, oh, they're they compact with abilities.

Unknown Speaker  13:59
That's a very unconventional way of getting some some simple help.

Unknown Speaker  14:15
What are your thoughts about that?

Matthias Miller  14:22
Well, it's good to be challenged.

Matthias Miller  14:29
One of the things that, one of the things that I faced with that whole idea, is that I

Matthias Miller  14:46
Well, it's easy to prioritize the project over that.

Unknown Speaker  14:52
It's

Matthias Miller  14:55
because of the because of the steep learning curve and. Um, I've sometimes been hesitant to even bother trying to bring anybody else in on it, okay,

Matthias Miller  15:15
but that doesn't mean that that's, yeah, I'm not sure, I think,

Speaker 1  15:21
but it, but it's something to keep on the table. Yeah, I'm not saying today, I'm not saying tomorrow, and I'll give you an example. I have radar for talent, Matthias, and I know for a fact that anything I do is better when I have a team, even though it's a nightmare developing that team. So I share that sentiment. I share the sentiment of, I don't know if I want to be as I want to engage with these people. I don't know if I want to be around so that a whole picture of it. However, I understand it's not me alone doing it. Yeah, it's God in me. In other words, these gifts, these talents, these abilities I have, they were given to me. And if I commit myself to saying, Lord, help me, show me who lead me to those individuals and leave those individuals to me. Those individuals show up, unselling Matthias, and I'm whenever, because my work is stressful and it can be, it can be overwhelming, because I'm engaging in others world, and I have to be super, super solid Matthias to do that. This is my child's play. This is an assignment from God, just like everything we're given in the earth to do Matthias that suits our gifts, that suits our talents. And so my eyes are always open for people's abilities, their their their possibilities, their what they could do in life and and you know what God is saying to me and how he's identifying these individuals, and so I, I hold on to that. I don't ignore it. And in the process, yeah, it takes a space of time to groom someone, to develop them, to to allow God to use you in the shaping and the molding of them, but yet, at the same time, building that relationship is where I continue, where they may not be ready for some things, but, but what's important is The relationship is being developed because it's easier to build when you're in relationship with people. Yeah, that's crucial. And here's and one of my takes is this, Matthias, in my work, I don't I'm not going to work with you if I don't know, it doesn't mean I work against you. It just means. The word of God tells us to know them that labor amongst us. Yeah, it's in the word. It's in the word as matter of fact, let me find the scripture for you. But yeah, Matthias, he said, Know them that labor amongst you, and I learned in my life it's much easier to work with people I have a relationship with. It doesn't mean we're Bosom Buddies. It doesn't mean we're socially always together. It just means that you're learning me and I'm learning you and we have mutual respect for one another. We we have admiration for one another. We love each other. We're respectful, yeah, and I'll say this Matthias there is some amazing new talent in the arts, and they're not our competitors, they're our future. Yeah, yeah. So it's a, it's a whole nother twist and a whole nother take Matthias, it's a whole nother twist and another take to moving forward. Just keep your eyes open. Just keep your heart open. And say, you know, like you're doing a talent I mean, a scout. You know, you consider yourself a talent scout. I'm saying, Hmm, yeah. Are there any neighboring. Uh, universities or community colleges or high schools, even you know where you want to do an internship with me. Hey, imagine what that resume would look like. I worked with Matthias on A, B, C, D, F, D, whatever your company's name is. You know what I'm saying, Matthias, that's that's investing. That's human investment. And I don't know why I'm on this tangent. It's what you don't know is

Matthias Miller  20:34
that part of the tech community that we're part of in part of our local community, we have, we have stem intern internships to help students qualify for two years of free community college talent right there.

Speaker 1  20:59
Go forward. It. And you, you, you hear from God Matthias, let Holy Ghost pick that person. Yeah, and I asked him, show me Holy Spirit, who, who should I pick or, and then the power of that, when you talk about the pool of humans for the internship. Guess what? Matthias, if it doesn't work, pick another one. Go down back in there and pick another one. But imagine what you're doing. You're enlarging your base and building relationship with no talent. What if? What if there is a corporation that's waiting to be born inside of you? Yeah, what happens when you're ingenious? Whatever it is, manifest into full blown maturity? Where's your support? Where's your help? Wouldn't it be awesome to have built relationships with these little ones, and as they grow, and as you communicate and as you be creative and do whatever you need to do, you know, I think about coaches and the time that they spend with their players. They build relationships Matthias and this is no different. Yeah, yeah, and then enjoy yourself. Because, hey, I'm going to hang out with the group and we're working on this and watch how this new, these new talents. Just, Oh, that's easy. I'm looking like what? Every time I have some type of new technical challenge, I talked to my 12 year old me. She goes, Oh, auntie, that's easy. Because, like I told her, I said, I don't like these updates, because they change stuff. Oh, man, you know, she said to me, she said, get used to it. I don't want to get used to it. I look good. I don't want to, and we laugh. She goes on team. You have to, because this is the way life is. I say, oh my goodness, she goes, but I'll help you. Don't worry. I'll show you. And it's a no brainer to her. Matthias, every time I'm challenged with anything, with my iPhone or my match. She goes, give it to me, Auntie blah, blah, blah. And I look, and I go, What did you do? She said, Oh, no, I just went in there. Now you can't even tell me how to do it. Yeah, that's, that's where we live, Matthias. We're in a new place. Go for it. On that time that you put Matthias on the calendar, look for your intern.

Speaker 1  23:58
Take them out for a cup of coffee, or go visit the school or go have a conversation. Hey, I'm looking for an intern. Is when I'm working on blah blah. I mean, tell your story. You know, now it's like having full grown children that you didn't have to feed, you didn't have to close. You know, it's enlarging your family. That's just a thought. Interesting. Yeah, it is. And what's powerful in our conversations, what I'm learning is God had been unlearning you for this reason, not just for this, but for the reason of expanding you. When he goes in and he prunes us, he talks about that in John, He says, You gotta be pruned to bear more fruit. If I don't prune you, you will not bear more fruit. You.

Unknown Speaker  25:03
But you're going to always feel the cut, just like your baby's cutting teeth. Yep, they're feeling it. You're feeling it. Everybody's feeling it,

Speaker 1  25:22
but it's a healthy growing pain, right? So that's the only way they come they hurt. Your body goes crazy, your balance, your equilibrium, everything is off. You know? It's just but it's life. That's what that's the appearance of growth. Growth is chaotic, always chaotic.

Unknown Speaker  25:53
What are your thoughts? And

Matthias Miller  26:00
uh, well, fright on Friday, which I was telling this story about I had, I had this idea there was a gentleman that I've, I've I've been friends with on Facebook, and kind of know what he's involved with. And had this, had this idea for for another aspect of the business, okay, kind of makes sense with my background. But okay, part of me is like, part of me was like, well, this, this could really be an interesting opportunity when I'm, you know, exploring different things that could be a better fit, but still use my skill set. And part of me is like, why am I? Why am I actually bringing another thing on board? But I'm wondering now I'm kind of flipping back around, and maybe that's part of the part of the maybe that's the project to start with, with the interns.

Speaker 1  27:07
Okay, and so here's the beauty of expanding your your your grace to think outside of your box. Like to me, your box is outside of the box for me, okay, but you see your world is like, out of the box for me, you're out of the box. Is that relational piece, okay? Where in your world, autonomy is king, and my world, this whole community stuff is king, like, I'm your community girl. You know, it's like, well, what do you do? What do you you know, I'm that person I would be if, if you and I were working together, you say, Okay, there's going go and visit the interns and tell me who the fit, right? I will be that. So I'm the social one. Yes, you. I'm the extrovert. Okay, we could put it in those terms. We'll just use those terms. And it takes you being autonomous and an introvert to do what you do, because you're that person you love is me and my world, and let me get it done. I'm the one. Where's everybody else in the world? We need everybody in the world. That's me. So the blessing of us having this conversation Matthias is it's time for the rest of your world. For example, your world does involve the entities that you're working in, however, your world involves people too, and I don't want that to be frightening or bring any anxiety, because, God, he's so multifaceted, and so are we. We're just as multifaceted. It's just we get groomed in one facet, we get trained in one facet, we get exposed and one facet, and then that's our comfort place, and then all of a sudden, you're like, what? Like he's telling me, oh, you're going to have to use technology. And I'm like, no, no, I'm old school. I'd rather write it. I'd rather do this. No, dear, stretch yourself, even if it means taking a class, even if it means being tutored, even if it means being mentored. There, we got to expand You. You. Believe this is part of your expansion. Matthias, people, I wish Are you somewhere where you can write this down? Yeah, but is it being recorded? Yes, yes. It is excellent. Okay, so your new expansion is people, okay, and not in an overwhelming, frightening, challenging way. It's not as challenging as it appears, because the word of God says he's put this treasure in earthen vessels, and what people don't or what people fail to realize. Matthias, our treasure, our people, its most precious commodity is what people, people, we can't avoid them. As a matter of fact, he instructed us to reproduce after our own kind, because he's so in the people business. He said, I want a whole bunch of you. I just want you to just keep making people and so Matthias, this part of you in this opening up. I am not throwing you over the cliffs. I'm not throwing you in the deep I'm saying just just open yourself up to that. Just stay open. That's pretty much what I'm saying. Stay open and don't come to quick conclusions. Write that down. No pre judgment. You. You no assumption.

Unknown Speaker  31:55
So what did I ask you to write down?

Matthias Miller  31:58
No pre judgment, no assumption, and don't come to conclusions.

Speaker 1  32:03
Don't jump to conclusions because Matthias, we don't know who people are until we know them. We don't know we always have those first impressions, and there's something that sparks our interest in building some sort of relationship, be business, be it social, whatever it is, we don't know. Matthias, I'm asking you to give people and leave 90 days and when in those 90 days, no prejudging, no assumptions, no jumping to conclusion. Because what if, let's say you you encounter someone, and you're thinking about some form of a relationship, whatever it is, and let's say their baby's teething, what do you think their days would be like? Would they be a little frazzled? For sure? So we don't know what exists in other people's world. Yeah, and when we don't prejudge, we give them room to recuperate. You right? For example, I there are some people that I'm in relationship because I'm in relationship with them, Matthias, I know when they've had a hard time at home, because I know their family. I know they've got a teenager. I know they have a preschooler, so I say, Are the kids not gonna go? No, this is what's going on. Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. So because I'm in relationship, I don't jump to conclusions. Were you drinking last night? Were you? You know what I'm saying. It's like, No, you got a you got a one year old and a 12 year old. How crazy is that? Yeah, so when we shut down the prejudice, the prejudging, when we shut down the assumptions, when we allow it to be what it is, and what I love about Holy Spirit, he'll always talk to us when we aren't jumping to conclusions, when we aren't making assumptions, we leave room for him. So this is all this does those areas that I'm sharing with you, they sweep you clean for Holy Ghost to have a clear Canvas to instruct you so when we don't prejudge, when we don't jump to conclusions, when we don't assume, that means wonderful room for Holy Spirit to say, wait or do? Go ahead or not now, or ask this question, or investigate this or research that, do you get the picture? Yeah, yeah, yeah, and it gives you room to breathe. Because here's the thing, what creates anxiety is, what if? What if? What if the what if will kill us, will kill a relationship. What if will kill an assignment from God? What if will will kill your purpose? What if we'll just kill whatever is trying to be born or burst? Can you imagine a mother carrying a baby? What if my baby? It's like, Well, wait. Have you seen the baby yet? Have you had your first trimester visit? You know, we tend to put our thoughts in wrong places. Matthias, so it's about managing our thoughts. Yeah, yeah. And it takes practice. This is not something that happens overnight. Matthias, when I first got saved, when I first gave my life to Christ, you know what I did? Lord, please don't let this happen. Lord, please don't I was it was all about telling him what not to let happen. And I will never forget. One day God said to me, do you think? Do you? Do you think I know what I'm doing? You know what I'm saying? With that, there was no faith in those prayers. There was no relationship in those prayers, because I didn't know him, and it was obvious.

Unknown Speaker  36:56
And what are your thoughts about that? I

Speaker 1  37:11
I can't hear you. No, I'm thinking, Oh, okay, no problem.

Matthias Miller  37:18
I think I don't even know where to start.

Speaker 1  37:24
Where is it start? Whereas there's no right where to start to start?

Matthias Miller  37:39
Seems like well, my experience that has kind of shaped me up to this point was very much driven by just a poverty mindset. And there's a handful of things that that or handful of ways that played out. One of them is there was a fair bit of pressure that got me into the career that I'm in. Because growing up in a rural agricultural community, there's, you know, when you have an opportunity to make something more than than minimum wage, you know, building storage sheds or something like that, then you jump for the opportunity. But, but what's continually been the challenge is that the career, the role that I was groomed for was was made for those people who like to sit in the corner and not talk to people

Unknown Speaker  38:46
and

Matthias Miller  38:49
and on one hand, that's kind of the person that I was shaped into being. And on the other hand, there was this conflictedness In my heart because, because there was always something, something inside of me that wanted to break out of that, and with that too, and Just another angle, as well as the fact that

Matthias Miller  39:22
I I have not yet seen a lot of fruit coming out of those types of relationships, in terms of, in terms of Practically moving the business forward

Unknown Speaker  39:37
and Okay, and

Matthias Miller  39:42
I'm not, yeah, I'm not saying that because that's where I want to stay, but I don't know how to sort all those species out,

Speaker 1  39:53
and it's okay, because it takes time. It's. Takes time to sort those pieces out, and that's what you're doing. You're taking the time. You're taking the time to do taking the time to do it. And here's the thing, Matthias, even though, when you talk about what was in your heart. Do you know God sees that, and none of it is in vain, even the place of where you come from and what you've seen and what you've experienced. Matthias, God is so pleased with you and so proud of you that it's hard to believe when the world puts ridiculous demands on us, you know, and the world is our world, our immediate world, and then the world that's outside of us, that the demands are inhumane and and God, and you know that it's like, this is not the way people should live. This is not the way people should engage. And that heart, what's in your heart, is, is God placed it there, and he'll, he's the route, he's, the path to getting us out of rut and environments that aren't conducive to who we are. And it's so interesting, because every time I speak with you Matthias, I get so excited, like, oh, you know, he's on a journey, and he's about to see the hand of God, and I can't wait, you know, for God to unveil it. And that's what's happening. You're being positioned for the desires of your heart, the true desires of your heart, the part that only God knows about. And yeah, and that's a powerful thing, that's a that's a beautiful thing, Matthias, and you're going to break all kinds of mold, because these molds need to be broken. And, you know, they do. And so, so we let him take us step by step. You know, we're not in a hurry, and we and we should take our time, and we should hear clearly, and we should count the costs and and we should look at the big picture and look at the little, small pieces, all of that is important. However, Matthias, you're on your way. Do you believe that? I

Matthias Miller  42:47
i want to Yeah,

Speaker 1  42:52
because faith, I just it's the substance of things we hope for, right? Yeah, yeah, and we should always be. We should always hope. Matthias, always How old are you? I'm 3333 you're a baby. Matthias, you're still a baby. I know you're a grown man. Got a family, but live is 20 something years your senior, okay? And I'm telling Matthias I still think I'm a baby, okay? And we are, we are we've got, there's so much that's going to come forth out of your life, Matthias, and you're the right man for the job. You know, oftentimes we think, you know, we have those moments. Why me? Lord, why me? God says, why not you? Matthias, why not you? And so flip it. Why not me? Okay, why not me, because that's what's in your heart. That's who you are. You're a risk taker. You really are, and that's where that ingenuity is. It's in those those, let me try this. Let me see if this that's you. Matthias, you are not the man to stay in somebody's box. That's not you.

Speaker 1  44:28
You're not going to conform. Yeah, and that's a good thing. I love it. And who loves it more is God, because he Matthias, if we don't open up, if we don't. And, you know, I'm always giving you these examples, because that's what gets stirred up in me when we have these conversations. And I'm thinking about Moses and the burning bush. What do you think he thought when he saw that burning bush in the middle of. The Dead, another set on the map. What did you think?

Matthias Miller  45:11
Probably, I mean, you know, my, my first thought, what he thinks is, you know, am I going crazy, or am I, like, saying things, or what's what's going down over here, exactly.

Speaker 1  45:21
Is this an illusion? Is this a mirage? What is this and that's the question you should always ask Matthias, what is this guy? What's going on? Why am I encountering this person? You allowed to ask those questions? Yeah, do you Yes? Okay, okay, and continue. Don't stop doing that. As a matter of fact, part of your homework assignment, can you write it down for the next time we speak, you're going to tell me, why are you and Vivian having these conversations? And

Unknown Speaker  46:10
you're going to give me an answer the next time we talk, if God hasn't answered it already, yes, okay, the next thing I want you to do is to make a list of everything you Haven't done that you desire to do.

Speaker 1  46:42
And I and I'll tell you why there, there is a faith in the earth, Matthias, that God would have you to occupy, okay? And what I mean by that, it's like we know that there are certain industries that are owned by certain individuals. We can speak to some of those industries. We know that if I can refer to them as territory, and that's how God referred to them in Joshua, he talked about the territory that he was going to give to each tribe. There is territory that God has already earmarked for you, Matthias, it's got your name on. There are innovative things that are going to be produced that have your name on it. And if you can remember what your children are going through when they're teething or going into the teen years or or just whatever their experience and Matthias, just think about every developmental stage, it's going to bring you peace, because every time we grow, every time you mature, we lose something and we gain something. Matthias, right? Yes. For example, try to put a 13 year old in their infant pajamas, what is spectacle? Right? Yeah, they might get their foot in the pants and it's like, okay, this is all we can do, because nothing else is going to fit. Life is no different, but that is when it don't fit. Don't force it, okay? That's in relationships. That's in choices. We say, why is this giving me the creepy crawlers? I don't want to do this. It's okay. Matthias, because it may not be a fit. Something not being a fit is not a sin. Yeah? Exhale,

Unknown Speaker  49:13
yeah, because it doesn't fit, try to put what's on shoe. Do you wear

Matthias Miller  49:22
the 13?

Speaker 1  49:23
13. I have a nephew who wears a 14. He's got your beat, okay? 13, Matthias, put your thirteens in a seven, and what's going to happen?

Matthias Miller  49:36
That's not going to happen. It's

Speaker 1  49:38
not gonna happen, right? You're like I can get my heel in that shoe. I guess this is what I'm saying. If it doesn't fit Matthias, don't force it. Yeah, and I'm talking about in every area of your life. Not just talking about business, I'm talking about you personal. And I want you to get a picture of your 13 fitting in a seven every time you enter the farmer. Say, why do I have the creepy crawlers? Then you're going to hear my voice. Matthias is not a fit. Okay? Yeah, yeah. Matthias, I'm telling you the truth, and I spend my time in a lot of places. Matthias, if I walk in the room and the door or wherever I am, and it's I think something is, if my peace is not there, I'm on alert. Yes, what do you want to show me? God? What do I need to listen for? I'm telling you we, we have that. We've been equipped by God. It's called discernment, yeah, yeah. And all of us have it. We just don't use it, or we ignore it. So God is expecting you to use your discernment. And then Matthias, what I love about you, I know you have a sensitivity. Well, you can say, Hmm, you can say just like, Okay, I don't know what that is. And then go back, when you're in your prayer time or in alone, you say, God, what was that? Why am I feeling it? And he may say, that person is a liar. That person has no integrity. That person is a state. I've had that Matthias. I've been in environments I'm like, Lord, what? Why am I so uncomfortable? And it wasn't because it was a new environment or it was different from what I'm accustomed to. There is a demonic spirit lurking here. Yeah, that's real. Yeah, we don't ignore that. Matthias, cool.

Speaker 1  52:04
And when you're uncomfortable, talk to God, God, why am I uncomfortable with this project? And he'll start spilling the beans to you'll say, blah, blah, and then have your penipaser, okay, okay, okay. He'll say, go ask this person that question, and go get more information about that. And I'm telling you, Matthias, this is real. You're equipped with it. Use it to the glory of God and to your benefit, yeah. What are your thoughts about that. Anything we've talked about, taking a few notes here, okay,

Matthias Miller  52:53
so, I mean, I've seen that on high alert recently. Okay, just yesterday morning on the way to the office, something wasn't right.

Unknown Speaker  53:05
And the phrase

Matthias Miller  53:09
that kind of kept coming back to me, or just kept coming to me, was was, I can't even remember what it was. It meant like, like talking behind like, people people talking behind people's back. And got to the office, and one of the guys started, well, actually asked for prayer. And I was, I was praying for him, and I and, and I just felt the, felt the urge to pray. Pray, you know, pray about that for him and and then find out that there's been this really bizarre community wide rumor that's has absolutely no origin, that I had no idea what was, what was actually going on. Okay, so, so I'm seeing that in high alert. One of the So, one of the questions with that is, I with that is the hesitation that I experience sometimes, I think, I think it's sometimes hard to know whether that hesitation is because of wild No, I think there's, there's traditionally, the traditional motivational advice about hesitation is just do it anyway, which isn't really good advice and it's

Unknown Speaker  54:27
hard to do. No, it's not no

Matthias Miller  54:32
whether that hesitation is because of an awareness that something that I'm thinking about doing would be taken the wrong way, or maybe not, why. I think it's basically that. But there's a mismatch between what I'm thinking about in the situation that I'm in, and I think, I think part of it for me is learning to take that hesitation and apply it and and then the other thought, too, that I've really wondered about is. Is with that whole thing of discernment. Sometimes it feels like this, this thing that I've been wrestling with, like I can't get this, you can't get it out of them, out of my mind, this whole thing of what we talked about last well, the poster I made and

Speaker 1  55:19
the I I don't know. The part

Matthias Miller  55:28
of me is like, I don't, I don't see this in the other part of me is like, this is more real than anything I know. But the kind of, the the angst, or the the I don't know, what of people who are, who have been so badly,

Unknown Speaker  55:44
I don't know,

Matthias Miller  55:47
just put in the wrong places for them. Yeah,

Speaker 1  55:50
yeah, yeah. And that that's a real burden of your heart. Matthias, you really want people to be where they belong, and we live in a world that benefits off of people being in the wrong place. We that's our culture, and it can be fierce, it can be violent, it can be unfair, it can be evil. Matthias, and there's a scripture that says, when the when the righteous rule, the people rejoice, and when the wicked rule, the people more. Yeah, and Matthias, you're being groomed to lead, and it's not going to be tomorrow, it's not going to be next week, it's not going to be next year. But guess what? Matthias, you will be one of those righteous leaders. And all of this grooming, all of this shit, I'm telling you, Matthias, I we don't have time today, but make sure the next time we talk Matthias that I share my testimony. I went from being a high school student at Illinois bell at the time, what's now AT and T was Illinois bill in Chicago and our phone system. I went from being a high school student working part time in my senior year to being a junior supervisor by the time I graduated from high school. Yes, and I touched on that at the Truth Seminar. And I was the supervisor over these evil women who thought, I've been here 100 years, and you dare not tell me what's right, what's wrong, what's progression, and what's not. And that's where God began to develop courage and confidence in me, Matthias, to confront the biggest, the baddest and the ugliest, because it has to be confronted, because it's not right. And there is a time and a season Matthias where it will be confronted, however God grooms us to make the confrontation so we can find comfort in that. Okay, yeah, he grooms us. Matthias, we we're being we're birth. We're being trained, developed and framed by God to shut evil down the uprooted. Okay, yeah, so that's what you're experiencing. You're experiencing God's boot camp. How about that?

Unknown Speaker  58:53
You're in boot camp, and

Speaker 1  58:59
we're going to talk more. So two things I want you, I want you to make a note of the next time we talk, along with the things that we need to talk about from your end. But there's two things I want to share. I want to talk about God's boot camp, and I want to talk about my experience of always being overqualified for every environment that I was in Matthias, with great opposition,

Speaker 1  59:37
down to making a double from I didn't Go from third to fourth. I went from third to fifth, and that every math problem they put in front of me, I mastered it all the way through calculus, Matthias And why am I not running the largest technical. Uh, organization or business, because that wasn't the call of God all my life. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah. I had to surrender to the call. Yeah. We have a call in our lives that that we were born with. We can do nothing about Matthias. I it so there's no way out. Okay, write that down. There's no way out.

Speaker 1  1:00:34
The only way is to go through okay, let's talk about it more. Yes, but I'm excited for you, Matthias, you, you've got, you've got some irons in the fire, and Holy Ghost is leading you, Matthias, and don't deny him that that opportunity and that place in your life, yeah, we'll talk. We're gonna talk. Yeah, we're gonna talk. Matthias, you're, you're right in the center of the will of God, I promise you. And all is very much well in your life. You hear me? Yep, I hear you. It's well, and you decree it. I don't care how crazy the people are around you. I don't care how crazy the situation all is well, Matthias, because you're a king, and it's gotta come out of your mouth. Yeah, it's gotta come out of your mouth. Yeah, it's well, well, it's well, I'm telling you, I'm excited. I'm so excited about who you are, where you are, and where you're going. And we don't have the time, but we will make Okay, oh yeah, we're going to make time. And what I'll do, Matthias, I'm going to go ahead, because the prophetic is so heavy on me right now. I'm going to speak what God is telling me into a recording, and I'll get it sent to you. I've got a couple of things going on this morning, and I probably won't be able to do it this evening. So this evening, all I need from you is a text there. Don't forget my prophetic word. Okay, yep, I'll do that because I could, yeah, I could put it on audio and then I can email it to you, but I won't be able to do it between now and about two o'clock because of some other commitments that I have, but this thing is so strong on me. Matthias hear me and I'm going to let it rip. Yes, I Yeah, yeah. I'm gonna let it rip. But between now and when I got a couple of commitments that I have to fulfill. And hear me, this isn't going anywhere, because all I have to say is, Lord, I'm ready to give Matthias His Word. Boom, it's that simple, Yep, yeah, yeah. Okay, cool. And in between time, any questions? Because you gotta write them down, Matthias, so you don't forget, just like you did that email, okay, and we're going to pick them apart. We're going to pick them apart. We're still going to deal with those things. But right now, you know what's important and what's critical. Right now is what we talked about, because God is doing some excavating. First. Makes sense. Oh yeah, oh yeah, this building is huge. What he's building in you? It's a mammoth. It is. It's mammoth,

Speaker 1  1:04:00
all right. Hallelujah, okay, brother, all I need from you is a text. VIV don't forget my prophetic word, because when I see it on my phone, I'll remember cool, yeah, and I'll just go forth and do that, blessings on your day, blessings on your household, blessings on your dreams, blessings on your vision. Matthias, appreciate it. Amen. All right. Love you, and I'm going to send you that prophetic word once I come up for air after one o'clock sounds fantastic. You're welcome. God bless okay. Bye, bye. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai