Speaker 1  00:00
Good. Are you doing breakfast? Are you doing baths? Are you doing brushing teeth? What are you doing?

Matthias Miller  00:08
I woke up this morning at three o'clock and I couldn't sleep. Wow. Four o'clock I got out of bed. I was like, well, we're gonna head to the office. So I got on a prayer call at five for an hour, and then went out and grabbed some stuff, and then came back and was on a on a helping some friends of mine with some Facebook stuff for an hour from 630 to 730 and then just got off a 30 minute prayer call with some friends here. And so that's so I'm enjoying my drinking water and getting my day day rolling,

Speaker 1  00:45
I'm not That's right, and breathing, you know, and wiggling your toes and saying, Okay, this is about me. I know how that is Matthias, because it's interesting. We're not on a schedule. It's thrown in the water everything. The majority of things are impromptu and spontaneous. And so the little voice that you hear in the background is Mr. King valor, and we're putting his little people on that he enjoyed. Which one thing that one okay, and he loves. It's certain things he loves in different languages, Matthias, so, yeah, yeah, if it's not in a different language, you don't want to hear it. And so, yeah, we studying this little guy and saying, Okay, we know he's some type of world leader, so you know, we just need to keep getting attention. I'm telling you, because he he's making a transition Matthias from a Montessori school to public school,

Speaker 2  01:56
or possibly being home, so we don't know yet.

Speaker 1  02:02
Yeah, and it's like we're kind of following his lead in the Montessori School. He was the minority, and we realized that his culture is critical to him right now, because he's he's a sponge, and, you know, he'll do things that he see at home, culturally that they're unfamiliar with in his school. Yeah, and, and so we see the clash, and he's been written up maybe seven times because he's rambunctious and he's curious and he's independent, and so he's a troublemaker in their eyes. And so his mom, we had that hard conversation with her, because she keeps saying, I want. How would it be? Cultured I want? And we said, Okay, we understand that. However, at a certain age, he has certain needs, and we gotta dive in and discern them. And you know, he's got a personality, for sure, he's He's his father and his mother, and so it's not a mystery, and it's worth so if you've been with me since the covid shutdown. Yeah? And we see a whole different kid, and Matthias, only God can present, yeah, we see a whole different kid who's, well, he's kind. He's always kind, but socially, it's Thank you. Please. Did you say, excuse me, so there's this mixture in this human being that we're yet discovering we see a lot in him that we don't see enough. And so it's exciting because his mom, you know, she's at her wit's end, because, number one, he's a boy only child, and his mom is very progressive. And just, you know, she had him late in life. She's 40 now, 40 something, and yes, so we got all that mixture. And when you talked about the children, the foster kids, not being motivated when they accumulated by investment. Serve them Matthias, they won't be. They gotta be. They gotta be discerned, and even salad like we have an online Matthias what we desire for him, but he also has through his own mind what He desires for himself. And we give him room for that, and we don't jump Well, you know, his mom may jump to a conclusion, but me and my sister, his grandmother, we're older. Her, and we know like, no, he's fine. He's three, and we're training him and developing him and her expectation is this little adult which does not exist.

Unknown Speaker  05:16
And so we're training mama and him,

Speaker 1  05:21
yeah, yeah. And when you mentioned, when I read your email, Matthias, I was so blessed, because God is shifting everybody, not one of us or two of us, all of us, and we're all discerning, and we're all learning. We're all testing. Well, Said, Okay, is this what you're saying? God, is this where I'm supposed to be? This what I'm supposed to do? You say this so well, we can easily be programmed because of somebody else's needs. Matthias,

Speaker 1  06:02
yes. And so we can, we can spring from wherever you want to spring from today,

Speaker 2  06:22
where to spring from, what's in your heart right now. It doesn't matter what's in your heart. What are you thinking about? What's on your heart right now? So there's, there's

Matthias Miller  06:42
been processing a lot in business. What is business like? I mentioned when last time we talked with my wife and I that I joined Pedro Davis community and been surrounded with a lot of Kingdom, Kingdom people, which has been really life giving and and since that time there's been, there's been one major project from two years ago that got resurrected again, and kind of re examining, there's another project from probably About six months ago that got resurrected again. And and working with my brother, there have been a number of projects that has come in from for him that I've been working with on him. So it feels like the software side is picking up again, and kind of finding my my space. The last two months, I've been focused on really honing in to, I know, just more mastery, I suppose, learning more, focusing more on, on the nonprofit side of things, not not seeing the traction that I would like there. But we're, you know, we have some, we have some ideas for how to narrow it down.

Unknown Speaker  08:06
Part of what's in my

Matthias Miller  08:09
part of what I was I was processing with my coach yesterday. He was asking, he was asking the question to just like, what, what is in your heart? One of the things that he brought to my attention is the level of intensity in which I show up in life. And because of that, it can be no it doesn't mean that this has to be the people that I reach out to and serve, but because of that, can be hard for them to because it's so heart centered, can be hard for them to kind of see that. So that was like something I've been processing like part of something, something too, that I've I've kind of popped up on my radar. We did a Dream Team Challenge and and one of the things that popped up again, I've always had an interest in the Colby and have thought about getting certified and making that more part of, part of what I do. And that's kind of bubbled to the surface again, I think there's a little bit of like, well, there is this thing. Should I spend the money on it? Should I is this? Is this the rabbit trail? Is it? You know, all of that stuff that kind of comes up with that. There have been last four weeks or so I've been listening to a lot of miles Monroe.

Unknown Speaker  09:30
Oh, he is the man.

Speaker 2  09:36
What a gift he was. Or is ability to the kingdom. Amazing,

Matthias Miller  09:41
yeah, like how I'm halfway Go ahead. No, you go ahead. I'm halfway through his he has this eight CD set on Spotify, on the kingdom foundations, or, I forget what it is, introduction to the kingdom, or something like that. And like, about halfway, halfway through those. Do

Speaker 2  10:02
you know? Do you know? Why tell me you're ready.

Speaker 1  10:10
You're ready when you have a ferocious appetite for anything. You're actually feeding something. And it doesn't mean it was malnourished. It just means it's time. Matthias, and one thing I wanted to share with you was that all of our experiences, one thing Holy Spirit is consistently saying to me, Vivian, I don't waste anything. I don't waste the time. You felt like you were a bump on the law, lost as a puppy like, God, I don't even know my way home. I don't know if it is home or Lord, what, what am I doing in this environment? And who are these people and and who and what do they represent? And say, I'm telling you, listen to this Matthias, when I, I was on a feasibility study team to build a Jesuit High School on the west side of Chicago, which is the most, one of the most neediest areas, so and that's where I grew up, and it wasn't maybe, When I grew grew up in that, you know, part of town, and what was interesting, but it's so powerful. I sat with Lori Lightfoot, and she had to give us the green light to build that school. Lori Lightfoot is private educated. In other words, she grew up in private school, and I believe her foundation is Catholic, I'm not sure. And what was interesting when I had to go, when I had to visit her law firm, because Chicago is a very, I don't want to say political, there was a what is bureaucratic, bureaucratic, bureaucratic city, like most in America, major cities, and she was a gatekeeper for people to build, and She wasn't the mayor. Mind you, Matthias was 2006 oh, we started the feasibility study in probably 2005 and part of that study, we had to visit gatekeepers in the city of Chicago, from law firms, property owners. I'm talking about big money, big big money, her law firm. When I went the waiting area was so ridiculous, Matthias, and when I got in, and it was a black woman we were talking to. And listen to this, Matthias, because everybody else at the table was not us. It was only two of us, me and her, and I had no idea of who she was. I just knew she was a big and a bad so I just knew that, but did not know she was gay. And you know, how you can, you can see some characteristics. Matthias, I'm saying, I'm thinking, sometimes we have to be a little tough. You know, just giving her the benefit of the doubt, but it was hitting my spirit. Is she a lesbian? I wasn't there for that Matthias, but Holy Ghost is always there. Yeah, and I'm telling you, I had to sit at the table and hear her put them in place. Okay, if you're going to do this, what about that? And I mean, she was straight tearing them off with her mindset of what had to be in place to build this Jesuit college prep school where now this may be, have been their fifth year of graduate, or whatever, but the kids are doing awesome, and the Jesuits said we cannot educate African American children. Can you believe somebody said that out of their mouth?

Speaker 2  14:16
I I lived through that Matthias. And guess what? My role was to close my mouth and listen

Speaker 1  14:25
the whole time I was at the table. I was at the table with some of the most prestigious millionaires in the Chicagoland area because they were connected to the bank owner. His name was Michael, oh, Lord, I can't remember his name right now, but anyway, he owned banks. He developed his own bank in the Chicagoland area, and he served all the underserved communities.

Speaker 2  14:52
Mike Kelly was his name, and he built this,

Speaker 1  14:57
this feasibility study team. Because the Jesuits have you jumped through hoops. If they that now, they'll do what they want to do, but when it comes to really serving, you got to jump through hoops to get to the money that they claim is for the poor.

Unknown Speaker  15:15
And you got to be the right poor,

Speaker 1  15:19
and you got to have the right connection. It was ridiculous. And Matthias, I told God. I said, Lord, you know, I don't like these kind of environments, not because of the level of influence, but God, their character like, I don't know if I could do this, and they set me up for that position. Matthias, they sent me. They said this because I was working with the Christian brothers at the time, and I they said that we want you to meet some friends, because they were building a school, and I was developing the culture in the school to make sure that they understood our children, that they understood our parents, that they understood the community. They were planting this Christian Brothers, middle school man, and so they knew I needed to be at the table. But they knew Vivian. If we told Vivian where we were sending her, she will not go. They knew that Matthias. And so there are some things that God know about you that if you had all the details, you would not do it. Yeah. And so you'll find yourself in almost like a mulberry bush situation, like, why am I on this path? Why am I revisiting this because he weighs nothing. Remember Joseph Matthias, and I need you to go back and listen to the story of Joseph in the audio Bible so so that you can continue, continue to do some things. You know what I'm saying. The beauty of the audio Bible is you can continue to do some things that you know you have to do physically, but yet it's in your ear. And so I need you to I need you to go back to the story of Joseph. The pit was a part of the plan. The prison was a part of the plan. The rejection of his own brother, blood brother, was a part of the plan to be in an utterly different,

Unknown Speaker  17:24
extreme system

Speaker 1  17:29
that was in the future going to enslave its people. I'm telling you, Matthias, God doesn't, he doesn't. He doesn't waste anything. And so now, when I hear things Matthias, when I'm in environment and people say things and they have no clue of my journey, they think they're talking over my head, but they are actually speaking my Language. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I know more than you. Give me honor telling you Matthias I was I went to the Christian Brothers Institute at St Mary's College in California, in these cities, like I get them confused when I haven't visited them in a while, in my mind, but it was I would have to go for two years, for two weeks for the Institute to be a graduate of the Institute of the Christian brothers. And they called me a Christian brother, sister. And so I, God had me at the feet of the Christian brothers on how they develop schools on how they how they partner with cultures and communities. Because they, you know, they used to have schools all over the world, and it was, it was, it's been an amazing journey. Matthias and I, when I would be in California, Moringa, Moringa. Moringa, California is where I had to go for two weeks for two summers in a row, Matthias while I'm there again, the only sister most of the time, and it might have been two of us, and these people did not know the difference between me and them, because we belong to God, Matthias, and that's the difference in all things. When we belong to God, all things belong to us, Matthias, even the things we've never seen before, the environment we've never encountered before, the people groups we didn't know existed. I'm telling you, Matthias, all of this is time for God's master plan for you. You and your household and the children that he has entrusted into your care, Matthias, and you don't have to know nothing but Christ and Him crucified, and in most cases, that's all I knew, because that's what God wanted me to know. He didn't want me to know the history. He didn't want me to know the bureaucracy. He didn't want me to know that he wanted himself in those environments. Matthias, yeah, it wasn't about where we come from. It wasn't about what I knew. It wasn't about my gender. It wasn't about my life, my death life. It was about this is to the glory of God. When Paul had to go to Samaria, he said, I must need go to Samaria. He couldn't rest until he got to Samaria. Jesus could not rest until he talked to the Samaritan woman. So the unrest is not always pretty. It's not always proper. It doesn't it doesn't always make sense. Matthias, God, in his infinite wisdom, is connecting dots that we could care less about Matthias, but because we bear his name, because we bear His glory, because we bear his character. And no, we are not Jesus Jr. And no, we are not perfect. We are flesh. We are flesh and blood that God has decided to come and abide in and live in Matthias so he can get into certain environments. Jesus had to be a Jew so he could deal with the Pharisees. And it's not, you see, he could have been anybody, if God wanted to use a donkey or Jackass to say the world, he could have did it. He chose a Jew, and he had reason because of the political climate. And we got to know that in Matthias, I hate politics, but it's necessary. Because if God is a ruler, government is necessary. But what kind of government is it and who's in charge? That's what it's about, yeah, and that's why God is going deep and down under with you, and got you revisiting stuff, and got you hearing things like, man, that's triggering this I was, I was 12 years old, helping my dad. You see what I'm saying. It's like all of this stuff is being unearthed because it's time, and you can manage it. You can have a decent conversation with Holy Spirit. I said, Wait a minute. Now. Tell me why. Tell me why. You know, he said, Come let us reason together. We are not slaves. Matthias, we are fine. We're co laborers. We have a seat at the table for real. You with the real king in the midst of a very superficial culture.

Speaker 1  23:35
And you have crazy discernment, and you pay attention to it, and when you ask the question, Lord, why am I here? He gonna break it down and then make sure you take notes. You can say, Okay, God, I remember on this day when I was going such place. You see, it did that. That was my life. Matthias. He was so prominent in in my journey that I had to consistently a question, thank God, why I'm in the city of New York? Why? Why? Why am I in Pennsylvania? Why am I in Florida? Why am I in Virginia? Why am I in Iceland? Why am I in Spain, and I could care less Matthias, because I'm about the business of living and managing life.

Speaker 1  24:28
Yeah, so don't get overwhelmed with the changes which I hear the peace of God. I hear the peace of God in your life, in your heart. I saw the peace of God on your wife, Matthias, you protect that, and you feed that. And here's your, here's your here's your cue when you don't have peace, peace is your umpire. You see God faith, Father, why do I. Not have peace about when this is not what should be the norm. Why do I not have peace about okay, this child is attached to this one. Why do you see what I'm Samantha is questioning, yeah? And feel comfortable doing that, because that's what children do. Yeah, Mommy, Daddy, why do I happen? I don't, you know, they go through their little whining and they do what they do, but let's give them a rationale, valor. You need to do this because you're nice. This is what you say to people when you're nice, Alex, you say, excuse me, we're showing him the difference between what's nice and what's not nice. We're not saying bad. We're saying it's not nice because your your foundation is nice. Valerie, your foundation is good. We say this is good, this is not good. And Holy Ghost teaches us that, because if God's going to take over the world, who is he going to take over the world with Matthias?

Matthias Miller  26:28
That's gonna, gonna be the all those people who don't follow the rules and who don't sit, who don't sit nicely, and who don't

Speaker 1  26:37
you gotta say that 10 times fast, that's exactly who's gonna do it. The ones that say nope, that's not right, and I'm not doing it, or no, Holy Ghost told me not to, and I'm talking about it's some things that people call good. It's not good anymore. It's not believe. Yeah, we're that generation, Matthias, and I'm the mother of that generation, and I'm going to steward and nurture and develop every single heart I can to do what God told you to do, because had not Joseph prepared those files and prepared those storehouses for seven years, everybody would have died. Matthias, yeah, because the famine was coming and it was not televised and it was not broadcast.

Unknown Speaker  27:43
Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  27:46
So every structure he tell you to put in place, every foundation he tells you to pluck up and yank up and redo it. Matthias, you don't owe anybody anything but love when you do it for the sake of love, when you do it in a spirit of love, it is well, even if they cut your head off and put it on a platter. John, yeah, it was good. It was good that you confronted him and say, How dare you? How dare you do that? It's evil. God sees you. Yeah.

Speaker 1  28:38
And so God is entrusting you with what you know about him. Matthias, to manage all this chaos. He does his back best work in chaos. The earth was void and without form.

Speaker 1  28:56
He does his best work in the dark. And these are dark times. So you're on schedule, Matthias, even in what you you you love, even in what you hate, even what you say, I am not doing anymore, even in when you say, I'm about to start doing this. I'm telling Matthias, I keep my great nephew for $20 a day, and now that his mom's car is in the shop, it just stopped, just stopped. And so now that his mom's car is in the shop, I keep him for $20 for 24 hours, go figure. And, you know, I laugh because I say, okay, guy, you really know how to humble her, because here she is paying $1,000 a month from Montessori school, but giving her her aunt $20 Keep them from seven in the morning. Come on. Matthias, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's my blood niece. That's my sister's daughter. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  30:15
I see them. I sing with them. I'm potty training them. I'm learning who eats Matthias. That's priceless. You can't pay me enough.

Speaker 1  30:32
God pays what's right Matthias. He always will, and he always does. Because you know what, when a riot break out, and if one of your children just happened to be visiting a friend, and they were not there for that, and a riot breaks out, guess who's going to live and not die and declare the works of your kids? Guess who's going the fire going to come close to them, but they won't get burned. Guess who going to end up? Might end up in a flood and they don't drown. Come on? Matthias,

Unknown Speaker  31:10
priceless.

Speaker 1  31:16
Yeah. So in the natural it in most cases, it's unjust. However, in the spirit realm, brother, we got a bank account and we got a checkbook. We can cash in on it anytime. Because let me tell you something, when I cry out for children, God answers Matthias, and he's saying, How much do you love them business? Because he it was crazy. Okay, I said, No problem. This is my great nephew. But guess what, if you can pay strangers $1,000 think you better, you better hear from God about what you're going to pay your great aunt for keeping your son from seven in the morning till five at night, and now for 24 hours because your car is not running. Yeah. But he trained me for this. Matthias, when he put me in a daycare network for four years, he trained me for this when I watched a transition and had to, had to manage a daycare in a public housing building that was in transition to be torn down, and so transitioning the hurt and the Pain of those families having to leave a pit that they should have never lived in, but that was home. Wow, yeah, so he don't waste nothing when I had to walk into these hallways and the stench of blood and the stench of urine and the stench of death and the stench of pain and the stench of confusion and the stance sense of Lost Souls, and go in there. Matthias, the first week I started on that assignment, I had to take off for two weeks. I was so sick. My system broke down. Wow. I was so sick. Matthias, I was like, Oh my God. He was like, Vivian. And I told, God, I'm not going back. He said, You have to. He said, You and Matthias, I would go there in the morning so nobody got there and would just weep and say, God, why number 1am, I here? And why is this happening to these people? And then he would have to speak out into the playground and decree and declare life decree and declare laughter, decree and declare joy. And I had no idea they were about to demolish these buildings. Matthias, I got that one later. No, I didn't know it. I didn't know it was on the map to be demolished so they had abandoned it and neglected it.

Unknown Speaker  34:13
The city of Chicago,

Speaker 1  34:17
yeah. And so when you look, when you're dealing with these children, it's not just them you're dealing with. You're dealing with their lineage. He's somewhere around and look in the room. Sam, go look in the room. I think he's been in your toy box or in Nana's room. Yeah, go in your toy box and look and see if he's in you. And so, yes, Matthias, all and all of that, God will still ambush you with all of it. And he and guess what, he'll train you in the midst. He trained Joseph in the pit. Joseph was, Joseph was not prepared to be thrown into a pit. He. He was prepared to rule. Last he checked he was the son. He was the numeral Ono one, the last dream he had. But where's this pit come from? Trauma personified, and your own people put you in the pit? Yeah, true. And so that's that. Okay, okay, no problem. Down. Go looking in Nana's room. Did you have them in there? Okay, go look. You have to look. You have to look, where did you have I apologize

Unknown Speaker  35:40
that man is mission

Unknown Speaker  35:46
and so thanks. Say good morning. Okay, say good morning to my friend.

Matthias Miller  35:54
Hey, good morning. How are you? Oh, yeah, I lost my Batman. Oh, dear, that's not good. Did you find it yet? Did you find

Speaker 1  36:07
him yet? Oh, okay, did you we're gonna look for him. So I'm looking for Batman. Okay. Matthias, you're

Matthias Miller  36:15
done. First of all, sounds like reruns of conversations at our house, the i couple of things, jumping way back, talking about value and being misdiscerned, I guess is maybe one word to use it. It feels it's been really frustrating to me to have people like I don't understand. I know that there's I know there's value inside of me, and I know that's like, like, no doubt obvious and everybody else and all that, but I understand that, and I have people around me who recognize that. But then it felt like I'm going into a group of people who don't see that and, and it's hard to anyways, so some like, part of, part of what you're sharing, I'm kind of like processing that context as well, like, like showing up with, with the awareness of Christ and, and I guess, I guess it's really winning them over.

Unknown Speaker  37:25
And it was that,

Speaker 1  37:26
yeah, with you really, Matthias, because it's you they're receiving. They don't know him the way that you know him. And he knows that, and he knows if I could send anybody I'm looking for. No, okay, no, go in and look, get it, look and see if he's under the cousin. And so, Matthias, it's like he's sending them. He's sending them. You, Matthias, and you are perfectly the one, even in your frustration, because and we go back to that Jesus said, How long do I have to deal with these crazy people? You know? What else do I have to show them but Matthias? We plant, we water, and God gives the increase. And he was under the covers exactly where I told him Look the first time. Okay, yeah, and so that's what he's got to learn about auntie, that when she speaks, she know what she's talking about. And that's growing there, you know, if Auntie sands under the bed. It's gotta be under the bed. You know, God is doing with your environment. Matthias, he's proving who you are, and he's proving who he is. And both are necessary, and that's where I want you to breathe, because hear me, when he was with the disciples for three years, they still didn't get it. We don't have that kind of time. One man plants, another man waters, and God gives the increase. And yet we get increased. But we could increase in places we didn't plant, and then others did increase in places they didn't plant. And so that's none of business. You know, we throw the seed out there, and I do not if it's grass or whatever it is. I don't stand over the grass and say what you haven't grown yet. I get it. It's gotta have water, it's gotta have sun, and it has the times of God. And if you don't bring it out of the ground, it's not common, yeah, and that's where we gotta leave it. Matthias, we keep the main thing, the main. Thing, and we ask God for His grace to keep the main thing, the main thing, because we love people. We have relationships with people. We love places. We have relationships with places. But I'm telling you Matthias, to give you a little secret, I'm pressing like to totally not be at the ministry that I'm in. Well, thank you, Lord for shutting everything down. You just gave me a nice vacation. You know what I'm saying? Remember,

Speaker 1  40:36
and we got this nice furlough, you know, this nice sabbatical that we wanted, but we didn't know how to get it, and got to know what to do. Don't worry, I got you, and that's with everything I like Matthias, do your part, and your part is enough, and it just so happens you're a bonafide leader. You're a young Joseph. You're a young Jesus, where at 12 years old, he was breaking it down for him. Like, Listen, this is really what all of you wonderful, wise, intelligent, astute people need to do with your wonderful selves. Yeah, as well. That's what he was doing. Matthias, yeah, yeah, yeah. So look at the parallel sir and on them, Joseph and Jesus, sir and Joseph was the type of Jesus. And Jesus was type of Joseph. Oh, yeah, own it.

Matthias Miller  41:55
So something else that that you know kind of as you were talking, jumping back a little bit again, like about the God doesn't waste anything, all the confusing pieces. One of the things, one of the things I heard, is that that somebody without this level of intensity wouldn't be crazy enough to do what I'm doing, and, and there's part of the part of what you're saying here too, is like, there's the whole unwinding of the principles of this world that are because I would, I would never, I would never give advice to anybody who wants to build a business to go into the nonprofit sector. There's that sector as a way to like, that's not where I would tell them to go exactly and and that's the war. Because I feel like there's still kind of this war

Unknown Speaker  42:44
between

Matthias Miller  42:47
the the the because I'm in this with a with a with the profit motive. I mean, I'm not just doing this for whatever, but

Unknown Speaker  42:58
exactly, but

Matthias Miller  43:00
then and so, like, there's this, it's almost like there's this war in my there's this war between kind of, what I've been, between these, these human principles, and sometimes even questioning, like, is this really where I'm supposed to go? And yet I can't really escape fact that it feels like, you know, either, either, either God has set me up to be here, or I've been deceived to be here. It's a cosmic joke. So it's either going to be God or the devil

Speaker 1  43:32
exactly, always. And guess what? He gonna use it all Satan for evil, and God uses it for good. I'm telling you, Matthias, he wastes nothing, because what will happen when what I love about God, he names us. You know, Jesus is the Son of God. Jesus is the bread of life. Jesus is the many breasted one. He's El Shaddai, he's Jehovah. You know, he's all of these things, and that's because whatever he needed to be, he was Matthias, and that we're no different. We're made in His image and in His likeness. He was the first fruit of many. And this is what I love about God, Matthias. There are times, you know, there were times where the money that I made was ridiculous. Matthias, you know, God set me up where I was getting a $5,000 bonus a year for where I was working, and I was making crazy money, and I invested and I saved, like, I forgot how much it was. I think it was $21,000 in a matter of months, Matthias, and he had me in these environments, because he's like VIV I need you to see what it's like to abound, and I see I need you to see what it's like to to be a base, and I need you to see what it's like to have power and authority. And I need you to see what it's like. When you are just powerless like, God, You're kidding me. Are you allowing this and and so those spectrums that I've experienced all counted for what I do carry it. There's a sum total of Vivian Matthias. And let me tell you something I don't advise a not for profit on anybody Matthias, because it's a nightmare under the system that it has to abide by. And then it's a, it's a, to me, it's like a catch 22 and I'll be honest with you, the majority of people that I know that have them, they have profit businesses, and they are investing in that, not for profit, for the sake of those who have a desperate need for those relationships. It's not even a thought of mimic me doing this. No, you are to be a business owner. You are to be creative. You are to discover your gifts and your talents, and you're to go for however, when systems are already in place, Matthias, that is what people know. And so when God is undoing a system, he will put you in a system. Joseph, wow. He will put you in it and let you eat sleep and drink it and discern it and know the nuances of it. Oh, yeah. Matthias, I can be at a table with somebody and they are talking straight garbage, and I'm listening, listening no facial expression, saying nothing, because I'm a prophet. Matthias, if I'm nothing else in life, I'm called to be a prophet. God made that clear to me, Matthias, I'm sitting there. I They haven't heard from me in seven meetings. The eighth meeting, I opened my mouth. They almost want to get under the table or run out the door. How dare you. And I'm giving you facts and I'm talking practical stuff. Yes, I am a spiritual being having a natural experience, and they don't know that. But I need you to understand, if somebody's sitting at this table and you had no clue who they were and who they were connected to. And so he does it over and over and over again with me, Matthias And I allow him to morph me into whatever he may need to be. Right now, I'm the nanny of a three year old, $20 a day. Yeah, and when I leave this and when I leave this house, and when, you know, on the weekends, I try to go home, and when I go home, Matthias, I don't want to talk to anybody. I don't want to see anybody, I don't want to hear the news, because I've been on watch, not just with but my hands have been freed to be on watch. What's going on in these different states, what's going on in this nation, what's going on on this level of government. You know what's going on in Matthias life. I have the liberty and the freedom I answered to no one but God, Matthias, and sometimes that looks like making $20 a day. And I wouldn't give that freedom up to nobody Matthias, but he makes sure he pays me. What's right? Matthias, okay? And so God is teaching you. He's training you. You're in his militia,

Unknown Speaker  48:56
your party, his army.

Speaker 1  49:00
Yeah, when people get through talking, that's who you got to answer to. And he was and he said, you need not know how you going to respond to any person, but when you open your mouth, I'll feel it, yeah, yeah, that's you. You're real ambassador. And guess what? You're undercover, and stay undercover for as long as God allow it. Yeah? Because most people that I deal with, they don't know the level of my development in Christ until they see me in certain environments like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, I say, yeah, yeah, yeah. Taught me how to close my mouth, Matthias and just blend in there. Shut up. Don't nobody need to hear from you today, yeah, and so you're spying out some land for God. Matthias, you're spying out some land. You're spying out some environment. You're being introduced to some things for the sake of the kingdom, regardless of if they are believers or not. It's about the kingdom Matthias. If you change higher, it's about the kingdom. If you're cooking eggs, making toast, it's about the kingdom. Because let me tell you what Valerie does when he would go home every night. You know he he's just we know what he loves. So okay, he has this shark all weather jacket with a shark head on it. You know, the hood is the shark with teeth sticking out. And he loves this jacket, and so he'll put it back on. It's too big for him because, of course, we got we buy stuff so you can wear it for four more years. Valerie, so we don't care. We roll it up to your neck, and he's on his way out the door. He says, Wait a minute. I forgot something. He runs to me, hugs me tight, I love you, and kiss on me. He runs to his manner, hugs her tight. We didn't teach him that Matthias that's in his heart. Yeah, yeah. It's so much in them, we don't know. And he'll put his coat on, he'll get his backpack, and he's at the door. We got his little mask that he refuses to wear, but we put it on him anyway. He snatch it off anyway. And Matthias, he gets to that door and says, wait, wait a minute. And that's his little thing. Now we know that means I forgot something. I don't know if he put an extra sugar on it. You know, it's huge when it looked like I'm walking out the door. He's only three. How does he know that?

Speaker 2  51:58
Yeah, yeah. Wow.

Unknown Speaker  52:14
You breathe.

Speaker 1  52:17
You take it in and say, Okay, God, I'm doing this. I'm doing that, but this now what I want to do. You know how many times I tell him, Matthias, what I don't want to do? Oh, God, I don't want to do that every year. Oh, God, no, I'm, you know, I'm still in my leg, and he knows to run, and he knows I can't catch up.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai