Unknown Speaker  00:00
Okay. All right, thanks.

Matthias Miller  00:06
Go for it. Yep, we're on. Okay. Go for it. Okay.

Speaker 1  00:09
So when you said you want to scale the design, I saw the grace on that, and I thought to myself, that's something most people don't think can be done and be done. In the questions, how should it be done? All right, so, and I can tell you some of the key parts of design. And I mean, if it's okay, I'll ramble a little bit and just let you organize it. Is that cool? Yeah, absolutely. I love it. Okay. So, okay, so when it comes to software design, there's a couple of angles we can go about this. Of course, the the heart of design is love. Everything in the kingdom is regard to love. And let me kind of break that down a little bit. So our goal in software is serving people, which is, you know, service is the expression of love. And the way I work that out when I'm doing design is to put myself in the other person's shoe. It's like, it's the golden rule. So if I'm working with a, let's say I'm working with a, let's just make something up. So there. So there's a business that's a coffee shop in there. Mean, to manage their supplies and the baristas is the one who has to do the ordering. I want to imagine I'm the barista, and having to use this. What am I looking for? If you put yourself in that person's shoes and make sure that as best as you can imagine what they're doing, imagine it would what it be like toward them. Look at it from their eye, and if you like it from that lens, you probably have something good, yeah. So you have to be, you have to be user centric as much as you can. And that's a fundamental part of the design, and and some and you, and you can sometimes just use it a little bit like, you know, if you, if you're Nike, you don't make shoes without wearing them for a week. If you write software, at least go through the exercise after you create it, of clicking through the screens, pretending you're actually using it. Yes. So okay, so that's putting yourself in the in the users shoes and and then sometimes you want to go the extra, you know, a little bit further, and just watch them use it, at least for a couple clients. You get a feel of kind of common issues. So that's, that's the thing, of putting yourself in the other person's shoes. All right, all right. There's an another, um, another couple things I want to share. God is the ultimate designer. And I love how many, how much of good design is in nature. And there's so many, so many simple constructs that are super helpful. So there's a simple thing of repetition that's incredibly important, like, if you see a tree, you know it's a tree, and you know you shouldn't just run towards that. Why? Because while the tree has this, this brown trunk and the green leaves, and even though everyone looks different, you know that a tree is a tree because it has that commonalities and there. So that's, this is super basic, super obvious stuff, but sometimes common sense doesn't get missed. And so if you have five things that are similar, then you want to, you know, have something you repeat pipeline. I know this a little bit abstract. It can be as simple on, you know, it might be as simple as making sure all your buttons are labeled with new if they're all creating new entries, right, right? The word new is that repetition. It's it's repeated because it's similar, just like the the tree trunk is colors repeated for every kind of tree. Alright? So there's that principle nature, there's the other, yeah, um, and there's more we could go in there. I don't know that we need to right now. Then the Okay. And then as far as business design, Steve Penn helped me tremendously when he said that the that a good database model matches how the business thinks of it, and that's the essence of good design. So if you get that and nothing else, you're well on your way. So, so it's simple things like so, so if the business uses the word supplier, they use the word supplier, but if they use the word vendor instead, it'll just be easy. If you use the word vendor, if they if they have, you know, and then if they have a description of a vendor, like the. Put something on a company record, if they don't think of it as part of the company, but they think of it as part of a vendor. So Right? But you just, you want to model your design after how they think about it, because what software design is ultimately meant to represent the real world, and it must be grounded in the world, real world. You want to use the nouns from the real world.

Unknown Speaker  05:26
So, so that's, that's really a key part of it. It's just doing it like, you know, like, like, they think about it.

Speaker 1  05:40
There's Okay, and then two other principles that are helpful, and these are contradictions, and so this is where it's sometimes the hardest for people to get it right. So there's two principles you have to follow. One is you have to believe that what the user wants is the right thing. And secondly, you have to believe what the user wants is not the right thing, right? So true is the software you're creating is for the user, but they have certain assumptions say that they're bringing in, and sometimes you just have to think about that a little bit, and they may, they just might not have thought of a different way. And so sometimes you can dramatically cut down the cost of them from implementation by just proposing a different design than they're bringing to the table, right? Because they're not technologists, so they're not going to be asking questions. They're focused on getting the job done. Not so much, you know, reevaluating everything, and not everybody seriously, not everybody is visionary. Like a lot of people just accept the world as it is, and they just haven't developed the skill thing, or maybe they don't have enough attitude of saying, This is what my life is like, to wonder how what my life would look like if I would tweak this and this, that's actually hard for a lot of people. And so as a designer, is to ask a couple of those one what if scenarios to say, what if we kind of switch this around a little bit? Would that work for them?

Matthias Miller  07:18
And so really, what I mean, part of what this comes down to is emphasizing, I mean, this is just one lens of looking at it, but part of the premise of the Colby index is that high performing teams have a healthy distribution of a variety of talents, right? Unless they're working independently,

Unknown Speaker  07:40
right? But

Matthias Miller  07:43
when there's when it's interdependent, then we've got that. And so in this context, I think one of the things that we found is what I will naturally bring to the table in this is, have we considered these? Here are three ways that we could do this, right? Which one is actually going to fit them

Unknown Speaker  08:00
the best, right,

Matthias Miller  08:03
versus and digging for the underlying need. So one example is wanting to have drag and drop file upload client pushed back on our initial proposal. And I was like, well, maybe we could let them upload it to an archive document and then sweep it out for them,

Unknown Speaker  08:25
right, right?

Matthias Miller  08:29
And so those are, those are the types of, that's the type of process that you engage with in the design,

Speaker 1  08:36
right? Yeah, right, exactly. And I think, I think another important piece of really good design is understanding how they're thinking and why. So if they say, We want to, we want to add a 10% to for this one client that's don't just implement a 10% add on like just say, why? Help me understand why you're adding 10% to these sites, because you can do so much a better job. Because, I mean, and as they will think of the exception, because that's not their job. Their job is doing the business. And of course, there are exceptions, and they know those exceptions, but they probably won't think to articulate them, because they're probably not trained in software development. They're not development. They're not, unless they're not mathematicians or coders, they would probably won't think so much about the exception. Or lawyers, they will, right? But most people don't. So yeah, so that's part of the reason you want to get to the heart of it, like, understand what they're thinking, why just and it's simple things like, can you help me understand the reason behind that, or help me understand why you did this and not that? Just to get understanding so that you can, yeah, so that you can better meet their needs. And then I think there's one other thing that. See sometimes or sometimes way too often. I I see people who are Alaska to design compromise too often, to like well that they say, say, We should do it this way, but and they say, well, that's too hard. And I said, No, it actually isn't.

Unknown Speaker  10:18
And guess, I'm not quite sure how more to elaborate on that.

Matthias Miller  10:25
Where does the perception of difficulty come in? Is it? Is it actual cost, or is it perception of cost? It's

Speaker 1  10:33
you, if I find it's awesome perception of cost that, and I don't, yeah, and maybe the cost would be different for someone else, but I usually find that at least there's a lot of times where I see the better design is not actually any more expensive than the inferior design in the long run, it's actually a little bit cheaper because you don't have to redo anything and everything set

Matthias Miller  10:56
right. And so part of that comes down to, if you're looking at 8020 of senior designer, part of the senior designer, then can be the, well, okay, so, so let me back up a little bit. One of the challenges with our approach is that we're training people who don't actually have experience in the platform, so so they understand design from a user interface standpoint, and learning more and more, you know, how does the system think and work, and all those types of things. But they can't trace that all the way down to, like, literal implementation,

Speaker 1  11:31
right, right? And I wouldn't necessarily want them to, yeah, I mean, because I see the fundamental part, well, there's a couple parts. I think the interface design is really a key part of it. And I think the object design is a key part of that, once they object any database model, so that's where you need them to be good. And I think if they get that right, I think you're good. And this is a whole different level of design is, I mean, the support, this is a this is more cookie cutter than building on most software platforms, right? Because you are basically designing a set of reports and a set of screens. So I think it's really more about interacting with the business. This that kind of design where you interact with the business. So rather than where you're sitting thinking philosophy, philosophical, poetical things about code, for weeks on end, is this is applied to line, so the one other like one, okay, so there's a couple of good resources that you can have people look at as well when it comes to design. And these are super simple ones that are easy way, easy ways for you to get people started. One is, I would recommend Joel Spolsky as a user interface book, just to get them started thinking about it, or a different user into Facebook. But those are, those are, these are all about cultivating the sense of the obvious. And then the other book I highly recommend is the design of everyday thing, things, which is the psychology of design. It's applied psychology of design, and it's that's two is really simple things about it's one important mindset from that book is that you don't blame the user. If it's not usable, you blame the design. And another thing is that you just need to absorb, observe, and those are very fundamental practical skills. And the nice thing is that you can, you could tell people, go, please read this book. And that's all involving that. Or, if you have a couple people, you can even say, I want you to read this book together and chat about it a little bit and then and move on. I think that would work. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  14:01
I like it. Oh.

Speaker 1  14:02
And then one other piece of it is that people will learn as they go, right? So you just, you know, and this is what you understand, way more than most people do, is the idea is that sometimes the eaglet doesn't fly until the mother Eagle pushes the eaglet out of the net. True Eagle just have to be there to touch the eglet And yeah, and so you understand that way better than most people. And you, you tend to believe in people more than they do. So I think you have a, you know, a good starting point here. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  14:34
that's

Unknown Speaker  14:37
superbly helpful.

Matthias Miller  14:40
Superbly helpful. I'm going to dig this recording and I'm going to make them listen to it. Okay, good. Do you have any more thoughts on? Any more thoughts? That's, I mean, that's, that's, those are thoughts on, like the on the design aspect of it. You say you've, you've been more on the side of, how do we actually, how do you replicate yourself?

Matthias Miller  15:22
And I guess one of the things that I've wondered sometimes is, if there's this, there could be value in cross pollinating with investor tools. As far as some of the things we're working on and experimenting with is what

Speaker 1  15:40
we're doing, right? And I think there probably would be, I don't know how that might practically work out. Yeah, yeah, okay, cool. Sounds awesome. So I think that's yeah, good, okay, yeah. And for myself, like, here's what's really interesting, my like, the ways I learned good design were actually, well, okay, some of this personality, like, I just hate when things aren't right. Like, it's in it. Like, the strength is that I want to push for that excellence, and I notice the little things. But the weakness of it is that I can't, I might not be satisfied with something that gets an A minus, right? Because I that little piece of it bites me. I see it when decorating my home like that. Blind is a little crooked. I hate that. Well, yes, maybe it's not perfect, but is that the most important thing to work on right now? So, so I have a personality bent of wanting or of noticing a little piece I want. So that naturally helps. But I think probably one of the things that has helped me the most is just being a student of good design. So, and this was early on, like I I was using JavaScript. I was working with JavaScript back in the like 1987 and I was learning good object oriented design through it, like I was using the work of good designers. And I just noticed that what they were doing, and then I emulated it. So this, there's a very simple way of doing that is find the apps you love, and then just study how they did it right? So simple, but it's just whatever app you love. Just open it. Look. How did they organize it? What can you know, do they use tabs, you know this, or you might be to the checkout process. I love this checkout process. It feels so easy. Well, where did they put the controls. How many steps did they have? What did they label the button are the text boxes above each other or next to each other. So it's so basic that if you're a student of good design, you become a good designer.

Matthias Miller  17:53
So there's a term in marketing called Funnel Hacking, where you basically there's stories of prominent marketers who, even as kids, they would see infomercials offering free things, and they'd ask for the free things, and then they'd get these phone calls with the upsell trying to sell them onto, you know, programmers, subscription or product or something like that. And they would simply try to reverse engineer what these marketers were doing. And it's still, you know, that's still you know, that's still very common in the marketing space, is like, you know, and they call it Funnel Hacking. But basically, what you're saying is, it's the same concept, except it's design hacking. So, right? And, and in the, in the non techie, non geeky way, hack it like, which was the colors, is it that like, what like? And break down all the details of what it was that made it, made it so amazing, right? Yeah, definitely. I have a simple example. I got a fully Jarvis desk, and it's the only desk that I'm aware of. Oh, first of all, assembly was simple, but it was one of the only desk, I think probably the only desk I've ever gotten that had the exact number of screws required

Unknown Speaker  19:04
for the desk,

Matthias Miller  19:07
and most of them for whatever reason. I don't know if it's because of, you know, poor manufacturing process or what, but many of them will include, you know, extra screws. And you get to the end, you're like, Well, what are these for? Did I are the extra Should I keep them? Do I need to throw them out, like, what do we do with them?

Unknown Speaker  19:23
So things like that. That's helpful,

Matthias Miller  19:27
good, yeah, I think, I think that's, that's probably the answer to my question. I'll probably have some more questions for you, or some similar things that surface. But I think, I think that's, I mean, that is supremely helpful. Okay, excellent, good, awesome. Appreciate it. Attacking you. Yep, likewise, not too late. Here just me.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai