Matthias Miller  00:01
I'm honest, I'm having a little little trouble staying in peace.

Speaker 1  00:12
But here what? What's challenging your heart? I

Matthias Miller  00:26
just again having a super uneasy feeling about our cash position. Oh, okay, okay,

Speaker 1  00:37
and so and so. So the call today, first and foremost, you're going to be tremendously blessed by what, because Robert does Renaissance, and when I reached out to him yesterday, he he read to me what God had given him, and it was dealing with coaching, and it was crazy. And so here's what I want you to do. Number one, I don't want you to fear. Number two, I don't want you to violate what the Holy Ghost is telling you. For example, your position is what it is, and the blessing is you this door being open for you to have this conversation, and then you knowing what to do from there. Because do not, do not. You're not anxious about anything, okay? Because when we get anxious, we give it to God in prayer. Okay? And so when you are anxious, that's the time to give it to him in prayer. Lord, I give you where we are financially, you know, and then have this conversation. And when we get on the conference line, you can record your on your side as well. So I'm recording for that. We have, you know, documentation of the call, and in case you guys want to go back and listen, but it's going to be short and sweet with profit, because it's just going to tremendously bless you and but do not violate where you are dispositionally with your cash flow, okay, yeah, because then you're not, you're not, in other words, there's no force anything. But this conversation is going to be extremely a powerful blessing for you. And Robert is a jewel, okay? And so God knows there's anxiety, you know, the anxiety that's there, and the anxiety is real, and we give it to God. We give it to God. It's not a bad thing to be anxious, but it's bad when we respond to life from anxiety, yes, okay, we're going to have these feelings. They're real. We're human. Yeah, okay, okay, so when you hear him, you are tremendously going to be blessed and and so that this call it aid is for you guys to get you know, for me to introduce you to one another, and then you to take it from there, in the sense of conversation. But do I mean one thing about Robert and this, I know you can be extremely honest with him, guys, so you don't have to put up any facades or anything. He's just this amazing person, okay? And you're not in this alone. And it's interesting that God would put Robert on my heart, and it's interesting that you guys are having that conversation today, quick and fast. Yeah, he is a shot of life in the R, yeah, yeah, and he's mature and he's positive and he's super, super experienced, and so in you dialoguing with him, Matthias is going to be a tremendous blessing, and I want to know your thoughts about it once you Guys conversate. But you know, today is about you setting up that time and saying, okay, you know, we got each other's phone numbers on the text from there, and then you go from there, but, but God's going to blow your mind, because he's amazing. Yeah, he's amazing. And Holy Spirit said he was going to surround you with people that would be that around. And so you're not making a commitment to anything, but what you are doing, you are listening, you are hearing, and you are having conversations about what you're hearing. Okay? You. Yeah. And so, anything else you want to share,

Matthias Miller  05:15
yeah, one of the other things that I heard over the weekend too was i

Matthias Miller  05:27
i feel like at some point somebody was when you were going back to this question of what is proven in all of these things I don't even know, but like being asked to assemble teams like beyond some of the some of this just that looks like broken to assembling teams. So there is another kind of random piece. The whole piece of what you said about anxiety is good. About meeting with Robert is

Speaker 1  06:00
good, yeah, and so. And the beauty is, when you talk with him, light bulbs, bells and whistles are going to go off. Matthias, because God has put in Robert's heart to bring change in the earth. Matthias, he ain't no joke, yeah. And it's nice to be in an environment where people with that same focus, and it's nice when you're building to have people around you that can speak to what God is telling you to do. Matthias, that's where God is taking you to that place where you now have wise counselors around you. And so Robert has this assignment from heaven. When you hear it, it's going to bless you, and then it's just going to bring you a lot of peace, because he's speaking to a whole bunch of us about transforming, you know, our roles and our parts and transforming how business is done when you hear it, it's going to bless your mind. Because I was in shock. He said this, can I read something? You know, after I had reached out to him and he read, was like, what? And then I got so excited. And of course, everybody needs a week. And I was like, Lord, I need to talk to Matthias. But I knew he was going to talk this morning. This man has clean hands and a pure heart, Matthias, you know, and we want you. And I had talked about, actually, I don't know how old Robert is, but I know he's not a boy. Yep, he a full grown man in his experiences and things and so what happens Matthias, what I love about God is when we are stepping into something that's so much bigger than us, he going to send some big folks to make sure you walk in those shoes. You see what I'm saying, and this man can do what he do with his eyes closed. And there's so much to learn from him, you know. So I don't know what God is going to do and what God is going to say, but I do know this, you are not in this alone, and that's what you need to understand. All of heaven is backing you up.

Unknown Speaker  08:32
David, he thought he was by himself, but heaven was backing him up. I and everything that pertains to life and godliness was inside of David and on the path of David for mighty men and everybody you know, you remember David's mighty man, yep,

Speaker 1  09:03
so what I love about God, he owns everybody and everything, Matthias, and when he say, take the territory, we gotta fake it.

Speaker 1  09:19
So I can't wait for you to hear because what was interesting, he deposited those things in your heart, that coaching and that whole peer group thing, okay, and so and so. What I love about gamma five, I'm telling you like I just had a meeting last night with my my Trustees for the real storehouse. That's something that God that's an arm to the school of women, that that the Lord is instructing me to build. And these women were so on board. They blew my mind, Matthias and there. Like, well, what are we, you know? And I said, Listen, we gotta set up the rules and structures. I say, this is not a we gonna meet every week. Meet every two weeks. I said, this is about getting this done. And see, he had me reach out to women who could get it done. You see what I'm saying? Yes. So this was not jiv got this whole burden on her back. No, this one was like, Oh, my God. They were so excited. We only met for 20 minutes. And so, you know, so this is what I'm saying. Matthias, this is what God is getting ready to do with you. You need insight, you need revelation, and you need strength to do what he's telling you to do.

Speaker 1  10:48
And it's not you doing it. It's God, and when we give, when we do it like that, beyond understand, it's not me building the school of women. It's not me doing this arm that he just show me that need to be a pastor so he even know the body part of What he gave you.

Unknown Speaker  11:14
Okay, yeah, and denounce fear. And find your scriptures on fear and put them in your pocket.

Speaker 1  11:35
Okay, okay, all right, so anything else you want to share before we get on the call today?

Matthias Miller  11:57
What I mean? What should I have

Speaker 1  11:58
ready for that? Nothing but yourself. And here's the two things, when you hear because I'm going to have Robert share what God showed him, and then from there, you, you guys have a conversation about, well, let me tell you what he showed me. You see what I'm saying is that something, it's not you. There's no commitment for anything going on, and there is no invitation to anything. Y'all just need to be talking. Yeah, that's what this is about, okay? But yeah, you don't need nothing in place, but bring yourself and bring what God told you. Yeah, okay, yep, alright, that's, that's all it is, yeah. And then you guys go from there. And if I need to be on the call every time you guys on the call, that's fine, you know, sure. The thing is, it'll be challenging for me to do zoom, but I could definitely do, you know, phone calls. Yeah, yeah, but we don't know what he's doing. We're discerning, okay? And that's what you say. I'm discerning on what God is. You know, telling me to do this is what I had in mind. Now that will not be said today, because of the time, you know, because he said he had 15 minutes. And so this is the Connect, so that the conversations can happen. So there's no promises, no ask, none of that. It's like, whoa, because God, getting ready to hit you upside the array. He's right below your head off Matthias, yeah. Okay, all right, and then we can talk after we, you know, after the call, yeah, if you have time, because it's all about your time. Okay, yep, yeah, but record the call when we get on it at eight, because I'm going to be recording from my end, from the conference call. Okay, all right, let's do it.

Matthias Miller  14:02
Okay. So you said, I just want to make sure I got

Speaker 1  14:06
the time right, eight o'clock. I mean, 10 o'clock Central Standard Time. Let me go back to the text, yeah, because he's, I mean, 10 o'clock, yeah, he told me, 10 o'clock Central. Standing, he said, 11 o'clock, his time,

Matthias Miller  14:23
yeah, so it's nine o'clock.

Unknown Speaker  14:28
It's 10 o'clock, my time, Central

Matthias Miller  14:31
Standard. Okay, something goofy with my calendar. I know I had put this on my calendar, but

Speaker 1  14:38
else all right, is that still a good time for you? Oh yeah. Oh yeah, okay, yeah. And it'll be 15 minutes because he he fitted it, he fitted it into his schedule. So yeah, it's 10 o'clock Central Standard, my time. Okay, sir. No. Okay, all righty, you don't ask if you don't want to answer. Matthias, God wouldn't let me sleep. I was like, Lord, he was like, he needs to talk to Robert. And I was like, okay, like, I don't call Robert on the weekend. You know, everything is pushing us out of our comfort zone, say, but one thing you know about this, when Holy Ghost tell us she gonna do it, okay, yeah, yeah, that's it. That's all, okay, yeah, yeah. And, like I said, it's gonna bless your socks off of me, because it blessed man when he told me what he had written in Renaissance. Cool. Okay, all right, so, had you seen Robert? Did you see any of the footage of when he did the training for Perry? Did you see any of that

Matthias Miller  15:59
I watched an interview they did recapping, or watched part of an interview that they were recapping the truth,

Speaker 1  16:10
Robert and Perry. Yeah, Robert and Perry. Oh, okay, okay, okay, and so, yeah, but yeah, it's like Matthias, you know how software is in your DNA? Yeah, coaching is in his coaching and training, yeah, yeah. And he can go as tiny as you want to go, or as big. I'm telling you. It blew my mind, Roger, I mean sorry because I I wasn't thinking about him. Yeah, okay, okay, cool. All right, see you on the call. Okay, sounds good. All right, appreciate it. You're welcome. Okay, bye, bye. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai