Matthias Miller  00:00
I am well, be honest, I'm a little tired at the end of the week, but that's kind of to be expected.

Unknown Speaker  00:11
What's your schedule for rent? I

Matthias Miller  00:25
well, I have a day blocked out for Friday, for a day off for myself

Speaker 1  00:29
next Friday. Next Friday. Okay, so what kind of hours are you keeping? Well, then I'm

Matthias Miller  00:46
trying to get up at 430 I've been consistent been at work from about seven to four.

Unknown Speaker  00:52
Okay,

Matthias Miller  00:54
had a lot of stuff going in the evenings lately, not getting to

Speaker 1  00:56
bed before about 10 o'clock. Okay, is that with the kids or work. It's with

Matthias Miller  01:03
it's the kids are usually in bed by eight. It's not work. It's like we had company over, and so I took care of all the dishes and stuff afterwards.

Speaker 2  01:20
Need. Matthias, what's the problem? Look, I'm going to say like valor. What's the problem? That's how balance is. What's the problem? Matthias, get some help in them. Man, you can't be doing dishes. You gotta listen. Let me tell you something. Matthias, when you're in a position where you can, like, hire a teenager or a young family member, hey, can you help us out in the evening, three days a week? I'm serious. Matthias, you got to get creative. Yeah, you can't do it all you. You are a business owner, sir business, and owner of business says, okay, you know, no Marshall Field and and all these other famous people. They didn't, they didn't do dishes. Yeah, could you get to a point like myself? Matthias, I was just on the phone with someone that I'm hiring to be a consultant, because it's something I'm building. I can't think about I can't think all of it all out. I can't build that whole human resource part. It's a lot I got to do Matthias, and I'm hiring people. I'm hiring people saying, Hey, can I rent you for this? You know, because there's, there's a there is the looking for the right word. You know how God got his thumb on you and you can't let up, and you're saying, Oh, God, you're wearing me out. I need some help. So Matthias, I this is your first assignment. You got pen and pad I do. Okay, you gotta, you gotta sort out for stuff you just can't do anymore. The only thing you can outsource is your marriage and being a father. Other stuff you can outsource. You need to do it. I don't care if it's your favorite teenager from the ministry or somebody I'm telling you, Matthias, because when God, and this is what's happening to me right now, I'm developing people in their own right and gifting to do some of the things I do. So there, there are things that are very near and dear to my heart that have to be done a certain way. So I have to do one however I am grooming, developing, shaping and molding individuals according to what Holy Spirit tell me, because they've got to have the rain, I've got to give them hell. And so because, guess what, I want to work myself out of doing anything but being the check in person for everything everybody's doing. That's the plan. Yeah. Yeah. So outsource anything. You can be it one of the young people you love, and they love you say, Hey, you want to come by the house and do the lawn three days a week, two days a week, you want to come by wash my car once every every other week. You want to clean out my garage. I mean, all the things you couldn't get to Matthias Get, get somebody who would love to be of some service to you, and put a couple of dollars in their pocket. Yep. So. And all these wonderful so you don't come to my house, Matthias, until I ask you to Matthias, there's no dew dropping in. Ain't no regular you coming over every other I have some memories that have never been in my house.

Unknown Speaker  05:19
Yeah, because I love them, but I don't love them like that Matthias,

Speaker 2  05:26
and they know I love them, and I'm not gonna miss a birthday or anything, but it's like because all you're gonna do is come over and waste my time. I don't have time to sit and shoot the breeze with you. I really don't, and I'm being honest, and it doesn't make me evil, it means I have an assignment from heaven that I take very seriously. So guess what valer is down on his nap. You know why I say to his lunch early? Okay? And I know when he eat, he gets sleepy because I needed him sleep,

Unknown Speaker  05:59
because otherwise he would be in this conversation. Yeah. So no, there's some things you can't do anymore.

Speaker 2  06:10
And you can sit down with your wife and say, Honey, can we you know, I mean sometimes, like social things you can't avoid because of the timing, like, oh, we gonna be to be gathered Thanksgiving. So since we have quarantine, we can be we left, have dinner tomorrow, whenever. I understand that, but, but guess what? Me and my sisters, we've already had conversation. We're not coming to each other. How to Thanksgiving? Number one, they need the rest. Number two, I could see them every day if I want to, because we we're not out. We were safe around each other. So it's not like I'm in another state or another country and I need to see them. No, no, we're using wisdom. Matthias, I'm not letting anybody stretch me into nothing right now, because it's stressful. The times we're living in this are very stressful. So if you are a stressor, and they come in blood sizes, they come in nephew size, niece size, brother size, Sister size. So when somebody's a stressor and they don't get the value of your time. You're not coming to my house. Yeah, you're building an entity. You're not just building a company. You're building an entity. Do you know? Do you know how many times Jesus hid it from them, crazy disciples as often as he could, because they were aliens. They didn't get it so they would, who gonna sit at the left and get out of here? Don't nobody have time for that?

Speaker 2  08:01
Yeah, your time is valuable, sir. You have, there's Kairos time and Chronos time. You know, you know, I'm in the thick of things because I'm getting you early. You see how I'm getting you see, I'm going after you. Matthias, you're building an entity. You need to write that down. You're not building a business, sir. An entity is something so new that the Pioneer that God chose you got to be focused. And

Speaker 2  08:37
we talked about not sacrificing your family, but the social stuff. No, this not a good month, not just week. It's not a good month. I got quite i Let me tell you what I do, my diet. Let me tell you how I get out all that stuff. I have a client on that day. You know, the client is oftentimes.

Matthias Miller  08:57
So let's make this Holy Spirit.

Speaker 2  08:59
Holy Spirit and Vivian Hearn. Those are the Yeah, me, me and Holy Ghost. And I tell you, when I said that at Clint, I mean, I don't have the energy, I don't even have a breath. I'm about to go home be in my PJs for three days. I came through it. I'm telling you, Matthias Vivian is on my calendar.

Speaker 2  09:30
I'm telling you how to deal and then the other question I have for you, since I'm on, since I'm all in your face right now, I had a double barrel. But I mean, is is Matthias. You need to think about how to make me a staff member

Unknown Speaker  09:49
in your world,

Speaker 2  09:52
and then you can email me, text me there, okay, not today, tomorrow, whatever, because I. Matthias, I'm restructuring. I just cut Terry Marshall off. Can you believe that?

Speaker 1  10:07
And the reason I cut them off is because, excuse me and Matthias, I must really love you, because I don't get to talk to people much.

Speaker 2  10:19
The reason what I'm doing is I'm weaning him Matthias, because one thing about God, he's not going to let me be anybody's crutch. Okay, yeah, I'm letting you in it to Vivian's world. So I am an instrument used by God to make sure people become one. Excuse me,

Unknown Speaker  10:41
I just need some water, but I'll get some in a minute. I

Speaker 2  10:46
my role in God's kingdom is to make sure Matthias becomes 100% Matthias not who Vivian want him to be, who God ordained you and created you to be. So with Terry, where I am with him right now, Matthias is I'm weaning him because God is getting ready to set him in a whole nother world, in a whole nother environment, a whole nother culture. And when God does that Matthias, it doesn't mean people won't be a part of that, but it means he shifts people's roles. And you've seen that. He's a chess player. He's an amazing so at any time, he can crown one of those parts, make him king or queen or whatever, and we have to respect that. And then there are certain rules and alignment that comes with being a king or a queen, right? Yeah, and so I have that type of discernment. Uh, Matthias, well, I know, Okay, God, you're doing something different, so I need to wean this person from that so you can get them to this. And with Perry, the dynamics are changing so rapidly and so awesomely that I don't want him to have the mindset of what he's had in this new place. So that means Matthias, you, you, you create an environment where that person can be 100% that thing. And so now when Perry and I communicate, he talks to me, I don't talk to him, yeah, because he's in a different place and he's well able, he's well capable. He's well ordained and favored of God. But just like, have you had to wean any of your babies from a bottle, yep, or from a pacifier, yeah, or from having to sleep in your room or sleep one of y'all got to be in there. Like, listen, we we can't do this. You're gonna sleep by yourself tonight if you're not coming in here and not coming in there. So that's what I'm saying. So he's shifting me Matthias, and he's asking me to build and I'm saying, Lord, I don't know how. So you need to help me. You have to show me. You have to hold my hand. You have to put the right. You know how babies my mommy. I don't know if I could ride my bike. Can you just hold the handle guard? So that's what he's doing in my life right now, Matthias and so I'm thinking it's something from people, some places that don't fit Matthias,

Unknown Speaker  13:48
but it's new things,

Speaker 2  13:51
and they are not demons, and they're not mean, they're not evil. It's just God is doing something. No, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  14:02
and we gotta let him.

Speaker 2  14:05
Does he know what tomorrow holds? He know what the next decade hold? Decade holds Matthias? So we gotta be open. We gotta say, Okay, God, so you were one of the people his idea. Talk to Matthias about being on his team and having to seek my faith and see what he says. So I'm being obedient. Matthias, I have no idea

Unknown Speaker  14:32
well. So the first thought that popped in, first thought that popped in my head was, I don't even

Matthias Miller  14:38
know, I don't even know how to structure this or what it should look like. But first thought that popped in my head is, in my head is having you show up on our weekly team calls, and having having you do check ins with with team members.

Speaker 2  14:54
Write that down. Matthias, write it down. Write it down, everything he showed you. Do because Matthias, something is on the horizon and it's in our favor. I'm talking about the king's kids, and I will not miss it. I refuse Matthias. I would love to do that, because then, remember, I told you, outsource stuff. Soon as I got on the call, outsource, Matthias, outsource, outsource. Imagine me giving you a report, being it monthly, or being it bimonthly, or being a quarterly keeping, keeping documentation. Okay, I spoke with so and so, and I'll tell you Matthias, you know, because, of course, respecting people's privacy and this, and then the other but you're, I'm gonna say this to you. I'm gonna say it to you like this. You're the H NIC. Do you know what the H NIC is,

Speaker 1  16:04
prepare yourself. You're the head Negro in charge,

Speaker 2  16:12
h, n, i, c, and what that means Matthias, nothing should be happening in your organization that Holy Ghost did not warn you of.

Unknown Speaker  16:25
I've seen it.

Speaker 2  16:29
I've seen it where there has been some organizations I work for, and God will wake me up in the middle of night and say, this, need to tell him, this, this, this, this is going on just like I was a fly on the wall, and I said, Okay, God, and then what I would have to say, Matthias, is this open the door for me to have this conversation, God, because you are not in the business of demonizing people, but you are in the Business of warning people. You're in the business of foretelling to people. So Matthias, he told me to say this to you just probably last week. He said you need to have a conversation with Matthias about you being on his team. And I was like, okay, you know what I said to him, Father, you know what that means. You know what that looks like. I have no idea

Unknown Speaker  17:27
the other thing that All right, so here's where I'm torn. Oh, goodness, you I'm

Matthias Miller  17:48
trying to figure out how to manage cash flow, but I had a conversation with a guy yesterday, and he said

Unknown Speaker  17:57
he sent me a message. He's like,

Matthias Miller  17:58
I wish we would have talked two years ago before I lost 40k doing that, doing what I did, touch another guy this morning. He's like, I was like, shot him a message. And he was like, Oh yeah, I couldn't tell from your message what you did, but you just hit me on the right day. I felt like I was supposed to. I mean, you didn't say it quite like this, but I was like, I'll take your call, because I asked for a five to 10 minute call here, they dropped 250 G's and 7g a month on a software solution that we could have done for

Unknown Speaker  18:28
them. Wow.

Matthias Miller  18:31
So that's the kind of money that we're looking at. And I gotta, I mean, it's just a matter of cracking the market, maybe, like, honestly, when it when I look at the level of opportunity and the level of provision and the level of responsibility and the growth curve, and I've got some really strong people in that corner, but I'll be honest, I'm freaking out. I'm freaking I'm grateful and freaking out both at the same time. You know what I mean?

Speaker 2  19:00
Yeah, yeah. And that's and you know what I love about God, Matthias. Now let me I'm going to share this with you so you will know God is doing something that we don't understand. The last has become first, and the first has become last, and the last. Don't know how to be first Matthias. And what I love about God, let's look at the children of Israel. Because, you know, that's always my reference is his word, Matthias, day was like freedom. We don't know what that looks like, because we were born into slavery. Yeah, well, we don't know what that looks like because we was born into poverty having. We don't know what that looks like because we was born without. So what I'm learning Matthias is God is saying, I'll show you. I'll teach you. I'll walk with you. I'll help you. I got people that will tell you the truth. I got people of integrity. Because I'm telling you, Matthias, what he's asking me to build is going to go global so fast, Matthias, that you're going to have to help me. You see what I'm saying. I'm going to have to hire you because, Matthias, I'm like, God, please, like, because you know how stuff you need to eat like, Matthias, it's certain things to give me the heebie jeebies, but you gotta face those things to get some things done. Matthias, so I'm placing my fears, because guess what? Number one, you know I'm not scared of you, right? Yep, and I know you're not scared of me. 100% there it is. So what I've learned Matthias, God will put us I'm telling you all I know. He keeps showing me that picture in that room, at that at that true seminar, I saw a general. I saw a five star general. Now tell me, what do you see in one of your children? Just pick one and tell me who do you see that child to be.

Matthias Miller  21:21
Well, I see, I mean, Dante is a great example,

Unknown Speaker  21:25
okay? And he's,

Matthias Miller  21:30
I see him as an aggressive, competitive sports player with a big heart for people,

Unknown Speaker  21:37
okay? And that, what a hopeful combination. And guess who his who is his father,

Matthias Miller  21:48
the general

Speaker 2  21:50
the general man, come on. And who is his mother?

Speaker 2  22:01
She's the general's wife, which means she's the real general, because the general wouldn't be who he is without her. Hear me, true,

Speaker 1  22:10
true. So guess what? Matthias, God puts us on one another's path. Matthias, because wherever we're going, we supposed to be

Speaker 2  22:23
Pilgrims Progress. Have you ever seen that or read that book? I read the book a long time ago. Yeah, me too. And I'm be honest, I don't remember a lot, but I remember all four words, and it was about journeys, and it was about time. And hear me. Matthias, hear me. This was not an a mistake. How are we going to have a true seminar than being a pandemic one year later? Matthias like, what the, what the, what the you know you're looking at God. We can easily look upside God's head and say, God, you know what. Now you are scaring me. But because you God, I know I could trust you, but why didn't you tell us? Why didn't you warn them? You see what I'm saying? Matthias, I'm a flat footed prophet. Burst out of the womb of God. Man didn't make me so I'm you know, I was scratching my head. Matthias, thank God you said you don't do anything unless you let your prophets know. And guess what? There was some prophecy. She told some things, but, but I, Lord, I think me and you on great terms. We need to have a conversation. But now he's talking to me, Matthias, because just like being a great father and I always use you and men as an example, but guys, you know when to talk to your kids and you know when not to like, No, we're not going to have that conversation right now. Yeah, that's in your DNA. That's in your male DNA. There are some things that are in your male DNA that will never be in the DNA of a woman. But let me tell you something. There are things in a woman that will never be in a man. Yeah, and we know this, and we respect that, and so he's telling me, he told me. He's telling me, okay, then we Perry. I'm thinking, Okay, God, Okay, God, you know, I'm not on staff with Perry. As a matter of fact, I'm very much a part of that family. But guess what? If he need me, he'll be the first to say this. I need you to do this. What's fair? And I say, you tell me, what is God saying? He'll say, Well, God is saying this. I say that's most certainly fair. Because you know what I love about guy, Matthias, he takes care of me. I don't have to. Your kids. Don't follow me around and say, Dad, did you go grocery shopping? Uh, Dad, did you pay the light bill? Dad, did you pay the water bill? Dad, did you? Did you pay the insurance? It's like, Get out of here. I. I don't have, I don't have the time to follow my father around. Said, did you do? No, you're my father. You know you got to do that stuff.

Unknown Speaker  25:09
Yeah, yeah, exactly.

Speaker 2  25:11
This is what I'm saying. Matthias, God know what we need. And my testimony is that before I even have sense enough to ask, he has all ready done it. Matthias, and I'm just like catching up like, whoa, God, he said, Viv I know you need that. I know, I know, I know we got to do so that's the father. I don't follow him around. How about what he got to do? No, what are you doing there? I'll peek in to the heavens. What are you doing there? And he said, Well, this is what we're doing. Here I go. Oh, okay. And then, you know what I do? I get with his program. Yeah, he'll check in with me. Matthias, he didn't. Is, can I do can I do a pandemic? He didn't do that. I looked up like, Oh my God. As a matter of fact, before he hit America, he rebuked me. Vivian, why aren't you praying for your brothers and sisters in China? And I was like, Well, what's going on in China. I didn't even know Matthias. And then he said, go look on the news research. And I looked, and these people dropping dead and bleeding, bleeding at the mouth. I'm like, what he's like, You need to pray. These are your brothers and sisters here. And he said, Oh, if it was happening in America. I said, You better know it. And some of things, I repented and started crying out, Lord, please help my brothers and sisters in China and help them find out what this is. And blah, blah, blah, and then and now. Guess who got it? The Americans. Well, yeah, so I'm saying to you, hear me. Hear me. Windfall waterfall, write that down. 311 on October 30, 2020. Wealth is about to slap you in your face. Matthias, prepare if you knew you was going to blow up 100 times of what you're doing. What would you put in place? I

Matthias Miller  27:40
would put in every piece of infrastructure and support I could

Speaker 2  27:44
possibly. Infrastructure is the key word, sir. I just got off the phone with someone that I highly respect, and I say it, I really need a consultant. I really need oversight. I really and I broke down, why? And it was like, okay, then it's like, give me 24 hours, I said, and I want to hire you. I said, I'm not in a position to hire you right now, but understand with what God's about to do in my life, you will be paid. Well, that's the bottom line, Matthias, I was and this person by, you know, their eyebrows, I'm sure I didn't see them. They're on the phone, but I could just find everything like, oh my god, what is this about to do? Only God knows Matthias, because I'm staying on the path. But what he's showing the crazy discernment I have, the crazy timing, I have the crazy anointing and favor my life. He said, Viv I'm getting ready to open heaven over your head. So Matthias, I gotta have the right relationship. I gotta have the right people, the right family members. I'm talking about my kingdom family. Matthias, what did you just say? I said, gotta have the right infrastructure help me. So, Matthias, that's what you're supposed to be doing today. Start tomorrow. So

Matthias Miller  29:24
all right, so,

Speaker 2  29:33
and guess what? Holy Ghost is waiting on you in the morning. Get your behind out of the bed. MPJ, whatever sleep in your eyes, go somewhere and just write. He trying to tell you how to do. Yeah, you don't sacrifice that.

Matthias Miller  29:53
And when I sacrifice my evenings, I sacrifice that. And when I

Speaker 2  29:57
So, there you go, exactly the. Because guess what, if you over here shooting the breeze, we could do that next year. Do you know that's where I am, Matthias, and then we going to talk about the same crazy stuff. Get out and I'm being honest, Matthias, I'm not doing it. I'm not doing it because if he is shifting where the kingdoms of this world have become the kingdom of our God Matthias, we better get busy. It ain't I don't love you. I don't have time. And I'm not going to tell you, I don't have to say no for the next three months, that's not going to be good. I'm telling you, put some months on the DAG on thing Matthias, and then if you want these people over, whoever, just say, Hey you guys, I just need some air, because I've been really working. You know, people respect hard work. You know, put it on the hard work. Say, Nope, I got five. I I got these clients. You know who your clients are? Your staff? Matthias, yeah, yeah, get these people out of there. I'm telling you. Matthias, I'm just saying, I'm just telling you,

Unknown Speaker  31:22
build your infrastructure, sir.

Speaker 2  31:30
This is what I want you to do. I want you to make infrastructure synonymous with faith. Okay, it's like we always if we don't bring God nothing else. Sometimes we gotta bring him faith. So it's like, okay, he don't want you nothing. He don't want your sacrifice. He don't want you. He don't want your dove, he don't want your lamb, he don't want none of that. He's saying. What did I ask you to do? If that's what he wants? And guess what? That takes sacrifice, Matthias, because the majority of the things God is going to be like, Lord, I really don't have time. He's like, You better find some. You better get something about your life. Yeah, and I take inventory, I say, okay, I get rid of that. I get rid of this. I get rid of that. Because Matthias the kingdom of this world, and you have dealt with these nasty, dirty, evil kingdoms that man has built, and it's time for them to be fruitless, sir, 100% Yeah, that's why you and me was born, because we're crazy, like you got to go. We're not tolerating one of the reasons your family looks the way it looks in your house is because you're tired. Matthias, one of the reasons I'm sitting here with this four year old right now, he is the perfect gentleman. He says, Thank you. He says, please. He can discern me. Are you okay? And I said, Well, valor, I'm a little tired. Okay? Do you need to take a nap? What for you? What he does? He goes, I'm a king and you're a queen. I go, Yes, I am invalid. He goes, I'm a king and you're a queen. And then he goes, I'm the best, and then I'm supposed to play this game. I go, No, I'm the best. And he goes, No, I'm the best. I didn't teach him that.

Speaker 2  33:40
Don't say you need to stay home with him no matter how much he run, jump in your bed, do what he do, because He's four years old. Vivian, you're raising a king. Wow.

Speaker 2  33:58
And God, got him looking at my mug and got me looking at his to the point I said, Okay, God, now I can discern a four year old if I did. If I deal with a 55 year old and he's really four, God's gonna bring valor to mind. Say, Viv this man is four years old. It's a new day. Don't play with God. Matthias, time is of the essence. Get that infrastructure built, sir. The double barrel gun is back in your nose. I'm not playing. Matthias, I'm not playing with you. We're in the perfect climate to build, sir, because people are limited to where they can go. You know what I'm saying? Anybody with good sense? Because, let me tell you some advice. I'm not catching cologne for nobody. Because I'm building for God, I got to be alive. I got to be healthy. Matthias, I can't be the reason somebody else gets sick. I'm too critical in the plan. Matthias, I'm not playing with my life. Yeah, I'm not playing with my talents, I'm not playing with my gifts. I'm not playing with my calling. I'm not playing with my purpose. Matthias, I'm so good. Is this being recorded? Yes, thank God, because we going to go back and sit and look at this day and weep and say, God, you told us, and we going to weep with joy. Matthias, you did it, father. He said, When the righteous rule, the people rejoice. Matthias, and when the wicked rule, the people mourn. I'm tired of people mourning.

Speaker 2  36:09
I need you to read Second Chronicles. Sorry, that's when your homework assignment, and I believe I gotta go back Matthias, but go into Second Chronicles, and that's where Solomon built that temple. And guess we used to build, build the temple. He didn't use novices. He didn't use let me see if I if I know what I'm doing. This man said, God, you deserve the best. And he said, I only want the best building, this bad boy. And guess what? He didn't play. If you was not the best, you didn't touch that temple. It should be the same with our businesses Matthias. It should be the same with anything we're building for God. If we're building a life for God, and we're restructuring like you're doing your babies. No, no. Just anybody can't educate you. Just anybody can't watch you and babysit you. Just anybody can't have you over to their house. I'm telling you, Matthias, you protect God's good. This is his idea, this wealth transfer. We don't play with this, yeah, the double barrels up your nose.

Speaker 2  37:41
You take the pain to build that infrastructure. You take the time to build that infrastructure. You have the Holy Ghost. If someone that you want to do something in the right fit bells and whistles are gonna go awry in your belly. God is like, No, that is not the person I'm telling you. Matthias, there have been things that I've built for God, and I just knew this is the right person. I just knew, Oh, I just love this person, and God hit that button and don't use them. Vivian, and boy, oh boy, was I glad you see what I'm saying. Besides, yeah, yeah, you're not a punk. You're a general. And when you're not sure, God, please show me. Please. God, don't let me miss it. Because let me tell you something. The reason he told you Matthias, because of you are meticulous, the reason he chose you, because you will seek His face and say, God, I gotta make sure, because I'm paying this amount of money, I'm not going to play with this. That's why he chose you. Let me tell you, the sloppy, undisciplined, crazy people did not get promoted in the military. As a matter of fact, they would demote your raggedy self, yeah, if you know which they would snatch them strike so quick and fast. But I was like, Oh no, no, no, no, you were this now you're a dad, so I want

Matthias Miller  39:36
to jump in. I want to jump in. Yeah, yeah, September was the month of rebirthing. That was when we started the rebrand. I don't remember the dates when we got our new name, but we got our new name, getting our new logo files today or very soon. And then this person. Made an offer. And she was like, I was thinking about your businesses, which what I think you need to be working on. And I was like, two things. One, that's a lot of money into I think you're crazy, and I don't think, I don't think I agree with you. And I let

Unknown Speaker  40:16
it sit for a week.

Matthias Miller  40:22
I felt like, I felt like, God said that I was supposed to start building out my website. And that was part of the things that that was kind of, that that was in her proposed next steps. Here's just what I felt. I mean, this is like, one of the things, like, all of this stuff I'm like, in over my head. This is walking with by faith, and I think I'm on the right track, and all of this stuff. But like, felt like God said, like, it was just like, I guess it was such a confirmation immediately to me, the confirmation was that for me to know I wasn't just jumping in because it was exciting or it would take me where it promised to take me where I needed to go. But it was really the fact that that was bundled, and I felt like that that was where I was supposed to go, that that I said yes to. And I felt like, I feel like I was saying that if I didn't say that, that was his way of getting that into the bundle, they wouldn't have gone for it otherwise. And I need,

Unknown Speaker  41:20
yeah, yeah. And

Matthias Miller  41:29
then I've got my new my new team member, that best I know is supposed to be here, but there's development that needs to, needs to happen. There's all this other kinds of stuff. And I'm like, I don't even know, like, how you even process? I mean, I know I sit down and I write, it's like, I've got so many questions,

Speaker 2  41:54
and that's good Matthias, because this is what I want you to remember. How did, how did Edison? How did he invent the light bulb? What did he experience? Do you know

Matthias Miller  42:13
he experienced, I don't know how many failures in

Speaker 2  42:18
1000 at least. Yeah, that's, that's the history where they said he tried at least 1000 times, but what he knew Matthias that there were 1000 things that didn't work. Yeah, that's how we got to see life, dear, that Matthias the same way you hire somebody or involve somebody, or engage somebody, and when they show you they're a nutcase, you just say, No, this is not working the way. We say yes. We can say no, out the same mouth. We could say not now, out the same mouth, we could say, maybe this is not the time for that, but I may reach back out to you. Matthias, there are people that they make offers to me for things, and God screams no in my head, and I smile. They don't know you in my head, screaming No. I look at him, I smile. I said, You know what? Maybe this is not a good time for that, because we are not in the business of offending people. We are not in the business of breaking people's spirit, but we are in the business of building the kingdom. And so all kinds of things come at me. I get spiritualist, I get Buddhist, I get hairy, I get, you know, and I'm thinking, Lord, he's like, dude, they know, they there, they got this. And I think, okay, you know, because they used to set alarm to me. I'm like, God, why? Why are this and that drawn to me? And he's like, Well, and he broke it down for me, you know, but I had to ask that question, Matthias, and let me tell you something. You're God's idea. You're not your idea. Okay, I'm going to relieve you of some pressure when, when I like anybody, be it a client or wherever I am, if I'm ministering somewhere, Matthias, the people call me. But what if it don't happen? I said that ain't my problem. God said. Vivian didn't say that. Right now, I'm meeting a gentleman tomorrow. He came here and with Terry's Round Table stuff, and he he's at a hotel. Matthias, he's catching a flight to from O'Hare back home. And he caught he text me, Matthias, now the reason I'm letting you into my life because you already in there. I can't, I can't, ain't. Nothing I could do about you right now. I. Like, man, you part you part of my life. So I'm like, Okay, God, let me read this to you. Matthias, this is going to help you. This is really going to bless you. This gentleman, I'll be he and one of my team members will be meeting him tomorrow, because I'm not going to hotel to see nobody by myself, you know, and I don't, I don't know this person, so God, puts up all kinds of safety things around me. He goes, this was 842, on yesterday morning. He goes, Hey, Vivian. Oh, wow. Okay, I can't answer this. Okay. One second. Matthias, let me send this person a quick message. I haven't heard from this person since last year. Yeah, no problem. Yeah. And I'm gonna, I'm texting that. I will call them right back. Oh, you write back. Okay, so, I Matthias, I'm going to read this to you. This is 842 yesterday morning. Hey, Vivian, my name is blank. I work with Perry, and I'm helping him facilitate his three mastermind groups. Last time we met, you told me to look up cup bearer regarding my business relationship with Perry. I'm in town Oak Brook for the next few days, and your name faith, and faith keeps coming up to me. Would it be possible for you to meet with me or to meet with you in the next few days? I fly out of O'Hare Saturday morning at one Saturday afternoon at 1pm this is not a call of desperation, just answering a call of sorts. Please don't inconvenience yourself to accommodate me. If there's a way to do this that doesn't break your stride and you feel inclined and let me know what dates times work for you. Thanks. So Matthias to show you. So this text now God said, Call him. So I, you know, I don't have the person's number, but they sent me the text. So I went and I called and, and he said, I said, you know, good morning. And he said, Good morning. And, and then I said, Well, I said, the weekdays are out. I keep my great nephew from seven in the morning until often, six to 630 at night. And I said, so the best would be the weekend for me. And he said, Well, you know, my flight is good. And then he said, so I didn't want to inconvenience you. So I said, No problem. I said, Saturday is perfect for me, you know? I said, early morning is good for me, because I'm up early anyway. And so that was that. And he was like, great. And then he said, Well, I'm going to come out of where I am, and I'm going into a hotel close to the airport, and I'll get back to you. Blah, blah, blah. So I want to say this to you. Matthias, I don't do this. All of what I'm getting ready to do, I don't do that, but God said you have to do it. You see what I'm saying, Matthias, and the relationship there that I have with God is really better than a marriage, because I'm that sensitive to him, and I'm finally at place where it's his way, you know? So I said, Lord. And then what was interesting, Matthias, right? When I call me, says, Viv This is crazy, because right now, Perry is giving a testimony of something you share with him, and where the fruit of that thing is now. And I was like, Okay. And so God was testifying to this man. You were supposed to get in touch with them. You see what I'm saying? Matthias, yeah, so that's how he's moving there. He's moving so swiftly, so stealthily, so you can't even trace him. So Carrie doesn't know, unless he tells Perry This is coming by. She's bring one of her team members. You know? He don't know, because this wasn't about Terry. This is about a word that he got. You see what I'm saying, Matthias, that's all we have to be in this hour. God hedges us in dear for things. When I gave them a cup there, I'm sure he looked at me like I don't even know what that is, you know, Are you nice? But I did it. I didn't care. He told me, you will be a cup bearer to Perry, and here he is working with him. Matthias, yeah, I don't know how long ago that was. I'll find out when we meet with him on Saturday morning, but, but that is none of my business. I that's what God loves about me. Matthias, I got such a bag of business on my own I can't be. Like, what is that? Dot? With this.no that that's not what God called me to do. I have a specific assignment in the earth, and I understand it, and I totally accepted and appreciated Matthias. He did not tell me to dot, I's crossed T's, but he did tell me this, make sure my people cross the finish line there. Yeah, make sure my leaders cross the finish line. Make sure my man calls my king that I've called, make sure they cross the finish line there. So I never know what that look like for anybody. Matthias, but I tell you what Holy Ghost, who knows all things know what everybody need to look like when Jesus get back, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. There is some things you gonna have to present to him, Sir, when he show up, you gonna be rejoicing like, yeah, God, come on, because I did what you told me to do. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  51:06
yeah. So you need to build that infrastructure

Speaker 2  51:14
and listen, and I'm saying this to you from the Holy Ghost. If it's not going to benefit your business, you don't have time for it. Do you understand me? Matthias, yeah, when mama ain't happy, ain't nobody happy. Mama is part of the business. When the kids have gone amok and things ain't right at home, that's a part of your business. Everybody else, they gotta wait. Yeah, when you're about to deliver a baby, do you say, uh, can somebody call you? Can we go? Then you're gonna say, No, my wife is in labor. We gotta get to the hospital. Yeah, isn't that what you do? And that's what you do. So, no, sir, you got a window of time.

Speaker 2  52:13
You got a window of time. And this is what I love about God. It it took him 42 generations to get Jesus on the scene. Right from Adam, 42 generations Matthias had Jesus decided. Well, you know what? First of all, I ain't getting on the cross for nobody, not for these crazy people. I don't know what. I don't I don't know, like, Where would we be? The only one who could really be that that perfect lamb for the sacrifice that God required? Matthias, there wasn't another plan, yeah, and that's how we got to look at our lives. How many vivians comes into the earth? Matthias,

Matthias Miller  53:14
exactly one. Only one.

Unknown Speaker  53:16
Only one. Matthias, only

Unknown Speaker  53:23
only one. Dante,

Speaker 2  53:25
yeah, he had to have the right father and the right mother. Matthias, yeah, this thing is so real to me right now, man of God, that ain't no telling what I might say to you when we talk. I have such a sense of urgency, Matthias, because I believe we are in Kairos time, and what that means to me, time that is will be no more. Matthias,

Unknown Speaker  54:08
yeah, and we got to do it. We got to do it. I

Unknown Speaker  54:25
What are your thoughts?

Unknown Speaker  54:32
Well,

Matthias Miller  54:38
I don't know if this is Holy Ghost or I don't know if this is just me. My thought is, you want to be director of operations around here?

Speaker 2  54:52
Matthias, I am willing to do whatever I'm supposed to be doing. You're not going. Get a lot of staff people like that. You'll get some knuckleheads, but they gonna be some gifted, talented knuckleheads. Matthias. And guess what? Peter was gifted and talented, but he was a mess only and and somebody had to walk with that pile of mess for that mess to become a blast, and that's what I know about people, Matthias, that we don't always, you know, and that's because of the experiences that I've had. Matthias. Well, I would go home and cry and say, God, what is and he would tell me, you know, give me his prescription, and I'm thinking, Lord, and I'm always, that's me, Matthias, Lord. I had energy, Lord. And when I I do, I get my wine out, I'll be like, God, because I'm honest. Matthias to him, yeah, yeah. And then, and then he talks me. And nobody says this, who was there for you? And then I said, okay, because he's right. Somebody had to endure my madness, my insane self, my immature self, you know my know it all self. And I was like, and he would say, this person ain't half of what you like, Okay, God, I hear you. So Matthias hear from God, okay, and you do hear from God. Okay, you know when you're not hearing from God.

Unknown Speaker  56:49
And so what you do?

Speaker 2  56:52
You get these people out of your life who love you dearly, who will probably give their lives for you. But guess what you right now, the word of God said Matthias in business be as men. Do you hear me? Yeah, yeah. Solomon, he didn't care if he liked the iron worker or not. Can this man work with iron. You see what I'm saying about Go and read Second Chronicles, and you gonna get so convicted. Because How dare we think we building something for God and we and we're building with inferior stuff. Then guess what? If I build with inferior stuff. That's my stuff. I'm building Matthias. But when I go to God and He say, this is what you need, and then, you know what? I said, Okay, God, you gotta make it happen. Because it ain't, No, it ain't in the budget, it ain't in the this, and it ain't in the bad do you understand me? Matthias, yeah, that's what you do. When he goes, You say, Well, what you need to do? You need to call Warren Buffet you like what? Even like? Well, God does it cost me to call one with Warren Buffett. I can't imagine. He said, No, call. Get on the phone and call him Matthias, because you know what the same God that made you may Warren Buffett. And Warren Buffett may have had a nightmare, say, some little whipper snapper is going to call you somehow, God told him to call you and he and then we know it might be a billion dollar phone call. Know how much Warren Buffet starts. But the thing is, he told you to make the call Matthias. So what if you Matthias? And I think I told you about the testimony how Holy Spirit used me to tell millionaires where to put their money to build this Jesuit College Prep High School. Did I tell you that story? Yeah, yep, yeah, yeah. And so Matthias, they the Jesuits told us, No, we don't know how to educate black people. And I want to slap every single one of them at the table, because I'm thinking, well, What? What? What is it about black people? You don't know. You know it was an insult and But God said, shut your mouth, put your feelings in the grave, Vivian, and so they told us. Told me, No, we're not building it. You know what? God sent me home. Looked on my in my in my library, and said, Go find Dr King's book on why we can't wait. Never read the book my guys, because I collect stuff, you know, I say, Okay, God, when you want me to read it, I'll do it. But it was on my shelf. I got it and I went, I got the quote and put King's name on it, and this was my response via email. Did God tell you not to build this school? Did. College Prep High School, or did, man, they didn't answer me for however many days it was when Nehemiah was building that wall and he had to wait, I'm telling you, Matthias, the next answer I got was rebuilding the school. Some days it was a month or so, because it was 30 days, or 45 days, however long, they held Nehemiah up. And so I was like, what you see, what I'm saying? Matthias, so it's done. He have us doing we don't know what the heck we're doing. And he loved that, because he know we gonna check, we gonna knock on this door and say, Dad, I don't know what I'm doing. I need some help. I'm scared. You know what he does? He says, let me make a phone call. You know what that phone call is? Holy Ghost, having somebody to call you and say, Hey, I don't know why I'm calling you, but he told me to call you. Well, guess who's on the other end. Warren Buffett, well, guess who's on the other end? Steve Jobs little, well, guess who's on the other end? Somebody you don't know, but they got $50 billion I don't need to know who you are. I need to make sure I do what God told me to do in this phone call. Yes,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:21
yeah, that's where we are. Matthias,

Speaker 2  1:01:27
we're right in the center of the will of God. And I tell you about this because, you know, I got the double barrel in your nose. I ain't scared. I didn't dealt with the worst of them. I didn't dealt with the evilest of them. I didn't dealt with the most prejudice of them. Matthias, I didn't dealt with the most bigots of them. And God said, shut your mouth, and I would sit there crying on the inside, because you know what a prophet does, Matthias, they know when you're telling the truth and they know when you lie.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:08
Yeah, true

Speaker 2  1:02:11
God said he will not let the enemy take us on the wing. Matthias, and so I've had to sit at the table with some of the nastiest of them. But guess what? You got this much money, that is not yours. It belonged to God, and you won't cough it up. Yeah, yeah, we're on the same screen. We're on the same team, and so Matthias, I what I'm going to do, and this is my homework from you. I am working on whatever book God is telling me to write, and I probably got about 50 title, God, you keep telling me this write this title down. Dev, write this title down. So my commitment, because I'm not on you're not the only one with the double shotgun up. You'll know, yeah, I got one of mine too. I am committing to making sure people don't waste my time either. Yeah, because there's a lot of people around me, Matthias, that waste my time and they don't have not discerned I am not called to hear about what your cat did. Yep, that's the most important news you have right now. No, no, no, we in a pandemic. I'm sorry, baby. I'm just telling you, Besides, there are people that call me faithfully every day to tell me the most, dumbest, stupidest, craziest. And I said, God, you know, okay, is this person losing their mind or, you know, I'm trying to understand, like I know you talking to everybody. So I know you talk to them more than about that cat. Is this their way of escape? I'm telling you, Matthias, so I will not lose my mind, and in the middle of the most profound time of God, Matthias, I'm not going to do it, and I won't let crazy people into my life either. I keep them everything. I love them, and when they're ready, I want them delivered, but not right now. You are not invited into my laboratory where I have special specimen. Did you come in? Shake the thing? And I said, What are you doing? Shaking that container. Why? Why are you touching things in here, you see what I'm saying. Matthias, that's what God is saying. Did I tell you to touch that? Did I tell you to say that? He said, Jean, you went you. I allow him to and you. You owe nothing to nobody but your wife and kids. Do you understand me?

Unknown Speaker  1:05:08
I understand I got it. I got it. I'm done. I

Speaker 2  1:05:23
you owe nobody, nothing. Matthias, here's the thing, when you are the Commander in Chief, when you are the commander in charge. Matthias, you gotta stay alive, because you got the playbook. You got to stay above board. You got to stay sane. You got to stay in prayer, because Matthias, you are, God is expecting out of you, because he already put it in you. He just want what he wants out of you. You're getting ready to change posterity? Matthias, yeah, you ain't just building a business. You're changing households, people's lives. You know, we're never that shallow. It's never about $1 it's never about prestige or or this pseudo power that people think they walking in. Because if coronavirus gets you and you're not healthy, you can get your

Speaker 1  1:06:37
epitaph ready, because you're not going to be here. Get it ready.

Speaker 2  1:06:46
Yeah, we're in critical times. And what I love about God, he has hidden us Matthias, he has kept us from the filth of this world, the filthy mindset, the filthy motives, you know. So it's like, use me. God, use me, because I can't tolerate what people are enduring right now. Yeah, and he knows that about us, Matthias, he knows he can trust you with buildings. He knows it won't go to your head. He knows you gonna look for the hungry. First you gonna look for the widow, first you gonna look for the orphans. First you gonna look for the hurting single mother. First you gonna look for, come on Matthias and we got knuckleheads in leadership playing games with people's lives. Yeah, that's what this is really about, dear. Yeah, that's the real deal. You

Speaker 2  1:08:05
Yeah, God is speaking, and he's tired and he's not tolerating it anymore. And, yeah, there's a lot of casualties in this time of transition Matthias, but, but God is good. He's good. We don't have to question him, you know, we don't have to question him. We just have to trust Him and keep hearing him and keep obeying. We don't, we don't, you know, people ask what? Why you think, God, I don't know. You ask him. You Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:08:50
yeah,

Speaker 2  1:08:52
say Hallelujah to revival. Matthias is what it looks like. It's gonna cost us everything. Yep, cost us everything. Matthias, and we're smart enough to give God the room, the space, the time he need to be God. Matthias, yeah, he's moving, yeah.

Speaker 2  1:09:22
So I'm looking forward to our next phone call, because he don't put the fire under your buns. Okay, yeah, yeah. And, my God, is an awesome CONSUMING FIRE Matthias, and we don't play with him. Yeah? Yeah. And can I say something to you? And I don't ever want you to forget this. You are no different than Steve Jobs. Who is that Microsoft name? What's that man's name? Yeah. You ain't no different from them. It's your turn, and

Speaker 2  1:10:19
let me tell you something about them. They didn't I don't know if they had a prophet. I don't know if they even love God, but let me tell you something when God does the thing, people know it's God, and ain't nothing devilish about it. Ain't nothing crazy. You see what I'm saying, because it's our turn. It's the sons of God's turn. Matthias, and we're ready because we're sick of what we're saying. Yeah, he chose the young because they're wise. He chose the old. I mean, he chose the young because they're strong. He chose the old because they're wise. Matthias, I'm old enough to be your mother. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:11:12
he's talking.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:19
Yeah. I Okay,

Speaker 2  1:11:40
and I want to say this, Matthias, there's so much more, but we got to do it, the reason thing, because I don't want to overwhelm you.

Speaker 2  1:11:53
There's so much more I need to say. And I'm excited, dear, because he's faithful, that's, that's, that's the end. You know, that's how it goes. He's faithful. I think, I

Matthias Miller  1:12:19
think one of the big questions that I have right now is, is I've had so many ideas of the things that I could be putting in place, and to be honest, I'm just not completely sure if, if it's the time, or if it's the or if It's even the way.

Speaker 2  1:12:41
Well, what you do? Matthias, this is my recommendation. Okay, have several places where you record things like when, when it's dealing with, like certain, certain things. God says me, are for certain things, and so I don't mix it all up where I can't put my hand on it and go back to it and sit with it and say, Okay, God, make it clear to me. Is it time right now? And that's what I recommend there, because it's huge. It's huge. It's mammoth. And so manage your sanity. That's, that's what God wants to do. What like, in order for me, like, I got a red composition book for that. I got a purple one for this. I got a black one for that. And when God is doing that, I say, Okay, wait, let me find out where. Okay, there it is. And then I go back to it. Or I have a three ring binder, and I just use loose leaf paper, and then I tab it, and then I could go, you know, back and forth with it, and I say, God, help me not to go crazy because you talking, and I got to remember, where do You want me to put this? So I'm real elementary with God, because he, you know, he got us Matthias, and I'm so excited, and I don't want to miss anything, I just grabbed one, and I grabbed the one that's relevant, and I say, Okay, God, you know, like, I write down your name, I write down the date, I write down the time, and I write down what God says to me when we're on our call. And so, you know, like he'll say things that it ain't even time for me to say, I go, Okay, let me make note about that. So when I'm sentenced by manage your sanity, I'm going to give you four things. I may have given them to you before, but I want you to write these four things first. Okay, these are four things, number one, secure the premises. That's number one. And I'm gonna give you all four first, and then I'll give you a little bit of insight for each one. Number one, secure the premises. Number two, deal with facts and truths only. Number three, do a thorough investigation. Like, you got to investigate what you believe is true. You got to investigate what's the fact so you can feel more comfortable with it, like, Okay, this is the truth. I know that's not okay. And then the last thing is, don't go insane in the process. Yeah. So number one, secure the premises. Let's say, is this a good time to sit with that? You know the kids pulling on you, or you got several phone calls you got to make, or you have a dinner date with your wife, or just a day period, or whatever you're like, Nope, I'm not dealing with this today. That's not good time. That's securing the process that keeps you from doing these things. Or the kids are quite most sick, and you say, No, it's not good time to deal with this. I gotta attend to good because this is a priority, so okay, that's securing apprentices the facts and truths. And the reason he gave me this was I had to be an extremely creative, chaotic environment, and I had to bring order to that environment. And God was like, you know, people was talking, telling me things. I'm like, Oh, my God, how do you deal? And we're talking about a staff of maybe 30 people. I was like, Oh, this is nuts. And God, say this, half this stuff, these people tell you it's not true. And so I began as people. I say, Okay, I would listen attentively. I would go somewhere, add it to my list of what somebody told me, add it to my and then I would look at somebody lying. They telling me about the same situation, but it's not the same story, so I'll go back, and I would say, now tell me again what happened and when they would tell me. I said, Okay, so what was your response? And each time they came with a different one, you lying? You see what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah. And so I deal with facts and truth zone. Is this the truth about what you're hearing? Do your research. This is a fact, this is a lie. This might be true. I need to do some more investigation. So then after that, I did a thorough investigation. Is this true? Are you who you're telling me you are. Let me see, let me look at your website. Let me you know what I'm saying in your case, Matthias, because we live in an electronic world. So and then when stuff got on my nerves, I put it down. When people came back, we need to talk. No, this is not a good time. How about tomorrow? I would break out my calendar. How about tomorrow at 330 when my day is almost over? Now I would know my day will be almost over, but I'm not dealing with you. I'm ready to deal with you. Yeah, and those things are going to change your life. Matthias, if you are committed to them,

Speaker 1  1:18:19
that's how I survived environments that were toxic and mad and crazy.

Speaker 2  1:18:31
Yeah, and as you go, God is developing you. He's forming you. He's shaping you. You know who your go to? People are Matthias, and you know who gets on your nerves? Yeah, be honest and true to that, and spend less time with the people that frustrate you. Now, you can't, you can't look you can't add the kids or your wife to that list. Man, you you just up the creek, brother, you got to bear that close. Okay, yeah, that's the one with your name on it. But anybody else? Nope, I'm letting your call go to voicemail. And I also, when I was in some chaotic times, because I had to have to administrate some environments. And I'm telling you, I changed my voicemail on my phone, and I said, we'll get back to you in 72 hours. People almost died. It was like, what, and guess what, but by the time I got back to people in 72 hours, God had already fixed the doggone thing. You see what I'm saying. People just getting on my nerves with the same old foolishness, Matthias And to the degree I changed my voicemail, I said 72 then when people got better, I said, 48 you see what I'm saying, because you will not control my life. Especially when you're crazy. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:20:05
and some of that is just the weaning process too.

Speaker 2  1:20:08
That's what it is. Because you know what? We create monsters in relationships. Well, every time you come picking up phone, note that bad boy going to voicemail at least three times a day for you, because you need to know I have a life, even if it's just me in my pajamas, closing my eyes and breathing. Yeah, you're absolutely right. You know those people are, yeah, that's what they have another say, Oh, you can answer my call. And I get quiet because I'm thinking, first of all, Who are you?

Speaker 3  1:20:48
Yeah, wow,

Unknown Speaker  1:20:59
I'm excited. Are you?

Matthias Miller  1:21:03
I am. There's a lot of, I mean, I feel like the kid's going home from school with a backpack full of full of stuff, but it's good. I'm just

Speaker 2  1:21:15
and guess what? You sort it out. You sit with him, Matthias, you say, Whoa, God, you just blew my weave off my head. So now, God, tell me, you know I'm serious. Matthias Beth Scott, his blessings run us down and overtake us. Think about being ambushed. That's how he sees. That's God. He just you'll be like, Whoa, wait a minute. God, I'm not ready. You know, when I made the offer for valor. Valor has been in my life, but I had since they this whole pandemic thing, like before March, man, when they started shutting down these daycares and, you know? And then it was a joy in the beginning. But now, guess what? It's a way of life, yeah, and it's the best thing that ever happened to me. But believe me, I had to go to God say hey. He said this. It's not, it appears to be long, but he will be five, you know. And Mama's working some things out, but, but we got to keep them alive. We can't put them in a harm's way. Yeah, so and I'm growing. I'm growing. I thought, maybe this is the woman you getting, the one that valley built, you know?

Matthias Miller  1:22:39
Yeah, yeah,

Speaker 2  1:22:42
short span of time, yeah, yeah. I'm like, Whoa, God. I told God. I said, Lord, you gave me a four year old at 60. God, that's deep, yeah, yeah. So yeah, we hold on tight. We hold on tight. We don't let them go. Matthias, but you're right, your pet, your backpack is loaded, sir. There's some calculus, some physics, physics in there, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, some advanced placement stuff in your backpack. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:23:24
good. I like it.

Matthias Miller  1:23:28
So I've got, let me go back over my list. I got those four things Chronicles, and I have got your job description,

Speaker 2  1:23:42
yeah, my job description and infrastructure that's got to be on, yeah, that's gotta be on the list. That's gotta be on there, because if Noah did not build that ark all that time, he would have drowned. Matthias, he didn't even know what an ark was. He just knew two cubits here, three cubits there, 500 I don't even remember the cubits, but that's what he knew. He didn't even know what rain was. Matthias, he Yep.

Speaker 2  1:24:28
And you better know it the double barrel shotgun stays in the corner of the room, okay, yep. And every time I need to put it up your nose. I'm gonna do it Yep.

Speaker 2  1:24:52
And don't be afraid, good. And don't be afraid Matthias to write down no matter how scary it. Is to you okay in anything when it comes to the infrastructure and when it comes to this new place that you're in, because we don't want to miss anything. God is saying, okay, yeah, yeah, yeah. You don't want to miss you want to write it down, no matter how frightened it makes you, no matter how nervous it makes you, no matter how it irritates you, write it down, Matthias, because you're going to go back and say, oh my god, this is what you were saying. You see what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah. We don't want to miss it. We don't want to miss it. So write it down, Matthias, and then God will tell you go back and put highlight this. So go back and put a star guide that, or go back and put a time frame on that. You see what I'm saying. But you gotta, you gotta, it's gotta be excavated, okay? It's gotta come out of you. It's gotta be on paper. Matthias, and then God will take you back over. It's like a rough draft of the book. There are things you go, Whoa, I could take that whole paragraph out. You see what I'm saying, Yep, but don't fear, don't fear that process, okay, and you got to spend time with it, because it needs to be done. I

Speaker 2  1:26:23
and I'm excited, and I will be praying for you. And if things get easily, like it, must be praying, because God, this is too easy. You see what I'm saying.

Matthias Miller  1:26:34
I know what you're saying.

Speaker 2  1:26:38
Like, whoa, God, this is a little much way, way doing than what I ever met. Okay, all right, okay. And then, as usual, whenever you know there was the availability of time, when can we talk, you know, so that we can talk and know that you are a priority now. So if you say this in the next two days, I need to talk to you in the next 24 hours, I need to talk to you in the next eight hours you see what I'm saying, or in this time, Viv, I need to holler at you real quick about something you have that access, sir, yeah, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:27:20
yep. Okay,

Speaker 2  1:27:25
sounds good. All right, I'm saluting you in the spirit general. I hope you see my perfect hands.

Matthias Miller  1:27:34
Salute absolutely 100%

Speaker 2  1:27:38
okay, all right, and close us in prayer. Close us in prayer real quick.

Matthias Miller  1:27:47
All right, well, Jesus, we, we thanks. Thanks again for bringing us into the family. And yeah, thank you for taking us on this adventure, and for allowing, allowing even the process of pulling off the layers and the distal layers, even allowing that to be sometimes painful, but in the grand scheme of things, even allow that to be a fun process and a fun journey and a fun adventure. So yeah, we're grateful for we're we're grateful for the wisdom that you give. And yeah, we just want to continue. You. Just want to continue walking with you and walking.

Unknown Speaker  1:28:28
Yes, me too. Yes, we do. Lord

Speaker 2  1:28:32
in Jesus name amen, kiss everybody for me and go home with a smile, Matthias and unpack your backpack and get yourself together. Yes. Okay, all right, all right, I'm looking forward to the next time we talk. Likewise. All right, okay, blessings. Love it, guys, bye, bye. Thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai