Speaker 1  00:00
Hello, happy birthday. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. How are you

Matthias Miller  00:07
I am doing well. How are you doing?

Speaker 1  00:10
I'm doing great, celebrating. I'm awesome, awesome with my with my friends, yeah, they're home from Michigan for a few days, the ones that lost their son. And so yeah, whenever they come home, I try to spend at least one day with them. So yeah, usually it's a Tuesday. And so guess what? My birthday present is, valor stayed home today. So that's that's a gift. Matthias,

Speaker 1  00:48
yeah, cool. What you got going on? What's going on?

Matthias Miller  00:55
So what I got going on is, I, I finished up the draft, sent it to John John Fancher, he wrote back with a bunch of ideas, and he said, I would give this thing a B, which means it's like way better than most free reports that I see. And had a bunch of suggestions. But he said, you know, the dirty secret the free report isn't about what's in the report really. So it's about getting people to raise their hands. So I remembered something that Perry had put together, an email that he drafted and he talked about, you know, free guides for manufacturers. This morning, I spent about an hour cold messaging people on LinkedIn. You were, you know, heads of manufacturing, of, you know, smaller manufacturing companies and Okay, adapted various emails, and that probably about 20 of them, okay, and three people have replied this forenoon for a copy of the report. Of the report,

Speaker 1  02:02
yeah, yeah, oh, wow. See Matthias. The bait is good. The bait is good fighting. They're biting. The fish are biting. That's awesome. So then what's your next move when they do that. What's the next thing? Well, what

Matthias Miller  02:22
I'm planning to do, I need to reformat the reports a little bit. My plan is to create a cover page personalized to them, so I'll have a template, but just plug in a few things to personalize it for them. Okay? And maybe ask them for the best email to send it to an email it. Email it over to them. That's

Speaker 1  02:44
awesome. I died. So now, how many did you send out? 40?

Matthias Miller  02:49
I think was about 20. Okay, another 20, or maybe 30, I don't know, but it's okay. That's about 10% in, yeah, and it's it could be they'll see it later. But the other thing I thought about, too, is going back to the ones that I sent and just leaving them a voicemail, yeah, and hey,

Speaker 1  03:12
yeah. And keeping that script consistent, yeah, whatever, whatever you're using network and work it till it can't work no more, because it's all a test Matthias, and it's all training on what to write and, you know, what to put up and whatnot, which which direction to go in. I'm telling you, that's awesome. You're excited about that? Yeah, I am. Felt like a huge win. I mean, quickly, look, I'm talking about, look at the turnaround, or respond, yeah, exactly. Those were three. You did not have those are and that's yesterday. Yeah. See three more. That's awesome. So what? What are your thoughts moving forward?

Matthias Miller  04:02
I I guess another piece I want to do is give a clearer reason for them to pick up the phone and call me.

Speaker 1  04:12
Okay, exactly, and keeping them on your call list, you know where, when you when Holy Ghost is talking about what to call them about. Say, Hey, you maybe want to think about blah blah and be like, Whoa. Let me just call this guy. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, we don't care what their reason is, Matthias, just long as they get on the phone. Yeah, that's true. That's all true. So yeah,

Matthias Miller  04:38
next steps is just continuing to move it forward. I got a bunch of ideas last night on putting some pieces together to test this on, on Facebook. I think anyway, like, I've got a lot of avenues to test with this as well. All. Is Fun, fun story. So I had this thought last over the weekend, let me search for let me search people for ERP and manufacturing on LinkedIn. Okay, did a search and found our city's economic development

Unknown Speaker  05:23
director Shut up.

Matthias Miller  05:27
And I was like, that's interesting. So just reached out and connected, and he immediately messaged back. He's like, Dude, I had no idea this is what you're up to. Let's talk. I was like, Yeah, let's talk. Let's talk. Thursday. Oh, morning or Wednesday? No, Wednesday, yeah, I'm sorry. I'm on the wrong day. Okay, okay, and send him over a draft. No, this this morning.

Speaker 1  05:50
Oh, wow. Okay, today is good. What is today?

Matthias Miller  05:54
I'm sorry, today's Wednesday. I got it wrong. Today's Wednesday. Okay, I'm all confused. My time to work and and I sent him. So I sent him a drafted report, and said, By the way, I'm working on this. Showed up. He had, he had printed out a copy, and he spent an hour unloading to me what it's like working in manufacturing, in a small manufacturing company. And then I asked him what kind of channels to reach out to to reach these people. And he he said, Well, there's not really anything, but they proceeded to give me about 12 different avenues that I can pursue going down,

Speaker 1  06:37
wow, wow. Thank you. No, that's not in there, but there's 12 things you can do. Yeah, exactly. Then at

Matthias Miller  06:47
the end, we talked for about an hour about that, and then at the end we we just kind of like, I don't know. I kind of, I kind of flipped, flipped around, and we got started talking, and he's like, Well, yeah, I don't even know what I'm doing in this position, because the the county is the one who's actually recruiting all these jobs and stuff. And I walk away from some of these meetings, I'm like, why am I even here? Like, what's the point? Oh, wow. So it's just like, Well, what do you want to do? What's on your heart? And he starts talking about this maker space, and he's been thinking about. And so I mentioned, I was like, yeah, there's this person that I've been kicking around this idea of a trade school and what that would look like, because it's the great, it's a great industry to get kids into, yeah, and we're working with them in high school, but we don't have a pathway for them. We don't have any kind of technical college or anything like that for them after they get out. And what was like, could we, you know, could we, could we build up a labor force? It goes up to the springs, and then once we have a labor, labor force that lives here, that we can recruit a home builder down here or something like that?

Speaker 1  08:02
Wow, wow. And so,

Matthias Miller  08:08
I don't know, we ended up talking a little over almost. It was a little shy of two hours.

Speaker 1  08:13
That's beautiful. That is beautiful, if that's I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is

Matthias Miller  08:20
I don't know what it is. I told my sisters, we better eat better watch out, because the Kingdom is

Speaker 1  08:25
coming near to him. Come on, come on. Matthias, that's what we're talking about.

Matthias Miller  08:32
It's so simple and so easy, and it was in his heart all ready to do he has. He had thought about becoming an ERP consultant before, okay, like, I mean, he was actually seriously looking at that and just couldn't find any avenues.

Speaker 1  08:48
Oh, wow, that's, that's huge, man, you attracted all kinds of treasure. You better get out there and hunt that go. You gotta know, you got a nose for it. So, so I'm sure you're excited. Yeah, yeah, happy birthday and Merry Christmas. Yeah, that guy Amen and Amen. That's all he was waiting for you to do. Just, do, just, do. Just get on the phone. Just go talk. Oh, my God, converse, connect. Come on, that's awesome. I am so excited. So now you got a rhythm, yeah? Keep reaching out. Yeah. People in those companies, keep good records of who you call what day, put a date, put a time, because they're gonna say you call me two weeks ago. Hold on. Let me look yeah, it was on this day, at this time that that is proficiency, yeah, and all you did was jot down a note, name, time, date, boom. That's beauty. Yeah, so the heavens are open. They under them. Yeah, yep, I gotta tell you this. Okay,

Matthias Miller  10:10
got an email from Craig this morning. He said, here's a proposal for marketing project. It's like, okay, let me take a look. Shot back some suggestions. And I was like, you know? I mean, he's like, I think I could probably make this better. I was like, Yeah, I think you could. Here's some things to consider for your next one. Okay, but never mind. Like, I mean, doesn't matter. Like, think an hour or two later, he gets a I get an email back saying, Oh yeah, they accepted.

Speaker 1  10:39
Done. Set up, shut up, and there's,

Matthias Miller  10:43
there's a whole, I know he doesn't want to get into like he's tired of making other marketing, other companies, companies rich, of course, but, but he's, there's, there's, there's a dozen more companies exactly in that vertical that's easily within reach.

Speaker 1  11:03
Come on, come on. Yeah, that's beautiful. This thing is happening Matthias. It's got a life of its own. That's what you gotta know, like you're just co laboring. God is doing it. We just stick with and we do what He tell us to do. We don't get caught up in what about he didn't we didn't have that conversation. Is this what I need you to do? Do it because he's responsible for the outcome, not us. That's 50 pounds off. You're better. That's awesome. Congratulations, especially for prayer, because you're trying to figure out, what are we doing? And we don't let this get together. Just have a conversation. Just do something you know this cat. Yeah, water is gone. What are you saying? Is this it? Is this? It? Because, until we do that and it's so about action, it's so about approximating and then doing it, because, see, you don't do it, there's no results. How you gonna get results? You didn't even see him, yeah, that's good news. And then you see why the battle and the warfare, there's been great warfare. That's awesome. Congratulations. I'm happy. Thank you. So what's the next one. Now, what's the next thing? Like, are you repeating your processes that you've done? And you know, because you're in a rhythm, just keep it to stick with it. What do you think? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  12:53
yeah, it's either repeating or it's teaching Mindy or Heidi to do

Speaker 1  12:57
this exactly, exactly.

Matthias Miller  13:01
And I think honestly, you know, I mean, Heidi will keep this machine rolling as long as I want it to roll.

Unknown Speaker  13:08
Yeah.

Matthias Miller  13:12
And so, really, I think verbal processing, Mindy. What I'm planning to do is, is having having her take some of Ari galpers training on, okay, on cold calls. I've got a list of meat processing places, okay, stop three hours of training. Haven't put together a script, or maybe help her with this if she needs but then have her start doing that outreach. Mm, hmm, and just try it for, I don't know, two weeks or something like that, or whatever, whatever time, time period we need.

Speaker 1  13:52
I'm thinking a month, at least. Matthias just put everything on a 30 day trial. Yeah, everything you're doing because you can, you can, you can forecast what's happening from results of what you're doing. So put everything on a 30 day. Okay? For 30 days, we're going to just stick with 30 days. Stuff. 30 days going to do, you know? Because within those 30 days, God's going to show you so much, but you're giving him and the process 30 days, yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  14:25
But then when? When she we're working on a case study that's targeted directly towards that vertical, okay? And so that's an easy way to open a door of conversation with them, okay? And then it would make sense to have Heidi do more of the LinkedIn

Speaker 1  14:47
messaging pieces. Okay, that's excellent. I smell a rhythm. I smell a spiff. Them. That's going to work, because we get educated by doing and watching results and really managing that, not letting that be all over the place. 30 days and you got a rhythm, when are you checking? What are you looking at? Checking your, you know, voicemails and this and that, it or whatever the form of communication. Yeah. Yeah. God send it up. And then in the process. But by jotting down what these processes look like for others who will be coming on board, yeah. Then, as you go, you're writing, this is, you know, we did this. We did it. You're building and developing, I don't know what you would call them, processes or instructions. You know, even if you call it a manual, and it's not something published, but at least it's structured and you don't have to go back, what do we do? No, step by step, you're documenting it. Yeah, yeah. As you go, then you're doing the work, developing the process. And next here, here's how we did it. You see what I'm saying, because this is the beginning. This is not, it is not the final, yeah, yeah. This is a good time to do it. I Yeah, that's good news. Have you been praying in the Holy Ghost? Yep, okay, trying to remember to keep doing that. Yeah, more than less, it's gotta be, it's gotta be like air and brushing your teeth. Yeah, because it don't cost us anything to do that, because it's building up in our most holy faith, yeah, and we need, yeah, that's good. This is good news. Good for you. So you'll be and sleeping and just managing your schedule. So with the Christmas holiday coming up. Does anything change with our team?

Matthias Miller  17:06
Some of them will be off. I don't know about the Monday calls. The one around Christmas we might cancel.

Speaker 1  17:15
Yeah, and we could feel like there's a vacation, you know, no, it's always wonderful thinking we're on vacation. We're on Christmas break, you know, yeah, you know, you know, you still got to do things. But the thought, yeah, that

Matthias Miller  17:41
is just going to vary based on who's in, okay, I'll probably end up taking a good bit of time off for family. Yeah, family time. But, yeah,

Speaker 1  17:58
this is good. I'm excited. Look at you and you're not in the same place, closer to all of what you see and what you're developing that's critical. That's what you want working towards, all of what you know you should be working towards, and being consistent and not allowing anybody to waste your time, you don't have any to waste, keeping that in the back of your mind. Don't have time to waste, yeah, and setting culture and processes for how things need to be done, yeah, yeah, that's good. I so any other conversation with Ian?

Matthias Miller  18:48
Not sin? No, he's been out. So he replied back to my email and says, It sounds like it sounds good to talk sometimes. So

Speaker 1  18:55
Okay, that's good, yeah, and the Holy Ghost will show you what to say, how to say it, yeah, and just remembering where he is developmental,

Matthias Miller  19:12
and something that I've been trying to do, I don't always think ahead for enough, but it doesn't always, but it doesn't Need to take a lot of time. But before, before my meetings, just doing a in my document where I'm tracking things, just do a memo section and just throw down a couple of bullets and yeah,

Speaker 1  19:37
second with them, and keeping those things, like keeping them, where you wherever you're filing them or keeping them, pull it open, boom, boom, boom. You, you may be altering, you know, at all times, because Holy Ghost will talk to you and give you instruction, yeah, and so yeah, you'll be modifying it all the time. Yeah. That's great. So you got a plan and then stick to it cool. I'm excited. I am so excited. Congratulations, and just keep working that thing, Matthias, because that's where your blessings are. Okay. Stay on that goal, stay on that minefield, stay in that field right there. Yeah, that's excellent. Well, good job. So when, like today is Wednesday. So what will the rest of your week look like? Thursday, Friday? Tomorrow

Matthias Miller  20:45
morning, I'm working on a client project. Okay? Tomorrow afternoon, have some time. Have some meetings. Middle of the day, Craig and I set up a weekly cadence. Nice. On Friday. So all of these pieces, honestly look, when I think of everything that needs to be done terms of following up with these people, creating the reports, all those things it looks can look pretty overwhelming, but still, I just have to trust that the same way that I got here is the way that I'll get there

Speaker 1  21:31
exactly and be intentional about your time again. No time is wasted, and structure is in from this time of this time I'm doing that because now there's traffic, and it's got to be managed. It's got to be managed. And that's that's priority, yeah, so that's what it's about. It's about managing the blessings, because they can't increase if we can't manage them. True, true. Scheduling that time the rest in it, put yourself on the calendar. That's what that's awesome. Cool, yeah, yeah. So blessings on your day and the rest of the week, and, you know, and every, every seed that you've planted, we speak a blessing over it. We speak that it will, it will be directed and responded to according to the will of God. Because, again, when we when we keep them in it, it's manifest. It's gotta manifest. It's gonna manifest because it's his idea. We're just watching him water it and watching him add sunshine to it, and then we just reap the harvest, because it's our dad playing that vein and everything else that frustrates you. Put it in his hands quickly because you don't have room or time for it. Yeah, you're on assignment that's awesome.

Speaker 1  23:31
Good, okay, excellent. Keep your focus, okay, and pray about everything that frustrates you, anything that you don't like, pray about good and let God move it quickly. Yeah, just remind put something to remind yourself, put something somewhere to remind you of that. Did you pray about it? That's the question. When you get to a place of frustration, did I pray about it? And that's why the burden is there, because when we pray, we are giving it to God, and He takes and he's going to do what he needs to do, yeah, so just keep me updated, you know, and anything I need to pray about, technically, pray For this. Pray for that. Yeah, I'll do that. Okay, all right, good job. Thanks. Okay, and we'll talk as we go. Blessings on all that you do. All right. All right, awesome. Thanks. All right, you're welcome. Bye, bye. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai