Matthias Miller  00:00
There we go. Alright, I'm back. You were starting to say something.

Speaker 1  00:07
I was just I was just excited about out in my mind, I was thinking about how faithful God is to frame every round that he takes us in Matthias like he'll lay the framework for you know, he'll show us what we have to tighten up in, where we have to spend more time. Oh, and I forgot to share this with you that one of the things he said to Ian, one of the things Holy Spirit gave me to share with Ian is that he has a lot of people around him that waste his time, and that his time is extremely valuable, and that Holy Spirit is going to begin to nudge him to to bring to his attention that somebody's wasting his time. I said, God is even going to use that in sales with him, where he's going to know somebody is shooting the breeze and then not really interested. And he said, and I said, God's going to give you an instant discernment of that. And he said he's not to waste his time with people that waste his time. So it wasn't just for business, it was also personal. And he said that really happened. Wow. I said, gonna give you a keen sense of discernment on that? Yes, wow. Yeah. He's zero and he's zero, Dan, and it's beautiful when you know God is equipping you. You know it's powerful when you know he's developing you. Because every good and perfect thing, good and perfect gift, comes from God. And so if he desires to sharpen us in an area Matthias, we have to let him, because that's part of his purpose and plan for us, that you be sharp in the area of finance. You be in the you be sharp an area of sales. You be sharp in the area of development or operations. You know, so and you, you're the visionary. So God, you nobody knows what he's getting ready to unload on you. Matthias, because you said yes, okay, Imma warn you when you say yes, you like, whoa, God, hold up. You know, put on the brake. But the blessing of that shirt, he knows where He's taking you. Matthias, yeah. We don't know he knows, though, yeah. And he gives it to us in part yeah. And so we just say, Yes, Lord, I'm talking. Matthias, I had to take a picture of it. Someone dropped off on my on my at my doorstep, one of those file things where you got three different compartments in it that you nailed to the wall. And like, if you wanted a compartment, but yeah, and a rim, a rim of coffee paper, pens, pencils. Binders, which have just crazy. I just got this stuff yesterday. Matthias, do you hear me a basket? Yeah, yeah. So this is what I'm saying, just like your friend sending you the book. Like, what did he write this book to me? Literally, yeah, yeah. So God is amazing in a famine, in a famine, mind you, in a pandemic. Matthias, yeah, wow. So

Speaker 1  04:09
he's gone, and beside him, there is no other and so the biggest instructions I would give you right now is manage yourself. Matthias,

Unknown Speaker  04:23
manage yourself, because he's going to send you the gift, the talent.

Speaker 1  04:30
Yeah, yeah, he's sending them. They're all in route to you. So manage Matthias, I

Matthias Miller  04:40
didn't get to tell you my story.

Unknown Speaker  04:43
What's your story?

Matthias Miller  04:46
We have this client who is one of our great clients. We're doing a case study on them. Posted something in Perry's world about about it, and two people reach out. First person, we ended up deciding to go with the other person. Said, I read your stuff, and that's really good. Like, I love it. And by the way, I used to be a systems, systems Requirements Engineer, and I left it because I because I couldn't stand the commute and the culture and everything else. I was like, Oh, that's interesting. So what projects would you do? And I just started asking him questions, and would you ever go back to it and all of this other kind of stuff, because this is that's exactly the kind of skill set of of the people that we need, the Tims and the mindys and the whoever else joins them. And he was like, his words were, hell yeah. I'm like, Okay, there's something there. And just kept probing. But one of the things that one of my mentors shared with me earlier this week, he was like, Do you have people on your bench? I was like, Well, what do you mean by on my bench? Like, do you have people that are qualified to do these roles? And you can call them up, and you can be be like, I have an offer for you. You want to come work for me. I need you. And and this guy actually prophesied over me. He was like, he said something about God, just God bringing me people.

Unknown Speaker  06:13
And

Matthias Miller  06:16
this was going on unbeknownst to him, this conversation. And so that's part of the note taking into discerning and like, here's this guy, he's on the bench, yeah, like, when, when's the time to call him into the game? And he doesn't. He might have a hint that he's on the bench, but he doesn't have to know that he's on the bench.

Speaker 1  06:37
Come on. Matthias, that's good. But, you know, he's on the finish, yeah,

Matthias Miller  06:47
which is kind of ironic, because that's, I mean, it's not ironic, it's, it's like, amazing, because that's how God works there. And he's making plans. He's like, Yeah, I can't call him over there yet because it's not ready. And if I call him over there and he's gonna get worried and confused and like, that's exactly the way it is with the with the Ian's in the in the Heidi's

Speaker 1  07:08
this world of the world, you are absolutely right. And so you can have a folder called the bench bench, and you got their names, you got their phone numbers, you got an ID of what they do, you know? And then, like, bam, hold up. Let me go to my bench folder. You see what I'm saying. Matthias, it's that simple. And if you get into this coaching piece, when not, if, Matthias, you're gonna have a bench all over the world, good, you don't know, whatever

Matthias Miller  07:46
I got another. Got another lady I came across through the some of the marketing they've been doing. She told me straight up. Told me straight up, she wants to work for me. I'm like, Hey, I still need to have that conversation at the right time, but I don't know what I'd have you do, but I guess I should have that conversation, shouldn't I guess

Speaker 1  08:09
what? It's okay. And you could say that Matthias say I'm listening to discern, you know I'm listening, and I'll know when the time is right. I'm telling you, Matthias, you're a magnet for the house of God man. You probably had a whole world at your fingertips, and that's a powerful position. Matthias, to say, hold up. Let me make a phone call. I know somebody who does that, because you're going to learn that's going to happen more with the coaching, because you you know specifically what people do. And gotta start bills and whistles are start going off, and you say, Hold on, there's the guy I want you to talk to, which is like a traffic cop, you know, for the best of the best, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, a dynasty, sir, yeah. And that's, that's your world, where you discern and you listen and you talk and you listen and you discern, yeah, yeah. And see, that's what I love about God. Because while we are speaking, he already answered. He already got the person, he got the place, he got the thing. Because he was like, I need to do outreach. I need to do outreach. And this is what I'm thinking, I need to do. And then you have a couple of conversations say, man, go after something that's hot, something that's not going to cause you to be up at night, you know? Yeah, well, you can still read your baby's bedtime stories. Yeah, have night tea with your wife, you know, rub her feet and laugh and yeah, that's who God is building. Yeah, that's his idea, Matthias, and you don't leave from there. But the thing I. I heard that's critical is you must manage yourself, yeah, and be adamant about your calendar.

Matthias Miller  10:11
So I've got two questions. One of the, one of the things that was so clear to me in this there were two things that were clear to me about the coaching thing. One is, one is that that God is still teaching me about sequencing.

Unknown Speaker  10:27
And I used

Matthias Miller  10:31
to hear this explanation of the prophets and prophets of old, and how it was like looking at the mountains, and you couldn't tell which Mountain was, when and where and how, and all of that and if you want to take that further, I guess one of the ways you discern the mountains, which is, which is you start walking

Speaker 1  10:49
towards them, and then you start, that's huge.

Matthias Miller  10:52
That's huge, wow. And there's so much peace. And the thing is, and here's the conflict that I had with Ian, was he wanted that sequencing, but I couldn't give it to him, yeah, and, and, but I had to learn how I need to walk before I could train him how to relate to me, yeah, yeah, yeah. Just side note, I would love the dude is an absolute operations genius. I wish I would have something to turn over to him. Or if, I mean, if sales is his game long term, that's completely cool, too. But there's anyway, that's it. I just keep, keep thinking that. Yeah, so, so that was one, just the sequencing, learning the sequencing, and walking towards it. And then the other thing, the second part of it, was just the grace of, like, of God as a father, showing me who to connect with to help me, help me discern, and gently shutting the door for now. And I mean, just, just that,

Unknown Speaker  11:57
yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  12:00
So that piece, and then the next piece,

Unknown Speaker  12:03
that's a huge piece, Matthias, yeah, keep going. And

Matthias Miller  12:12
the second piece was the calendar, which, this is something I just need to do. So I've been working with somebody kind of started on a whim as a kind of accountability coach, okay, and, and it worked great for a while. While I was super clear when all the pieces were really clear, but the last two or three weeks, when there's been so much change, it feels like it's not clear with him. So I need to do one of two things. I need to ask if there's any kind of well, we need it. I either need to recalibrate with him, and either and find a I'm making notes, recalibrate, okay and find a different time, or just say this isn't the right thing for now.

Speaker 1  13:08
And so here's what you do, Matthias, you say to him, do we recalibrate? Or is this the time for this? That's it. It's simple. Yeah, you put, you put the question out there, what they what they Yeah, hear what they have to say, because that's a question that's on your heart. And so put it out there and get it off your heart, and you're done with it. Yeah, you're not carrying it anymore. I've learned get it off. Get it off. Get it off because daily God is loading us with new benefits. Matthias, yeah, we don't care. We don't carry stuff. If that's, if that's what's on the tablets of your heart. Get it off. Say hey. For the past, however, length of time it's been, you know, this is what I've been thinking. Do we need to recalibrate, or is this the time? Yeah, and that's good, yeah. And hear what he's saying, and at the same time, Holy Ghost is going to be speaking to you. And then when he finished saying what he's saying, You say, Well, this is what I'm hearing. And being honest with Matthias, because you know the answer.

Speaker 1  14:39
You know the answer. But and that's what you're going to grow into onus. What the answer is from Matthias, yeah, because I love how you how you framed that within, like, yeah, he's an off the chain operations person, but I couldn't give it to him until. My head, and that makes sense. That's what and his challenge is, humble yourself under the mighty hand of God. You know what? I'm Matthias, because I'm good at some don't mean I can Bogart in that place as I wait. There's the time for everything. Is it time for that? I'm telling you in the door before I get on that call, God says he has father issues. And I said, Okay, guess what? Vivian knew you don't bring that up in the front the first caller with him, yeah. And that's how we function. Matthias, God will show you something, and then he'll give you the time, just like this conversation with this gentleman, he's telling you how to how to word it. Hey, yeah. Do we need to blah blah blah or blah blah blah, and let him talk and say, Well, this is what I'm hearing. This is what I'm thinking, and that's the end of it. Yeah, because you're a major player in all of this. And

Matthias Miller  16:07
I think that's a big thing too, because there's a big shift in this. Is In It used to be me walking with God was it was that fear that nobody else is doing it so I can't, I can't do it, to understanding that I can give people room. And God's big enough to, He's big enough to rearrange things, or to or just

Speaker 1  16:37
to do, yeah, yes. And he's always going to be rearranging, and we have to remain pliable in everything we do. Yeah, that's you. That's who you are. That doesn't change. That's the concept in your life. You belong to your father, yeah. And

Matthias Miller  17:01
then one of the things I'm working through with a calendar is so

Unknown Speaker  17:06
it's Venice. Well, here's part of it.

Matthias Miller  17:11
There is a certain daily structure that works really well for me. But then there are seasons where or there's, like, the last few weeks, everything's been thrown sideways, and what I really needed was long, interrupted blocks of time, okay, and I have this homework assignment of what, what are the habits in terms of how I wind down my day, in terms of how I start my day in terms of just different pieces of what's the best rhythm for me, and it's a homework assignment for one of these programs, and I'm having a hard time. I'm just

Unknown Speaker  17:57
having a hard time with it,

Matthias Miller  18:00
and I've been having a hard time with the calendar as well,

Speaker 1  18:07
to help you Matthias, and then you stick into what he is telling You, have you asked? No, okay, why don't you ask?

Speaker 1  18:28
What? Say that again? I said that would be a good place to start. Oh yeah, a great place to start. A perfect place. And here's the thing, Matthias, nothing we attempt to do is perfected in the first try. Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah. So you ask God, he tells you, and you work at it. Then you say, Father, help me to do what you're telling me I need to do, okay? And then you'll watch him start like I'm telling you, Matthias, you called and valid eyes just closed. All right, let that out. He had just laid his head down, Matthias, and so this is what I'm saying, God, God, God got there, but we gotta let them know,

Matthias Miller  19:26
yeah. And I think for me, it's been, there's maybe been a little bit of guilt in my natural rhythm, like there's so much pressure, I don't, I don't know what to do with this. And maybe this is just part of the progress, and maybe part of it is just learning my rhythm, because people, people will say, Oh, well, you can't have too much screen screen time before you go to bed, and it's going to mess you up and and honestly, what when my wife and I, I. Uh, after we put the kids to bed, we like, we just like to veg. And sometimes we'll watch an episode of a show or something, or like, we'll just do something like that, just to kick completely out of gear, just because we're spent we're exhausted. Yeah, and like, but part of the success, I don't know, somehow that doesn't feel like a valid wind down routine, because of I don't even know what.

Speaker 1  20:32
Okay, and so here's the thing, Matthias include God and yeah, you know, because I'll tell you what I love to do I love. And you know, on the night that God told me shut it down. Shut it down, dude, I shut it down. But I have the on demand, I have YouTube TV, and so that means I can pull up anything I want, whenever I want, and so I don't freak out over oh man, you know. And really, I'm a big current event person. I'm really big on that that just feeds my soul, which is interesting, you know, in this season of my life. But I like to just fail live and counterfeit information. So I'll look and go, Hmm, and then I'll invest in saying, Hmm, you know, and that's me. I'm a CIA agent like Lord, I need a good dose of what's the truth and what's not the truth. And in doing it, but I've discovered it's made my sensitivity keener to lie. And so Matthias, nobody knows your your frame, okay? Nobody but you and God. You God and your wife. Bob. What the popular sayings are. It's like, Hey, this is me and my wife's time. This is what we do. We put our feet up and we chill and we breathe and we laugh, or whatever we do according to what does that for you? It does something for you and your wife, Matthias, but then you got to be sense of like, there a night where it's like, no, I'm in the bed at seven o'clock, yeah? But that's not every night. But you better know when I wake up in the morning, I'm gonna check out my favorite news spot so I could know, but I did get the rest that my body was saying having me on the show that Sam, did you need to go to bed tonight? Mm, hmm, yeah. So you and God and your wife will know your rhythm Matthias, and it's not based on anybody else, because they don't live in your house. Yeah, yeah. And as long as, again, God said, manage Matthias. Manage Matthias, which means, if this these nights during the week, you and wife gonna be sitting up and doing what you do, but then on this night and this night, I'm going to bed at this time, you see what I'm saying and having that conversation, babe, this is when I'm going to go to bed, because I'm noticing I need at least two nights a week where I just need to shut it down. You see what I'm saying, but you've had the conversation. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And you don't fret over that. You don't fret over that. And you talk to God, you know, because I'm gonna tell you something when your body is telling you to shut it down, you gotta shut it down, yeah?

Matthias Miller  23:37
And some of it is just being aware of that, like, when, when, what? What are the times when I don't listen and just learning, learning that, when I, when am I not likely to and and when, when are the times when I when I feel pressure, when, when I feel like, when my body's telling me one thing, or I feel like I need something, and it's not,

Speaker 1  24:04
yeah, you're the, you're the, you're the engine of this thing. Matthias, you have to, you're the engine. The engine goes out, the car is not moving. Oh, and the repair the engine, that's that's money, that is money, yeah, so you don't play with that. And as you're doing this, and you're learning, you structure your time around that, Matthias, like you put on your calendar, I'm staying up with my wife, and then you put on your calendar. I gotta go to bed, because you know what you have to do the next day. Matthias, yeah, and so you don't sacrifice that, yeah? Mm, hmm, you don't sacrifice it. You're in a critical building season. Mm. Yeah. And the Word says, Unless the Lord build the house safe and labor labor in vain. So if he is tapping you on the shoulder and tell you to get your hips and beers, you gotta get in the bed, cuz that means he's got something for you. Yeah, yeah, yeah, we keep comfort Yeah, because your health is everything. Yeah, so you when he talked about managing you, that means managing yourself, physically, emotionally, spiritually, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  25:47
You got this. You just have to do it. Yeah, you have to do because you're in a perfect, beautiful place. One thing, and I keep referring to David and different ones in the Bible. He knew God knew what it took to preserve David. He was running. Haddon just doing whatever he needed to do to stay alive, because he was the king. You see what I'm saying, Matthias, you see what I'm saying, he was doing whatever he needed to do to stay alive. But there wasn't another data. There's not another Matthias. So that should really help you. I'm telling you. I got a I got a call from my sister Matthias, um, my my niece's dad, he has covid. He contracted it. He's a city worker. He works on the garbage truck, and his partner that drives with him, he had been out for about a week, so he was concerned, like, well, what's going on? So he decided to text him, you know, because he was thinking, I know he didn't mention vacation and he has covid, and they didn't tell him Matthias. And so he goes to get a text, yes, he goes and gets a test, and he has it. How about he had just taken his daughter with my niece to get braces for her feet, because she walks on a tippy toes. So they're, you know, she's two, and so they're now doing what they need to do to make her feet level. And they go to the doctor's appointment. Of course, he had a mask on. And then he goes, he finds out, he texted his co driver, and he has covid. And then he, you know, tells my niece, oh, my God, my partner, he has covid, and he says, I gotta get tested. He gets tested. His son had been sick, like thinking that he had the flu 10 years old. How about this baby has covid? Matthias, wow. So my sister, she calls me two days ago. She goes and they call me in and we're not going anywhere. Everybody's gonna stay in their home. And she gave me the story, you know, because again, her daughter and her grandbaby was with her dad, and so, you know, we're like, Oh no, we're all gonna stay apart. So of course, we have our own places. And then I'm watching valor, because that's his favorite cousin in the whole wide world, and they, when they're together, it's a football game, because they always tackling and wrestling and, you know. So I said, Okay, I gotta watch him. He came, you know, he had a little fever two days ago, but I'm thinking, Okay, it's the change of weather depending today, he's perfectly fine. So all of us are on alert, you know, because of the negligence and and I'm like, Lord, thank you. So we live in a world that doesn't care Matthias, but we have to care. We have to watch. We have to pray, you know, yeah, so when Holy Ghost taps you, you go to bed. When holy ghost says 100% juice instead of pot, you drink the 100 you see what I'm saying, because you don't know what's coming. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, to be forearmed is to be forewarned you.

Speaker 1  29:25
So, yeah, we live in a fallen world, and we have to manage. We have to manage. And so that's what I'm encouraging for you, your rest is priority, and don't be over scheduling that calendar. Yeah, it's okay to have a day where nothing is going on. Yeah.

Speaker 1  30:06
Yeah, yeah. So by you having it on your heart and mind, that means you have to do something you know, you have to implement what's necessary today, not tomorrow. Yeah,

Speaker 1  30:27
and you've been on it, you know, just stay on it. You you your rhythm is, is in motion now, stick with it. Matthias, stick with it. Matthias, hold on one second, because I think this is a call I was waiting for. Okay. Thanks. APPLAUSE.

Speaker 1  32:23
Matthias, I've got to talk to these individuals, so probably be about 10 or 15 minutes. Okay, can I call you back? Or do you want to call me back? Just call me back whenever. Okay, I'll text you to let you know when we're done. Okay, thank

Matthias Miller  32:40
you. Sounds good. Okay, yep, you are.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai