Speaker 1  00:00
Hello. All right, so what's the good news? Oh, the good news? Oh, boy.

Matthias Miller  00:08
Well, I have a very eager person, and I am just trying to, I'm trying to figure out, trying to, trying to figure out where to go. Okay, handful of things. One of them, I went back and listened to our conversation Monday afternoon, okay, where we were talking about the culture cash thing,

Unknown Speaker  00:45
yeah.

Matthias Miller  00:50
Anyway, I wasn't sure if there's something else I need to be doing with that, or if that's a later, not now thing. And then got off a call with Jason, and super eager to get started, but he doesn't really have any cushion for

Unknown Speaker  01:17
any cushion for it,

Matthias Miller  01:19
okay, make the jump. Okay, and so he would need to be have full salary or full pay for however long until we can get him up to the place where we need to get him up to. But I also don't see myself being able to I also don't see myself being able to, well, my time is limited in terms of me being able to get it up to that point. My hesitancy with bringing him on is that we haven't validated yet. We haven't we haven't sold one yet, right, right. If we would have sold even one, I mean, selling, selling one would pay for at least pay for his month, and it would feel completely different to me to bring him on and be like, Okay, well, let's figure out how we sell more of these.

Speaker 2  02:21
And so my question would be, when he says he's got to be on full board, what time frame you guys, you have mentioned, was it a week or two weeks? Was it after Thanksgiving? What was your time frame?

Matthias Miller  02:41
So the time frame for me that would work best would be the week after Thanksgiving, starting then,

Speaker 2  02:48
I don't know why I say Christmas. Forgive me. Matthias, it is Thanksgiving. Wait, babe, you got to do thanksgiving for Yeah, it was Thanksgiving. So go ahead, say what you're saying.

Matthias Miller  03:01
So. So what would work best for me, I think, is if we could start right after Thanksgiving,

Unknown Speaker  03:06
okay,

Matthias Miller  03:09
and

Matthias Miller  03:18
see where. Sorry, where was I, and that would give us about three weeks to get him, hopefully, up to speed, so that when I'm off over Christmas, he can keep rolling. And then we would just say that we don't have any available coaching spots in December, and we can enroll them in January, and then January is when the actual coaching program would start.

Speaker 2  03:47
So my question Matthias, it was initially, did you say 1000 What was your, your dollar amount? Because you threw out some dollar amount for him initially, and what was

Matthias Miller  04:01
actually what it was envisioning $1,000 a month, base over the first two or three months, okay? And then he was thinking that may be a longer term base with the

Unknown Speaker  04:18
with his salary covered

Matthias Miller  04:22
up front. So that was a disconnect.

Speaker 2  04:24
Oh, okay, and it's good that there was clarity

Matthias Miller  04:28
that, yes, good that is, that's good news, right there.

Speaker 2  04:32
Yeah, that's real important, because the base is what it is. There's got to be some fruit from it, and if, and I'm not saying he isn't, but this is all hypothetical. If he is as good as he is, and your time frame is three weeks is, you know, so we're looking at right after Thanksgiving, and what is the. Three weeks. What happens in the three weeks? Tell me what happened.

Matthias Miller  05:05
I get him training,

Unknown Speaker  05:09
okay, training, okay,

Matthias Miller  05:11
and and then he and I spend at least an hour together every day, working things through together, okay, those things, and then those, and then he gets some coaching from from the person who did our branding. And the goal of that is for him to be able to start, start generating. Some sales calls.

Speaker 2  05:44
Okay, okay, and so you need time for all of that. That takes time because he's being proven during this time where you guys are doing the training hour a day, coaching from Who does your branding. So it's not like out of the gate doing this, because this has to be built, yeah, and that's, that's what you're giving yourself time to do. And so what was his response when you spoke to No, there's no salary. It's just the base pay the 1000

Unknown Speaker  06:26
Well,

Matthias Miller  06:29
I wrote that down as what I need and what he needs, okay, and so I think for him it would be, could very well be a deal breaker if we didn't have the base pay.

Unknown Speaker  06:49
So when you said a deal breaker, what do you mean?

Matthias Miller  06:57
I don't know if he would. I don't know if he would be able to I didn't

Matthias Miller  07:08
push I didn't push hard. Probably didn't push hard enough or probe, probe deeply enough to find out if he would go for it, if we didn't have a base but, but what I read from, I mean, what I got from the conversation was that he would not be able to he would need that in order to do it

Speaker 2  07:27
okay. He would need the salary, or

Matthias Miller  07:31
he would need, yeah, he would need 5k a month to

Unknown Speaker  07:37
do this. Okay. So what are your thoughts? Well,

Matthias Miller  07:47
I'm not willing to, I'm not

Unknown Speaker  07:52
willing to put

Matthias Miller  07:57
I'm not willing to to commit myself to doing that without a validated offer, okay, ideally,

Unknown Speaker  08:06
I would sell.

Matthias Miller  08:10
I don't even know what ideally is. Honestly, ideally, I would sell two of them before then, at a minimum, okay, maybe even four, to create some cushion, okay,

Matthias Miller  08:34
but then I still have the issue of time commitments and availability.

Unknown Speaker  08:42
Okay? Are

Matthias Miller  08:45
you for myself to generate that, generate that business?

Speaker 2  08:49
Okay? And so when initially, when you had the thought, let's go back to the very beginning. My question is, what did you see? Matthias, when you came up with this idea, what did you see

Matthias Miller  09:19
on this one? I yeah,

Matthias Miller  09:31
what I initially saw was Angelica generating her own leads, okay, and closing them and coaching them. I think it was either that or for sure, having her on the coaching side of things. Okay, I.

Speaker 2  10:04
We're fleshing it out so you know, no harm, no foul. We're talking it out here so you could see, so you could think, yeah,

Speaker 1  10:20
but because

Speaker 2  10:25
you've got the answer, you just gotta live with it.

Unknown Speaker  10:37
What do you mean?

Speaker 2  10:39
I'll be honest, like, I'm going to give you an example, because I'm thinking about myself and I'm laughing at myself. There, there are individuals around me that are amazing, yet they are a piece of work. Okay, yeah. And my thought is, oh my god, I just don't want, I don't want to labor like that with this individual, but they are extremely valuable, extremely gifted, but I've got to deal with what I have to deal with. Okay, if I keep teaching your child, your 16 year old, how to drive a car, and it's like, Oh God, this one is always putting their feet on the brakes and throwing us into the windshield. So I've got to really focus on listen when you touch the brakes gently, gently. Show me how you touch the brakes. So the first thing we have to do is deal with touching the brakes, and then let's go a couple of feet, and I want you to tap the brakes couple of feet. So that means I'm doing the elementary thing, but it's going to pay off in the long run, because everything else is easy with this person. It's them and the brake paddle, and so that's what I'm saying. Matthias, I prefer this is my priority for you. We're at, we're approaching the end of the year, okay? You came up with this amazing vision, okay? And what's awesome is when you put, when you could just retrofit people, bam, bam, bam. You know, you're a size eight, you're a size 10. You're a size 11, and bam, they're in uniform and ready to roll. It doesn't work that way with humans. Yeah, it never happened. It never will. So is it worth because I'm looking at Angelica. One thing about her, the financial requirement is not fixed. Am I right?

Matthias Miller  12:43
That's a huge plus. Well, actually, hang on, I'm not sure. To be completely honest, I made some kind of comment about it being hard to replace the amount of income that she's making in roofing sales, and yet she continues to invest money, so I honestly don't know. Okay,

Speaker 2  13:06
okay, okay, so that's it. You're still, you're still investigating. Okay, everything is an investigation. Okay, and Once finished, when would you talk to Angelica again,

Matthias Miller  13:25
I honestly don't know where she's at.

Matthias Miller  13:35
Since we've talked, I shot her a few texts with a few questions, and then basically said, and then basically said, hey, look, if I'm pushing you too fast or too far on this, like, no worries, like, feel free to disregard the person,

Speaker 2  13:59
Matthias, that they wanted to work for you. Who was that? Jason, okay, that was Jason.

Matthias Miller  14:07
I really mean, he wants to work for me, real bad, like, really bad.

Unknown Speaker  14:11
Okay, what is his rationale? He's

Matthias Miller  14:18
in construction. He wants an indoor he wants an indoor job. He wants an indoor job. He has he knows that sales and marketing are huge leverage points for him to learn. Okay, and he's been watching me, and he thinks he has a lot to learn from me.

Speaker 2  14:36
I love it. So. So when is construction season over? Where is he? What state is he? He's in Canada. He's in Canada. Is he in winter in Canada? He's in winter. It's winter. It is bitter winter. Okay, and so what kind of construction work is he doing right now, outdoors, some kind. Okay? He's physically, Dooley working right now,

Matthias Miller  15:04
okay, long days. And so he can't, he can't, he can't go part time. It has to be all or nothing. So here's the thing, as a person, I 100% believe in him, okay, I really think, I really think he's hungry, okay? And I think I don't, I, and he's, he's not educated in sales, okay, but I, but I think he's got the personality, okay, and and the capacity to do it, okay, but I'm scared about Go ahead

Speaker 2  15:43
so and so, he's much lower maintenance than Angelica, 10 times Okay, 10 times lower. Yes, okay, okay. And so your challenge is, the bottom line is that it

Matthias Miller  16:04
it's managing the cash flow well. It's this, it's my risk tolerance, okay, okay, I need to know that. The only way, at this point that I'm willing to go all in and say we can do this is if a, we validate the offer, or B, God tells me to do it straight up. Okay, undeniably, okay.

Speaker 2  16:39
And so if he's not under undeniably telling you do it, you cannot, yeah, you cannot. Matthias, because you know what, what other talent is around you that can get on board with the initiating of this endeavor. What other talents. Have you exhausted your resources of humans?

Unknown Speaker  17:14
Well,

Matthias Miller  17:21
there's another guy that's been calling me for for a job, okay? I think he's also a piece of work,

Unknown Speaker  17:32
okay,

Matthias Miller  17:37
but I'm not sure he has a background in sales, but I think it's mostly been inbound sales, and honestly, I don't know that makes me a little weary thinking about him, so let's not spend too much time there.

Speaker 2  17:50
Leave him alone. Leave him alone. Leave him where he is. Leave him where he is with us. So here's the thing, it's about God. Who else? Okay, and the reason I'm saying Who else Matthias is because you cannot be stressed, sir. Yeah, that is enough. That is a no, no, no, no, no. If things are checking your spirit, they're checking your spirit. There is no explainer, you are anxious for nothing. In all things. Through prayer and supplication, you're making your request known to God, Father, who else? Okay, yeah, because you know what. You know what you need to go in the door with this amount, this time frame, and our goal is to produce this we don't know what will happen in two weeks. Three weeks, you see what I'm saying. Matthias,

Unknown Speaker  18:52
so

Unknown Speaker  18:58
maybe I

Matthias Miller  19:06
all right, there's two possibilities that come to mind, okay. One is, let's dial this thing back. Okay, let me do my free training myself. Let me see if I can get them on a call. Let me see if I can sell them for the program.

Unknown Speaker  19:26
And

Matthias Miller  19:34
and then, okay, well, then there's some question marks that come up with that is that if I can, I don't want to get stuck in fulfillment and bringing him up to speed. So I'm a little

Unknown Speaker  19:58
hesitant with that. Okay,

Matthias Miller  20:02
the other thing as I said, I listened back to a conversation about the culture cash and like, the delivery side. If you're looking for me to deliver something, I'm like 100% I could do that all day, every day,

Unknown Speaker  20:22
but the

Matthias Miller  20:26
but I don't see the same hot market as I do for this. Okay? So another question would be, do

Matthias Miller  20:40
I just had a name pop in my mind. I

Unknown Speaker  21:09
I don't know if

Matthias Miller  21:12
I don't know, but I can investigate.

Speaker 2  21:15
Okay, yeah, just because you, you, you've got some time. Thanksgiving hasn't come yet. Yeah, you've got some time. The good thing is, you know what you will not do and what you will not do is what you will not do. Yeah, because they're they're like you talked about the leveraging, and you talked about having some specific things in place, and so I believe you're going to hear, you're going to know this was one conversation. Yeah, there's a bunch of questions you can present to God and say, Father, this is what I need. This is what I desire to happen, and this is what I don't desire to happen. And then he's going to speak to you, Matthias, and you take note.

Matthias Miller  22:14
So here's another question

Unknown Speaker  22:16
to ask. Okay, do

Matthias Miller  22:23
Are there any, is there anybody on my team

Unknown Speaker  22:27
who could be a coach?

Matthias Miller  22:29
And then the first thing I think of is Ian,

Unknown Speaker  22:32
okay as a sales coach. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  22:42
The next question is,

Matthias Miller  22:45
can we feed him a market of hungry buyers

Unknown Speaker  22:48
for sales? Coaching, okay, I

Speaker 2  23:04
have you had, have you had a conversation with him at all about this?

Matthias Miller  23:10
Okay, if I, if I told him that I wanted to put together a high ticket coaching program, and I offered him some kind of commission for fulfillment, some kind of person, of percentage. My first thought is 10% for lead gen in sales,

Unknown Speaker  23:37
40% for,

Matthias Miller  23:39
I don't even know, 40% too much, 50 for me and 30 for him on fulfillment, maybe I don't even know. Have to run some numbers.

Speaker 2  23:49
Do that, do that and have and you be solid, and what that conversation will look like,

Matthias Miller  23:59
he would probably not be able to contain himself. Honestly, why? Huh?

Unknown Speaker  24:14
You said? Why? Uh huh?

Matthias Miller  24:18
Because. So here's the thing I've struggled with.

Unknown Speaker  24:23
He does awesome

Matthias Miller  24:25
at what he does, okay, but he doesn't have enough control over his own income to really make him hungry. Okay? If he would know that that him working with me to come up with a plan to sell this program. So this program I'm thinking out loud, processing because, because our people, is in the construction space, from code. House perspective these people, this program has to be centered on around selling, around sales skills for these people.

Unknown Speaker  25:11
Okay, I think, I

Matthias Miller  25:17
just think that's what makes sense. So then, so

Matthias Miller  25:26
uh, or maybe it's, I don't know. I just need, I need to sit with that. That's an idea to Yeah,

Speaker 2  25:31
unpack with God Yeah. And have several, several frameworks of how you would approach him with it, because here's what I need you to think I in your process, I need you to think about what questions will he ask. You be prepared for those questions, like knowing Ian. What will this

Matthias Miller  25:56
fit into? How will I have time for? Mm,

Speaker 2  26:01
hmm, Mm. Hmm, and, and that's part of your responsibility, yeah, to see, to help to structure that, to format that, so it's all organic. The answer is in the house, okay, yeah. And was powerful when the answer is in the house. There is a revolving economy in the house. Yeah, Mm, hmm, yeah. And that's the awesome thing. And even the blessing is, you know, we know what he's going through at home. Okay, the blessing is, it being brief and it being concise, and you say, Hey, I'm, you know me. I'm always thinking. And say, What do you think about? What are your thoughts? Remember, always go in with him leading. Okay, he's a leader. What do you think about? Blah, blah, blah, and let him talk and talk and talk and talk and talk until he can't talk to myself, Okay? And leave it at that. You don't offer him nothing. You don't invite him to do anything. I respect your opinion. I just wanted to know what your thoughts were. Do you see what I'm saying? Matthias, now you're dealing with in stages,

Unknown Speaker  27:40
and you listen and you take notes,

Speaker 2  27:50
yeah, and I'm telling you, your timing has been amazing, so don't violate Holy Ghost rhythm. Yeah. As you're dealing with this thing in dosage. So definitely, you know, say, What are your thoughts about, you know, I've been thinking about, so tell me what you think. And then you know what there, there is no apprehension, you know, like anything is on the line. You just said, I want to know what your thoughts are. Yeah, and let them rip. Let them roll and rip. And, you know, and no argument or concern about what he says or what he doesn't say. But let him talk, and you're going to get a bunch of answers out of that. Yeah, and you're not putting yourself out there, yeah. And that's the beginning, same thing, you know? I mean, when you had the conversation with Angelica, I don't know what that conversation was, but it's always, what do you think about block and let people talk and take notes.

Unknown Speaker  29:07
Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  29:28
And here I am impatient when I get there faster, okay,

Speaker 2  29:36
but it's a good thing. It's a good thing because it's a blessing to be slowed down rather than having to be skull drag somewhere, you know. It's better than someone grab you by the shirt and say, Hey, let's, let's talk about that, you know. And so that's a part of your your transformation, that you You're amazing. You're an amazing thinker. You come up with a thought. It's always wherever the interest is. What are your thoughts about? Block, yeah, yeah. Listening twice as much. Yep.

Matthias Miller  30:25
The other thing I do need, yeah. So how much of this keep coming back to this, the culture cache stuff, okay, how much of this is? How much does building your own house come into this? Building your own house first versus?

Speaker 2  30:56
Well, I'll say this. The Word of God says to build your business and then build your house. Yep,

Matthias Miller  31:05
I'm sorry that I got it backwards. That's what I meant,

Speaker 2  31:08
build your business and then build your house. And what that means is always looking at cash flow, always, always, always, and saying, okay, you know, because what it does like, I'm a firm believer in paying cash. So that means, if I want something, I say, how long would it take me to have the cash to do that? My car is paid for in full. My budget is ridiculously low, my maintenance budget, because that's critical when you're building and so that's the focus. Like, okay, we're in a good spot right now. So how do we add? How you know where is our incoming regarding where we are right now? How do we share this up and that coaching thing is a wonderful thing, but we don't go into the hole to bring cash in. You just don't, you know, it's got to be a clean cut. Okay? What like, for example, looking at your own time, looking at your own availability, and then having conversations, not committing anything, but having that conversation. Okay, what are your thoughts about this? Because when you get a consensus, then it's excellent, because people will come up with things that you didn't think about. You know, yeah, that's beauty of a team. There's always an input that you may not have. Yeah, and so even having that conversation with Ian, it's just going to, it's going to bless your heart, because it's his grace for this area, no telling what's inside of him. So you're really extracting from in house the gifts that are already around you, yeah, and then, you know, and they're coming up with, okay, this is my thought on that. And then keeping having, keep having a conversation, you know, because in conversation, you can discern where people are, you know, just like he says, I love the flexibility of where I can focus on some other things and still be a part of this, you know? So you're going to hear his heart Matthias, and that's important, know, those that labor among you, you know amongst that's important, because usually what we need is right up under our nose,

Unknown Speaker  33:41
right? Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 2  33:43
The Word of God says God adds to the church daily what should be added. This is your calling. This is what you've been placed in the earth to do. He's added to you what needs to be added, and it's got to be an addition, not a subtraction.

Unknown Speaker  33:59
Yeah? Yeah, yep.

Speaker 2  34:04
Squeeze some lemons to get out of them, those lemons and limes and oranges, yeah, squeeze them,

Unknown Speaker  34:11
yeah, yeah.

Speaker 2  34:17
And you've got time to do it, because, you know, God, He's our father of time. So it's not like, Okay, if I don't have this conversation tomorrow, what's going to happen? No, you're going to rest, you're going to hear, and you're going to take note. You're going to rest, you're going to hear, you're going to take No, I'm telling you, Matthias, God, draw some on me this morning. That blew my mind. I was like, whoa Lord, and see that's what we want. We want him tapping us on the shoulder saying, I want you to look at this. I want you to hear that. I want you to pay attention to this. Because he's in charge. We're not we're delegated authority. Yeah, sons. Yes, yeah. So he dropped that in your heart. So, okay, father, I'm not well. I can't, I can't pay, you know, fill out this amount. I, you know, this right here, I'm having some issues with, and that's me. But guys, I will go to God and say, Lord, that right there is really bothering me. And then we have a conversation, and I come out better. I come out wiser, I come out with more understanding. So whatever a dilemma, what appears to be a dilemma is really God tapping you on the shoulder, getting your attention. Saying, fine, I want you to see something. I want you to hear something. I want you to know something. Yeah, it's not an offense. It's, hey, I've got the rest of the instructions. Do you want to hear? Right? It's like your kids coming up with this great plan. You said, okay, and you're just sitting there, listening, listening. You know who's going to be the driver and who's going to fill out the cash. So they don't think about that. They just think, we're going to wake up tomorrow and this is what we're doing. We're going to Disney World. You're saying, Oh, wonderful. So how many of us are going to go with everybody and well, what does that cost? What the heck it doesn't cost anything. No, it cost them. Let's go go Disney World. Let's see what the cost. Whoa, you know. And then their eyebrows raise, because I think, Oh, I just thought, you wake up. Think, no, no, you don't. You got to get there. You got to get in the door. Yeah, yeah. All these vehicles, God has them. And so all this is training, all of this is development. All of this is a part of the growth. Yeah, you know, thinking about he said, I gotta have a project for Heidi BAM or Mindy. I gotta have, you know, okay, this is what's going to happen you and Tim, you know, we're going to teach her the language. Because what like you said, once you send her out the gate, it's it's crazy, but we got to get her ready to go out the gate. Yeah, just like you got to get ready to go out the gate for this next encounter. You gotta be ready, mentally, spiritually, your house. Yeah, you gotta have problems with Mama. What do you think about this dude? Not you telling her what you gonna do, honey? What do you think about this? And you'll be shocked. Yeah, but then she's on board. She's aware in the door, not, oh dear. I'm not gonna be to do that because, oh well, when did that happen? You see what I'm saying? Matthias,

Speaker 1  37:54
yeah, yeah. I do. Yeah, yeah,

Speaker 2  37:59
yeah. Just say, honey. I got a question. What do you think? Tell me what you think. And it may be one answer, two answer, three answers, but leave it alone. Because here's the thing, when she when God speak to her, she's gonna say, Well, remember when you asked me about such and such, but this is what I thought about. You see what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah. Leaving room, some wiggle room in there for more insight, more understanding, more clarity. Clarity is everything we talked about, how we will walk, hold the hands with the clients to make sure they don't they're not afraid. That goes for everything you do. Matthias that goes for the house, that goes for the team. We don't want anybody freaking out on no level. We are talking stress free living,

Speaker 1  38:50
yeah, yeah.

Speaker 2  39:02
God is with you. He said he gave you. Everything pertains to life and godliness. Okay, Lord, tell me what to do. I'm telling you. It really is that simple, yep. And we keep it simple, yeah. And when something nudges you in your gut, pay attention. Don't ignore it. And when you hear a no, a no is a no, a yes is a yes, no, gray,

Unknown Speaker  39:33
yeah, yeah,

Speaker 2  39:38
yeah, you're on schedule. Just gotta walk it out and take amazing notes, even if you can record it. Matthiases go back and make sure you heard what you heard. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  40:11
So what are your thoughts? What are your take? What's your takeaway? I

Matthias Miller  40:30
Well, the responsible thing to say is to ask more questions from other people, and that's it's a good lesson, and I know that it's going to be a takeaway. If I'm completely honest, there's a bit of disappointment that I want to it's easy. It would be easy to look at this as a dead end.

Speaker 2  40:58
Yeah, that's the easy. No, it's not, nope, far from it. You know what it is. It's keeping you from committing Kamikaze. That's what it's protection. A pause is protection. If you're at a start sign four ways, and you look in and you say, Okay, I don't see a car, but you're still going to be cautious, like, I don't see a car, but if somebody's speeding at 100 miles per hour, they're at certified in one second. Yeah, you hear an engine revving. You're going to pause and say, Whoa. Where is that? Yeah, yeah. So a pause is a good thing is, this is only a pause. It's not a dead end. This is, you know how you go hmm, when you don't understand the girls, you'll be like, Hmm, and you just kind of wait for more clues. Yeah? Yeah, you just waiting on for some more clues. Okay, God, I need a couple more clues. You know, because you're ready, you are ready. Matthias, you're ready. However, is the rest of the parts and the pieces like I

Speaker 2  42:24
yeah, that's all it is. It's a pause. It's not a daddy and guess what, when one won't seven, will Matthias? You got to keep that in your pocket.

Unknown Speaker  42:41
Yeah?

Unknown Speaker  42:43
Yeah, the human resource pool is huge,

Unknown Speaker  42:55
yeah, yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  43:05
Good. Well, I think this is,

Matthias Miller  43:11
I think so i think i think if I'm with this takeaway, the other takeaway is just to continue, just keep asking questions. Yeah, of other people of God, He knows. He knows my concern, he knows my doubts. He knows my everything. He knows all of that. Yeah, he knows where I'm at,

Speaker 2  43:37
and if he's hidden somebody, you say God revealed them. Show me. Show me. Yeah, because the terms that God has given you are the terms that given you. And you know it reminds and you know me. I always got some type of example when Adam and Eve was in that garden. What did God tell them? What did he tell them?

Matthias Miller  44:06
So, everything, everything is yours, but don't eat, eat of the fruit or tree, of tree, uh

Speaker 2  44:12
huh. And so then all of a sudden, this interesting character showed up, and he said part of what God said, but he didn't say it all of what God said. He said, you'll be just like him. God never said. He never brought that up. So where did that come from? And so that's how hedged. Then we have to be with him. Matthias, he What did God say? And what he said is what he said. Now, if something else gets added in there, it's like, that's a big no, and I gotta wait, because that's not what he said. You see what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah. It's about what did he say? Now, he gave this to you, he deposited this in your heart. Heart, and he is trusting you to ask him questions like, Okay, Lord this, you know, you gave this me. Now, what I mean, you can get that bold with him, like, Okay, now what? Because the one person I tried was the person, this is what they're asking. You know, you got to go back to the head office and say, Hey, what? What is this?

Unknown Speaker  45:27
Yeah, yeah,

Speaker 2  45:31
because we're all in training Matthias, and it's about hearing his voice and hearing it accurately and concisely. Had you called me 30 minutes before you called me? I could not have talked. Yep. I was done with that call. Yeah. So your timing is on the money. Don't doubt that Matthias. Don't play with that. Don't play with it. Stand firm in it, yeah, and your priorities are your priorities. You don't compromise that. Yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  46:23
All right, that's good, okay?

Speaker 2  46:30
And so one good thing would be to rest and put it to the side and then hear from God and write what he's saying. Yeah, yeah, it's all good. It's part of business. It's part of business. Matthias, I'm telling you, but never not ask God. Always say, okay, Father, what are you doing now? What am I supposed to do? Because he's waiting to hear that. Yep,

Unknown Speaker  47:06
okay, yeah, all right, all right. So keep me updated. Sounds good? I'm looking forward. I'm excited to hear what God's going to say, because he got something to say.

Speaker 2  47:24
He does, yeah, he got something to say, and I can't wait to hear what he said. That's awesome. All right. Well, this is an awesome Saturday. Yep, and and stay accurate. Okay, yeah, all right, okay, blessings on you and enjoy your your weekend time. All right, I will do that. All right, and we'll talk as we go. All right, that sounds good. Okay, no problem. You're welcome. Blessings

Matthias Miller  48:06
to you.

Unknown Speaker  48:07
Okay, thanks. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai