Speaker 1  00:01
So what you got going on? Are you hiding? Are you can you talk? Or, where's everybody else? Sorry, sorry. What was that? I said, Where's I said? Are you in a place where you can talk? Or, yeah, I am, I am.

Matthias Miller  00:25
So the quick update where I've been the Unleashed CEO program that I was talking about, we're going to be pivoting our engagement, from looking to do more hires to building out more of a sales and marketing system. Okay, so that'll be a focus for the next which that's kind of where my focus already is, but I'll be getting their help over the next two months with that. Okay, so

Matthias Miller  01:06
Okay. Team call yesterday went off the rails. Okay, would like to know what other people thought. Yeah, hold

Unknown Speaker  01:19
on. Yep, do hold on, yep.

Speaker 1  01:38
Thank you. Applause. From the things you were hearing about, Yeah, you were sharing about

Matthias Miller  01:49
something going off the rails. Yeah. Ginko, yesterday, I was talking about, you're talking about excellence. I was talking about differing levels of, I guess perfection that's required. And Ian just started bringing up things like, you know, the business owners, is this a matter of personality, or is this matter the business owner setting expectations for what, how things should be done, and all those types of things. And completely threw me off. And the most frustrating thing about it is that I actually entertained him with it, and it was just horrible. So then we had, I don't know if the others picked up on it, but anyway, I don't even know what to do. It was frustrating.

Speaker 1  02:41
Then I had a Okay, go ahead, keep going. And then I

Matthias Miller  02:46
had a conversation with him about the HR stuff, and probe asked questions. He didn't really open up. I'll be talking to the executive director, but talk about sticking your finger in a hornet's nest like. He was like, Yeah, well, sometime I would like to talk about what expectations are and about like, you know what you're expecting from me? I was like, I

Speaker 1  03:23
anyway, how did you feel Matthias, when you were talking to him, Where were you from?

Matthias Miller  03:31
Like there was this, like there were two sides to the conversation. One's the polite, civil voice, and the other thing is, the thing that's inside, it's going,

Speaker 1  03:43
Yeah, and that's, that's who you was dealing with, because your discernment is true. Matthias,

Unknown Speaker  03:57
no go ahead. So

Matthias Miller  03:59
I'm in a much better place, because if this would have really talked 30 minutes ago, I would have been ranting, but okay,

Matthias Miller  04:11
I was gonna say, I hope side note, we would all like to think that we were never in these places, that we never had baggage when we were Talking to other people. But I'm sure you've had conversations

Speaker 1  04:26
with me. Scratch, yeah, anyway, go ahead. No, no, no. Matthias, there's a difference in where a person is willing to go and where you gotta skull drag people. Yeah, there's a big difference. And no, we're not going to excuse the the point, what, what I'm in my heart thinking about is this Matthias honestly looking at who he is. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, like, No, we're not. Giving him away, you know, the real person that? No, this is not a developmental thing. It's not development, right, right, yeah, yeah, yeah. This is a thing. Yeah, this is a thing. And, no, we don't, we don't categorize it all in the same family, because I'm telling you, Matthias serving people. You got me, you know, you got me. My hair is sent up on my skin. So we might not finish this conversation inside. This the conversation we got, okay, yeah. And then we had a company. No, this is one we we got a dissect, yeah? And this is, like you said, it's not the time. Go on tell me some other things, but we got to dissect

Matthias Miller  05:53
that. Yeah, yeah, we do, yeah, you're right,

Speaker 1  05:57
yeah, you're right. We're not going, we're not scraping over there, because you're seeing some things that you need to see. Matthias, and that's, that's the end of the story. There are some things we have to see into the wind say, oh, you know. And it's really telling us a story of who we're dealing with. Yeah, yeah. And we got to pay attention to that and let God, let God lead in God. But no, no, no, no. Okay, so I'm done. I'm done. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  06:30
yeah, yeah. And part of it is, is that process of me, in some ways, it's really to find out, in some ways, there's kind of this grief of, like, Man, I thought this dude was like, you know, I thought it was something different.

Speaker 1  06:47
I'm on Matthias, that's what I'm saying, yeah? Because you, you're determined it off the chain, but you don't, you don't have to play with that. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  06:57
So the other issue is this big, multi month project we were talking about. We did the design phase. The client was happy. They weren't they weren't opposed to the price. They were like, it's well worth it. You bring construction industry and business consulting into the into the engagement, it's been well worth it. My colleague, which is the one who brought the project in the door, is, is was frustrated because we spent 40% Well, 25 to 30% of the total cost of the project was spent in the design phase up front, okay? And he's like, That's too expensive. And, and when we were talking yesterday like, he completely caught me off guard. He was, like, I was talking to Ellis about this. You said something about, you know, you found this project frustrating and and, you know, something about the price, and especially when you've got two people working on it, all this stuff. And so I want to, I want to take it over. And I want to train people. I want to train one of your guys on this. And so I was like, okay, so I circled up with Tim. I was like, Tim, here's, here's where we're at. What do you think? And so we wanted to put Nathan on the project. And he didn't been from the phone call, I don't remember him stating any preference of who he has working on it, and send me an email. Is like, so here's where we're at. Here's here's Nathan's availability. Like, you guys can roll with it. And they shoot back. He's like, Oh, so Tim's not available. And, and he said he was looking, hoping for somebody with more experience. And I'm like, so this whole time, here's what I'm thinking. I'm thinking, first of all, this whole thing about me not me being frustrated with it, apparently, I must have opened my mouth one too many times, and this is heartening back to him trying to be my manager, which is not his

Unknown Speaker  08:50
responsibility Exactly.

Matthias Miller  08:52
And then, second of all, so, second of all, this is a lesson. It's kind of like my brother has been a sounding board, but now I can't even be a sounding board. I mean, like, like, Yeah, I can't. I can't use him as a sounding board anymore.

Unknown Speaker  09:10
No, you can't. And

Matthias Miller  09:12
again, welcome to this world of growing up. I don't want to grow up. I just want to be a kid sometimes, but I know

Speaker 1  09:21
I just Yeah, but you know what? My diet, this is good. This is good growth. Yeah, it's better. These experiences happen in the infamous down here, then the update. I'm just telling you, God is, he's, he's, he's, he's kind he's kind of a very good point. Oh yeah. Matthias, when I get done hardcore hits in the gut, God said, Would you prefer to have learned this over there? I was like, Oh no. God, that's the perfect place. His timing is good. Matthias. Is because he's flushing out people, and that's where you gotta know. Know them, then labor among you. I don't care if they're blood or water. You gotta know, yeah, and that you can say, hallelujah, throw your hands in the air, I'm telling you, Matthias, I'm telling you, then later,

Matthias Miller  10:27
yeah, that's very true. That's very true. That's very true, at least it wasn't two years down the road. So, so and then I'm sitting here, I'm like, this is the stupidest thing I've ever heard. Because, first of all, you don't want the project. You don't have time for the project. You don't like to train people. You don't like to manage projects. The whole reason why you took on this project is that you could just go build stuff on your own without having to involve other people. So why are you taking it over? Furthermore, like, We saved you months of like, if, if we would have done it His way. We would already have started development. We would be halfway through development. We probably wouldn't find out that we that we need to rip out about half of the system and redo it until two months down the road, when they've actually when they're actually using the system, and then we're going to end up with an unmaintainable, complex system that is not going to like, it's not going to be maintainable, and so we've just taken money away from the design phase and and I don't know, let's say we just double it on the development phase, or maybe it's not double, maybe it's just time for time trade. But then we've lost all that time as well. Like

Unknown Speaker  11:35
it feels,

Matthias Miller  11:38
well, first of all, I feel, I feel violated,

Speaker 1  11:41
and you have been and second of all,

Matthias Miller  11:45
this is sheer stupidity. Yeah, I have here. I have on my own dime, wasted 50 grand on software projects. I know what this is like. I know how to avoid it. So just let me do my freaking job like

Speaker 1  11:59
and how about this? I'm gonna do my freaking job anyway, so you're not gonna let me. I'm gonna do my freaking job with or without your agreement. And you don't have to state that to him, but it is what it is. You know what you're dealing with. And it's subtle. Matthias, it's subtle. And you see it, and don't ignore it, and don't and don't do it. You see what I'm saying. Yeah, like you said, You know what you you know now you done, learned some things. You done bought you some sense. You done bought some sense. And nothing compares to buying sense. Yeah, nothing. You're gonna hear Valerie because I'm running downstairs, yeah? But go ahead, keep talking.

Matthias Miller  12:56
So at this point, because he brought the project in the door, it's kind of like, well, I mean, it's, it really is his project. He can do whatever he wants to with it. Okay? It's not good for him. It's not good for the client. I don't even know if, I guess here's the piece. I think, I think part of the piece that I need to figure out is where my boundaries are at. Like, do I even want one of my guys on the project, if we don't run it the way that I, I think it should be run

Speaker 1  13:26
exactly. And come to that conclusion you have to, because now you're thinking like an owner, yeah, yeah. And and don't let him turn you in, Chelsea, because that's what his expertise. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  13:54
Thank you. Okay, yeah, let me share one quick question. There was a lot the city of Chicago had to come and lay up the ground to shut it down. Is that not a mail shop? Did you

Matthias Miller  14:23
hear me? I didn't get I didn't get that. Okay,

Speaker 1  14:27
there was a gang sleep on my block underground, and the Chicago defense company came to shut it down, and they're still working on it. They've been working on it since about, I want to say six o'clock yesterday. I said it's another miracle that they found it. I'm talking about. So I had to move my car last night. And my neighbor, you know, my landlord, she she ran my best. It's like this. The gas trucks are out in big, big old, monstrous trucks. There's a gas leak on our block. I was like, what? So I go down to my heart. Matthias, you could smell the gas. No. Of God, that's, that's nobody for Matthias, yeah, that's my mind. And the house, the woman that owned it, she just moved over the summer. She's been there years and years and years and years. And so if you know, they've been reconstructing, doing, you know, inside stuff and but it wasn't the house, it was underground. But when I passed that house, after I parked my car person down the street, I thought, Oh, my God, I smell gas. Do you know how grateful I was? It didn't have to be, yeah, so we don't, we don't have time, you know, to play with people like that, though, it's those kinds of things that look so for serious about what God calls us to do. You know, yeah, yeah, clearing our lives, yeah, keep doing things that we know his hands is on and not, you know, I couldn't ask the workers. I couldn't actually, how did you guys know? Because, you know, I'm sure they have checkpoints and all it is. But I'm just glad somebody was on their job. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And they are still out there working. That's crazy. It's crazy. Wow, that is crazy. My son and I'm saying, Lord, you have, you know, it's so many beautiful a lot of them are seniors, you know, these 100 year old property and so their family in law. And I was like, oh my god, yeah, so I had all that testimony in that's awesome.

Matthias Miller  17:22
Here's the parallel. Sometimes you stick, stick your nose in places and it stinks, and you realize that it's you've just stuck your nose into something that's a spark away from an explosion. Come

Unknown Speaker  17:37
on. You better write that. Sick, Mr. Cold house, because God, I'm telling you, Matthias, it blew my mind. You are one smell away from an explosion.

Matthias Miller  18:02
Okay? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's a pretty big perspective. Shift from, why is this so smelly, to thank God it didn't blow up

Speaker 1  18:17
because he wasn't like, what is this and what is this? A message from Sherry, this whole block has to look, come on, yeah. Matthias, the house where I smelled it is three houses away from me. And I said, art houses, you know, they're tight. You get a lot of land, three houses, like, three doors down. Wow, wow. And so they they are. They're underground from that house further, like maybe one or two houses to the to the left of that house, now, then all the way to my house, which is three houses from that house, and I'm not saying that's my house, but it's my landmark. I and I just had my 60th birthday. Can you imagine? Can you imagine? Yeah, we don't even want that. Who he is, Matthias, yeah, yeah, yeah. I have two sermons I'm sending you at your leisure, no rush. One is called how to deal with rejection. The other one is by this lady. She just died. Her name is Iona lot. She is one of the most profound speakers in the black community when it comes to the kingdom of God. She she just died December 18. But anyway, Matthias, I'm going to send you those videos. And man, you going to get somewhere to sit down? You going to say, no, a video. I'm straight. I promise you, Matthias, because God is leading us somewhere to break the back of the enemy. This is a stronghold. This guy breaking the strongman. Matthias, yeah. We're going after him. We're going after kingdom,

Matthias Miller  20:11
yeah, yeah, yeah, which means we're gonna run up some, run up against some things that

Speaker 1  20:18
aren't Come on. You gonna run up on some Goliath, and guess what? They gonna be in your neighborhood telling you what to do. No, you don't he over there telling them, cussing them out, cussing out David's brothers, then is dancing him to stick them lunch. And they over behind the rock somewhere, hiding. And they was like, what he say? He gonna do? What to us in Israel? Yeah, yeah. Miller, time.

Matthias Miller  20:52
My clock's coming coming.

Speaker 1  20:54
I know it is. And you need to look at that very boy and say, Time is ticking. Time is ticking because God has put you on a rhythm. Matthias, you own. The only reason there's Miller's time listen. The only reason Vivian is standing here talking to you is because he told the gas company there's about to be an explosion. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And guess what? There are spiritual explosions, and they are demonic explosions, and there are natural explosives, and it's time for a kingdom explosion, Matthias spirit. Get it in your spirit.

Matthias Miller  21:39
Wow.

Speaker 1  21:42
The timing of this call. You weren't supposed to have a conversation with me yesterday. You supposed to have a conversation after I found out my dad gone block was about to go up in flames. Yeah, yeah. If this ain't simple, I don't know what it is Matthias, yeah, even in the mid, you know, and it's not a it's not a mistake that your explosion happened last night and mine was supposed to. But God intervenes, yeah, yeah. He entertained. He intervened, just like he's intervening with you, showing you what you're dealing with. Let me tell you something. Who's in charge here? That's what Goliath thought he was in charge Matthias And he wasn't in charge of anything, yeah. And he had people thinking he was in charge because his brother, David's brother, was over there hiding. Come on, keep your mouth closed. You don't know who you're dealing with. No, you keep your mouth closed. I know God sent me to see that. Yep, there's a fire in your belly. Let it roar now, that's for you. Matthias, we want you to dominate.

Speaker 1  23:15
Yeah, and you don't, and you don't have no apologies for dominating. You don't, you don't apologize. First of all, you hired Ian. Ian didn't hire you. Yeah, he worked for the people, but still, it ain't his money, nope, and it's not his call. And you're being gracious and kind. And I'm telling you, I'm sure David wanted to say, Well, Mr. Goliath, what's the problem? But the light was breathing nasty to them. He was being nasty. He was and they was like, No, I'm not gonna be nice with him. I'm gonna take his head off. So this is hard for the course, you are absolutely right. It's hard for the course

Matthias Miller  24:02
you work, oh, boy.

Matthias Miller  24:19
Wow. I All right, well, what one of my friends, one of my friends, sent me a staples easy button.

Unknown Speaker  24:37
I love it.

Matthias Miller  24:41
You're saying that I'm like, the first time in my mind is like, that was easy. Come on.

Speaker 1  24:47
And you better hit that button, because that's a symbol of, wait a minute. This is not as difficult as I think you're right. That's the point. Bam. It's

Matthias Miller  24:55
a budget. And I'm thinking, I need one for my Miller time. You.

Speaker 1  25:00
Oh yeah, you do. And get and get it made everything you need to, to encourage yourself. Matthias, because when I think about Gideon, oh, my goodness, and I think about, I can't imagine, even with my own life, like they were saying, God, absolutely. I mean, walking through by myself. I'm like, Lord, I need a sojourner. He's like, because they're not ready. You say, No, Vivian, they're not ready. I know how I should to Gideon. I know how I molded you. I know who your grandparents were. I know you know all of the things that went right and all the things that went wrong by it. Are from God, dear. They're all from God. Now we made choice, and we know we have some doings in the matter, but at the same time, he said, Oh, what Satan think he using for evil? Imma, use that. Oh, they not gonna even understand. You know, that pain, that rejection, that misunderstanding, that, that injustice, oh, I'm gonna use that down the road. And, you know, and it's almost like we're hanging on the thread saying, Please, God, don't use that, you know, like Jesus in the guard against something like, Hey, is there another way to do this? These people really trying to kill me for real. They want to kill me beyond recognition. And so you take the crucifixion, Matthias, but you don't back down for nobody. Yeah, nobody, yeah. And, and you said, I'm straight, because you know what? Matthias may tell you something, what I'm saying, and this is what I'm hearing. And I have people, they say, No, he can't be that this, and he can't be that day. You know how people just come to straight, test you and try you, and you're thinking, what is this? You know? You feeling the nudge, you're feeling the piercing the side, you fill in the cat of nine tails. You you pretty much have to look up and say, you know, I can't imagine when Jesus found out. Oh, my God. Well, he knew, you know, he had, he had some discernment. And he knew, you know, God was, was definitely showing him people, you know, he saw Peter, he saw Judah, and you know, you're thinking, but then he knew the prophecy right that had been placed on his life, how he's gone or turned over. And so it's like, This is Our Story, Matthias, this is our story, and we gotta walk it out. And God, you're with me, and I'm not scared of nobody. I'm telling you, Matthias, you didn't get all the fear out of me in these 60 years. I will eat you for lunch, and then the one more thing could be my breakfast, and then you going to sing, see the wrong one. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, I do. Yeah, I know, you know. And so that's why we having this conversation, because God, often times, is proven to people who we are, Matthias, because they like he came in, came in the door. Imma run this. And no, you're not, you're not running this. And what's unfortunate, it shows you His immaturity. Because Matthias, let me tell you something. God had me sitting at the table with those millionaires because he said, Viv You about to get there millions. And I understood that. I understood that Matthias and we were building that high school, that Jesuit High School, and they were just hauling to the purse strings, doing nothing with it. It's like you're kidding me, the needs that are in these communities, and you're supposed to be serving people, but you serving yourself and sitting on your fat whatever it is saying. Look it up. Look at what we got. Look at it and God is like, aren't you kidding me? Are you kidding me? I gave you that wealth, I gave you that increase, I gave you that paper, because it was the ones that don't have, you know. So no, you don't, you don't back down because your good is so much higher. Matthias, and you're going to always run into the individual that sing the same song, dress the same way, and you look and you say, No, this is not one of us. This is not one of us, and if you don't see it, God will identify them, yeah, yeah, yeah, you're the right one. You're the right one. He didn't make a mistake. There's never been a mistake in your life. Yes, Matthias And don't you wear one? Yeah, no, you let people project their problems on you. Very true.

Speaker 1  30:14
Very true. Yeah, so I'm excited. This is supposed to happen. Yesterday was supposed to happen. He was supposed to be on your team. Because, you know, when Matthias, those kind exist, yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  30:35
That makes me all the more hopeful. Imagine, imagine an ops guy

Speaker 1  30:41
without that led by the Holy Spirit, yeah, yeah, yeah. And that's the thing, and that's why it's the Matthias pray in the Holy Ghost. Matthias do what you gotta do and encourage yourself. Because here's the thing, if you're Joseph, you don't, you know if famine is coming and you got to get to the palace, but your brother's gonna throw you in the dirt. Who wants that story? Yep, from your blood, not from your ones. You know, these were your brothers. These were your big brothers, the brothers who were counting on to direct you in life. Matthias, I had to have it so many times. God will reveal things. I'm like, Oh Lord, why don't you let me see that, and I'll just go somewhere and cry, and you say, wipe them to you, because you need to know. Still deal business, yeah, but where I'm taking you. You've got to know this. You've got to experience this. My heart will be crushed, yeah, and that's what you felt. You become brief of God. When we get in God's face and we say we're one thing, and everything we do says something else. And God is saying, I am totally disappointed, you know, but the grace is saying, but we feeling what he feels. Matthias, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So welcome kingdom, rulership, kingdom, government, governing. It's real. Yeah, yeah,

Matthias Miller  32:28
yeah. There's one other piece to this that I wanted to bring in, which I don't know that we can necessarily dissect right now either. But,

Unknown Speaker  32:38
okay,

Matthias Miller  32:43
one of the things that became so clear to me after this, or just it was just so clear after and after this exchange, and the way some of these things were handled that for years, for years, I blamed, I blamed my boss for kind of everything that went down, okay, and there's a lot that, there's a lot that was done in ignorance, but I never, I never put two and two together that at the end of the day, feels like Josh so, so Josh was actually my manager on the software team, okay? And I never put two and two together that. Again, I don't even want to say this, but that he was the one. He was one to put me under to keep me under his thumb.

Speaker 1  33:42
Uh huh, yeah, because and tell me why he did that. Why did he do that?

Unknown Speaker  33:54
Tell me, what are you hearing? Why did he do that? The

Matthias Miller  33:58
only reason I can think of is that it was a threat to

Speaker 1  34:01
him, exactly, Matthias. And you're a threat to so many, and the last thing in the earth you want to be is the threat. You're thinking, I'm the guy. I'm the best guy to have on your team. And God said, but I didn't call you to be on nobody's team. And so I raised up a pharaoh every time I need you to move. I'm telling you every if you need to do something, he raised up a pharaoh because he said, like, Convo, okay, we're just gonna we're gonna survive now, guys, like, there is a promised land, get your hands up. I'm allowing him to do this to you and do that to you, because this not where you in. That's it. Yeah, yeah,

Matthias Miller  34:50
yeah. And then there's a surrender with that as well. Because if, if, um.

Matthias Miller  35:00
Or a yieldedness to him, I guess, is really

Speaker 1  35:02
the word, okay, submission, yeah, to him, like, Don't you know what you're doing, and I got a soul, and I don't have to go with the people with a noose on my neck. Come on, we don't kill you. It's you know, or you can't breathe, you can't think, you can't function. Matthias, that was the story of my life, and I just got used to it. You know this last place I was last June, God said, It's time ago. You know what I said? Okay, you know what I did? Went and wrote my resignation letter. I'm not fighting with you, God, I'm not gonna fight with you. I'm gonna do what you tell me to do, even if it just put me in a tailspin of despair, and, oh, my God. And, you know, because, again, Matthias, he's developing trust in us. You know, we got we got big fish to fry, brother, we got big fish to cry. Matthias, when you think about just your own life, this thing about what it took for God to make you with the character you have, the courage, the confidence that the skills I'm telling you, Matthias, man, oh, God, I got to obey, because, rather than me disobey Matthias And I embarrass God, he'll kill me like this. He'll put Eli on me. He'll put it fall on me. I'll end up falling on my own sword. And this is the thing too. This is the crazy thing. Matthias, we didn't ask the none of this. Yeah, we didn't want to be that person. We were, come on. Matthias, I'm talking to me. When I talk to you, why you think I am? Yeah. Matthias, we didn't. It's like, Lord, please don't, please i everywhere I go. You know what I do now, I've learned, like, shut your mouth and just wait your turn. Because if you if you go for folks gonna tremble, sit down on your hands until I unleash you like, yeah, he's just showing you you Matthias, he's showing your shape and your molding Your design, Brother, you are a bad to the bone software yourself. Thank God, guys, but you gotta walk in it. You're walking it out. You're not backtracking. God takes no pleasure in those that draw back. We will not draw back. Matthias, the good is much higher than somebody being mad at me because I'm Vivian or angry at me because I'm a woman, or angry at me because I'm black. You gotta talk to God about that. He did that. Yeah, I didn't do that. No apologies. Yeah. And people who come alongside you and and humble themselves. Oh my gosh, they will be so glad they did, because Matthias God is in the business of pruning. He's in series of prison, if you want to, if you problem, you're getting pruned, whoever you are. Yeah. No exception, yeah, so he's building a king. He's not building a prince. You're a king, yeah, he's not building a prince. You're an heir to what's in the earth that belongs to God Matthias. Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  38:42
And it used to be frustrating. And you know, you earn, you earn rulership by stewardship, which used to be frustrating because the only stewardship I knew was human stewardship, which I absolutely suck at. And and the good news is that all that the stewardship is, is obedience and stewarding his voice.

Speaker 1  39:03
Come on. Matthias, write that somewhere and sell it to everybody. And this phone call, is it being recorded? Yep, it is good. You go back and you take some nuggets out and you use you use them. Matthias, this is gold from heaven, brother, you bring forth gold, yeah, and we can take the heat. Yeah, we're fireproof.

Matthias Miller  39:40
Well, there's a term about anti fragile, but there's this, I mean, heat doesn't destroy it just makes better,

Speaker 1  39:46
yeah. So bring it and unit, yeah, bring it, because I'm getting better, and send me that word so I can use it. Text it, tell me. But I'm telling you, Matthias God got us. Oh, my God, he. Gotta see every step of the way, every pain, every hurt, and so I will. I'm gonna send you those two videos, and they come bad to the bone, hauling black people so get through the hollering, because they got a horrible message for the Kingdom. And we gotta get through. We gotta get there. Matthias, and it's the fire, it's the disappointment, it's the disagreements, it's the I thought you was this, and, you know, I mean, they break it down because they had to endure it themselves. And so when you hear this story, is this like a man on fire running out the house, I'm like, put the fire and God say no, dos more, more gasoline on them. You know? He's saying, man, God, I'm tired of burning. The guy said, and I'm tired of the draw. We're tired of burning. And he said, I'm tired of the draw, yeah, yeah, yeah, you're on the other side, Matthias, you know why? Let me tell you why. You know, I know you on the other side. The number 60 means the other side. If I'm on the other side, you own up that. Come on. And the blessing in that Matthias is I went through stuff you will never go through, because I can smell it when I got out of my car. I could smell that gas. Yeah, I could smell that invisible danger. And that is where my anointing is to smell the visible danger. Matthias,

Matthias Miller  41:43
wow, wow. And well, wow.

Speaker 1  41:56
Soon as we start talking, God will begin to get in my ear. Ask him this, ask him that say that state of living, it is smooth as butter. Matthias, it's not a hug and a butt. It's not a scream. I don't have to run around the room to hear from God. He is mine, and I am here his. And when he want me to hear something, he will say it this, man, let me show you. Matthias, I was at um, again, this is really going to bless you. And this gentleman, he was in the back and the corner, and I think I told you this story before, he was in the back in the corner just on his phone, on his phone, besides, and I wasn't offended, because I'm working with business people. I'm working marketplace, some stuff come with territory. So he was in the back, you know, in the corner, just on it, song, on this song, and, you know, somebody, other people looking at them crazy, like, don't even know we, you know, but I, I've learned that you can let people do what they do, and you don't even know why, so don't make assumptions. So Matthias man was back and making, I forget how many millions, maybe a $6 million deal or something. It was huge. I don't remember the number, but it was huge. So he was back as I had gotten to everybody in the room, right? And then finally I was thinking. I said, Okay, God, I guess, I guess I could just call him up front, because people were leaving. They were done. You know, we had gotten to everybody. And I said, Sir in the back, and God called him a billion dollar baby, right? And he was fat. He was plump. He looked just like, you know, that baby on the you know, The Millionaire, yeah, big fat baby, right? And I said, God is calling you the Billion Dollar Baby. And he looked at me, it, I don't know if it was a billion dollar country. I don't know Matthias, but he just looked at me like he had seen a ghost. And I said, well, and I thought he was offended. And I said, Well, I said, You guys forgive me, but I have to give you what God has given me. He said, Vivian, do you understand what just happened? I said, No. He said, I just got a, I think it was a $10 million contract. He said, I just got a $10 million I said, Shut up, you know. But do you see the power of God? Matthias, yes. God said, Don't bother that man. Lead a man along. Vivi I wasn't even tempted to bother him, because I understand in the marketplace, people have to do what they do. Yeah. You can't be easily offended. It's fine. It's working, and that's how we deal with if this is not working, yes, yeah, and that's, that's what was happening. And when God called this man up here just he said, the phone buzzed. Viv I just got a check. We got, I want to say, give me my cut. Give me my cut. You know, yeah. Matthias, we're not your average Joes, you. Yeah, yeah, you're not. You're not. Yeah. And every time somebody try to punk you, I'm going in, I'm gonna say, What are you doing?

Speaker 1  45:18
He raised me on the west side of Chicago for a reason. Matthias, that's awesome. He's awesome. Yes, he

Matthias Miller  45:29
is. Go ahead. I get to tell them, they better back down. Are they gonna skin to do with you?

Speaker 1  45:38
You better know it. Matthias, you don't want to deal with my big sister. She's a lioness, and then this little, demure black woman, they be like, What man, if she has to deal with you, you don't want none of her. You don't That's it. That's all Matthias, all of, all of Heaven is backing you up, sir, yeah, because we've got a gatekeeper into your camp. Yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  46:17
yeah, you can exhale, exhale and dust the you know how you dust some off your shoulder, like that, and even hurt. You dust it off your shoulder, and you say, Okay, next, because let me tell you something. Ian is nervous,

Speaker 1  46:36
and he should be, but either you come with the right motive or you don't, yeah, yeah, yeah. I just can't

Matthias Miller  46:48
have it. Can't wait to have an honest conversation with his boss about how things are going

Speaker 1  46:52
and gonna happen, and make sure it happens Matthias station, because it will tell you much. He will say things to you that he ain't even saying, yeah, yeah. Because nobody throws anybody under the bus. Because we all think about, is this a learning curve for this person? I love it. Oh, my goodness. Matthias, I got stories with some knuckleheads that were in charge, and all the time, you're giving them all the respect, and you know, you're sticking with protocol. And I'm telling you, I broke out on those Jesuit priests. I was dealing with the head. I went dealing with the the the pollens. I was dealing with the head and, you know, and got me to keep my mouth closed the whole time, and I'm watching them, and I'm saying, and I'm saying, God, these people are ridiculous. How can they be who they say they are? You know, it was grief, and I would go home and I would cry out and pray, and I said, God, what these people are doing are evil. And blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, he just let me, let me, let me not have to go back. Go back to another meeting, go back, go back, you know. And then Matthias, when they said that they were not building the school, the question to them was, did man tell you not to build the school, or did God? And that was all God ever wanted me to say to these people. They went silent. Yeah. He told me how to say it. He told me what quote to use, and and, you know, but he showed me Vivian. There is wickedness in high places. Don't be deceived man. And guess what? One out of 12 is a devil, Matthias, one out of 12 of the people. That was the ratio for Jesus. Of course, it's shrunk the the ratio has shrunk probably one out of three, or one out of four now, or one out of two, you know, but, but the faithfulness of God, Matthias, he wouldn't let me give up, because that story was probably almost 20 years old. Now, Matthias, it was 2000 Okay, 2003 2006 is when we started, no was about 2004 when we started the project, I think they started building like maybe 2006 so it's 14 years old or older. So you know, if I got my times right, but it's almost 20 years old, and he told us no, and the school is thriving, and it's producing some of the best and the finest out of the ghetto of Chicago. Wow. Jesuit College Prep High School, 99% of them graduate from college Matthias. That's wild. That's God. But you better know, i. Took a whooping Dylan, yeah, yeah, Christ the King. One of the community members named it Christ the King. She said, Because of what we went through to get this school built, we gotta name it up to Jesus. Yeah, Christ the King, Jesuit, college prep, yeah, wow, Matthias, and it was so desperately needed, but I but and listen, oh, I deserve testimonies. I have of just dealing with crazy people, you know, and it just made me fearless and made me tenacious and made me wise and humbled me because God was saying this, I'll use anybody. Don't nobody tell me who to use,

Matthias Miller  50:52
because he'll not only use the Pharaoh to reroute you, but also give you the money you need as he kicks you out the door.

Speaker 1  50:59
That's what I'm saying. That's what I'm saying. That's I'll change your your posterity, I'll change your lineage. I'll change your life and your family. Because you say mom and dad ain't gotta be like this. Let me show you something. Then the people that the families need in the process is shifting nation. Yeah. Mm, 10, yeah, yeah. So we gotta pay the price Matthias, we gotta go through we gotta go through a fire. We gotta walk through the flood, you know, Yep, yeah.

Speaker 1  51:45
Yeah, you're the one, and you got it. You got what it takes, because God already put it in you. You just i When Jesus turned their blood to wine, Matthias, I'm sure he was like, what, you know what I'm saying. Remember you 100% man, he's like what I know he's like, if y'all, if you only knew, I'm just as surprised as you are, honestly. And we go through that Matthias, we go through we go, Whoa, God, that worked. Oh, thank you, Jesus. We know. We somewhere all in this screaming like, whoo, wiping the sweat Brown. Like, whoa, it works, yeah, as painful as I got, Matthias, if he put us in the battle, we've already won, dear, yeah, yeah, you wouldn't be there. He don't lose. We don't lose Matthias, so we stay with them. We stick with them. We don't, we don't take down, Okay, God, I'm in here. I'm in here with you. I'm scared, but I'm in here. Yeah, I don't know what you're gonna do next, but I'm in here. Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  53:12
Good,

Speaker 1  53:13
yeah, this is time, because you know what you did. You woke me up out of my sleep when I get ready. By the time you play valid and I'm tired, I'm like, Oh Lord, just give me a nap. Give me one nap. Give me one you know. So you want me fresh, straight out of my sleep. All the good brother, that's what good sir. That's the power of rest. Matthias, yeah, yeah. It's a beautiful thing, yeah. And I need you to rest during this time with the family so they can really experience your love and your presence. There's none like having daddy there to listen to your craziness. You know? Yeah, yeah, cool, cool, cool. And again, when you can just check me, there where you at with these little ones, I just, you know when I see the phone. Oh. Matthias, I was doing this. I was in the tent, they were putting makeup on me. They was doing this and that, yeah, because we just let them have their way. Now, this is their time. It's really bad time. Yeah, God, God has you. He's got you, and he's moving it. You. Good, sounds good? So I bless you and the family. I bless everything you guys do. Just let it be loaded with love and loaded with fun. And relax is what I'm hearing God say, Matthias, he's got you, yeah, the relaxation is just as important as the work. Yeah, he got you. He's proud of you. So am I cool?

Matthias Miller  55:18
Cool, cool, cool, cool. So good,

Speaker 1  55:24
good. All right, so until we talk again, okay, all right, you guys in my career too. Sounds good. Appreciate it. All right, here. Love you guys. Yep, thanks, Jimmy. Okay, you're welcome. Bye, bye. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai