Matthias Miller  00:00
Yeah, so I got to keep this short, because I got to drop off. But the good news is, I don't know if you remember one of the accountability coaches that I was working with, and we were not getting along, and was frustrating and all of this stuff, yeah, and so the call this morning he he messaged me, asking if we're on, and I didn't respond, because I didn't know what to respond, so I just left it, and he called his usual time and asked me with a barrage of questions and just wanting to move, move things forward, move things to closure, all of these types of things. And about five minutes in or Well, one of the things I started doing is I started taking my time give him his answer, controlling the flow of the conversation and and a bit of the way through the call, I was like, this is, well, yeah, and by doing that like, we were able to get down to the core essence of what what it is that I need to focus on. And instead of trying to come up with answers for questions that didn't really have a clear answer, I was able to turn them back around into, basically, basically turn them back around of like, Well, how am I supposed to create the exact steps if part of what we need to do is create the next steps? And I got to the end of the call, hung up the call. I was like, This guy is cut from exactly the same cloth as Ian, Oh, wow. Think I just had a practice session of how to relate with people like that.

Unknown Speaker  01:46
Wow, that's great. It's crazy.

Matthias Miller  01:54
Things back to like Okay, so now I got two people I get, I get two hides of camel hair, and I'm being behind the camel hair. Yeah,

Speaker 1  02:05
crazy. Matthias, that is so powerful. I love him. I love him. And you know what, Matthias, what? What is God saying to you about that? About your two camel here? What is he saying? Because it's always important to know, God, what are you saying?

Matthias Miller  02:31
Well, I think, I think, I think the big thing is, is that there's a way for me to be fully. Me push back on them, leverage them, their strengths, and still allow them to be and for them to be them.

Speaker 1  02:47
Yeah, and that's powerful, and that that's powerful within itself, Matthias, because it's not about us demolishing anybody. It's about I know who you are. I know your rhythm. I know, and this is how I deal with you. And you get to choose, because, again, you're the driver Matthias. They are not, neither one of them. You get to determine the boundary. You get to determine the frequency of it. Yeah, you see what I'm saying. Because what I love about God when I think about Moses of No, yeah, it was Moses. How many times did he have to tell nappy head Pharaoh to let his people go? It was but you know what he did? He understood his assignment Matthias, and he completed it that that Pharaoh's stupid nasty, whatever he was doing didn't stop him from here. He and what he what did he do? Every time he pulled a nasty on him, he went to God. And God said, and go right back. And this is what I want you to say, because here's the thing, Matthias, if, if John the Baptist was sent to tear the heads off of the Sadducees and the Pharisees, those that was his audience, and he was their heads off, even though they came after his as well, but he didn't, he didn't slow down, he didn't stop being who God sent him to be, yeah, and that's critical in this hour, because it's a whole lot of it's too much out of order. Matthias, I have a message I want you to see this going to blow your mind. And the timing of this thing is so perfect. And I'm getting ready, I'm going to get this link. This gentleman is on Facebook. His name is Darius Daniels, and when you look at it, no rush or push, but when you see it, it's going to blow your mind, Matthias, and it's going to speak to your two. To John the Baptist. We do camel camel here people. And probably you got a whole string of camel hair people coming, because this generation is loaded with them, Matthias, and we got to deal with them, you know. And and God has given us the grace to do it. I'm sending that to you right now. Matthias, I really want you to see this, and don't let me hold you up from what you got to do. But I need you to see this before we talk.

Matthias Miller  05:31
Okay, I'll take a look. It's

Speaker 1  05:36
going to set you on fire. Okay, awesome. All right,

Matthias Miller  05:41
cool, okay, sounds good. Appreciate Vivian, get back.

Unknown Speaker  05:44
You're welcome. Bye, bye. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai