Speaker 1  00:00
Well, I am, you're, you're, I'm blessed. Yes, you are. So how did it go with Craig? Was it what was what was his name? Your your cousin, Craig? Craig, yeah, I got to make a note. I got to make a note of his name. How did the talk go? I mean, or what can you say? Regardless, I feel

Matthias Miller  00:32
like it was a good conversation

Matthias Miller  00:39
with where I am right now. Honestly, it looks really challenging to have these types of conversations just because I needed I feel like I need to tend to where I'm at right now, okay, but it doesn't mean that, yeah, I don't know.

Speaker 1  01:09
Yeah, I mean it, you know, it's a beginning of a conversation. It doesn't all the answers and how it feels, you know, because you don't know. And so that's okay. That's okay not to know,

Matthias Miller  01:27
yeah, that's okay.

Speaker 1  01:30
So the thing is, you're initiating something, and it you gotta, you gotta ride it out and see what is Yeah. What is it?

Matthias Miller  01:44
And I think there's a good bit of wrestling through vision of what this is supposed to look like,

Matthias Miller  01:57
which that can happen. I think for him, for him, he's looking for there a way I can use, rather than using my marketing skills to build other businesses, why not use it for my own business and experience, the experience, the benefits myself?

Unknown Speaker  02:18
Yeah, for sure.

Matthias Miller  02:21
And so he's kind of offering that, or he's kind of raising that same question on the software side, like, like, why would I not do the same thing? And and I'm just not, you know where I'm at right now. I'm not ready for that, but we can certainly have those kind of conversations.

Speaker 1  02:40
Mm, hmm. And the good thing your terms are your terms, and if you you know, if you don't see a connection of some sort, right now, that's perfectly okay. Perfectly okay. We don't until we have a conversation. Mm. No,

Unknown Speaker  03:10
yeah,

Speaker 1  03:15
how feeling and doing? How are you feeling? How are you doing? I

Matthias Miller  03:24
i Honestly, I feel like I've had the wind knocked out of me,

Unknown Speaker  03:28
okay, and how, in what way.

Matthias Miller  03:42
So this weekend was challenging for my wife and I. The good news is we're way better at resolving conflict than we used to be good. That is good news. I don't know. I just I've honestly felt

Matthias Miller  04:14
it's been a while since I've felt so out of it, and so I them I

Matthias Miller  04:27
don't usually well, if you don't usually feel like I don't often fight discouragement, But it's kind of been that okay, and kind of it's just lots of little things. Got an email from Ian, and we made an agreement to do give him give him some features on. A software that he uses with the nonprofit. He sold it to the board. It didn't work as expected. And I'm sitting over here thinking multiple things. First of all, anyway. First of all, he was the tester on the project, so if it didn't work, it kind of shows he didn't do his job. And I was in the ones line to the board. I wasn't trying to get them to buy it, and they wanted to buy it and and now he's wanting a refund. And I'm just like, Ian, this is ridiculous. Like, yeah, this is you're trying to get me to pay off your guilt,

Speaker 1  05:39
to save your face, did you say that? Not

Matthias Miller  05:44
yet. I haven't had a conversation. I told him, maybe it's better that we talk.

Unknown Speaker  05:47
Oh yeah, for sure.

Matthias Miller  05:51
Pretty sure. I pretty sure all the thoughts, all the thoughts going through, through my mind, would probably not have been the best received email. Okay, just, but, I mean, it was just like, I don't know, like, Ian, seriously, I have made, I mean, my thought went back to one of the times where I was driving, I was working for the nonprofit here driving a truck and trailer, and had the brake set, set too hot on the on the trailer, and completely ruined the trailer tires. Oh, wow. And the guy was working for made zero big deal about it. And to this day, I don't know if he paid for them out of pocket or not, but he went out and replaced four tires in the trailer.

Unknown Speaker  06:54
Oh, wow.

Matthias Miller  06:57
And like, if he has an experience, if he doesn't experience that grace. And it's, I don't know, it's got experience that grace somewhere, yeah? And it's, doesn't mean it needs to be me,

Unknown Speaker  07:13
yeah? Yeah. That's

Matthias Miller  07:14
that expectation that, I mean, and now we see it. I mean, we see it in so much of like here Matthias, here's the plan. Of course, this will work, and it should work the first time. And why didn't it work the first time?

Speaker 1  07:28
That's his view of things.

Matthias Miller  07:34
That's my perception of his view of things.

Unknown Speaker  07:36
Okay, okay.

Matthias Miller  07:40
And maybe, you know, maybe it doesn't come out quite like that, but still kind of underlying that is, yeah, I don't

Speaker 1  07:48
know. And you know what to Matthias. One thing I know about I'm learning or hearing or discern regarding Ian, is that he's super hard on himself, and he has these unrealistic, unrealistic expectations of himself that nobody else has. It's coming somewhere, but it's not coming from you. It's not coming from the team, and there's this urge to perform in him that is unrealistic too, because that's not your demand on him. It's a dialog. It's not a monolog you. You're talking to one another. And so yeah, there's, there's definitely some major stress on him that it's deep seated. It's not a stressor from something current. It's old. It's old. There's luggage there. That's best way I can describe it. And it's not when I speak to it. It's not to be negative or to be disparaging, it's because I see it, yeah, it's what I see. Yeah, yeah, critical. Because, yeah, a grace is critical.

Matthias Miller  09:20
And I think me, it's easy for me to pity myself. I mean, I did, yeah, let me just make some notes. This is one of those man man for the job

Unknown Speaker  09:33
things. Yeah, it's a joke.

Matthias Miller  09:37
I really don't feel like

Speaker 1  09:42
it's not the time right timing, yeah, well, that's true. He

Matthias Miller  09:47
could have certainly asked this at a much better time for me, and he doesn't know i.

Speaker 1  10:00
And I'll say this, Matthias, and when I experience stuff like that, you know, with individuals, my take is interesting, because my take is, now, you know what you don't know. You know what I'm saying, Matthias, you know how there's people you can't tell them, but then they learn. And that's the one rub in anybody's face, mud or anything. But it's like, I hope you know now. It's very interesting. It's like with the kids, don't put your hand in socket, and then they get a little root, because the little fingers will wet. They get a little shock, and then they run to you, and the only thing can say, It's okay. That's why I didn't want to put your hand in the socket. Yeah. So they've gotten the experience. So, yeah. So and did, do you have all the details of what happened? Or,

Matthias Miller  11:01
yeah, I do. I mean, he wrote a very detailed email, and I'm familiar with the situation, at least to some degree, okay, but, you know, I don't know. As an example, I don't know if this pressure is, My hunch is this pressure is internal. It's just just a guilt complex. But it's possible that? Well, I think that's what it is. It is possible that he's getting some pressure from

Speaker 1  11:25
somewhere else. Do you know his wife? Do you know his wife? No, I don't. Okay. His wife is his wife. I think his wife? Is his wife, Tim's sister, or is it, am I doing it the other way? Is it? Is Ian?

Matthias Miller  11:48
Tim is married to Ian's sister. I believe.

Speaker 1  11:52
Okay, Tim married to Ian's sister. Okay, okay. What? What? What about when I when I think about him, and I don't see him really reaching out in the sense of, if he's hurting because of the loss of a baby, you know, I'm just curious, is he and Tim? Are they close?

Matthias Miller  12:20
They're close, but I don't know if I personally don't see Ian is so businesslike and to the point that I honestly don't know if he would reach or how much he would reach out specifically for that,

Speaker 1  12:41
yeah, that's what I was thinking, yeah, and, and that'll kill you, because community, community is so hell, and it's different from me and Matthias. It's really different, yeah? And they tend to, well, I won't say them, and I won't be I want generalize. I know of sometimes I'm careful how I say it, because it's not all men. But I think about and I'm going to say this Matthias, and I don't know where this is coming from, but your father to them, especially, probably to Ian, and you're probably the father he don't want want. You know, we understand what I'm

Matthias Miller  13:27
saying. I do. I am the gift that most people need in a package they don't really want. I'll be honest, kind of used to that

Speaker 1  13:39
and but it trains you. It groomed you. Matthias, okay? In other words, I'm the gift that's wrapped in newspaper. You know? It's like, where's the bow and, and all the pretty glitzy, glittery. And it's like, No, we just grabbed a comic strip and we put we left again, and, and so I flavor. I'm telling you within your flavor is everything, and I think we need to pray for him.

Speaker 1  14:07
Matthias, I think he, he, he. And I'm saying it in a positive sense, you are an intercessor, and you're a father in every sense of the word. And guess who gets all the blame? Who gets all the blame? Dad, it's your fault. I have pimples. It's your fault. Boys don't like me. It's your fault. I don't have any friends like Well, I'm not out there with you, meeting, you know, honestly, somebody, somebody gets the blame, sir, until we grow up, until we optimize really, really. Because, honestly, my niece, it was the craziest thing, the baby Aubrey, her her Nana. To put up her tree, and she got ornaments on it. And I'm thinking, what were you thinking? This is a two year old. Keep the fruit high. Don't, don't, don't have the ornaments blow. She gets her hands on a and then my sister, you can tell she's not used to having a two year old around. My sister gets on an ornament with sequins on them. Matthias, she gets a whole sequence stuck in her gum on Yeah, at my birthday party, and she's just going around, grabbing her ears and screaming and grabbing it. So then we like ivory, let us see. Let us see. She's fighting. Don't want you, you know, because obviously it tamed her when she opened her mouth. So we're like, what is what is it there? And true enough, she has a sequence lodged in her gums, between her tooth and her gums. Wow. And it was bloody murder getting it out of her mouth. The whole neighborhood said they're killing that baby, whatever they're doing to this baby, I'm telling you. Matthias, it was a nightmare and but it was a 15, maybe 10 Minute nightmare, because they think I said, Well, get a toothpick, you know, because lions think is get the doggone thing out of it. They're like, we can't use a toothpick. What if, whatever it is, I'm thinking, Well, I don't know what to tell you to do. And so people thinking floss. And then we had the string flaws. We didn't have the little, you know, hook thing. Oh, Lord. So I started praying with that so much stuff. I just said, Jesus, please help them get the whatever it is. We didn't know what it was until they got it out and it was a safe place, yeah. Oh, my God, so much. I think about it my birthday party, and why am I dealing with a screaming two year old, you know? But, but, but, that was what we had to address. Yeah, we got a sequence lodged in her gum, and it didn't bleed or anything. Thank God she was working. She just was dancing and singing and going about her business. And that's the beauty of children. They're resilient, and they bounce back fast. But a dog, they carry it for 25 years. Matthias, yeah, we've got to commit him to prayer, yeah, and you got to tell God the truth, Matthias, because that'll be good for you. You It's like detoxing. It's like an EN detox, Okay, gotta get them out of your system, and you gotta thank God for him. Yeah, he said, give Him thanks in all things, like not for all things in the middle of it? Did they specifically ask for a refund?

Matthias Miller  18:11
He did. He did. Yeah, Ian did. I don't think they did. Ian did

Speaker 1  18:18
a refund. Oh, no, it's like you said, Are you going to pay it? Ah, that's not his call. I mean, I'm starting to die from getting a little like,

Matthias Miller  18:30
Yeah, I think it's a bunch of nonsense. I mean, like, like, but I think He's blinded by

Speaker 1  18:38
himself, by himself, yeah, he don't see himself. So Matthias, give me the details now what? What transpired was he, was this a client that he was working with, or was it, you said? Was it his church? Or get give me just bullet points of Yeah, what happened? So way, way back,

Matthias Miller  19:07
one of my colleagues built a system for their mission organization that my brother is under. But because of, because my brother, my brother's in a closed country, so, so they're like, none of his developers know that it's a mission organization or anything like that, and they don't, they don't really work, okay? And that's how we first, you know, Ian, Ian started using the project as a client for for the organization, and and that's how he ended up joining our team. We did this project. We were talking for somebody else, and we had some tools that we built out as modules that we could add on to systems for another client. Ian. Was the tester for that. And so every single thing that was done, he was responsible for testing and making sure that it works. And we were just discussing various possibilities and exploring whether this would be something that we could take to market. And he, meanwhile, working for his organization, he said, Well, can we add this to our to our system? And so we charged an upfront fee. Basically what we said was, let's charge you half of what we think this should be, and we'll charge you half of the monthly fee and that we think it should be, and in exchange, you're responsible for doing all all the support

Speaker 1  20:44
on this, okay, Ian, Ian Ian

Matthias Miller  20:47
is responsible to do all the support, right? Because we're basically just handing it over to you to use. Yeah, so he ran into some issues, and I know he had sent me an email at some point. It in the 101 things that I had going on never pursued. It more in depth fell through the cracks. I don't exactly know what happened. I think we later fixed the issue, but I'm not completely sure, okay, it ended up that they didn't actually, they didn't actually end up using the system. And so he asked to cancel the monthly subscription. Okay? After they canceled, then we had some conversations about what we can make it right. And I said, Well, I would rather not give you a straight up refund, but what I'm willing to do, as a compromise is, if there is something in my war chest that is of value to you, I'm willing to give you something that is of equal value to to that, you know, financial investment, okay? And I gave him some things.

Speaker 1  22:10
It's an exchange, right? You don't get your money back, but it's an exchange. It's an exchange.

Matthias Miller  22:18
I made the offer to him. He came back and he said, Well, what if we would just there's this other, other module that we could use, and we can maybe make it work like this, and all you would need to do is this. And I was like, Okay, I'm willing to consider that, but still it's not at the top of my list, because I have 1,000,001 things going on, and it just wasn't a priority to me. Yeah. And then he comes back with this as a I feel bad because I pitched it to the board. It didn't actually work. Didn't actually end up using it. We're going to go with something else. And I was wondering if I was wondering about a refund for that,

Speaker 1  23:03
and that should have never come out of his mouth, because you already talked about an exchange refund should not have been in the convocation conversation. Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  23:17
And the stupid thing is, the mentoring that he's gotten from me as part of this role is more than pays for

Speaker 1  23:24
anyway, yeah, no, it's the truth. Matthias, no, no, it's the truth. And so what do you thought? I don't

Matthias Miller  23:37
know. Okay. I mean, the thought is just to let it sit until he comes back and he

Speaker 1  23:41
talks about it. Yeah. So when will that be? When will you guys, probably after Christmas sometime. Okay,

Matthias Miller  23:51
I'm not sure when it might be next Monday, but it might be after Christmas.

Speaker 1  23:57
Okay. And so, did you respond at all? Yeah, I said

Matthias Miller  24:06
it was something like got it might be better to to

Speaker 1  24:09
talk my phone. Yeah, yeah. That was a nice response. It was a good one, yeah, yeah. And, so my question, I know I'm smiling because I do when people do crazy stuff and things, I tell you that keeps me from going crazy. I smile, and I think about, I think about the other person, and I'm thinking about Ian right now, and I'm thinking, this is a setup from God, I'm telling you, Matthias. And I would let him, because here's the thing, if, first of all, I don't know how much listening. He's going to do so I would let him just fill his gut and give me all of his rationales around whatever he's thinking. I would let him do it. I'd let him get it all out. Because, guess what, it will be a confrontation. If you have a normal conversation I had, I had children like that in a group home. Here it is all I need. I'm inquiring, I'm asking, but you never believe me. You and I'm thinking. I'm looking around, thinking, What did I say for them to think I don't believe them? However, it's not me that don't believe you. It's because you've done things where people have lost their faith in you. You see what I'm saying, and it's that whole projection of like you said, I'm embarrassed, I'm ashamed of whatever comes with it, and now I'm going to make you feel horrible because, because I need to feel better? Yeah, I need a I need a R, I G, H, T, in the matter, I need to be right somewhere instead of, guess what? This is a learning experience, and you said it well today, like and it would have been great had he been on this call. And I don't know if he would have been offended. Honestly, you know what I'm saying, if he was on this call, but however, he's not. And I'm telling you, you gotta pray, you gotta primatize And guess what? You gotta do. You gotta you, you gotta tell the truth. And gotta tell you how to tell the truth, because you this is your company. This is your company. It's not in you are a guest to the party. You are not the birthday boy, okay? You know, like, hold up, sit down. He's got to blow out the candles. Not you. That's not your birth. You know, you kind of have to put the little boundary yourself, because two year olds, they want to. Everybody wants no, it's his secret. He blew up my kid. Okay, light the candle again. Okay. We're gonna let whoever's birthday it is blow out the candles. And this is what I'm saying. Matthias, you're dealing with. This is what you deal with. Yeah, you know it. You know what you dealing with.

Matthias Miller  27:29
Yes, it is sad to say this. The other thing he mentioned, which is just part of his getting his airtight argument, was that we have precedent for that, because we did have a nonprofit client. We did some website, we offered to build a website for them, and we basically fired them because they were just a really difficult client to work for. And we went above and beyond, and we refunded them for work that we actually already done,

Speaker 1  28:01
and he should understand why you did, because you want these people out of your life like never. That's what I do. The truth when I want you out of here, I don't care what I get, take. No, yeah, yeah. And I think that, and I'm going to say it again, this is not your company. You don't make you don't, it don't matter if I give everybody their money back for Christmas, that's none of your business. Yeah, that's not his place. Yeah? And not, you know, I get passionate about stuff, but you know what you're doing with Matthias, yeah,

Matthias Miller  28:47
I think a very simple thing to do, too could be to offer to have a conversation with the executive director. I agree.

Speaker 1  28:55
Please do that. That's the thing, please, Matthias, please. And I guarantee you're going to learn something that Ian didn't tell you. I promise you, I promise you. Matthias, you have to do that because God is encouraging you to do please. Do that.

Matthias Miller  29:14
Please. I mean, should I do that before or just offer that to Ian?

Speaker 1  29:20
This is my thing. This is my thing. I want you. I want him to be able to talk till he's blue. Yeah, because he's already right now he's in a bad place, Matthias, and so anything you do is going to be wrong. Anything you do and guess what? It has nothing to do with you, is what's going on inside of him, and you're nobody's pond, and you're nobody's punching bag, and you're nobody's rug and and you got, you know, you look confused, dear. You. Yeah, yeah. And this is good. The reason I say it's good because when things come out, Matthias, you know what you're dealing with. You see what I'm saying? Yeah, God will show us, and He'll show us early. This is who you're dealing with. Okay, I needed to see that. I'm telling you. Matthias, yeah, pay attention. These are red flags. And now God know what kind of red flags they are, but these are red flags, yeah, and nothing to be alarmed about, because you're a great discerner, but you better walk in what you seeing. You better discern and walk in and Matthias don't play with it. We talking about your company, not talking about a pair of socks. And you switched them, and you got, I had two blue socks in the house. Of saying, you know, you got a red and a blue stock. Well, how come you this is not your blue it's like, man, you crazy. It is my blue sock. Why? Do you have a red, blue soccer? Matthias, yeah, that's good. Truth. Truth above board. And I say this to people often, you're not gonna poop on my head and telling me it's snowing, you're not going to do it. No, this is poop. Isn't that a vision? Like poop. It stinks like poop, and I'm surely not going to taste it. But anything that like poop, it'll taste like poop. So how are you telling me it's snowing? I know what it is. Yeah, and you're not to be down on yourself, because such is life and system building. It's just the way it is. Yeah? It's the nature of the beast. Yeah? Because we dream up all kinds of stuff. And then, when you know, and then you put a price tag on it, and then it, let's say the heater goes out. Well, we need to know. We just have to wait on this stuff. No, you already paid for the software. You just have to believe God for a heater. I'm not kidding. I'm telling you, Matthias, that's how it goes. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 1  32:26
Nope, yeah, and I'm so grateful. But you know what the blessing is right now, Matthias, you are taking some punches and you're still rolling. Yeah, that's good. So that's what it's going to take in business.

Speaker 1  32:51
We got some horrible examples out here. They've made a billion mistakes, and still they're the best thing since, like, but it's like, You're kidding me. This person is a joke, yeah, and you're still dealing with them, no. And do what God tell you to do. Matthias, you know, the thing is, if you have that conversation with the executive director, off with the head from Ian, because he's the big man on the block, God bless you. Valerie, God bless you. And you know how it is, territorial. God bless you. Territorial. God only knows what's under that hood. Matthias, yeah, so I have to, and I'll say this. And you know, I'm just, I'm talking now. I'm just talking. I'm just talking when people are suspect. To me, I'm suspect of them. Good point. What are you hiding? Watch. Why am I a problem? Why are my Inquisition? Why is my Inquisition a problem. What do you Hi, I'm just Matthias, I promise you, that's what I'm what are you hiding? And and in when, when I say, Let him talk. And blah, blah, blah, when he's done, say, You know what, set up. Don't even ask, set up an appointment for me and the executive. Don't start speaking in tongues, because that you need to have that conversation so it's not no. Do you think no? Can you arrange an appointment for you know, can you schedule a meeting with the executive. No, he's out of town, he's out of the country. He's in the graveyard. Okay, well, when, when will it be back? I'm telling you, Matthias,

Matthias Miller  34:52
yeah, yeah. And in these types of things we know in that conversation, there's going to be. Things that come up that

Unknown Speaker  35:02
that you don't know about, sir,

Matthias Miller  35:04
yeah, and that's going to be revealing to executive training.

Speaker 1  35:08
And it needs to be, and it need to be, yeah, in business, be as, man, yeah. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  35:23
Yeah, yeah, wow,

Speaker 1  35:38
yeah, and it's all good for this business, go, go, go, go, I'm coming.

Speaker 1  35:55
And even though you know the situation is challenging, it's good because of what, what will be learned from it, it's a good thing. Growth is always good. Learning is always good. You

Unknown Speaker  36:35
and just be prepared. Yeah, and your resolve is your resolve. You know what I'm thinking about, Ms guys too, and

Speaker 1  36:56
he doesn't make a decision of, do you talk to the executive director? I'm telling you, it's something fishy, and I don't know why. I don't know why I'm so in fishing. So he doesn't get to tell you, No, I don't think that's good idea, because guess what, you're not this is not your company. There are things called bounding. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  37:26
yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  37:36
So then, if that wasn't enough, I mean, then Sunday morning, after church, our past, our pastor comes, I'm in the back, comes over and starts to chat, which he never does, and makes a comment about we haven't connected in a while. And I'm like, Yeah, well, we haven't, you're right. It's like, well, it's like, maybe we can get together for breakfast and I can find out more about what's happening, because I don't find out much about what's happening. I'm like, Okay, well, let me know the last time, last time you sent a text saying you'd like to do it and just kind of left it, and figured I'd let him set up a time if he really wants. Really wants to, and we can that at that point if we want to get together or not.

Unknown Speaker  38:30
But, and what are your thoughts about and be honest, Matthias,

Matthias Miller  38:37
he's my thought is, he's got an agenda. Okay,

Speaker 1  38:41
I don't know what it is, and be prepared, and be prepared.

Matthias Miller  38:48
And I think just, well, I think, I think here's another thing. Need a little tab. It's a it's a digital file, but need a little tab in my

Unknown Speaker  39:01
file for him. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  39:19
we've never had a friendship like it hasn't existed, okay?

Speaker 1  39:24
And how long? How long has he? How long has he been your pastor,

Matthias Miller  39:30
five or six years? Okay?

Speaker 1  39:40
And what's your challenge with him? What's the what's the top three?

Matthias Miller  39:47
Well, first of all, he's he talks the talk about following the

Speaker 1  39:59
spirit. But okay, but

Matthias Miller  40:03
there's not a lot of yeah, there's not a lot of surrender in it. Okay?

Matthias Miller  40:17
He was he

Matthias Miller  40:23
he was, he was the point man in in getting me off the leadership team. Okay,

Speaker 1  40:33
so is he said? Is he What? What? How would you how would you describe him? Matthias, if he was, if he was not a pastor, how would you describe him?

Matthias Miller  40:47
I would describe him as somebody who's very aggressive, very competitive, and I

Matthias Miller  41:03
likes to be in control of situations and doesn't mind doing what's necessary

Speaker 1  41:08
to be okay. And if and how did you get to that church? Matthias, how did you end up there? You and your family?

Matthias Miller  41:24
We I mean, I moved here to volunteer at the nonprofit, and that was through a through a connection. At the time, it was the the executive director at the time was the closest person that I knew who was anywhere close to the kind of person that I wanted to be, okay, and that was the church that was that was linked up there.

Speaker 1  41:51
Okay, okay, so my question would be, is he your pastor? By default? I

Matthias Miller  42:05
Yeah, maybe you mean in terms of, is where we where we plug in for church,

Speaker 1  42:14
yeah, yeah, that's my question. Yeah, yeah,

Matthias Miller  42:18
it's part. It's partially that and partially because, partially because of where my wife sat and her family, okay, okay, and so one of her parents, this is, I caught wind of it somewhere. I'm not even sure, but one of her parents made some, some kind of comment about his sons in law. Had better not take any of his daughters away from the Mennonites. Um, it's one

Speaker 1  43:02
Matthias. That's all I can say. Is our Lord, you already know how I feel about that. I will not make a comment. Okay?

Matthias Miller  43:15
No, no need. Yeah, I know.

Speaker 1  43:21
I know I'm not. I'm wise enough, sir. Let look, Matthias, I'm wise enough. And so. So then you know what? Matthias, I now see I'm gonna say this the lady with the shotgun in your nose and all of that. Hear me. Matthias, hear me here. Have that meeting. Valerie, quiet down, just so they have a statement. Have that meeting Matthias and let him talk to he's purple and blue and pink too. But guess what? This is not a What am I doing meeting? This is a you call the meeting and you won't talk. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. Do you hear me? Matthias, I'm telling you how to play. I'm telling you how to play the players, okay, yeah, have that meaning and let them talk. And my thing is, Matthias, anything you don't want them to know. You don't tell them. Do you understand me? Yes, you have the meeting. You can have 27 meetings. And every time we meet, I don't know if you're picking up the tab, but if you are Miami, a nice cup of this and of that, and I'm let you talk. You call this meeting. I'm serious. Yeah, yeah, you don't owe nobody nothing but love. Matthias, is that the Word of God? That's the word of God. Yeah, and your inspector is the Holy Ghost. It's not people. Don't get me started. Matthias, I'm not going to get. Started, okay, yeah, but you don't owe him anything but love.

Matthias Miller  45:12
And I think the reason why, I mean, I'll avoid, I'll avoid, I mean, I won't pursue this by any, by any means, because I know naturally, by myself, how easy it is for me to open up to people, because I trust people, except, except I told, I told my wife I don't trust him, not even sure if I'd want to do business with him exactly. So

Matthias Miller  45:50
it's, it's kind of like, why would I want to put myself into a landmine unless, yeah,

Speaker 1  45:56
unless you want to get blown up. And I'm not, yeah, you're not telling them nothing. Besides, you call this meeting. Hey, how you doing? I'm fine. How you doing? Well, you really want you really know why we have well, no, I don't. Why are we having this meeting? In other words, you're not putting words, I'm just saying this. You're not putting words in my mouth, and you're not putting thoughts in my head, and you are not going to create a picture of something that is not real, and I'm not going to allow you to paint a picture. So you could sit here. We can meet all day, you know? We can sit here for five hours, yeah, and you don't do all the talking, but you want one being around me, you know, I'm telling you, Matthias, you're not a victim, you're of you're the conqueror, sir. Yeah, you're not the victim. And don't let nobody make you one. Because you know what I'm gonna say this Matthias, and I'm not calling these people false. Okay, that's not what I'm doing, but I'll tell you this when you, when you take a simulator and put it next to the real thing, or you put a replica next to the real thing, Matthias, the replica is probably, if it had legs, it would run, because it's saying, Oh, my goodness, the real thing is here. Yeah, yeah. And what I love about God Matthias, when, when somebody has put me on trial, what I love, let me say, what I love. I love when I get cornered with people that are putting me on trial, because they going to come out a whole lot better than when they came in with those type of motives, yeah, you going to be a better person when you get to sit with me saying, Holy Ghost told you to meet with me and we haven't met, okay, and Holy Ghost is in charge of this meeting, and that's the truth, and that would be my take internally. I'm not going to say that verbally, but you didn't know and what I and when I say somebody is suspect. Matthias, this is what I'm saying when you are pretending, when you are superficial, when you super flaky? Yeah, we need to have a conversation, because you need to know what it's like to be around the real thing. And that's a victory for God Matthias. And you don't have to be shy, you know, from them. But no, okay, all right, yeah, that's me. Let's have coffee. And you know, Matthias, is he your age? How old is he?

Matthias Miller  48:52
He's, I don't know if he's lower 40s, maybe 10 years older than I am.

Speaker 1  48:57
Okay, okay, your age, I consider that your age. He's my age. Yeah, he's your age. And guess what, if you ask me about your family, or ask you about your family, you ask me about my kids, I'm telling you, I would mirror everything. He says, Matthias, yeah, because you're not on trial, yeah. And if, and I'll say this, because now you didn't get me on my I'm on my soapbox now. Besides, here's my thing, Dad, you are out of order,

Matthias Miller  49:39
yeah. And

Speaker 1  49:40
if you, if you have to be wherever these people are telling you to be Matthias, to be with his daughter, you're out of order. And that's the commit. I would give that to God in prayer, like, Lord, there's no way she ain't married to her father. Yeah. Yeah. Hallelujah. I. Hear the angels singing and dancing and rejoicing. It's a new day. Matthias,

Unknown Speaker  50:07
no, you're not a victim. Yeah, you know, and don't let nobody make you one.

Speaker 1  50:19
You're called of God, not, not You're not called by man Matthias, yeah. And because Saul didn't want David to be king, didn't mean he was not King. Yeah, because that dad's out of order. And I'm just saying that now I don't even know, but he's out of order. Yeah, you know, and yeah, yeah, your wife is your wife, and we understand, however, Matthias don't back down. Yeah,

Speaker 1  51:03
don't do it. Your resolve is what it is. No, you don't have to get into a verbal fist, because with anybody. But you know how people are, and it's well, it's not over, and all is in laws as well as well. But keep people who irritate me, Matthias who are just ridiculous. I keep them in prayer, but otherwise I might choke them.

Matthias Miller  51:38
Yeah, I

Speaker 1  51:39
might booby trapper, you know, put them in a bear trap or something. But I'm serious. Matthias, you have rights and authority from God that can't nobody else cut Do you understand me? Yeah, when it comes to your family, yes, you do. And you know you do. And you take these people to the altar, deal with this one. Deal with that one. Lord, deal with this one. It's hard about that, because it's, I'm just, first of all, I'm super excited, Matthias, because God is doing something in all of this. You're a challenge for these people, and God is on your side. And

Speaker 1  52:33
when you get frustrated and you get angry and you get tired, you take these people to prayer. You take them to prayer my time. I'm telling you what I'm hearing, commit them to God and watch them work.

Speaker 1  52:56
And what I love about God when He allow us to be in a fight. The fight the fight is fixed. You know that, right?

Unknown Speaker  53:06
Yeah, it's fixed. If we LISTEN to Him, it's a fixed fight, yeah?

Speaker 1  53:16
When he said on bow, you don't bow, yeah? You Yeah, I'm excited for you, because if he's given you, the Lord has put you in some things that he is strong and mighty in delivering. And so you're, you're okay, you're You're fine, you're going to be just fine. And because of your heart, Matthias, and what I mean by that, you know, I just think about David and the songs and how he talked about he cried to the Lord Matthias, and God heard Him. And God, and the Word of God said, before we cry to him, he hears that. He hears your heart all see, yeah, so you might as well say it, because he already heard and watch the release you get, and watch how empowered you get because you're like, Whoa, God, thank you. Because there's so many things in life. We're not you. We're just not going to get through Matthias without God. We're just not we're just not going to get through it. We're just not going to get through it. And so we think, Lord, I'm cornered, or God, this is impossible. God said it's perfect for me to get involved. Oh, yeah,

Matthias Miller  54:43
and so jumping over a little bit, okay. The other big thing weighing on me has just been i.

Matthias Miller  55:09
In the business side and like, what am I missing? What do I need to change? What do I need to do? I

Matthias Miller  55:23
not working.

Unknown Speaker  55:26
Okay, not working. Okay. Can you put your finger on what's not working? I

Matthias Miller  55:45
um, well, that's a good question. I think a few things are, what is working is me talking to people, having those conversations, watching things open up. Let me give you. I got to tell you this. So the conversation with I told you about this, conversation with a Jewish guy, conversation with the guy who does marketing for contractors, conversation about the manufacturing thread. And then last night, I was in a conversation with a friend of mine who used to be the CFO for a manufacturing for shed manufacturing company that went bankrupt earlier this year. And the guy basically tried to save spent a year trying to save it, sold a bunch of his assets to try to save it, and just he turned it, turned it over to another guy. And anyway, so this all started from a conversation about about software.

Speaker 1  56:52
Matthias hold that thought, let me tell Trina I'm getting valer Ready to come down. Okay. Sounds good. Okay, okay. Do

Speaker 1  57:29
Thank you, Matthias for holding I apologize. And

Matthias Miller  57:41
then like the the utter incompetence with which, this is just one piece of what happened in that business. But looking at the software side, the utter incompetence at which some of these things are addressed are, I don't know, it's just, it's ignorant. So I had a conversation with a guy earlier this morning, who he's he's from Planet Perry. He's a believer. He worked in aerospace engineering, requirements engineering, yeah, engineering requirements in aerospace for many years, worked on the work for Aerobus in the UK. And we were talking about this, and I was talking about the two different paths that I have currently. And, you know, how do I what's really the path to market here? Is it on the construction side? Which one of, you know, one guy's really promoting, or is it on the manufacturing side? And just kind of laid it out and asked him, you know, kind of what his thoughts are. And at first he was like, I mean, kind of saw both sides. But then, as we were talking, it was like, Maybe I actually could be a David against these Goliath,

Matthias Miller  59:21
just because our process and how we approach it is so different, and it's so much, to be honest, so much better than how they're approaching it,

Unknown Speaker  59:30
okay.

Matthias Miller  59:36
And so that, even that, I guess, that glimmer of hope felt good. In the midst of it, yeah. What's what's not working for me right now is getting on Facebook and trying to message people and trying to build up conversations and trying to filter through them, and trying to find the right people to talk to, and all of that that's not working. Working? Okay? What is working is having these types of conversations with right type of people and getting insight into the next step. And yet, even in that, like, is there no shorter path?

Speaker 1  1:00:21
Like, are you looking for a shorter time? Is that the question,

Matthias Miller  1:00:31
or are you my question is, what's paying? What's going to pay the bills in the short term, right?

Speaker 1  1:00:36
Okay, that's my question. Okay.

Speaker 1  1:00:51
And so, have you asked God that question? Are you as you telling me you going to ask him that question?

Matthias Miller  1:01:02
I I think the correct answer is, I'm telling you that I'm going to ask him, but that's not what I

Speaker 1  1:01:07
have done, okay? Because that's, that's, that's where the answer is gonna come from. My question is, with the clients, how many clients do you have right now? Matthias,

Matthias Miller  1:01:27
we have, we have two active clients that we're working with right now, one of them who may be rearranging how we do them. I mean, who I may be less involved in. One of them going well actually, we have three right sorry for right now in different stages, but I'm actively involved in one, semi actively, and in one, when the Other two

Speaker 1  1:01:55
okay, and when it comes to reaching out, what does that look like for code house? Like, where your is, okay? I know you. We talked about LinkedIn, what avenues that you utilize? We know that Facebook trial, what's going on? Yeah, what? What your your clients, what industry are they in? I mean, like, on what scale, are they small clients? And then what's your range, whether you consider a small client with some neat, you know, intermediate or media middle, and then what's your advanced client, or is everybody pretty much the same level of market?

Matthias Miller  1:02:54
They've all been there's most of them have been one to one to 8 million. The largest one is about 30 million. Okay?

Speaker 1  1:03:13
And so what industry is the 30 million

Matthias Miller  1:03:18
said manufacturing.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:20
It is manufacturing, okay?

Matthias Miller  1:03:23
All of our all of our clients, our best clients, we have a lot of clients and a lot of prospects that have come from the manufacturing space.

Speaker 1  1:03:32
Okay, so then that would to me. I mean, does it make sense that that's the direction?

Matthias Miller  1:03:40
Yeah, it does to me. Feels

Matthias Miller  1:03:48
like, what does it feel like?

Matthias Miller  1:03:59
You'll hear these voices in the back of my head to committing to a specific group of people, and then, you know, going from there.

Speaker 1  1:04:07
Okay, so this whole, this was a, it was a trace showing that is that February, or when is the trade?

Matthias Miller  1:04:19
It got moved to the end of March, and I'm honestly thinking about seeing if I can either refund or sell a ticket.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:26
Okay, okay, okay, okay.

Speaker 1  1:04:38
You know what I think, what? What do you what, what? What type of rest schedules do you have on your calendar?

Matthias Miller  1:04:55
Well, I try to knock off work around. Around now a little after, I don't really have things blocked out,

Speaker 1  1:05:05
okay, because you gotta rest so you can hear, and if you just came out of a storm, you need to rest. I know you think about this. This is not know, because even if it's even if Matthias, if it's like some hours, do you know, can I mean, am I making Am I making sense? Yeah, you're making sense. Okay, you gotta rush. You just came out of a fight. You it. And there's some battles that are not yours. You know, it kind of reminds me of every time someone had killed somebody, they thought David wanted dead. They was like, Man, you do, you know protocol. Is there certain things you don't do. You know what I'm saying? And we had that, be it the person that was bringing the news, that was supposed to been good news, and it was actually a bear of bad news. And I'm bringing that up to say, Matthias, there's a traffic that the enemy is trying to put in your direction that's not your traffic. Does that make sense? Yeah, it does. Yeah. He's trying to reroute you. You're close to something. Matthias,

Matthias Miller  1:06:35
well, I have go ahead this whole it's true. Like, every time this thing, every time I got a word, I got something, like Saturday evening, it was like, part of it was like, who's your I mean, it's like, Who's the person for this ERP marketing and like, the moment, the moment that thought came to me. There was, it was like the cloud, the cloud lifted, at least for a bit, and I haven't been able to stop. I have this idea for an article called escaping ERP, hell, okay, which is basically a truth telling article on all the things that software vendors do to keep their clients attached. Yeah, attached. Put them through the flames, burn them up and I

Speaker 1  1:07:44
and so what kind of warfare does that bring your way?

Unknown Speaker  1:07:56
Is this something you want to write? Are you written?

Matthias Miller  1:08:00
I want to write. I've got a page of it. I've got ideas for the rest of it, but it's like wrestling it out onto paper.

Speaker 1  1:08:08
Yeah, yeah. And sometimes Matthias, when, when, when you're getting information like that, you write it all out, and don't worry about the format until you get it out right. And so you can't write anymore, and then you go back and you compartmentalize, and, you know, categorize, but it's about getting it out, yeah, and praying in the Holy Ghost. Yeah, every day, every day, Matthias, yeah. What it does not contending on how you feel or how things are going. It's a habit. It's a it's a difference. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:08:52
right. So I feel like there's, I mean, I feel like there's life on that, on that piece,

Unknown Speaker  1:09:01
okay?

Matthias Miller  1:09:03
And there's, I think it's probably just had trash but

Speaker 1  1:09:14
and so my encouragement is to extract it, if it, if it, if it inspires you and encourages you to get it out. You need to do it. I'm saying, write it out, get it out of your system. And then that's out. You know, sometimes we write things in in increments of time where we really need to, like, I need to get this out, because it's what I'm thinking about, but then, you know, put it aside and do the next thing. You gotta get it out of your system. Yeah? Like a baby. You can't carry a baby longer than two months if you do something evil and horrible is gonna happen, yeah? Yeah. Time, yeah, yeah, prayer and rest and write, prayer and run.

Matthias Miller  1:10:22
Can Got it,

Unknown Speaker  1:10:24
okay, we talk again,

Matthias Miller  1:10:28
yep, until we talk again. Appreciate it. All right, okay, well, let's finish on your

Unknown Speaker  1:10:33
evening. All right, thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai