Matthias Miller  00:00
Be okay, all right. So so my thoughts, I don't even really know where, where to piece all these pieces together, but just so part of this process is one of the verses that I've had to think about is, is, about is, is about making the pads straight for the Lord. And a lot of situations that I'm walking into, and this is we've talked about this a lot over the last month or two situations straight, just with, just by, by seeing and decreeing. But then there's Yeah, but then there's kind of this whole process of making sure that my paths are made straight, which is, which is also jumping back to the question of, why, why are you in my life? I think that's a that's a huge part of it, helping to straighten paths and portraying the way of the Lord. But then there's also this thing of, you know, you touched a little bit about kind of detoxing from pain and gut healing from pain, probably about three or four years ago, I paid a very good amount of money for a coaching program that didn't that was ever promised and didn't deliver. Yeah, really, really set us on a spiral. I feel like this is where I'm even going with that.

Speaker 1  01:39
Forgive them. No, we're there for a reason. Forgive them, Matthias, and bless them because, dear, this is, this is what I've learned, Matthias, we don't know. And step out there and do it. And one thing I'll share with you about me Matthias is is everything that I feel like I lost, God is restoring and and what I've had to do, Matthias, I went through a season of just blessing people, blessing people that just was like, Oh God, you know you could see the points in your life where things became a disaster and and I had to bless those. I blessed my first husband, Matthias. That was the most my husband was a man of God. Well, my first husband, he was a man of God. I'm talking about a flat footed man of God, Matthias. And imagine the shame of I know, you know Stevie Wonder and Ray Charles, know that you're on crack cocaine, and the hurt and the pain of those who loved us and had to endure that with me. You know, it didn't just happen to me. It happened to us and so and so. Matthias, I learned to bless him and and I kept giving him to God, because when it would rise up in my heart, I would just say, Lord, I give it to you through the tears, through the disappointment, through the discouragement, through the embarrassment. I give them to you, God, I give them to you. You know, being imprisoned by this thing that was happening to us. And so there are things Matthias that they get to the core of who we are. And we get damaged, we get wounded, we get bruised, we get cut. And those are the wounds that God has to go in there and and get the pus out, and get the the hook out and and you know only that hand of God is invited into those places in my life, it's not going to be anything outside of him, you know. And through that, I learned so much, I grew so much, and I got healed so much, Matthias to where i i can discern when somebody is addicted Matthias and the mercies of God fall upon my heart. And I said, Lord, heal his family. Heal her family. You know, I know all the parts to pray for, because I was one of those parts. Yeah, yeah. I was said. It made me fit. But every time that wound hits a human being, you know, it's just like a first responder. Oh, I know that wound. I know how to I know how to get the poison out of that. I know how to spell that back up. Yeah. And so these things, I posted something on my Facebook page that one of my spiritual daughters posted. I read it. They matthiasaser. So appropriate. And then she posted it early this morning. She said she posted 119, verse, 71 it is good for me that I have been afflicted, that I might learn your statue. And so I'm going to read you the whole i, because I'm big on attaching scriptures to things Matthias, because we live in a society that don't read the Word and so, but they read their first their Facebook pages, and so it says I wrote for it is written in Psalm, 119, verse, 69, to 77 The Living Bible translation, proud men have starting with verse 69 proud men have made up lies about me, but the truth is that I obey your law with all my heart. Verse 70 their minds are dull and stupid, but I have sent enough to follow you. Verse 71 and 72 the punishment you gave me was the best thing that could have happened to me, for it taught me to pay attention to your law. They are more valuable to me than millions in silver and gold. Verse 73 You made my body Lord. Now give me sense to heed your law. Verse 74 all those who fear and trust in you will welcome me, because I too am trusting in your word. Verse 75 to 77 I Know, O Lord, that your decisions are right and that your punishment was right and did me good. Now, let your loving kindness comfort me, just as you promised, surround me with your tender mercies that I may live for your law is my delight. Then I put hashtag the daughter of the king and a crown. And so all of this, Matthias is working together, all of it. And we don't lose heart because of stuff, because of what people do. We don't lose heart Matthias. We give it to God, and we tell him exactly how we feel about it. Because I would tell God, this is the most I was like, Lord, this is the most embarrassing thing. But he took me to the day Matthias that he told me not to marry. This man showed me the clock that was sitting on my end table, and he showed me the picture of me in prayer begging to be married to this man. And he told me no. And I said, But Lord, I love him. And blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, you know what God said? Okay, you know how he told Israel when they wanted a king, he said, I'm your king. He said, Okay. And he gave him one, and his name was Saul,

Speaker 1  08:19
yeah. This is real. This is real. We we're living this thing. We're walking this thing out. Matthias, and so bless those in Matthew five. Bless those who curse you. Pray for those who despitefully use you. Love those who hate you. He's telling us, listen, you don't have to do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm telling you Matthias, we don't we have a part, and he has a part. We cannot do his part, and we will never do his part. Even those who think they're doing his part, he's like, Okay, I'm gonna let you do it, since you think you could do it better than me. Yeah, I'm telling him what I clear as day as I'm crying the Lord, and I'm telling him my complaint and my competition. He said, Okay, well, let's go to the beginning when I asked you not to marry him.

Speaker 1  09:20
Yeah, and that was seven years later, and he had a he had in his family, there was a generational curse of addiction, Matthias,

Speaker 1  09:38
so life, like I said, three schools. What are the three schools? Matthias,

Matthias Miller  09:43
what to do, what not to do, and why did I do that?

Speaker 1  09:47
Why did I do that? Yeah, and we're always in one of those classrooms, yeah. Mm, hmm. And that's a good thing. Matthias, and what I'm excited about is you are on schedule, sir, even in all of what you don't know, even in all of your God, is this what you told me to do? Or should I wait? Or you know? And and again, God is a, he's a, he's a roto rooter. He's always going for the root Matthias, because he knows if I don't get the root of that, it's going to grow. The thing don't die because we cut the head off. He said, Well, whoa, whoa, go down there and get the root. Yeah, gotta get the root of it. And that's why you have that book in your hands. You got to get the root Matthias. You're called to go after the root brother. And that's why you find yourself uncomfortable in environments, because you in there looking at the roots, and the people are dancing their fruit. And you said, Wait a minute, but the root

Matthias Miller  11:01
is the root

Speaker 1  11:04
y'all need to stop, yeah, and so that's why you suffer the way that you do. Matthias, you're a root man, and everybody aren't root people. Matthias, yeah,

Speaker 1  11:29
it's true. It's true. And so when God reveals stuff you Matthias, ask him, What does he want you to do with it? I've had experiences, and a lot of them later, I say, Lord, what do you want me to do you want me to do with that? He said, Nothing. I just need you to know. I said, okay, because it's a minefield. And he said, I don't need you to blow up. I don't need you to step on that thing and it blow your head off. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  11:56
yeah, yeah. That makes a lot of sense. Absolutely, that's exactly what happened with with one of my calls, one of my friends. I think that's, I think that's exactly it. Don't, yeah.

Speaker 1  12:13
Matthias, everything he shows us he's not telling us to do anything with it, because I asked, What do you want me to do with that. And he said, Nothing. I just need you to be informed that I'm telling you, Matthias, I am going through some right now. I can't wait to tell you, but God's not finished, so I can't share it yet, but when he finished, it's going to blow all your hats off your head, all this the camps with me, like I'm throwing all my caps in the garbage because that just blew all my caps off my head, and I am walking on exhale, because I'm I'm telling you, God has painted that thing right in my face, and I'm going, Okay, God, and I have learned, because of those three classrooms, what to do, what not to do, and why did I do that? Like, Lord, what do you want me to do it? And if you say nothing, I do nothing with it. Matthias, i i may say, Lord, okay. I thank you that you're in it. I thank you that it's in your hands and I'm done with it. I acknowledge them. Okay? I acknowledge that you show me this and you're telling me not to do anything, and I'm not doing anything. These people, these individuals, are having nightmares and calling me to interpret them. Matthias, I'm interpreting them because, guess what, they didn't listen, but now they need to listen because that now they're having dreams. Now they want to talk to me, and I'm not beating him over the head Matthias, because I understand what God is doing. He's untying them from places that they shouldn't be connected to, and so I don't he. He didn't call me to untie the knot. He telling them you need to cut this off. You need to come out of that and blah, blah, blah, that ain't my play. You're a grown human being. If God didn't snatch you out, who am I to try to snatch you out? It's something you're learning. Yeah. Matthias, oh, they they sending me texts, and the wee hours of the morning, just had a dream. Can you tell I said, Sure, and I and I tell them the truth with no chaser, but God has their attention. Matthias, yeah, after however many plagues, after that last plague, with the light, with the blood, yeah. Now in the blood. You know what? You know what this is, what Sarah said, please. I say it like he said, get these damn people and take whatever y'all want, because y'all need to get the hell out of here, because y'all. And brought all hell to my house. Yes, yes. Forget what he had not repented Matthias, because the minute they got to that crossroad of the Red Sea, him and his raggedy army and God knew, if he had sent 5000 plagues, Pharaoh's heart was not going to change Matthias, yeah, but that was none of Moses's business. He was in the business of getting God's people. That was his business. Well, there are some things that's our business and there are some things that are not Matthias, and I'm not going to make it my business, and I'm not going to let nobody make it my business. The same God that's talking to me is talking to you. And be okay with that, and sleep good at night, and wake up and kiss all your babies and your wife say, Okay, one thing about me and my house. We going to serve the Lord, and we're not serving men, because men don't know what they want. Matthias,

Speaker 1  16:16
so all those schools are teaching me at any given moment.

Matthias Miller  16:27
No, that's good. That's good. I think the only last thing is, I think, I think part of it's just going back to this, it's kind of what you said at the beginning, but going back to this understanding that I don't have to have. I mean, I just, I want certainty that I will walk this out perfectly, which is just ridiculous, first of all, a ridiculous expectation. Yeah, and it also takes me away from the moment, and I think it's just going back to this living today. Live out what he's 24 hours, 24 hours, 24 hours, trust. Work with what he's showing you. Matthias,

Speaker 1  17:11
submit to what he's showing you today. They're just like, let me tell you, someone none getting in the way of this. Phone call. Nothing, nothing. Okay, and that's how we have to be. I was on the phone with one of my spiritual daughters this morning, you know, and she's really in a mess, but guess what? It's her mess, and she know it, and she she's owning it, and so, you know. And she want to go on and on about our mess. And I said, Dear, I have to get off the phone. You see what I'm saying, Matthias, because I have, that's a divine appointment of God. Okay, I chat with you. I gotta, I need to get off, you know, and that's what we do. Matthias, you don't let nobody hold you hostage with their foolishness. Don't, don't excuse yourself. So, you know what? I got two other things I need to do. It ain't none of this note. Those two things are to get the hell out of here, number one, and not to sit here all day listening to your foolishness. Those are the two things that I have to do. Yeah, yeah. Your time is valuable. Matthias, Don't let nobody waste your time when you know they wait time. You know what I got another point. You know what that appointment is. They get off the phone with you, because y'all know what you're talking about.

Speaker 1  18:39
Matthias, 5 million sample say, You know what? I gotta make another phone call. You know what that phone call is to tell God how crazy you are?

Speaker 1  18:55
Get free. I get free all the way Matthias and you don't owe nobody nothing but love. That's all you owe people. You don't have any debts. They all been paid 2000 years ago, sir, even when they see the bill, I don't have any debt. That's been paid in full. We have a dual citizenship. We're so journey one day at a time. Matthias, we only have five years. We only have two days. We only got today.

Speaker 1  19:38
So handle your business. Enjoy your day. Matthias, enjoy your life, enjoy your family. Enjoy what you love, enjoy who you love. Matthias,

Speaker 1  19:56
you have permission. That's why you woke up. That's why your eyes are open. Open. Your lids are working. Your lungs are in full function. Heart is strong as ever. That's why, because of what God has for us today. Because guess what, one day is, 1000 years in heaven, Matthias, there is no time in heaven. Time is for this side of the Earth, and we only get 24 hours at a time, one second at a time, one hour at a time. That's how we get all this other stuff. I'm gonna sit you over here, and then I'll come back to you, but right now today, this is what God is talking to me about. Yeah, that's real freedom Matthias, that's what Jesus died for, yeah, for God to get us back, for us to be back with him in the cool of the day. Okay, you

Matthias Miller  21:20
all right, are you still there?

Speaker 1  21:36
Okay, yeah, but live, live Matthias and live with joy and every care you get. Throw it. Throw it on Jesus. Cast it on him. That's what cast means to throw. Say, this is your problem. Tell me what to do with it.

Speaker 1  22:04
Yeah, I'm excited, I'm excited.

Matthias Miller  22:14
I'm excited.

Speaker 1  22:18
He's good and he makes it gooder and gooder, he makes all things beautiful, and it's time exhale all day and meditate on what God is saying to you and enjoy it. Celebrate it. You

Speaker 1  22:49
your last thought before you have to get off this line. I

Matthias Miller  23:05
I don't know

Speaker 1  23:09
that's okay. That's okay. You don't have to have anything to say.

Speaker 1  23:19
One last thing I'm hearing Matthias, is that you're you're the deliverer in your in your lineage, you're one of them.

Speaker 1  23:34
Yeah, one of them. And so begin this study. And what I do Matthias, when God gives me an assignment when I know I don't have the time to sit and read. I do the audio version of it. I need you to, I need you to study the life of Moses, Abraham and David, and listen to it in the audio Bible, and you'll get through it quick. And the one I use is from Bible gateway.com, and I use McLean's narration in the NIV version, even though I'll go to other translations and kind of cross reference stuff when it really hits me. But do the audio Bible the life of Moses, Abraham and David in this season, those three. And just go back and forth. And just, you know, when you have a moment when you're driving or whatever, hit it. You know, Bible gateway.com, they have a drop, drop box where at the top, where you can hit it, and it'll say Audio Bible, and then it gives you version. Then you can scroll all the books and pick the version you want to hear it in. And, yeah, and that's what I do, because God wants us to constantly be reminded that I've done this already. So what I'm asking you to do is not new. Yeah, he's done it already. Yeah? He's setting up his kingdom, Matthias, and he's doing it with living stones, not brick and mortar.

Speaker 1  25:15
And we're to infiltrate and dominate the earth Matthias, that was the plan. It was not to build churches, it was to dominate the earth, okay? And that's between me and you. We can't tell everybody that, yeah, it's true, because everybody's not ready for that, okay? Mm, hmm.

Unknown Speaker  25:45
So go and subdue the earth. Matthias, you,

Speaker 1  26:04
good, okay, we're on schedule. Amen. Everything is in divine order, and I can't wait to hear what God has done. Matthias, but you only have 24 hours, sir, at a time.

Speaker 1  26:28
Cool. All right, brother, I'm excited. Just keep me updated. You know, check me and let me know what's happening when I need to pray, Dave, I need you praying and send me the bullet points. Boom, boom, boom, okay, I'll do that. All right, and you have my email, right? Matthias, yes, yes, I do okay. Whenever you send me an email, text me and say, Viv, I sent you an email once you take a look at okay, okay, sounds good. I know all right. Blessings on you. You're blessed when you rise up, you're blessed when you lie down. You're blessed when you go out and you're blessed when you come back in Matthias, you are blessed that's the only way you know how to live. That's the only way God intends for you to live. You

Speaker 1  27:24
good, okay, all right, talk to you soon. Let me know when we're talking. Okay, all right, I'll be in touch. Thanks again. You're welcome. Bye, bye. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai