Speaker 1  00:01
All right, I think we're good, excellent. Have you talked to Ian?

Matthias Miller  00:08
I talked to him a little bit yesterday, after our call. Haven't talked to him today?

Speaker 1  00:15
Okay, okay. And how is his heart like? How is he doing?

Matthias Miller  00:22
So he said that. He said they've been able to talk with quite a number of different people about it, and he said they've been getting a lot of support through the process. And so I asked him to what kind of what is there, something that that we can do, or something, I don't know. And so he mentioned that he may need to have a bit of a flexible work schedule the next week or two, depending how,

Speaker 1  00:51
yeah, because which he scheduled two weeks ago, was scheduled to talk tomorrow, gotcha was prior to this, you know, and remember, he had said, Can I just talk about work? So of course, you know, I'm not present anything, but I am going to ask him, How is his heart doing? You know, this is huge.

Matthias Miller  01:18
I think one of the things that he might be okay with is just asking if, I think for him, it kind of comes down to personal boundaries, and so asking if he he and his wife would be, would want to sit down and talk?

Speaker 1  01:35
Yeah, because, because, you know what, my guys, none of us like, none of when you're going through some like this, you don't know what you need. Everything is a touch, you know, like, it's the bottom line, even if we could, you know, even if we talk for 15 minutes, my greatest challenge will be juggling what I'm going through, that's it. We don't have to go into depth about anything, because I'm not gonna do that. But the blessing is, God has put an amazing support system around him, Matthias, so I love God for that. Like, you don't know, you'd be thinking like, Oh, what the heck. I don't. And then you think about it, because that thing, something like that, Matthias, like a million things went through my head, and I'm not even the one pregnant. You know what I'm saying. I've dealt with so many families, with situations, and I don't know if I told you the testimony about my sister. Her sister in law, was going to abort a baby for my sister. Call me just crying, just crying to pray for the baby. Matthias, she went forth. This was years ago, like decades ago, she went forth with the abortion. How about God hid the baby for six months. He had no symptoms of being pregnant. He had that baby six months. All of a sudden she blows up. She don't understand why she was still carrying that baby. Wow, yes, wow, it was, it was so crazy. Matthias, because, you know, and I told her, I told my sister, it's my baby, Stephanie flip. First of all, God has that baby, no matter what happens, you know, like, I could talk to her like that. And I said, Listen, our job is to pray. I said, and God even what he do? I said, that baby belong God, and I was really helping her with that. They said, don't get devastated. Don't let the enemy torment you. I said, because God knew her choice. He knew what she was going to do. I said, so our job is to stand in the gap for that baby, cover that baby and blood of Jesus. Thank God for that baby and decreeing, because that baby's in the hands of God. That boy is 20 something years old right now, for six months and her womb, they got something, but they didn't get him. Do you hear me? Yes, he is 20 something years old, right? Wow. And so I could not, I wouldn't, dare you know. But I just asked him, Is it okay if I pray you know, because God, he owns it all and runs it all. Matthias, we don't want it. Yeah, and so that's our testimony. She has a 20 year old nephew through marriage because we prayed she had to have them. Because she didn't know she was pregnant still till six months later. Matthias, yeah, yeah. So I'm sorry. I don't care. You know that's that, and that just changed my faith forever. I was like, You know what God you are. Wow. My I'm not gonna challenge you you know, or people and their choices, because everybody gets to make a choice in life about everything you know. But he changed. I was done. I said, Okay, when you tell me to pray, I'm praying. Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  05:40
Doesn't matter what they say, Oh,

Speaker 1  05:42
it don't matter Matthias, because sometimes, you know, we don't, and there's no demonizing somebody about where they are developmentally. And so no, I told myself. I said, Do not attack her. Don't be angry with her. Keep loving her, you know, because the enemy is a trickster, he's a liar, he's a deceiver. Matthias, yeah, so that, that blew my mind. He is alive and well, yeah, I've seen so many miracles. Matthias, where my one of my because, you know, my family is huge. So one of my nieces, she had gotten back in the gym, like some decades ago, and it was from Mississippi. Her dad, he was in prison down there, and so he had gotten really sick, but he worked in the governor's mansion. So he had a different he was in there for life, but he worked in the governor's mansion. So you know how people get transformed, but you got the sentence, so you gotta live with it. So it ended up they called her. Her name is Nikki. They said you gotta come. Your dad is ill. He is extremely ill. So she's getting ready to get on the plane. She calls me, I'm scared. I'm scared, what if I get there and he's dead because he was that sick. And I said to her, now it tells what guys, I only say what God tell me to say, because I got that much baby, I know. To trust his voice. And I say, Nikki, God is not gonna let him die until you see him, right? So this is the Holy Ghost. So I'm telling you, she said, I'm scared. I'm scared. But what if I and she kept saying, I say, Nikki, he's not he's not going to be dead, right? Saying that. So she gives them Mississippi, and guess what? Matthias, he's dead. So she aunts to her father. She goes, me, Auntie, you said he wasn't gonna die. He wasn't gonna die. I said, No. I said, No, he's not dead. He's not dead. Go back in the room. Go back and roll. I'm not lying. The man had died. They had pronounced. She went back in the room and he was alive.

Speaker 1  08:19
Wow, do you hear me? I do. And she ran back, and she called me again. She said, You know what? I threw my hands up, and I said to God, you do not lie. Yeah, he don't lie. Matthias, if you die, you got to come back. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, those are my testimony that i You can't. You can't. Nobody can tell me. Matthias God is in God. I don't care what happened. You cannot tell me. I him and him raise the dead. People have been on life support, and he will give me specific instructions. Matthias and it wasn't we didn't have Facebook, we didn't have all it in, but it was what he told me to do. Yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  09:35
I don't go past. You know what I'm saying. I'm not gonna drink. I boundary.

Matthias Miller  09:43
Sorry, what was

Speaker 1  09:45
that? I'm not going to violate people's boundaries? Yeah, you know. No, no, no, you know. And the thing is, these people were so. Desperate Matthias, it did something in their faith. You know what I'm saying, and a lot of people get embarrassed when they're in desperate situation, but I know does his best work in desperate places. I've seen it. Matthias one second. Put me on pause. This is valid. Yep.

Speaker 1  11:00
Hm, Matthias, thank You, land of miracles, first you need to write that down. Matthias, you're in the land of miracles.

Unknown Speaker  12:21
So what are your thoughts today? What's going on?

Matthias Miller  12:29
So, lots of things

Unknown Speaker  12:33
as always. That's a good thing. I mean, stuff is moving. I

Matthias Miller  12:47
so had a conversation with had a conversation with Tim's friend Jason. I

Unknown Speaker  13:04
uh and

Matthias Miller  13:06
got some clarity about where he would best fit in and on something that felt almost like a whim. I i signed him up to go to a roofing trade show and conference, okay? In February, okay? And then

Unknown Speaker  13:40
the I then the and

Matthias Miller  13:44
then the sales guy touch base. And of course, he wanted me to, he wanted me to get another ticket for myself to be there, and he wanted to set us up. As an affiliate, and set up us up with a vendor booth and all of these types of things, which is a sizable investment and wasn't wasn't ready to say yes, wasn't ready to, I don't know

Unknown Speaker  14:22
if I do

Matthias Miller  14:25
it, it's going to be in spite of him, not because of him.

Matthias Miller  14:33
I don't I don't trust him. Okay?

Unknown Speaker  14:37
And woke up

Matthias Miller  14:43
in this Sunday, Sunday evening, in the middle of the night, felt there was a lot of deception connected with the organization, okay? And so, to be honest, not completely sure where to go with that. Okay? Reached out to Angelica, which was another person I've been talking about, and she is sitting on a gold mine that is paralyzed in fear and overthinking everything and over planning everything. Okay?

Matthias Miller  15:28
So to be honest, I'm not sure what to say except that or what to do with that. What I want to do, well, there's more thoughts with that. What I want to do is, and she's also working in the in the roofing industry, and so what I want to do, okay, is I want to go get leads and close them and pay her to fulfill them and go make money that way. But I honestly don't know. I guess in some ways, I've been waiting for her to kind of come along with that part of me is getting to the point of like, well, what would it look like if I just figure out how to sell it? Yeah, and when I land it, I just tell her, here's your client. Go for it.

Speaker 1  16:24
And, you know what? And I might need to be for a minute. Matthias, you know how like I'll be honest with valor. I'm using him. He really got he's nailing down potty training. It doesn't stop me from having to look at him, because, you know, he'll start wiggling, and I'll say, balance, do you need to potty? They'll go, no, no, no, and I go get in there and goes in there and parties. Okay? Because Matthias, I know the sad. Okay, yep. And so here's the funny thing, he know he got a party, but right now, whatever he's doing is more important than compading. So I'm there, and I don't say I'm sick of taking you in here to party when you know you have to party. I don't say that you know what I do. I want to and when he start wiggling or grabbing himself, I say, valor. Get in the bathroom now. Yeah, and so guess what. Now he'll be playing, and I'll see him run through the house and he said, got a body. Got a body. Got a body because now he's wired that you don't stand there and party on yourself. You get to the potty. Okay, yeah, that's Angelica, okay, yeah, that's your angelic so I'll give you another example, and I'm laughing Matthias, because we need to laugh, because we're in the people business as much as the obeying God business. How do you think Moses felt he went to the mountain top and these nuts build that golden you know what I'm saying? The same people that God parses the Red Sea, you like you? Are you serious? All that goes that God gave us when we left Egypt, you have made an idol. So Matthias, we're in the people business, which means they're gonna do stupid, crazy stuff. Do. And so the key is managing it. It's just like I could give you 5 million valid story, okay, I know where he is developmentally. That's the key. Nowhere that salesman is developmentally nowhere in helica, as they will call her name in the Latin Max world is nowhere. Ian is, know where Tim is nowhere. Mindy is, know where Vivian is nowhere. Heidi, I'm telling you, for the most part, Matthias And I laugh, because whenever God put me in a people group, I go, Oh, Lord, oh Lord, you know, because I know it's a bunch of moving parts, yeah, and I'm going to have to hear and discern, and I'm and every time He has not let me down, Matthias, and he's always revealing something to me about people. Well, I've been on the planet for 60 years now, and I know people, and it's like, okay, you are ready for this. You are not ready. You are blah, blah, blah, you are not and that's. That's the dance that you gotta do owning a company, the minute somebody show you Matthias who they are, believe them the first time, that's Maya Angelou quote, okay. And then you walk it out. You say, Okay, God, give me wisdom. Because, listen, I don't stop wearing I'll just name a designer. I love Ann Taylor. I love her clothing. Is it like she make them for me? But guess what? Ann Taylor might be a lesbian. I don't care if I put on her clothes I'm playing. Thank you Lord, these clothes are blessed. None of that foolishness, I'm telling you. Matthias, but that don't stop me from wearing. Aunt Taylor, yeah, that's hypothetical. I don't know if she's gay or not, but it don't matter her clothes fit me. I don't know where the box came from that my crackers are in. I don't know, you know, I'm telling you, Matthias, we are living in a raggedy world, yeah, loaded with raggedy people. And so when God gives you a gut check on anybody, you pay attention and you ask them, Well, what are you showing me? Show me. Show me where this person cannot trick me, you know, because I'm gonna tell you, and I'm saying this to you, I would never say this to Ian. He's getting ready to go on a long road Matthias, because morning will sneak up on you, and you don't even know, and you feel like you okay, and all of a sudden, you break it down, crying, and you're trying to understand what's wrong. Well, you just lost a child. Yeah, yeah. But until we go through certain experiences, we don't know. And then if we elbow everybody who might know out the way, we not gonna know, and some things are gonna happen. And guess what? The people not gonna look at you and say, well, guess what? Take the week off. Don't touch none of this. Somebody else will carry your weight. You see what I'm saying with guys, because that's who we are. We have discernment, and we have to use it. Yeah, so, so guess what? That salesman is deceptive, but if he's gotten what he has by being deceptive, he gonna be deceptive till Jesus come back, or until there's intervention with saying, Hey, brother, I need you to be clean, cut above board with me, because I'm building a company, and lives are involved, and I'm not complaining with nobody when you draw the boundaries. And that was something God was dealing with you about Matthias. And I love it that me and you I have worked as long as we have, because I could just tell you the truth, you know, like I'm not doing no skating dance here. No hear me. If God showed you he's deceptive, he's deceptive. He's the blah blah, blah, but what are your terms? What do you need him for? And that's the relationship, and it is not going past those boundaries. Matthias, when God was raising me up in the ministry, men were just low, down and dirty, and God was using me as a pioneer and a trailblazer to break down walls for women. But I didn't know that. But I would be in these environments, in somebody's ministry, and God, would you don't tell me, he lying this and that, while this person talking, I'm like, Well, okay, God, what should I do? He says, Listen, so you will be able to discern a lot. Yeah, that's why he trained me, yeah, yeah, yeah, cuz you getting ready to go from one good degree to another brother, and every degree you go, there gonna be some nasty stronghold, and you need to be able to smell them when you in the room. You need to know they're in there. Yeah, yeah, the love of a dirty business, yes, but that don't mean we ain't supposed to have it. Yeah? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So he's getting ready to take you where the treasure is, but it's dirty, yeah, yeah, hands, but your hands gonna get dirty. And you go before God and say, Lord, I didn't like that name at all. This is what I discern. And you tell your father, and then he will deal with the hearts of the king. He said he turns the heart of the king, yeah,

Speaker 1  24:54
yeah, yeah. So welcome to the billion dollar. Oh, yeah, and God is going to send us dirty places. He's not sending us somewhere where the light is shining so bright. No, he's saying, Let me tell you, you might have to go through a swamp, you might have to go deal with a dragon, you might have to deal with a witch, or we're like, Matthias, since I've been with Perry, and it freaked me out, because, again, he brought a church girl into that marketing image. And I'm telling you, Matthias, I was like, oh, go home. Oh, my God, blah, blah. And God would say, Vivian, why do you think I sent you there? And I said, Well, you need to send somebody else. You need to not have me there by myself. But you know what God? God is into covert and write that down. Matthias, he is into covert operations. Man, yeah, and he will sneak up on you and take your money. Yeah, he will snatch your possession. He will snatch up your power ass Harvey Weinstein, or this other guy, whoever it was, it wasn't the thin guy. Was the heavy, fat guy, but whoever it was, I forget which one of them, because it was two of them. All their investors went to somebody that's very new, I'm telling you, it's a straight wealth transfer going on Matthias, and we have enough discernment, enough grace God enablement, to snatch what belongs to God out of Satan's hand, and we are not afraid, yeah, because it ain't gonna change until we get there and we're the change, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's not gonna change saying ain't giving up nothing until the sons of God show up. Now I'm talking to you in my gangbanger language, Hi, there, my, my Al Capone. Listen, shoot at them before they shoot at you.

Unknown Speaker  27:14
Yeah, yep,

Speaker 1  27:21
you the man for the job. That's what you better know, and you better take this was going on. And I'ma tell you, this is what you do. I'm serious. Matthias, you straight in the thick of the will of God. You cannot back up. Yeah, you don't have nowhere to run, man, you gotta go straight into the battle. David, little King. David, yeah, was this uncircumcised Philistine telling people what to do?

Speaker 1  28:10
Wow. And then the other thing, besides when I take a nap, because me and Val, we were sleeping, and when, when I got up, you know how you just the Holy Ghost will wake you up. And I looked at my phone. I said, Oh, okay, good. Let me text Matthias, you know, and let him know Valerie is so sweet, and his mom, like, probably, in about five minutes, I'm gonna have to wake him up so I can get him ready for her, because she'll, she'll be coming. But I'm telling you, Matthias the bat, listen, how can you get the spoil if you ain't in the fight, yeah, you're not gonna get it, yeah, yeah, and your discernment is off the chain, yeah. Don't deny what you hear and what you see, but, but Angelica gonna be some work, but she's well worth it, you know what I'm saying. We just gotta manage. Yeah, you gotta manage. Gotta manage where she is, yeah, because when you get through being big brother. When Matthias, my dad died right before I turned 19 that year, in September, I turned 19 in December. Hear me, Matthias, God sent me one father after another, after another, after another, and these were all great men of God. And hear me, Matthias, every time I got a different father, I got stronger, I got wiser, I got better, I got stronger, I got wise, I got better, and before I know it, I was playing giant in the military. God was using me prophetically to speak to Master Chief. To speak to officers and put a bug in it. You're like, listen, whatever you doing behind closed doors, you better stop, because you're about to be exposed. I would boldly go into their offices. Matthias, God would give me dreams. One of them died in a dirty mess. Would not stop Yeah. So God has proven himself.

Speaker 1  30:33
Yeah. It is what it is, yeah. And the key is, God show me what to do, show me what to do, and he'll show you. You know because we don't know God. Jesus said, I'm the Way, the Truth and the Life. He know the way. We don't know the way to what He desires us to do. He's the instruction. Yeah, yeah. And that's going to be your edge in a dirty industry.

Speaker 1  31:09
So you are not to fear, but you are to talk to God, and you're to do your checks and balances. And like God gave you the blueprint, you talk to Tim first. Then you talk to these but you see what I'm saying. How he gave it to you? Yeah, because he was laying it out like, man, he's not the author of confusion

Unknown Speaker  31:30
ever. Yeah, you're ready. You just need to grow up a little bit more,

Speaker 1  31:43
yeah, and that's what he do with dice. He'll put you in shoes that are bigger than you'd be like, Oh Lord, what? And see, then you have to depend on him, Matthias, because when we think we're doing it, oh god, get over there and sit down. I got this. God is like, Okay, let me see.

Speaker 1  32:16
And so sometimes Matthias, he will send you somewhere for you to take notes to see what are these people doing? How does this work? That means you're a spy, yeah,

Matthias Miller  32:33
and you size them up and figure out whether we don't figure out whether you can take them down. You just know whether God's on your side or not.

Speaker 1  32:41
Come on, that's it. That's it. Wow. So yeah, little man for the job, and because, you know, it's what it's flip flop is either job or job, job or job, job, a job. You know, it's so many things. Matthias, we don't see coming, but we have to hear God. We have to hear God to to maneuver in these times. Matthias, yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  33:28
So then here's where I feel stuck. Okay, is, and let me know when you easy, when you drop off to get valor up, I guess.

Speaker 1  33:38
Yeah, what I'm doing, what I'm doing, I'm getting him up now, so you'll probably hear him a little bit, because I'm gonna get him up so you get to the party, because he's asleep. So you just you might hear me, might not. I have the phone to my email so you might not hear Yeah, go ahead. Go ahead and talk. Okay,

Matthias Miller  33:55
so there's just a lot of things moving and shifting, and nothing is certain right now, which I know that's kind of, you know, the place we need. God, yeah, but like, from a practical, from a cash flow standpoint, I can pull more from savings and make payroll this week. Okay, there's some practical things that need to be solved, okay? And I don't know, like, Well, yeah, I mean, part of it is, by the end of the month, I'll be owed about 20k okay, and we're trying to get things wrapped up to collect on some of that.

Unknown Speaker  34:56
But I.

Matthias Miller  35:02
Yeah, I don't know. Like, what do you even like? Don't know. So,

Speaker 1  35:10
what are your projections like? What, what? What projections to eat Do you have? You know, okay, this month that the collection of that is supposed to happen, then what happens next month?

Matthias Miller  35:29
Well, there's really not much projected for next month.

Unknown Speaker  35:33
Okay, so we have

Matthias Miller  35:36
Go ahead. I'm listening. We have some client work, and that's usually enough to kind of cover payroll, because people pay for themselves, okay? But as far as myself and as far as continuing to lay the foundation like it's, I don't know what the plan is, and I'm meeting with somebody tomorrow about the peer group, but okay, I honestly,

Unknown Speaker  36:15
I don't know,

Matthias Miller  36:17
like I feel frustrated because I know that.

Unknown Speaker  36:22
I don't know.

Matthias Miller  36:24
It seems like the answer is sitting right in front of me,

Unknown Speaker  36:26
okay, but

Matthias Miller  36:30
like, what am I not seeing?

Speaker 1  36:32
Okay? So when you say the answer, what is? What are you discerning? Is the answer? Just speak it out, and let's, let's look at that. What do you believe the answer is,

Matthias Miller  36:47
what I believe the answer is, is some kind of highly leveraged

Matthias Miller  36:57
Perry calls it a slack adjuster, okay, but something that you can charge good money for that's not a lot of effort on fulfillment. Okay,

Speaker 1  37:08
don't let you vote. Go. Go to the bad thing, valor. I'm listening. Apologize for that.

Matthias Miller  37:18
Yeah, no worries. No worries. Okay, and and part of it, part of it, isn't just high leverage for me, but it's high leverage for somebody else. So, okay, is there a place where I can prove to them that spending $1,000 for an hour of my time is going to give them back 10k or, you know, whatever, whatever it is,

Speaker 1  37:43
okay, and so and so, if that, if that's the instruction that God has given you, my time, that's correct, I'm going to put you on speaker. Okay, hold on, yep. Okay, so if that's the direction, so what happens is, 111, act of obedience leads to another. Okay? And what I mean by that, Matthias okay, if he's telling you to do that, is he showing you the clients that you're to reach out to for that to happen, or has he shown you the way to present that to get the ball rolling in that direction?

Matthias Miller  38:37
Yes. Some of them yes, but some of them, I honestly don't know how to present in a way that they say, Yes, I got it.

Unknown Speaker  38:49
Okay. So what is it you believe they should be present? Is that the question? Or do you do you have the answer to that? I

Speaker 1  39:05
What's your vision for that? In the sense of having a relationship where I can show you this and the outcome will be that, or is it? Is it? What outcome are you desiring? And I could show you the way that that would be something that I'm thinking about, where, see, I'm what I've learned, and this is what I'm hearing, is that in the marketplace, we said, like, I'm a firm believer. Once I know what you need, then I can make a decision on it, I can provide that. Yeah, be and so it's about positioning yourself to ask that question, yeah? Because until, until that's been proven, like, for example, I'm going to use myself. I've been working with Harry since. 13 years. And in 13 years, it has been proven that Vivian speaks into the lives of business owners and the lives of entrepreneurs and the lives of people, period, but it's been proven. So my question is, what's been proven about you? That is the question. Write that question down. What's been proven about you? What are you known for? Start there, okay, and I'm not talking about being now. I'm talking about, what is it that you know, that you know God has used you to do? Matthias, that's the question.

Matthias Miller  40:41
Well, I know beyond a shadow of a doubt, and this is something I can't stop myself. I can't help it. I can't I go into places. That's why it's hard to go to church. I go into places. And I say, you shouldn't be doing that. You should be over here doing this. You need to be doing this. You need these types of people over here to get the right kind of mix and flavor of what you're looking for here. And this is, these are the problems that are showing up because of that. And if you just rearrange these things, you can fix your culture, and you can have you can actually get people to stop fighting and want to stay and have fun and go work harder and make more money, I mean.

Speaker 1  41:19
And that's your sale. It's your sale. Matthias, that's your sale. That's that's your your products and good. And what is worth, you know, and God is, if God is telling you to put in $1 value to that, then you need to, and don't second guess it? Yeah, that's what you said. And what would that be called that you just shared with me, what would you call that? What's the name you put on that?

Matthias Miller  42:01
Culture cash, I don't know, yeah,

Speaker 1  42:05
yeah. And because the majority of our challenges are culture, it ain't the people skills, it's the people Yeah, and you packaging it where you're available to check in quarterly or check in monthly. You see what I sanitize. It's just like me and you How comfortable is it? How calming and rewarding is it to know like you said, you said, I got Vivian in my back pocket everywhere I go. If I got a phone, yeah, what a relief. Yeah, what a release for somebody to know the overall happenings of an environment. You and me are two two peas in the same pod, sir, yeah. And so, guess what? The reason, the reason I'm not doing it with more people Matthias, is because I don't like people like that, okay, but I love it on a team that's doing I'm telling you, a team is always better. It's like, yeah. And then guess what? I love. I love that the culture that I'm changing is your culture. I don't take it home with me. You take it home with you. Yep, see what I'm saying. Yeah. Package that thing. Matthias, that's it. Don't, don't over. Don't overstate it. It's like but when you speak my language, Matthias, I'm on board. When you don't speak my I got to study you for 10 years. I only know what he's talking about, but I'm stick around because God told me to stick around. And then you realize, and then you realize that, hold up, I'm supposed to be connected. I'm telling you, Terry was speaking gobbledygook. I didn't even bother to listen. Like, God, I don't know what this meant. Oh, Valerie's mom is 10 minutes way. I'm like, I don't know what you know. I don't know what he do, blah, blah, blah, but you know what I knew what I do. Okay, yes, yes, yeah. You just got your answer. Go back and listen to this recording. And that is your sales, sir. The Word of God says our gifts will do what, make room for us. Come on, Matthias, we make a room for our gifts. Yeah, and this is the Scripture. And I don't know if I've given you this, I will raise the needy out of the dunghill and set them amongst the princes of their people. You need to find that scripture, sir. What was it? Again? I will. Raise the needy out of the dunghill and set them amongst the princes of their people. And I'm gonna find it. I'm gonna look for it. I'm gonna look for it for you, and I'm gonna send you the address of that scripture i

Speaker 1  45:27
Third, raising the needy with a downhill, and that's going to be your your declaration.

Matthias Miller  45:36
So then with that, go ahead.

Unknown Speaker  45:37
No. Go ahead. Go ahead.

Matthias Miller  45:41
So kind of what I'm tell me this resonates, I guess, but it's like the people thing is the the culture cache is the it's the point of the sphere that goes in. And like, I don't even know what to do with the software side, but a software plays a part. It's barbs that keep it from coming back out

Speaker 1  46:02
exactly, exactly, exactly he just gave it to you. Matthias, get off the phone. I'm getting ready to get valer ready so I can take him downstairs. Text me and tell me when we can talk again tonight if we need Okay, you got it, no, develop it, yeah, okay, and then call me back. Okay, because my mama be here in 10 minutes. Okay, all right, all right. Sounds good. Thanks. Appreciate it. You're welcome. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai