Speaker 1  05:43
Hey guys done first of all give me gold star for this last page. That's really good. Yeah, that is like, seriously gold star. So congratulations. We should put this in the newsletter if you don't mind. Yeah, this is this is great. This this weeds out so many frogs you're way closer to the princess with this one

Unknown Speaker  06:22
there's some that the headline

Speaker 2  06:29
got about everything else just thinking like are we in a position to benefit from biosimilars? Just something that

Speaker 3  06:42
why don't we just flipped it is Matthias Miller is consulting a great fit for

Unknown Speaker  06:46
us. Yeah, that's good. Here's the thing. Don't so that's that is judging him for he on this sheet is judging that.

Unknown Speaker  06:58
That's what I like about the outcome, the judge. They're using it.

Speaker 3  07:04
For us they've been wanting to maybe fill out the questionnaire it's good enough for you. But it's not a good enough. It's just a fit for sedition. You're saying implied and then some of these things are, you know, like you ask these questions. These are things that determine whether they'd be a good 50 I mean, again, so you're

Speaker 1  07:24
in consulting if the customer's always right, there's no consulting. consulting a consultant can never be in a supplicating position. And if you read

Speaker 1  07:53
winning through intimidation, that book is all about the fact that in every sales transaction, somebody has the upper hand and if you have any brains in your head, you're going to engineer a way to have the upper hand in the transaction. And what Matthias wants is he want he wants five or 10 people reading this thing. If they go, Well, who are you? And you're like, if you're asking that question, we are not a

Speaker 2  08:24
match. So all that is true. Apart from knowing some previous context about how people know that bias, bias I'm just saying something needs to be benefit driven. And

Speaker 1  08:48
are we the kind of company that Matthias Miller can substantially move forward. Thank you. That's the direction I'm a part of it is

Unknown Speaker  09:01
Matthias I talked about the Navy SEALs stuff

Speaker 1  09:05
is he he needs to deal with leaders who are mature. Like who get the whole like there are seven figure entrepreneurs don't get the seven figure desert thing and don't get that they need to be removing themselves from businesses. And those are those are the type of people Matthias trying

Unknown Speaker  09:23
to work with.

Speaker 3  09:25
They need to get that they need to understand okay, I need to do things differently. I need to get mature about this. I need to if someone like Matthias a Navy SEAL about this tells me that I need to stop doing that I need to start doing this. I'm not going to fight that I'm going to go I'm not going to hold on to doing everything in my business because I can't let go of things.

Speaker 4  09:49
And we talked about this in the last roundtable I did the lifecycle of businesses. So you're looking for mature business. From that standpoint, and the people who are gonna be looking at this usually, the management team may not just be the solo the business owner, you know, so you are actually speaking to usually a team of people from that standpoint.

Unknown Speaker  10:14
What were your three big wins with the Amish shed? You articulate three years

Speaker 5  10:27
from now, the traffic campaign was working quite well. That was definitely a wind getting a to z attribution in was a win. And creating feedback loops between sales and marketing was a win.

Speaker 6  10:55
That's good. So building on those, Okay, where did the traffic campaign start? And where was it for you as described describe, you know, not go through for us but like, as somebody sitting down and kind of deciding like, what, why would I hire you? They need to resonate with the problems that you were best equipped to solve. Alright, so it's like, our traffic is inconsistent. You don't know where it's coming from, you know, like, you can show off who you are and your superpowers by putting it in context of the story of the homage behind where they were where they ended up where you were gone. What was the benefit? What was the actual numbers like, what did that look like? percentage growth, revenue, that's going to allow that client to sit in that seat going, okay, like, Yeah, this is a big problem. We got people telling you if this is a problem, and it's going to be a definite thing that they're like yeah, like, we didn't help with that. Do you like solving those problems? I know you're like you can solve a lot of problems. Those problems you love yourself.

Speaker 5  12:18
On a rinse and repeat bases, know I love solving systems related problems. I love dealing with data within a business. I have this I feel extremely geeky saying this but one of my most fun projects I'm right in the middle of helping this. So I'm helping the most sane level headed division of this company, which happens to be based in Ohio, not the other states. We were working implement accrual accounting for their business, which means we're doing something that you shouldn't do. But we're changing business processes. And we're implementing software automation along the way, and weird, geeky, I feel extremely geeky saying this but this has been one of the most fun projects has been implementing accounting automation. So that when manufacturing you know when a building gets built and all this stuff, like there's all these debits and credits that get created over the accounting system to replicate to handle what the counting sale date is, and you know, all of this stuff. That's been fun. I don't know why but yeah, don't be ashamed of it.

Speaker 3  13:27
You're not allowed to be geeky and leaving isn't the accounting isn't the accounting domains that gets to charge? Or is it the gnarliness of the problem?

Speaker 5  13:39
It's a combination of things. It is the gnarliness of the problem. It's the systemization and the automation of the problem. It's the fact that we have objective results that we're aiming for there is a like, yes, it's a really complicated problem. But there is a very clear yes or no if we if we if we got it, right.

Speaker 3  13:56
So if I had been in an assembly line challenge or supply chain issue, you could have gotten just as geeky.

Speaker 5  14:02
I think so. Yeah. And like, again, in my mind, everything that I learned in software engineering, which is like, how do you troubleshoot problems? How do you diagnose how do you scale? How do you build and scale large scale systems that are beyond a single humans capacity to understand all of this stuff? In my mind, you can take that cut and paste. And if you understand business from that perspective, there's all kinds of things you can do in solving and fixing business problems. And like so yes, supply chain like those types. Like that's exactly the same kind of

Speaker 6  14:33
you are in the same position Mark Engels was probably a few years ago. Yeah, prior to COVID and Mark and you are two kindred spirits you don't want

Unknown Speaker  14:43
I know who he is. I haven't I haven't.

Speaker 6  14:46
Connect you guys. So you will mark the type of people that you put him anywhere, anywhere, and they can thrive, which is a problem. So as Mark spread i There's a couple of us that we were putting on Governor on him to make sure that he didn't say yes to everything. Literally mark is the type of person that he'd been lying to coffee and strike up a conversation with somebody who had a system property. So okay, this is was uncanny. It wasn't until Mark Mark and I did a program for Perry sleeve shot at there's a gentleman there they Rob Graham, who was a perfect client for me didn't know it, but represented lighting, growing business seven figures with all kinds of systems that were just horseshit implementation and Mark was just like a pig in slop. It's Mark is the perfect guy when there's so many complicated parts. So many things going on. Like he is just complain about it, but in reality he loves like he's he's playing because he is constantly fed up with broken things and he has defects and he is absolutely on fire because of it. So I think the problem for you is not lead flow. It's more of being selective, but like I think you should just like totally like, This is who I am.

Speaker 1  16:11
He might even need you with that. He might even need you. Maybe Mark and I are might and this is I don't know,

Speaker 6  16:19
it could be. It could be in some, but that just just understand there are people like you and what Mark could do a Google AdWords campaign he could go fix analytics. You could go fix this. He could fix a phone room problem. Like all he needs to be alive is a constant stream of problems for him to fix. And that seems to been that this characterization like put me in an environment like that.

Speaker 5  16:47
Yeah, pretty close. But there's I have this really weird thing, which is personality wise. I love stability and consistency on the Colby and a 4393. And like, there's this weird blend of innovation and problem solving instant stabilization. That so if you put me if it's if it's problem solving related to this specific set of domains of problems, I will fix this problem. And I will not have people hounding me for forever afterwards because I found a systematic way to make this go away forever for everybody. Okay, then that makes me happy. If it's a if it's a constant stream of stream of problems with people like help desk support desk all that like

Speaker 6  17:30
that, no, that's a more accurate way to describe mark. Like it's like. That is such a great USP or DSP that you just said right there. Like I'm gonna tackle a problem. So that essentially, it's unsolved. And I'm gonna solve it once in a forever that is like, that is so significantly just that

Unknown Speaker  17:50
Once solved ever needs to be solved again. Yes,

Speaker 6  17:54
I think I think you were about to say something a little while ago. I was trying to figure out a time.

Speaker 7  18:03
Yeah, I mean, it's, it's kind of related to what we're talking about right now. But going back to that form, that's I see how people fill out I just wanted to chime in that it should be more problem focus, right. Fourth thing you solve for the client, I agree with very that it will be a loss from the clients reading it. I didn't deal with some talent I get. Another question I have is at one point in the sales process. Is that right is that is that after they've already sort of been roped in to work in my view or what? Because if it's if it's later in the sales process after or after they've already thought is working for you then I guess it worked. But talking about this issue of like solving problems and the kind of solve problems we solve as a way you solve them. I was not I was not getting enough of that from this form that you were asking. But, again, I might be misunderstanding its purpose, its location in the sales process. And so

Speaker 5  19:15
I think you've touched on a little bit of a question, which is how does this actually this is great for myself? How does it actually fit and how does an intuitive fit in the sales process? My current sales process is basically let me reach out to somebody who's who who lived. Let me see who I can get a referral for or that I have relationship with and I can reach out to you and start having conversations about their business and have a pretty organic conversation moving towards some kind of outcome of working together. I think part of my frustration is that feels very, very systematic. And, and everybody says, Yes, of course, it's going to be custom. Well, I know but there's something about the process of going from, here's this person, I know they they could really benefit from what I do. And then there's this time when I would actually start getting my hands dirty. And like let's see what's really, really going on and let's start fixing some issues that in between space is the place where I'm floundering right now.

Speaker 8  20:15
As far as being, not being competent in your sales ability. You say you're not excitable and whatever. Have this realtor that I met who assaulted engineers and she was the most boring person my whole life. And all she did was write blogs. It was all technical information like in she killed it because she was selling to engineers. They wanted boring blogs. Right? Like I didn't work with, I don't know very good engineer. But anyway, what I'm saying is, that person that wants to use you is going to buy from you because you guys are going to value align. So don't worry about that part of it. The exciting part of it or as long as you're able to communicate what your benefits are and what you're offering. I mean, obviously you're competent in it. As long as you're able to communicate it they're gonna pick up at your kids down and they want to pick it up the way you if they don't, they're not your person.

Speaker 2  21:18
I just addition to that, or follow on to that is by the way, Bob, I didn't know that. Mark, and I really I've known Mark for years worked closely alongside him anyway. You're talking about geek out about building this company over here with Google. And some part of almost wanted to cry. Because it was like there's actually someone out there in the world who likes doing that shit.

Speaker 2  22:03
Just Roberta's point, if you can just get you in front of someone with that level of awareness. Getting in front of that nice, warm smile on your face and say let me tell you about moving into the Google account. I will jump up because I found someone I didn't know people like system. So

Speaker 9  22:32
is there you said that when you the process of like finding someone and then getting in front of them and then having the sales in person, that middle space is difficult for you? Is there a potential of hiring someone who goes on the hunt

Unknown Speaker  22:50
and finds people

Speaker 9  22:53
and arranges a meeting and gets you in front of the right person? And then you're out of that entire process and you just sell where you're good at?

Speaker 5  23:02
If there would be a way that I could fly copilot with a salesperson or a hunter of some kind? I think that could be I mean, these deals are big enough that there's definitely room for somebody to be quite happy doing that, I would think and I think it has to be a co pilot because it's not at the point where you can't just go sell something and say oh yeah, he's smart. He can figure it out. I have to be along for the ride. But I think having a co pilot so maybe who were to find that person I feel kind of even lost on that. Front.

Speaker 7  23:39
So under question eight, you talked about missing data, looking at groups. The first thing that popped into my head was kind of like the question that I asked and the question that you and I batted back and forth via email it I'll call it next level networks call it network effect call it super connect, I think is what Dan Kennedy called it right the edge of my network and the edge of their network. And so you've got when when he talked about the people that you're talking to, right, this is the question that I asked the other day on the call which was how do we launch something? It's really not a launch? It's how do I let people know how do I get a select group of people that I trust that know me? That might refer me to their network? How do I let them know that this is what I'm doing? This is what I'm looking for. These are the types of people that I'm trying to help a salesperson and all that stuff downstream with cold Marco. Right that's, that's a problem to solve. Don't raise their hand. Yeah. How do you how do you get right? How do you get a message up to the planet period forum or to your roundtable members? That says, Hey, this is what I'm into. Does anybody know? Right? You said what's the fastest way to three to five? Right? That's that's your that's your question. What's the fastest way to find three gigs? Want more traffic, more leads more relationships.

Speaker 5  25:13
If I gave you this paper, could you give me three people I should talk to probably I could do three names and phone numbers. So maybe this isn't actually as much a client selection. But anyway, but it can tie into that. Maybe this isn't sorry, maybe this doesn't fit in the sales process. Maybe Maybe my sales processes. Hey, Steve, can we can we chat? I'm working on a project. I'd like to get your input here is this thing I'm working on? It's for the client. By the way. Do you know of anybody who might be a good fit for this? This is the first screening thing to say Who should I talk to? Right?

Unknown Speaker  25:55
I don't think it's the first I think it's pick. What industry would you like to work in? What industry would you like to work in more than just me? What when there's dudes just picking it. I

Speaker 5  26:09
had this epiphany about three or four weeks ago when I was going through MICHAEL ZIPURSKY his little two day workshop thinking that he did and I was like, I've actually really enjoyed manufacturing, guess what? It's repeatable, it's systematic. It's manufacturing industry. Would

Unknown Speaker  26:23
you like to work in the thing I

Speaker 5  26:24
have most experience in is in construction wood product related types of industries, the wood

Unknown Speaker  26:30
product because of which niche that?

Speaker 5  26:35
I don't know. I'm kind of disenfranchised with the shed industry. What so I have an interesting conversation with me. I'm in somewhat of an interesting conversation with pallet manufacturer right now. Another one with an hour. This is metal manufacturing outdoor kitchen manufacturer. i i

Speaker 10  26:55
Let's say it's pallets. I'm just gonna discuss it let's just say two pallets. College is a multi billion dollar industry. Yes. Let's just say let's just say for the sake of balance. So you're the pilot, you're the pilot guy. Okay. You're going to kill it on pallets. So because one of the questions you're gonna get is you understand our industry with anybody else. So within that you're zoning in a policy. So then you go in and kill let's just assume you're going to be able to get the people to do the solid. Yeah, once you understand once they get that you get them, then this becomes irrelevant, because all the questions in here because he's talking about exclusion, right? Isn't this basically an application phone? Yes. Then you go in and crush it. Because you've got all the tech stuff on the unit. You've got all the you got the plumbing and stuff? Yes, again, it's the transformation. Because I'm not getting when you're talking about the Amish shed industry. No offense, the ambition industry. I'm not getting the oh my god it gets shot out of bed every morning to deal with the machete. But pallets the chipping is not going away. And it's internationals check yet. Maybe it's something that's maybe pick something maybe I don't know. But if you go to the pallet industry, and you've niched it down for that, you know pallets on you know this kind of a container ship thing. You really niche that thing that Perry talks about, you've talked about that really narrow barrel and that shotgun inside that that tight little barrel

Speaker 5  28:34
so within the industry Oh call me this comment yet. I think the few plays I would find it interesting because that there's so so there are no public ship companies at this point yet. And there's a few players some talking publicly some talking privately about doing a whole bunch of roll ups and becoming the number two behemoth behind tuff shed and being the first to go public within this space. I think that could be an interesting gig within the ship industry.

Speaker 10  28:57
I guess what I'm saying is easier to create is easier create a marketing message that

Unknown Speaker  29:03
is so tightly constructed.

Unknown Speaker  29:08
Always present it out. Right? Just let's get to

Unknown Speaker  29:12
basics really the basics

Unknown Speaker  29:14
isn't the best.

Unknown Speaker  29:24
Concise

Speaker 6  29:28
bias would it be? Would it be easy enough for you to sit down? Construct yourself a guardrail, have a two page Google Doc, where you kind of wrote a personal narrative telling like personal story and your journey and some of your wins inside of the the shed company. What Stephens saying is very astute, which is how if you were to go to your personal network and say, Hey, you give them a Google Doc, it's two pages and it describes who you are and kind of the power it's a personal professional narrative. Then after reading, the question is do you know somebody that can utilize these superpowers that I have, that makes it really easy for them? I kind of agree with Dan that this funnel is I think it's important. I think right now, that might be your personal checklist. When you have a lot of lead flow, this becomes really critical to choose. But I think this could frame some of what you put in your narrative in terms of who I'm willing to tolerate whatnot at this point, but that that is we gave it something that Fran and I are doing for new program. We talked about this last roundtable which is I'm not really sure if I'm going to make this a commercially viable thing. So I'm going to have this invite Tuesday. Some people that I know it's a Google Doc, there's no sales page. It's very casual. It's very in alignment with who you are and where you're at in the process. That could be a way for you to it's it's all too personal, not where you could give that note to everybody in Kevin Thompson's network. Like once Kevin has something like that. He's gonna know a guy here. He's gonna know a guy. You've got that too big nerds that's like, Oh, I get the size done. I actually know a guy that that should talk with your bias. I think that could be your way to get the short term revenue gap. Short term Yeah, possibly

Speaker 3  31:37
three very quick notes. One just you're talking about what you love to do. Right. So that just think of the you replace chaos with systems that captures a lot of that and then the question is which industry so when you look at the shed industry, I wonder about other kind of manufactured housing structures, whether it's mobile homes, whether it's other prefab type things, they might be other industries that look like feel like the shed industry from a supply chain logistics process wise, that might be actually much bigger industries with more opportunities. third, and final point for me this morning here is I just want to reflect a little bit of what I hear a little bit from you in these notes, your lack of confidence in the ability to sell. Okay, and my sense is just having talked to you at dinner, talk to you before your passion, your personal passion comes through. So you have a lot you have, you don't have to be a light show. You know, you you just be you. There's enough genuineness, integrity all it all comes across. So if you were to tell somebody listen, I have a real energy and excitement around solving taking you from your chaos that you described to me, Mr. Owner, to a system that solves it for good. I know I can do that for you. And I know you can deliver that and that will resonate with somebody else I believe this guy then your history, your experience, all that will feed that but that moment of connection you are more than able capable ready right now rock and roll today.

Unknown Speaker  33:11
Your next three clothes just in that

Speaker 7  33:19
bye. Yeah, I feel like it's a little bit further when they provide content. But it's not really relevant because in the short term, revenue gap, but maybe it is so one thing is the bias. Like how many stories of your clients success I think this is thoughts comments, like how many stories are five, six. Do continue sit down and talk and right now.

Speaker 5  33:54
We get I've got a client roster I can pull it pull it we can have a three hour Fireside Chat with all my tales of the things that I've done.

Speaker 7  34:02
I think when you should do is you should have that three hour fireside chat with a writer who just takes it all down and crazy stories. And that could be you know, a series of like a series of newsletters that go out to clients. Because that's like my comments on the newsletter. Can you create an inside because a lot of technical stuff but it didn't really not stories about customer success in it. You barely travel that customer success. And so I feel like this is different from the Rolodex strategy to get emphasis. This is more about the cold market. stories told and I started gearing up for people that look at the set that is the interest of our people or wanting them to fill out your form. Am I a good person to work with Matthias Miller consultant

Speaker 10  35:03
for a book? Tell us from the shed? No, I mean, it's like how were those together? Right there it is. Michelle? Michelle, here it is. Volume One, volume two. But it comes right there. Those are the interviews. Those are just the interviews that you've done, whether

Speaker 1  35:26
that's a finished book is not a short term solution, but you don't have to have it finished but you can write you can have a very

Speaker 5  35:33
short version of LinkedIn content, email marketing. Whatever the

Speaker 10  35:40
finished book is, it's because the newsletter is a directory, right? And by the way, they're not mutually explicit, right? No, they're not but the books like the book on my industry on on. I got it. I got the book on the ship. And what's funny too, I don't know how many people have done volume one. Right Alex? Alex do Alex he just come up with like Volume

Unknown Speaker  36:04
Two what would the was the time between

Speaker 10  36:09
the books written right? Or other thing and the ads like you can check here it is. I don't know. It's just kind of cool. Keep cool on it. Because it's the right. I like it and the fact that you wrapped in your raft in the gig stuff.

Unknown Speaker  36:37
That you're passionately

Speaker 7  36:39
angry that to that point. It's so there were two books that I read last year. That really maybe it was this year. I don't know. God talks by Ed rock. And that was followed up by the gap in the game, Benjamin Hardy Dan Sullivan. And in those books, it was kind of bread apps, great belief systems. What are the things that I tell myself that I believe that are not true? What I read in your document that I think somebody else touched on it is what I suck at selling and marketing myself as that and that sounds to me like a limiting belief that you are

Unknown Speaker  37:24
selling well you're looking at maybe Time Stories

Speaker 7  37:32
what happens if you just beat yourself? What happens if you read your authentic self and you be that nerd? And somebody looks at what you do and say and says, but you're not gonna believe this, but I've been looking at somebody who's exactly as excited about that. As you are

Speaker 6  37:48
speakers have to be put in the box. Speakers won't work unless they're in a box. That's that's the belief.

Speaker 5  37:58
And to your point, I think a lot of the unraveling even jumping back and thing was grief, suppressed emotion all this stuff. Like a lot of this has come down to oh wait. I've been in a world where people have said, No, you have to fit in this kind of a box. And if you don't fit in this kind of a box. We don't want you in there. And so there's kind of like this awakening process to your point that says, Okay, I'm not in the box anymore. I just disclose Brian and like, I get like, do you do journal as periodically? Yes. Sort of sometimes.

Speaker 7  38:32
One of the things that I that's helped me a lot and this is just me, right? But I review what I journal and what I read my own words. Sometimes I think to myself, What did I say to myself? What do I really believe and that led to a lot more effective

Speaker 10  38:57
to parents aren't you? Robert Green rising and reversing polarity in a box,

Speaker 5  39:04
that there comes a point at which you understand that there's a power shift and you're like I spent my life? Yes. And to your point. I agree. What's the

Unknown Speaker  39:15
reverse was that the 70s Oh, don't read a great, great, great book. You know, I mean, reversing polarity on that thing, just like gets the qualifier right. And I think leaning into that is you decide to do

Unknown Speaker  39:35
but

Speaker 1  39:37
can I tell him what I told you in the phone call? I said you've got what five possible opportunities right in front of you that you might be able to go into Yep, they said so every one of these, the first in the first five minutes that you talk to them, you have to say, but in order to do my best work, I am absolutely positively going to require from you X. You're gonna have to drive a stake in the ground. And like, their mind has to be primed, that the first thing you need to know about Matthias is he won't play ball unless we give him and the Axe was whenever you needed in order to deliver stellar performance, which was some kind of a sandbox or a canvas that you could work on. Is that accurate? So this really comes back to that. You can you can decide whether this is really nailed X or not, but But you, you get to determine the terms of engagement. And all you have to do in order to buy yourself as much time and as much runway as you need financially. Is that anything that doesn't fit your thing is only a 30 day engagement. Like, well, you don't have to do X and I'll help you out for a month. But then I'm out. And yeah, I'll take a check and you can write me 10 grand and I'll pay my mortgage. But but it because Mark What happened to mark because Bob alluded to this, but he didn't explicitly say it was I had the same phone call with Mark four years ago as I had with you only his was worse. His was I got equity in this company. I was about to get my equity and they just fired me. And so we talked through that but I said do not take the first thing that comes along. You hold out you just do little gigs here and there and help people out. You can pay your bills that way indefinitely. And anybody that knows Mark knows he can do that. You pay your bills, doing these little things like I think we don't have time to talk about this, but that thing where you identity resolution for local business or lead generation company wants a competitive edge. Isn't that a sell up and down the street kind of thing right there?

Speaker 5  42:34
Yeah, but But it feels like it shouldn't be feels like I should be talking to a lot of people about it. Yeah. I don't know. I kind of side the sign say that sounds like it sounds like if I found the right salesperson, or the right Hunter connected with the right group. Oh,

Speaker 1  42:54
okay. Well, I think it sounds interesting, and you can tell me more about it during lunch. I'm not trying to push it that way at all. But that you can do little gigs indefinitely.

Speaker 5  43:06
I'm already starting to have people ask me for, for me telling them they need to hire me for VIP days. And that kind of thing. Yes. Yeah.

Speaker 1  43:14
So so like, really all you need for today. Today. Today is a short term game plan that alleviates your monthly nut and burn anxiety and just be a hard ass because the gig market is a sweet sweet deal.

Speaker 6  43:34
Right? But yeah, there was a series of gigs they took to leaker the monthly nut. Yeah, yeah. Until he found the right fit.

Speaker 1  43:42
Yeah. And he just had to, he had to quell the chattering inside. They had this they came from all the sales letter he's ever written off read and all the books and all the hype about all you know how you're supposed to be rich and you're supposed to be nailing it. And to just hold out for the right.

Unknown Speaker  44:03
So good, very good. A little bit Frank is gonna go next with his


Transcribed by https://otter.ai