Unknown Speaker  00:40
appeared briefly to grab my power cord and my water bottle.

Speaker 1  01:13
To see you received when I finally got around to sending out the email about first email about Sindbis sorry, EBS payments.

Unknown Speaker  01:24
I just I was just looking at that.

Speaker 1  01:28
I talked with Nick and briefly today on our are weekly call. And like I mentioned at the bottom there, it sounds like there might be a limitation where we can't, we can't do it exactly as that's back, we might need to give them a button to click to confirm the tally button to click that, that checks the box and kicks off the background process. Sure. Name things have to be a button instead of a checkbox. Which doesn't really matter that much for their interface because it's almost always going to be happening from the yard app anyway.

Unknown Speaker  02:13
Yeah

Unknown Speaker  02:16
so yeah

Unknown Speaker  02:25
anyway

Speaker 1  02:48
it is almost middle of September, basically as middle of September now.

Speaker 1  03:02
Austin while I'm thinking about it, do you want to plan on any of your in your checking calls for the next four weeks while you're gone? Well, obviously not. The fourth week when you're off see.

Unknown Speaker  03:21
Time difference

Unknown Speaker  03:28
is Mountain Time.

Speaker 2  03:29
So? Yeah, it's mountain time. So I guess our scheduled calls would be at one o'clock then. I'm likely not. I guess. Yeah. Well, we plan on not doing them unless I tell you otherwise. But yeah, probably not. That's actually not the one next.

Speaker 1  04:02
Yeah. Okay. I'll go ahead and delete next week's then. And then the following week. I'm out Tuesday afternoon anyway. And then October 3, we can just leave that as it may be for now.

Speaker 2  04:18
Probably just leave it on the calendar, just in case but yeah. No guarantees.

Speaker 1  04:24
Yeah. And then if, I mean, obviously, if you're working in need something then let me know. And I can do a check in one off check in here and there as needed. Yeah.

Speaker 2  04:44
Yeah, I don't know. I guess since there's probably isn't much of a priority, but maybe I'll just mentioned that there are some kind of critical issues as far as like validation circular validations that I can't get past you that I have a dev input on what to next jobs that hopefully will lead to resolving that. But I don't know if anything's going to happen, fix via that dev input or not. And I know it's not real high priority, but just thought I'd mention it, maybe I should send an email to somebody, or maybe somebody knows how to fix it. Basically, I don't have permissions to edit things, and I don't have the permissions to change the things that I need to change to get myself to permissions to edit things. Right? Theoretically, theoretically, admins would have permissions to edit everything. But in this system, that's not true. Because like, facilitators have permissions for some things and are supposedly not. And maybe the answer is admins should have permission to edit everything. In which case, we just need to make admins have permission edit everything. Right now they don't.

Unknown Speaker  06:00
Yes, and you know what that is? Let me see.

Unknown Speaker  06:16
We recently made some changes

Speaker 1  06:26
recently made some changes to how that all works. And it's possible that they haven't been because of that very thing. Nothing caught that there was some in our design, there was some some missing logic basically, like that would allow for that, that circular stuff. So let's see, it hasn't been updated since.

Speaker 2  06:52
Oops. It hasn't been updated since it was deployed.

Speaker 1  06:56
The fifth so yeah, I'm not sure if he's made those changes or not. But once he makes those changes, I can try updating it. You could go that would make sense. I was just in there on my call with Nike and trying to poke at something and I couldn't edit things like I want to do so that would make sense. Make sense why?

Unknown Speaker  07:40
Elon says he's coming.

Unknown Speaker  07:59
way

Speaker 2  08:10
am I on this call just for that one, cch testing incident? 5889.

Speaker 1  08:18
Yes. I mean, if you want to say but yeah, that's, that's bringing you on for for that one.

Speaker 2  08:41
What's the purpose of this call? Generally, as like a tactical sort of call or?

Speaker 1  08:50
Yeah, it's, excuse me? It's generally question questions like this that we have on, on change requests on Project designs, whatnot. So yeah, getting questions answered on can our platform do this? How do we make it do that or things like that. Sometimes training, sometimes also planning, planning or discussing different different designs or projects or whatever. Kind of whatever, whatever things that we need from Matthias RELLIS. His brains keep stuff moving. And especially stuff that excuse me is most effective for most efficient to do in a call versus email.

Speaker 1  09:55
So in this case, it's specifically this This testing job but bigger picture hopefully some training on on expressions here in an app posting and how how they work you use them

Unknown Speaker  11:03
the Update complete. Yes,

Speaker 2  11:06
you can go to a contact record and see if you can save a contact as a lead or a member, what I need to do is be able to save a contact as a member. One of the main things I need to do anyway.

Speaker 1  11:19
Okay, your contacts. We should have a new menu options.

Speaker 2  11:29
There's only one you can open mine. Anyhow,

Speaker 3  11:32
I lost this year. Hey, guys, sorry, I just got a phone call as I was joining. So what can I do for you all and nice to see you awesome. I don't see you as often as the others.

Speaker 2  11:43
Gonna see Alice? Yeah, that's still not edible. So yeah.

Speaker 1  11:47
So that issues been resolved. Okay. All right. Yep. So we've got Austin on here today, there was this testing job from a while back. about validating and validating expressions for email reminders. familiar with how expressions should be working, I'm not familiar with, or as familiar with expressions as as I'd like to be either short, so figured it's gonna be a good training call or training job here. If you could walk the three of us through how, yeah, broader picture, how expressions work, how to put the expressions together. And then I'm obviously specifically in the context of this job, but sure. 30 minute training on expressions and app hosting.

Speaker 3  12:45
Yep. Okay. And you've got it recorded. So you can go back if you want to,

Speaker 1  12:50
is let me it is recording. Yep,

Speaker 3  12:54
only bad things. I can't eat my cereal while you're recording. Okay, so let's go ahead and just start with a really basic one. Once you pop into the demo system, and pop into the demo system. Let's pull up a contacts report for example. The and then go in and go into settings. So if you're familiar with Excel formulas, our syntax language is very similar to Excel formulas. There's a few a number of enhancements beyond that, but the basic thing is similar to that. And actually, should I just Should I just share my screen and then I can be that might be just as fast if you enable screen sharing for me. And let me get a Chrome window open.

Speaker 3  14:19
Let's do this while there. Okay. So

Speaker 3  14:29
if you the end settings, then you're seeing expressions. Now this one here is pretty complex. And so we'll start with simpler ones. The settings are in the like subsets and expression. An easy way to see this expression is it's got the little function expression editor here. You click into that you get a full more a fuller editor. We'll get into that in just a bit. So that is an expression as well. Interestingly, title is an expression. Now this one is different in that It's what we call him embedded expressions where it's primarily text. So because in something like source by if you put, if you put something in that it doesn't understand the whole thing blows up, which gives you an error. And so what with this one so it doesn't understand any of its plaintext. But you, then you put pound signs, and inside the pound signs, you put your expression. So you could say today, and then then if let's pop this out to another tab open, that's goes to another window, let me I can pull it, I can I pull it into this same thing I can't, we'll just run it here. And then this report run on 914. So it evaluates the inputs results in the text. And then you could also say yesterday, was today minus one. And then it would evaluate today minus one and put the results in there. So this PowerPoint, we call these embedded expressions, you'll see this in places that are primarily text. So typically, it's like in title, you can have the same thing and column contents. So you could do inside how pound signs, you could do a plus b. And then it will evaluate that and there you can see it evaluates to eight B down here in the column heading. So you can also put as prompts in here with this report doesn't have as prompts. If we went, which that's kind of getting into something new. Let's just make type of string. up there's already a type, so we have to call this text I guess.

Speaker 1  17:14
You you size down the the window a little bit, making smaller stops. And if you can make it smaller, it would go see a little better.

Speaker 3  17:26
Better, better. Okay, thank you. Actually, let me bring it across to my other monitor. And then I might go ahead and share all the monitor because sometimes there's other stuff I'm going to want to show you. So let me stop the share. And, and I can zoom in a bit there on that monitor. So if I should share screen, there's share screen one. How is that for you? Can you see the screen? Yeah, that's good. Okay. So if I pop this out for testing purposes, and go into ask prompts, and I added a new text, this is text. Then if I come into here, and in the eye instead of well here, if I say the Ask text, so you can well, let's do it over here. You can reference ask, asked, prompts. And there. And then if we and if you look at our preview, that it takes a plus this is text, because this is text is what I filled in for the Ask prompt, so you can reference as prompts here as well.

Speaker 1  18:51
So what does the V stand for? Typically, we use

Speaker 3  18:55
these for variables. You don't have to, but that's just typically how we identify this is a variable that you can reference the so and maybe we'll get to variables a little bit later. But basically, you need to have an ID or a way to reference this ask prompt here. So I create an ASP prompt, that's a string. And the labels at top the labels, the label is text, which is what you're seeing here. There's a bunch of other labels too, but this is the one that I added right here. So we can get into that one a bit more deeply later on. But those are embedded expressions. So you can have them inside column headings. In footnotes, you can put in a put an expression. And then if you ever seen like a Word template, this is the syntax that you use in Word templates to take a Word file and put a whole bunch of expressions inside a pound signs. And I think if you go into faith builders in their email records that they have or email input records, there's a bunch of Lb expressions in there that you've probably seen. And so now you can kind of understand you put all the normal text outside of pound signs and all the special expressions inside of pound signs. And then when the program evaluates, it will evaluate it correctly. The other interesting thing you can do is, let's, I'm gonna get rid of this for now. Let's run this report pop into here. Part of the question is, well, if you want to find out what a field is, name is, how do you find it? Well, the easiest way to do it is fine to report that uses it or just use the Find field name here. So field information, and then you click on it. And hopefully, it'll show you like, here's contact first name, so I'm going to copy that. And there's contact last name, I'm going to copy that. Here is contact phone number, we're going to use that. But interestingly, it's got this isn't an Archie. So if I use contact phone number, it'll give me the first phone number in unsorted mode, which is that work number. But there are ways to get the other ones out of the RG.

Unknown Speaker  21:24
And so then, if you go into settings, column contents, just some really simple things you can do is, so let's pop into the expression editor here.

Speaker 3  21:43
And I'm going to take contact, first name. And if I would go contact first name plus last name, it went give me Aaron Abrams, without a space in between. Does that make sense. So we've taken two fields and added them together. Now these are both string fields. So it's plain to error plain text field. So if I want to, I would, what I would want to do is I would say contact first name, plus, and then in quotes a string and then contact last name. And by having that that space there inside the quote, that's just a little is what we call a string literal. And then it puts it in here. Or if you'd want to, you could say, first name, colon, plus this. And then let's say we do it on a new line, which is a special expression to start a new line string to start a new line. And then last name. And actually, you can either use single quotes around a string or double quotes around a string, it doesn't really matter that much. I think we tend towards single quotes, but it doesn't really matter. If the one time when you for sure need a double quote is or the string itself contains a single quote. So if you have Smith's market and you want to print, you know Smith's and then quote asked, and then you wouldn't need that. But so if we run this right now, we it's jamming it all together, because we didn't set word wrap. But if we go ahead and wrap text, you'll see first name, colon, and then you say, oh, wait a second on last name, I forgot to add the colon space. So. So there you have a really simple string expression. So the piece is to remember that well, okay. And if you if you look at an expression, you can also alt, you can go, there's two things you can do, you could search over here, contact first name, and click on it, click View code. And it says okay, it's a first labels first name. And here it tells me that it's a string, and it's for the contact record. You can also just hit Alt G here to pop into the same thing if you want to look at something. And I think the um oh, here we go. Here, you can click the keyboard shortcuts here that gives you all sorts of keyboard shortcuts that you can use inside the editor. So, alt Alt G is probably the most likely one that you're going to want to do. But there's other things you can do as well. So that's a simple string. If for a number field you can do I don't have any number fields on the record itself, but you can do You know, 34 plus two times three. Now it use the algebraic form of equate of evaluating this. So it'll do multiplying before adding, if I remember right, if you go back to order of operators in algebra class, so 34, a two times three is six, I think this should be 40. And let's make sure that I'm right here. Yeah, that that is 40. Now, if you'd want to do it, it makes sure that the adding happens first, just like an algebra, you can put parentheses around that. And that will be 36 times 308. But so we forced the with parentheses, we can force the order of operation.

Speaker 2  25:46
That's been quick question. Yeah. The spaces and all the expressions important are they you just do that? Purely, it's just for

Speaker 3  25:54
it's just for readability. The other one that you that is quite helpful is an auto format, which is Alt A, I hit it without even thinking about it. So what you do is, if you just hit Alt A, it'll give you an eye in nice spaces, in specific ways, and we'll see that even more on once we get to more complex expressions. So the Oh, yeah, as long as you've got operators, you don't need to have spaces. But you can also spread this across the lines, if you want to have and add this, and it'll still give you 108. So you can do the other thing that's quite helpful. Yes, you could say, you know, morning temperature, you can, you can Celsius. And I don't know what the times three is multiplied by something. So you can put comments wherever you want to. And the comments are in curly brackets, they show up in green here, it doesn't do anything at all to the expression, it's just lets you start explaining what you're doing. So if you do that, so it's only for for visuals while you're looking at the expression here. So someone else coming in later understands, or you coming in later, you understand what you were thinking. So that's a comment. No implication there. Strings, comments, dates. I don't know if we've got this is this thing is full of strings. Here. It is. And there's a bit of a date here, but it's a little bit hard to get to I think we, I guess we could go to invoices. But a date is so that today function would give you a date, obviously. And then you can also do math on dates, plus, plus one. There are functions like that. Okay. The other thing that's helpful is, in this case, instead of running the fort, we can just open expression evaluator, and here it will, it will show you immediately 914 2023 And then you go minus one 913 You could go you can get the year of it. Of this that the year of today is 2023. We all chanted that returns a year from Date D. So the year is what we call a function or moments. And you take if you look here, it takes one parameter a printer that that is referred to as D here, and then it returns a year from that date. So and So if you'd want to go you know, 10 years after this year, you could go year today plus 10 and you get 2033. There's a bunch of other things you can do with with last given given a date, you and then how many months in the future the past year, it will give you the last day of that of that last day of month for that date. So if we would say five months in the future, then the last date if I for five months from the day, the last day of that month is February 29 2024. There's a whole set of functions. For this kind of thing. If you go to functions here, you can see you can see all the common ones here in this you know probably 100 or something here if you I'll start working with this quite a bit, we could scavenge out of investor tools help system. The the part of the the the help pages that talk about the state stuff that would be well, just about the the parser itself. We the Help system is specific enough to investor tools that we weren't able to just give it broadly to all our clients. But there's a lot that we could copy out or I mean, I wouldn't mind letting you all have access to everything. But I wouldn't want to distribute everything to the clients because it you know, it talks about the vegetables, products and stuff. But that could probably be helpful for you all. The other kinds of functions that are, are pretty helpful. There are is is the if statement is okay is a different syntax in Excel. So let me think through what I want to do here. I want to say if.

Speaker 3  31:18
Okay, well, let's Okay, let's do some things. If first, contact first name equals

Speaker 3  31:34
let's first of all, see what the first name is here. We're not on a record right now. So if we come over to here, and then go into the expression evaluator, we'll be looking at this particular record. Okay, so here, I'm on the record itself, contact first name, Abby. So if I would say if contact first name.

Speaker 3  32:02
If if, well, we'll keep it simple to start with. If contact first name equals abi, then it will say match. And then otherwise, it will say no match. And here it's match. But if I, if I miss change the spelling, it would say no match. Does that make sense how the if statement works, you shouldn't condition true or false at the beginning. And then if it's true, it returns the first item, otherwise, it returns the second item, you could also do something like if left contact, so the left, the left one character is an A, then it's a match. You can do left to right, you can do mid. And there's a bunch of other things you can do to with strings to split them change them, it's to work with a string, but the if if if is a very common condition that we use in lots of places.

Speaker 2  33:07
That would be great to see how not ands and ors Oh, sure. Also, yes.

Speaker 3  33:18
So we can, we can use a, okay. And we're not giving this to clients. So we'll go into the FB system where we've got contact types, I think would give us some more options on conditions. So let's go into settings

Speaker 3  33:52
if okay. Okay, okay, there are two things, contact type. And if you if you're, if you are comparing to a list field, if you start typing, it'll actually give you the list options right there and you can pick whatever you want. So if contact type equals school, and we couldn't say then we could say school name, colon, plus contact name, otherwise, we would say not a school. And so if we run that, you know, it says not a school, honest school, not a school school name is this school name is that etc. So that's, that's not us. Okay. Now, instead of this, you can actually say, if you don't want to equal then you use you Use less than greater than together to say it does if the contact type is not a school, then you say, well, actually, let's do it. If it's not an individual, then we say, org name. So this lets me get everything. That's not an individual.

Speaker 3  35:30
Does that make sense? So what I was saying, so it says, For all of these organizations, and then for these people here, it says, not an organization. So what I what I did here was I said, contact type does not equal individual. And we could have flipped that around, it would be exactly the same thing. If you say if it equals an individual, and say, not an org, otherwise, say this is just to me, if you change the order, but what you're referring to is the not key itself. So if you say not.

Speaker 3  36:14
Contact, SPE.

Speaker 3  36:25
That's a really confusing thing to say. So anyway, that's the not eligible column. It says yes, if it's not eligible, which is a little bit, it's a little bit mind bending to say that. But But what you could I guess what you could say is, if not eligible for SPE, then you can say, not eligible. And then otherwise, you don't say anything. There.

Speaker 3  37:05
And I guess these are not eligible, but still check. Yeah, they're not eligible. There you go. Um, so there's the not you, which basically just flips around whatever comes after it, then. But you can also say things like, contact type, we'll put it in here if contact type equals business and not eligible. So look, this is a non eligible business. Because the contact type is business, and it's not eligible. So So here are the non eligible businesses, these are schools. And somewhere down here, there's businesses that are eligible that won't say this, et cetera. So that's adding it together. Now, we could also say contact type equals business, or contact type equals school. And then these we're going to call org. This isn't a perfectly precise, but just to show you what it looks like, it'll say, organizations for those. Now, interestingly, we didn't handle a scholarship organizations or expression isn't quite right. But it shows you how an oar works. You don't want to get too complicated with lots of ANDs and ORs. But you, you can say, and you can't mix the two. In the same way, if you start mixing them together, then we require you to specify use parentheses to make it clear what you're doing. So for example, if I want non l eligible businesses, so contact type is business. And it's not eligible. Or it's so I want not eligible businesses. And I want schools here, it's giving you an error. And if you try to use it, or is an ads within the same set of parentheses are not allowed. So what we have to say is, well, what are we trying to group together? We're grouping the non eligible businesses together. And I formatted it here. So if it's a non eligible business, or it's a school now, so he this might we might want to add a comment here. Oops, probably here.

Speaker 3  40:04
scrape says, Forgive my spelling. Not eligible businesses and schools are handled together for whatever reason. So now I've got a comment that kind of helps explain what we're doing here. And it still works like that

Speaker 3  40:26
there are, I mean, what we really should do is set up a training course, for the for the whole thing. And I wonder how I'm trying to think how I could usually get you a Help system. Because it would be great if if like in one system, like inside the billing database, or inside cch if we just enable the Help system, then you could at least then I could point you to specific documents. Because let me show you what not demo web sandbox. So this is an investor tool system

Unknown Speaker  41:14
okay, I'm gonna say it's

Speaker 3  41:21
and you can see about 20% of what will mean some of these, we could use possibly multiuser information, potentially navigation, user folders, that one we could probably copy over directly or use directly but then a fear fairly often, it'll reference something specific about investor tools. Okay, probably under, let's just search for it. We'll search for the cat keyword string functions. Okay, so under Advanced reports and graphs, then you have math functions, string functions, date functions. So this stuff right here would be quite helpful for you. There's also assign variables now these are I could probably teach you better than this explains it, but there are variables you can use here. And we can set up macros

Speaker 3  42:34
here we talk about data types. And we didn't okay, there's repeating group functions that are interesting. So you could can cat or gee I could get to that sometime and anyway, so I think I've given you the 30 minute version. and and I don't mind sometimes giving you know doing another training session. Looking for a way to get this content over would also be fairly interesting either over or just exposing it

Unknown Speaker  43:37
let me try something make sure it doesn't work

Unknown Speaker  43:46
we don't ship it okay. It's worth a try. Let me just make a note to myself

Speaker 3  44:09
and it's easy to get lost. I mean, some of this stuff is quite advanced. But, you know, if we if we'd have a way to link to it, it wouldn't be at least we can link to this and say well, you know, here's some helpful information but okay, and say Here are examples you know, these examples you could show to a client because it's talked about credit scope and smart and then but a bunch of this could actually be be done. So, anyway

Unknown Speaker  44:52
the specific questions

Speaker 2  45:01
Sure. This is when it's been helpful. I'm sure not, I'm still not sure that it's quite given me what I need what you need for your job complete the testing job that brought the question up in the first place. Yeah, which I even think even looking at it here a second time with some distance removed. I think some of my own questions have been answered. Can you give me the link thing? I didn't realize your job? Oh, sorry. Go ahead. For sure. Yep. One thing I didn't realize they had asked me to create a list. And I was that didn't quite understand what that was talking about. Because I didn't realize that you can just create lists in the system. But then when I open this again, today, I was like, oh, you can't actually create lists. So you can't create lists. That's how they were talking about. Sure. I didn't realize you could even do that. Sure.

Unknown Speaker  46:00
And

Speaker 2  46:10
so even just knowing that I think gives me a lot more to work with, sure. But I was just having a really hard time following. Okay, so then the other line make the expression invalid outside of the

Speaker 3  46:24
record. Okay, so what's happening here, to be able to get a report alert, it's kind of tricky, I mean to. So what we want to do with these snippets

Unknown Speaker  46:40
are the interface. And there we go. So here are various list snippets. The I'm going to just make a copy of this one, so I don't mess anything up, copy this snippet.

Speaker 3  47:00
And this snippet actually would be evaluated on the expression. Now let's find a different snippet. That one's complex. Oops.

Unknown Speaker  47:16
Here's a good one.

Speaker 3  47:24
The and this isn't really necessary. But if you'd want to, you could down here, you could say, contact name, for example. And when, which is the expression for the contact name. And then when you when the snippet is used, it'll change that to Ellis Miller, or whatever the expression is. So what they are proposing, okay, and we have a report alert that pops up to say if you're if you have a snippet that doesn't work that doesn't parse. And, but see, if I misspell this here, and try to save the expression is invalid, it won't let me save so I won't ever get the report alert. So what I need to do is save it with something that is a valid expression. And then outside of this record, I need to break it so it no longer is a valid expression. Sure, and so if if you would have a list and this is what they were proposing, let's say we have a shopping list they were talking about list count. So list count. Let's say we have a list called shopping which we don't in this system but if we did then this was put in I could see you know 13 items in list in shopping shopping list. And then the snippet would automatically insert however many items I have in that list I can't see that but if I would go ahead and create a shopping list I wouldn't be able to save it then if you go outside and delete the shopping list. Now this record is no longer valid and and you'll get an alert kind of like this to say me that when you click on what say you know you have an invalid snippet

Unknown Speaker  49:37
Yeah, okay.

Unknown Speaker  49:39
That that's that helped clarify

Speaker 2  49:41
that's that's that's the information I needed to know perfect. Yeah, I think yeah.

Speaker 3  49:54
I to have a long term dream of getting more helps us to mentor our clients hands. And exactly what that'll do is it'll be expensive to do. So, you know, think, I don't know, well, it depends how we do it. But if we have to decide do we just copy pasted across, and then it becomes obsolete? Do we find some ways to mark it up so that every month we it's up, it's updated, but we kind of know what to add and what to remove. It's just complex, and maintaining it as complex. But, you know, people like people, like, just in that faith builders would love to have good documentation. Um, he's creating reports, and he's doing some stuff. And if you've worked with Excel, and or other programming languages, and you start seeing some example, stuff, you start getting a sense of what you can do, but, but having more documentation would be fantastic. I'm certain in five years from now, we'll have much more than we do. And we will have some form of a Help system.

Unknown Speaker  51:11
Okay, anything else?

Speaker 1  51:13
That that's been really helpful? Great. Yeah. Awesome. Do you have more on it on any of that? Or Ben, any specific questions?

Speaker 2  51:25
I don't think so. I'm pretty sure that gives me the information I need to finish testing this job shortening here for a while. Yeah, I'm sure there's lots more we could learn about expressions and stuff. But I think that answers the pertinent questions.

Speaker 1  51:42
Sure. Sure. Cool. We actually we have nine minutes left here. You if, if Austin, if you want to stay on through the end here. You had sent that email to me the other day about how record merging works? That's right. And so maybe we could get Ellis to give us an overview of that, too. I know. I know, a little bit of it. But what was your question? Again, Austin, basic? Sure. How do you know what, which one's going to survive? Survive? Yeah. What happens if there's information on one? It's not on the other one that?

Speaker 2  52:25
Yeah, I mean, basically, I know, the Merge feature is there, but I've never really used it. And I don't really have an understanding of how it works. Especially Yeah, as much as it relates to if there's information in both fields. And the same field on both records, which one lives in which one dies, basically, just how it works.

Speaker 3  52:46
So the reality is, and I think the message is fairly clear, this process will delete Aaron, great 1018 and Replace All references in the system with a new value below. Any information you wish to retain should first be copied over to the new record. So so this will, it completely wipes out the record in every way that you're looking at it? The record has gone, gone, gone, and nothing remains? But what happens is, if there were any places in the system that where we had, let's say an invoice for Aaron the great, then it would change that invoice to now be for Aaron Abrams. Does that make sense? Yeah. So I think this message is reasonably clear if you've got better wording for it. But but the main thing to recognize is the record on it will completely disappear. But references to that record will point to the new record.

Speaker 2  53:51
Sure. So nothing will no fields will be edited on Aaron Adam Abrams,

Unknown Speaker  53:58
right record.

Speaker 2  53:59
Okay. Got it. And none of the information that is on Aaron's grades record is over or anything like that. Okay. I think I had it stuck in my head. Like I thought I thought how it works was it copies information from the old record to the other? I think I had that in my head from I don't know, probably my bad assumptions. So it was always sort of confused. Got. That makes sense. Yeah,

Speaker 3  54:25
this and this message is relatively new. So I think a year ago, the message was much more confusing. So it could be that you had stumbled across it the feature, you know, year and a half ago, then it would have been it probably wouldn't have been as quite as clear as it is here but we did discover with faith builders, that merging is a bit of a mess in certain cases and and we need to work and we're trying to think through how to do the pro cramming changes for it. But because we're actually literally deleting this record, then we are checking the can delete expression on the record, which is incorrectly checking to see sometimes some records, you can't delete it if it's referenced anywhere. Well, if we're deleting it by merging, the references are going to be updated. So you shouldn't be allowed to delete it in that case. So, um, and I've got five minutes. And so we're going to be doing some programming changes for that we, we

Unknown Speaker  55:53
screen that call for them.

Unknown Speaker  56:05
So any more questions on that?

Speaker 1  56:11
I think the only would think would be in the, in our designs, we have that special considerations. thing for, for records. Yes. Delete, merge and copy. Are there any specific things that we should keep in mind for special considerations on Merge? Or is that one faith builder thing? One thing that we should mention? Like, no,

Speaker 3  56:35
we're going to fix that. So it's not a problem in the future. Okay. So, okay, basically on the merge is just ask yourself a question. Is it appropriate from a business standpoint to merge these records because this record would be gone? So for example, what's a good example? Like, imagine a faith builder scholarship record or something? I don't know that you ever want to let them merge that because the first all the data on the first record is completely wiped out? So so it's really more of a question of, you know, does it make sense to allow this type of record to be merged? So the, on the other hand, when we merge, we actually run the candidate, we check the Delete permission. So if you can't delete the record, you can't merge it. And so for faith builders, one maybe would say, what you're allowed to delete something, if it's in draft mode, or something, but not later on. In that case, we'd be protected for draft, I mean, you know, for the non draft ones. So I'm trying to think if there's anything else that's merged, copy, copy, I tend to say you can copy but then sometimes you think about it, I mean, it doesn't hurt to think about it, does it make sense to copy this thing? You know, it's kind of nice to copy an invoice and create another one that's almost exactly like it. But if it is a Okay, here's an example. And faith builders, we have these email records that are snapshots of emails that have been sent. So it wouldn't make sense to copy that. Because just because you made a copy of that email record doesn't mean another email was sent. I mean, so there's an example where copy doesn't really. So again, it's almost from a business standpoint, when the user wants to do this. And when it makes sense for the workflow. It's not perfectly simple. But yeah, okay. Also, for delete, this is interesting, mostly more for programmers and for you, but it's intriguing. We recently made a change that says, in order to delete a record, you need to have permission to edit the record. So if you can't edit that, you can't delete it, which is usually right. But sometimes it's a little bit tricky, where it's be, I don't really want people changing. Well, we don't normally want to change these records. But occasionally I want to delete it and then okay, then I have to give, let us occasionally address it, or I think it's how we where we ended up at. Again, that's not a typical use case, where we ran into it was with the those email records we had. The reason that we couldn't merge which we're going to fix this with CSC plus plus, the reason we couldn't merge is that we had two contacts, and one contact had been sent an email in 2021. And because of that, I couldn't merge these two records together like I wanted to. So I said, oh, let's just delete the email. Read the E Bill records, but then I couldn't because those were not editable in any way by anyone for any reason. So it couldn't be edited. It couldn't be deleted. Those are stuck. And so then I was I had my back against the wall, there's nothing I could do about it. We're gonna have to do some, some permission changes to make that we can delete those and we'll be okay. So

Speaker 1  1:00:24
cool. Okay, well, we're here. The top of the hour, so yep.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:31
Very good. Well, nice to work with you all. And we'll well, we might continue this

Speaker 1  1:00:39
sometime. Yeah, sounds good. Thanks. Take care.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai