Speaker 1  00:20
Uh, thank thank God for that little brain break. It allowed me to run to the coffee shop and get a coffee. And if we, if I was in Colorado, I would have said we should have ran over to the bean peddler for a little bit.

Matthias Miller  00:35
Poorhouse man, there's more house block and a half down. Let's Hello. Oh, hey, hey, hey, hey, yo, yo, see, you should have not the bean peddler anymore. Like up, like two blocks down. There's the poor house

Speaker 1  00:53
from you. So they have one. They have one in Canyon as well. Yep,

Matthias Miller  00:59
way better coffee,

Unknown Speaker  01:01
yay.

Matthias Miller  01:04
So, but yes, I completely agree. I have a list of random folks tagged in my contact list is random, so I dialed up one of those. I was just like, hey, what's going on? And anyway, there you go. That was my 30 minutes. And oh, he's like, he's like, he's, he's, he's, he's beachy now, or beachy background, I'm not even sure, or beachy friends, but he's like, conservative background, and he's going through the 40 year old dad crisis, who am I? And confronting all kinds of stuff. And I'm investing in taking my business to the next level, and I'm not going to stay here. And I'm like, yeah, anyway, he's talking about desktop. I'm just like, I don't often get this, but it's just like chills up and down, up and down, up and down. Like, what

Speaker 1  01:52
it is, is that, what it is that it's a 40 year old, dead crisis, is that, is that? What is that? What it is?

Matthias Miller  01:57
I think, I mean, it is what it is, isn't that most, of what I told, yeah, I might have told you this. I told, I told my team members years a number of years ago, that the way you preempt a midlife crisis is you start doing the work on yourself now. But some, some of it you can't address till it actually bubbles up. But it's kind of a thing. It seems like i Ah,

Speaker 1  02:23
okay, I am going to drop a screenshot because I think we're missing some things that we have not talked about yet. Where do you want me to drop this screenshot signal? Side note, why can't I see screenshots in the dev

Matthias Miller  02:42
sometimes, when you're editing for a while, you have to edit and and re enter edit mode because it runs out of memory.

Speaker 1  02:50
No, I literally cannot see any like, even the screenshot that I put in when I come back in the next time just just shows up.

Matthias Miller  02:59
Well, did you? Well, it might be it didn't save properly, like it wasn't in the right format that it could suck into there. And

Speaker 1  03:07
I don't know everything. So here's the deal. It first came up with. Seth had a had a question for me with a screenshot. I said I couldn't see it. He says, everybody else in their office could see it. I never could see it. I can't see any screenshots in the entire dev system or the dev spec, but

Matthias Miller  03:27
you can see other screenshots,

Unknown Speaker  03:29
like an assist, yeah,

Matthias Miller  03:31
no. But in can you, can you view screenshots in the in the main requirements? Nope, oh, you can't see any screenshots. Oh, let me try something. Is

Speaker 1  03:41
it a permission like Seth chased it for a little bit and finally gave up and said, I got other things to do.

Matthias Miller  03:46
Let me. Let me try switching you. I'm going to switch my Gmail account over to the only dashboard and no, that's the No, that's the No, that's cch,

Speaker 1  04:02
to be clear, I'm I'm not. I haven't tried anything in the in only itself. I'm talking about in the dead space.

Matthias Miller  04:09
Yeah, yeah, I get it. Okay, so Matthias, M test, it's this email. You make it only. RTO personnel, then I'm going to go into CCA, oops. See CA, chat app hosting that zone.

Unknown Speaker  04:27
Do accept

Matthias Miller  04:33
proposal? I see exactly the same thing. Open in new tab. You do not have permission to access this feature. It's a Ooh, let's see. We go into only our Geo, personnel, detail screens, client proposal, I. Well, that is a bug commands,

Speaker 1  05:07
it's a bug unrestricted users, isn't it? Yeah, it is. Gotcha. It's fine. It just means, if I drop a screenshot into you guys can see it. I just can't, so

Matthias Miller  05:20
I'm going to do only at Oh, what is it? Only?

Matthias Miller  05:31
Only email address,

Matthias Miller  05:38
Ellis. We are not able, not able to view memo screen, memo screenshots as restricted users in the in the only system I duplicated it by linking my Gmail to the account.

Matthias Miller  06:07
For example, this URL turns.

Matthias Miller  06:19
Do you want? Is this worth writing? Can you?

Matthias Miller  06:37
This is not I mean, are you? Is it creating significant pain for you? No.

Speaker 1  06:45
It just means that nobody, nobody can leave me a to do with a screenshot

Matthias Miller  06:51
pain for Dwayne, but it, but it, but

Speaker 1  06:56
I'm the only one so and it just means that I told Seth. I said, if there's a screenshot I need to see, I'll just request it, and you can just drop it in signal or something.

Matthias Miller  07:09
It's not pretty significant pain for Dwayne, but it

Matthias Miller  07:21
Okay. Good. All right, we should, I mean, we should still, still, seems like at least notify the the platform team. Okay, where do we want to go?

Speaker 1  07:36
We are trying to get this contract thing figured out. Trying

Matthias Miller  07:44
to find where I I'm trying to find myself.

Matthias Miller  07:52
Okay, here we go.

Unknown Speaker  07:54
Share.

Matthias Miller  08:01
Okay. Okay, and then you had this signal screenshot.

Unknown Speaker  08:11
What is this random one of three adjective, oh, that's the test screenshot. I Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  08:26
yes.

Speaker 1  08:32
Okay, so yes, one of the things that we have not dealt with, and I think it needs to live on the more details of the contract record, is if it's a 90 day, same as cash, when is the expiration date?

Matthias Miller  08:43
Do you have a? Do you have a? Are you done editing?

Unknown Speaker  08:51
Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, I'm out now.

Matthias Miller  08:58
Okay, so I and that's auto calculated,

Speaker 1  09:07
yeah, based on the number, like, if we have a setting on the on the contract definition, and so it would be, it would be, it would be, how whatever those days are on the con from the contract definition, based on the contract type that was selected from the start date of the contract would be when the the sac that the SAC would expire. Okay, so then

Matthias Miller  09:35
it like that's, that is the date of expiration. So it's available through that date. That's right. So if you do it on the first you can, you can access it through the 31st

Speaker 1  09:48
Yeah, and I imagine on on make a payment, we're going to have to to work through some of those details, but at least for the for the sake of this conversation, we need to store that date.

Matthias Miller  09:57
Okay, well, I'm proposing that we store. Are the number days, same as cash and show that date. Sure. Okay, good.

Speaker 1  10:07
What else? What? Where is my comeback here? No, I don't want that. I want this.

Speaker 1  10:18
Thought there was some other. I don't know how we're going to do auto pay stuff yet. We got to talk about that at some point. There is this thing that RTO Pro does where you can see there they store, the dealer and the sales rep. I don't know if I want to get into this or not. If it is, it's probably just a fillable field on contract entry that goes into the contract record. It might be valuable just as a fillable field

Matthias Miller  10:55
that go on the top,

Speaker 1  11:01
probably the RTO pro somewhere maintains a list of sales people. Um, I guess we could make them contact records if we wanted to. That probably is a smarter thing to do, because this is one of those things where no this is this is silly. We do. We need to do this in some form or fashion because we want to run reporting on it so that we can build reporting about dealerships and sales reps.

Matthias Miller  11:35
So don't you want your sales reps linked to a dealer as well? We're all, or are they the same thing?

Speaker 1  11:52
So if we made them both contact records, would they both be contact records and a contact type of dealer and a contact type of of sales rep and and then we would have a on the sales rep. We would have either on the sales rep. You'd have a drop list to add the dealership to it. The

Matthias Miller  12:13
salesperson would have a dealer, and if they sell for multiple dealers, which I don't know if we need to support, but

Unknown Speaker  12:21
so then and it would auto fill the dealer,

Matthias Miller  12:26
yes. And so this would be read only, automatically derived. Well, unless you unless you know it

Speaker 1  12:33
needs to be editable, it needs to auto fill, but still be editable. That way you can auto fill the sales rep. You put the sales rep in and autofill his primary dealer, and then if he is, if that's, if he sells for multiple deal, then you can go, select whatever the dealer it was.

Matthias Miller  12:52
I mean, wouldn't this be the list of so salesperson can sell for multiple dealers? But wouldn't this be the list of dealers for the salesperson? Or can you select something that they don't sell for?

Speaker 1  13:05
So then, so then, therefore, you're, you're proposing on the on the contact record for the sales rep, that you could select multiple dealers on there, and then that would filter the list of dealers.

Matthias Miller  13:17
Yes, and if you don't select the sales person, you can just select from your list of active dealers. I like it. I like that. Okay, so then, so to do.

Matthias Miller  14:00
On a dealer record. Do you need to see have a virtual RG with sales people for that dealer?

Unknown Speaker  14:13
So then which, which way are we choosing it? Are you choosing you're

Matthias Miller  14:16
choosing you. I think, I think you say this salesperson sells for these dealers. Okay, but then from a dealer, I want to say, hey, which sales people do I have?

Unknown Speaker  14:31
And so that would just be a a virtual RG or something,

Matthias Miller  14:38
yeah. I mean, do you want? Do you want that?

Unknown Speaker  14:41
Yeah, I think that's fair. I think that's good idea.

Speaker 1  14:58
Okay, so. They're fielding rental paid, other paid, which is late fees and so on and so forth. How much of this stuff do we want to field on the contract record? Or just straight up, macro calculate,

Matthias Miller  15:13
macro calculate. Okay, I don't know why they're feeling it. That just seems stupid, but I uh, we

Matthias Miller  15:27
don't, I mean white calculate when you can just set it every time. We

Speaker 1  15:31
don't need to do anything with schedule pickup, because that's going to be him through transit tasks. Although I do think we need a note for this, that if a transit task is assigned to this contract record as a retrieval, and it's completed, we probably ought to move the statuses to something retrieved. I don't know if we have a status for retrieved, but we there is. There needs to be some validating change requests. I don't know something to happen when retrievals happen, so that if you complete a retrieval, it just automatically deals with the contract accordingly.

Matthias Miller  16:09
Well, how do you want to and if you want

Speaker 1  16:15
to punt that down the road until we get to logistics, I'm fine with that.

Matthias Miller  16:20
My brain is hurting with, okay, let's just do this. Let's just keep Can we just keep working? Is there anything else off of this that we need to schedule pickup?

Speaker 1  16:34
No, that that's what I was just talking about. Ignore that there is, there is a function inside of RTO Pro that I know a lot of people use, and it's this whole zones and and category thing where you can place contracts in a zone, and you can like if they use it almost like, because RTO Pro has terrible edit reporting capabilities, it's a way to get around and kind of categorize information and build reporting around past due stuff. I don't know that I want to do it, but then I there may be this, this whole point, at some point where we go back and add something like this, when we get to, like, reporting on past due stuff because

Matthias Miller  17:32
tags

Speaker 1  17:42
and how do we control the tags from I'm assuming that's user tags. And so therefore, do we care that it could get really messy for our company,

Matthias Miller  17:53
right? I mean, the pull point of tags is, do whatever you want. Shoot like it's your foot, not

Speaker 1  17:57
mine. I like it. So if we tag the contract record, and it's an RG of tags, I'm presuming, yeah,

Matthias Miller  18:05
let me see if I can find let me see If I think Z man might use. Let's see. I

Matthias Miller  18:24
Yeah, so currently, the way, I mean, this is how we do it here, and then you add a new item, and you like that.

Speaker 1  18:37
So do we want tags on just contracts? Do you want tags on contracts and contacts? Do we want con tags on contracts? Tags and buildings we have,

Matthias Miller  18:49
we have built in tags for contacts,

Unknown Speaker  18:51
okay, and that's standard.

Matthias Miller  18:58
We can turn it on,

Unknown Speaker  19:00
okay, so it's not currently turned on. Well, is

Matthias Miller  19:04
that what you're saying? It might not be. Probably not.

Unknown Speaker  19:08
It's not. I mean,

Matthias Miller  19:12
do you want it turned on?

Speaker 1  19:15
Yes. And I think for now, let's tag contacts and contracts, I don't think that product is valuable. I could be argued with, but that's my opinion. Tags give you a ton of flexibility, right? Yeah, you can, you can create all kinds of fun stuff, right?

Matthias Miller  19:43
So then, do you want? I'm assuming, do you want a different Tags List between contracts and contacts?

Unknown Speaker  19:55
Presumably, i.

Speaker 1  20:00
Yeah, okay, I don't know. Here's how we're going to use them on contracts. I suspect you may tag a regional area. You may tag like I expect, some tagging that way. The way it will get tagged on the customer side is almost like a blacklist. If this customer was repoed and we've had bad experiences, you tag them with Do not ever rent to again, right? So maybe it is separate lists. Why? Why do separate lists? Why not just make one, just one, I don't know, argue with me. You're the genius. Here. Well,

Matthias Miller  20:49
okay, look the here's the nuance. Why would you? Why would you if you share the same list and you search for certain tags, search for people with a certain tag, do you want to include tags where the contact is tagged that way and they have, or had, have had a contract with that tag? Same. When you search for a contract, you search for a contract tag. Do you want to pull it up if any of the current or previous customers have had that tag as well? Is it? I mean, I guess, presumably, I guess there's a case to be made to ignore historical data. Like most of the time you don't want to include historical data.

Speaker 1  21:51
I am struggling to have a strong opinion whether to have one or two,

Matthias Miller  22:00
like go high level, will share it. I think, yeah, but I actually think the tags might just be stored on the contact like it's effectively a contact tag.

Unknown Speaker  22:16
I think, I

Matthias Miller  22:19
don't think it's, I don't think it's actually fielded separately.

Speaker 1  22:22
Why do we need tags on the contract? Why wouldn't it be tags on just

Matthias Miller  22:29
on the contact? Yeah.

Speaker 1  22:35
Okay, hold on a second. Let me go look something. What is RTO pro doing? They have ratings and they have zones. I think ratings, we're going to build our own thing for zones, yeah, but I mean, you can handle the zone with, with a tag. You could, you can do multiple tags, and you can, you can tag them with a contact record with one thing and a zone of another thing. I

Matthias Miller  23:05
mean, it could be, you could make an argument that it could be useful to see the the contact tags for this contract and to search contracts based on the current contact is this tag, maybe, but having it just be stored, having it be tied to the contact, in my mind, I

Speaker 1  23:28
think that's right. I think tying it solely to the contact and then fielding it over on the contract record.

Matthias Miller  23:36
And do you just want to see that as a common delimited list? Do you want to see a spreadsheet, a memo,

Unknown Speaker  23:49
what is going to be easiest to report on?

Matthias Miller  23:53
Well, I don't know that it matters. I mean, this is just for visuals. We can give you a way to report I mean, anything you need to report on, we can start giving you macros to make it easier.

Speaker 1  24:04
Okay, so then let's just do a a delimited list. Okay, can that eliminate can a delimiter be new line so it like gives a stack?

Matthias Miller  24:15
Yes, yeah. And would this be just combined for both customers? Yeah? Tags. Or do you want to see primary customer tags, primary tags, primary and

Unknown Speaker  24:26
secondary? Yeah, I think we do it separately.

Speaker 1  24:38
I like it. I like that a lot. That is so much, dude, this, this platform has so much more flexibility. Like, what can't we do? Can you make coffee for me in the morning?

Matthias Miller  24:51
Yeah, if you have a, if you, if you have a internet enabled device with a web hook, we can do a trigger with this. Actual task?

Speaker 1  25:03
Ah, that'd be funny. No, it just it. We don't need a web hook. It just fires an email to a little computer on the back of the of the coffee maker that says, Start coffee. And that email gets scraped and turns it into a trigger. Exactly.

Matthias Miller  25:23
Be great. All right, so

Matthias Miller  25:35
somewhere we need on the contact record. I

Matthias Miller  25:51
Where is this?

Speaker 1  25:54
So by putting it solely on the contact record, that's just a feature you turn on, there's no additional work, right?

Matthias Miller  26:00
That? Yeah, that's, it's like, literally five minutes of work.

Speaker 1  26:08
Do we want? Do we want to auto populate it with anything so that people don't, like, never mind, ignore. Should be

Matthias Miller  26:19
part of your onboarding process. Yeah? Because

Speaker 1  26:22
literally with tagging, we can both rate it and zone it and whatever with just a series of tags,

Matthias Miller  26:29
do whatever you want.

Unknown Speaker  26:30
Dude, that's insanely awesome.

Matthias Miller  26:34
All right? Contract tags, Nope, we're not doing contract tags. Okay, sweet. All right, now we're down to anything else in the screenshot.

Unknown Speaker  26:42
You happy

Speaker 1  26:48
we haven't talked about sales tax yet. That will be something we'll probably have to field on the contract record at some point.

Matthias Miller  26:54
Let's wait until Yeah.

Speaker 1  27:01
Just just know I want, I'm gonna want two options. One is, um, uploadable table of, uh, sales tax zones and and then also the option to link to tax jar. But that's down the road.

Matthias Miller  27:30
Contract record. Okay, so let's see we got 30 minutes. Okay, now we have rental fees. Now we have contract resolution here. Let's go pull this up. I

Speaker 1  27:58
have a couple questions about around documentation and the document? No, I'm the contact record, silly man. Come on, get over in the right spot. Where do I? Where's my so we do not currently field. Oh, wait a minute. Jeffrey Dallas is tied off to a contract. But we're not currently feeling that on the contact record. I imagine we'll talk about that at some point.

Matthias Miller  28:27
I mean, I think, I think we, yeah, probably at some point we need to go back to the contact record and spec it out. Um,

Speaker 1  28:33
documentation. And documents are these? What are these going to be? S3,

Matthias Miller  28:41
stuff. Yeah, um, these are references documents. Documents will be s3 Yes,

Speaker 1  28:47
I think there is a reference. So reference, then we talked about, I said something about landlord, so we already have that as part of documentation. References type that needs to be, you know, we need to find a list, and one of those can be landlord, with his information and phone number. We I would say, let's add email to that documentation. RG,

Speaker 1  29:15
I do have a question about promised payments. Does that should that live on the contract record on the contact record.

Matthias Miller  29:24
Hang on ship with, sorry, ship with, what do you want? Landlord and landlord,

Speaker 1  29:38
oh, what do we call this? Hold on a second, I will tell you.

Unknown Speaker  29:51
Where is this inquiry? Now, what I.

Speaker 1  30:00
No, no, no, where is this? Information, where is it? Where is it?

Unknown Speaker  30:12
Maintenance, okay, um,

Speaker 1  30:32
why am I struggling to find this? Where is it? Where is it? Straight?

Speaker 1  30:57
I put their their Come on, come on, where do they put their their references, information. I remember it being historically hard to find. I don't remember it being this historically hard to find. Customer Name, altername, address, home phone, work, phone, all those other phones, cell phones, daughters. Okay, there's the zone,

Speaker 1  31:34
let's I would say, I'd say, we ship with reference and landlord,

Unknown Speaker  31:47
okay, and

Speaker 1  32:00
we will have name, phone, number, email, don't know that we need anything more than Yeah, I think That's

Unknown Speaker  32:19
good. Let's do reference and landlord. That's good. I That's

Matthias Miller  32:24
good. All right. So then

Speaker 1  32:28
contract notes goes away in favor of our contract note record or our notes record. And then documents, I'm assuming that's an s3 thing that will tie out to PDF documents,

Unknown Speaker  32:40
etc. So yes.

Matthias Miller  32:42
Do we want

Unknown Speaker  32:45
to call it documents? We don't call it attachments.

Matthias Miller  32:50
Call it attachments. Yeah,

Speaker 1  32:51
let's call it. It's a little bit more, yeah, that's called attachments. And I don't know, I don't know what's capable here, but can we have a description beside the row, or, like, as a just a real quick so, like, if so you can, you can tag it as a contract. You can tag it as more documents. I don't know. Is that? Is that worth it? Otherwise, you just end up opening up all the documents with the links, and you have, you open up a whole bunch of tabs at one time. Giving it a short description would be nice.

Matthias Miller  33:32
Okay, welcome call. We haven't

Speaker 1  33:35
now. RTO Pro does this one thing that I wonder if we ought to talk about, and that is that when you're on the primary screen, they give you a way to do a default image it bought in like a bottom left hand corner, um,

Matthias Miller  33:56
do we want to Do, like for the for the RTO company,

Speaker 1  34:02
or what? Yeah, so, like, oftentimes it's a conch, like an image of a contract, or image of the person, or, you know, it's like, it's just like a, it's what they call a default image, and from, it comes from documents in their system. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  34:23
wait when you pull up a record, when you pull up something

Speaker 1  34:27
else. So this would, in our languages, would be when you're on the contact screen, right? You know what disregard for? Now, if somebody comes back around and says, we really want some kind of image for that, then we'll talk about that, and we'll do something about it for the for the time being, let's not, let's, let's not get into this. Did we decide on the promised payments, whether it needs to be here, on the contact? What's your opinion? I. Uh, well, or should, should promise payments be on the payment record, with all kinds of fun, fancy things to to field it on the contract record and the contact record, in a way to create a new

Matthias Miller  35:12
promise? Yes, it's just a payment, and it says it's promised, and then you can receive the payment, or you can say it's uncollected. Uncollectible,

Speaker 1  35:27
as long as we can see it like I'm good to move it over to the to the payment record, as long as we have a way to both make a promise and see the promises from both the contract and the contact records. Well, I mean,

Matthias Miller  35:41
the advantage, do you mind if they're all in the same? RG, what do you mean, like you just have an RG, of all payments, including promise payments.

Unknown Speaker  35:59
Interesting, interesting. And

Matthias Miller  36:04
if they're overdue, they could be red, or, like, if they missed it, it could be red. Uh

Speaker 1  36:08
huh, so you would filled it right in with the payments. Mm,

Speaker 1  36:24
I do I like it, or don't? I don't, I don't love it. It will tend to be kind of busy, and we

Matthias Miller  36:33
can have a separate RG, I mean, it's not. I mean it's not,

Speaker 1  36:37
I kind of almost want to see it. I don't like I guess if, if I think if, if we, if we made it, I think we, I think it could work or, or maybe it's that we grouped them. Like, if you grouped for contract, and you like if you had a, if you had a group of promises up at the top, and then you grouped your contracts below that, and they're, you know, sections of payments, maybe, maybe, I don't know, how much do we want to play around with this or try to design on the front end?

Matthias Miller  37:16
Data Model matters immensely,

Speaker 1  37:21
but the data model is putting it on the on the how we fielded on each contact and contract record is essentially reporting, right, yeah, so that's not nearly as critical.

Matthias Miller  37:32
So I would say, I mean, instinctively, this makes a lot of sense. Oh, you're going to pay $500 great, and boom, it automatically applies to your contact. And then they call in, hey, I'm making that payment. I promised whatever. All right, let's go ahead and mark this as resolved. And even on the promise pay, you might have to have to mark a resolution such as, this is the well, maybe no, the promise payment is just a, okay, I don't know how you want to do. You want to do it. There's two ways to it. One, the promise payment is just that record of a promise, but not a payment. So you store the same information, but or it's just a dumbed down record. Or you say, this is promised payment, and you come back in and say, and then you have to close it out like it's paid on here. It was paid elsewhere, or they didn't pay.

Speaker 1  38:31
Okay? Step one, move promise payments to payment record. Step two, define how you make a promise. I'm assuming that wherever from the contract or from the contact record. If you say, make a promise, we're going to force you to pick, if there's multiple conscious we're going to force you to pick the contract to assign it to. That would make sense. And

Matthias Miller  38:50
well, it's the same as a no. I mean, it's the same as any payment Yeah.

Speaker 1  38:55
But you're going to have, if you have, if you have two contracts, you have two payment records that go along with that.

Matthias Miller  39:01
Now, payment records can pay multiple contracts. That's a point of having a separate

Speaker 1  39:06
payment record. So does is okay, payment records and what have a one to one ratio

Matthias Miller  39:15
the check that came in or the credit card charge, but it has a one to many. Ratio between from a payment record once a many to many. So a contract has many payments, and a payment can have many contracts.

Speaker 1  39:30
So if I have four, if I have four contracts assigned to my contact record, one payment record, one payment

Matthias Miller  39:38
record could cover all of them. If you're planning to pay all of them.

Speaker 1  39:42
Okay, so when you make a, when you make a new like, if I add a contract, how does that contract get assigned to that payment record? Then,

Matthias Miller  39:54
well, I mean it. Whenever you make a payment, I don't understand. In, you make a new contract, a payment is okay, here's a check, here's a credit card charge. Okay, what's it for? What are we what are we paying for? What we're paying these three contracts? Okay, fair. Here's another one. Oh, I'm paying number four. Okay, great. Okay, now I'm paying just these two. Okay, great. I'm not paying all four of them. Okay, great. So it's a payment. It literally is a payment promise.

Speaker 1  40:23
I get that part, but on the on the payment record, then you're going to have to have assigned of num IDs of both the contracts and the contact record, right? Sorry, on the so in some way, we're How is, how is the contract, or how is the payment record linked to those specific contracts in that person.

Matthias Miller  40:44
So presumably there's a field for the person, and the list of contracts you can select are only for that person. And so you select person, you you enter the amount, it auto populates an RG. This is how we think you should apply the payment. You can modify that. If you want to pay more, pay less or no. You check the boxes to say, include this, this contract, this contract, this contract, that contract.

Speaker 1  41:10
Okay? What happens? What happens when I have four RTO contracts, okay? And my cousin comes along and I want to transfer one of those over to him. Okay, how does that affect payment records? I mean, I'm

Matthias Miller  41:31
not sure about promise pay, but, but I mean, it'll, it'll hang around Old, old records.

Speaker 1  41:42
So I think what I'm hearing you saying then potentially that one payment record could have more than one person and a different like

Matthias Miller  41:51
more than one the active customer for a contract could be different than the person who made the payment. Yes, but typically a person is only making a payment to his own contract.

Speaker 1  42:04
Yes, but I'm still trying to wrap my head around how that works with a payment record, like when, if I go open up a payment record, how am I going to know what people and what contracts are paying into that record?

Matthias Miller  42:19
There's an RG of contracts, okay, and there's a field for the customer,

Speaker 1  42:25
well, it would have to be an if you're gonna, if you if, so, so if, if there's always a lock, and I would think there always has to be a lock between contract and payment record, the potential exists that one of those contracts may be assigned off to another contact record. So do we need? Do we need, like can does this actually mean? Does it, do we actually need, need to field individuals? Why wouldn't we just field contracts if you, if you, if you because, if

Matthias Miller  43:03
because, when I pull up, because, when I pull up your account, I shouldn't see future payments that your, that your cousin or uncle or nephew, whoever it was who bought your building made. So we need to know that you were trying. You were the one trying to make the are

Matthias Miller  43:27
you thinking, or did you ask a question? I was trying to make an argument. You're saying, why do we need to field the customer on the payment?

Speaker 1  43:35
Well, I'm trying to think through the scenarios with okay in my head, I thought there was going to be a one to one ratio between a payment record and a contract record, and those two would always be married together, and every contract would have its own payment record, thereby allowing that contract and its payment record to move to from customer to customer, rather than having one payment record with multiple contracts paying to it. That was, I thought that was our data model. If you're saying you could have multiple contracts assigned into one payment record, I think there's a conflict that happens if you ever have to move one of those contracts over to another person. Well,

Matthias Miller  44:13
it depends how you're thinking about payment history. So from a contract perspective, what you want to see is what payments were made to this contract and who made the payment? From a person perspective, what payments did this person make to which contract? So let's just so you make six payments. Person

Speaker 1  44:36
is less important. I mean, because grandma may call and make a payment on your account, it doesn't really matter who the person is, that well, or

Matthias Miller  44:43
the customer, yeah. So what was the customer that it was for? And so when you pull up, when you transfer it, you will see, when you pull up your if you pull up your contact profile, it will show you the initial six payments. Then you pull up your cousin's profile. File, and it will see the subsequent six payments. Then you drill down into a contract, you open up the contract, and then it will show you 12 payments, six for you as the customer, six for for him as the customer.

Speaker 1  45:16
So I think what I'm hearing you saying then a payment record needs to be one to many on both contracts and people and contracts?

Matthias Miller  45:24
Yes, well, no, it's a one to one to a customer. Because if you make a check, write a check, and he writes a check, it's for two different who is the customer at the time of payment. Now, unless you need to handle scenarios by which so maybe you do need to field it. Maybe grandma calls in and says, I'm gonna Okay. This could be a scenario. Do you need to handle this? Grandma calls in and says, I'm feeling very, uh, generous today. I'm paying for Dwayne and and his cousin's payments today. Can I do that in one payment? And if you want to handle it, then yes, you do need to have the customer on the stored on the RG, so that you can have one payment covering multiple customers, or more likely, your Berman rents, does an RTO? You have a personal RTO? You're like, I'll just write one check.

Speaker 1  46:27
Okay, here's another scenario, and it's to make my argument that there needs to be a one to one ratio between payment record and contract record. Is that so customer, a comes in, buys a building with a contract, and decides that, you know what, I can't afford this building, and sweetheart deals something with the RTO company that says, if you ever come back and render the building, we'll take that payment history that you paid on that one right there, and we'll move it to your new one. Okay, so if there's a wonder, if there would be a one to one ratio between contract and payment record, then the potential exists that you could take that payment record and move it now to a new contract. But

Matthias Miller  47:15
why would you just do a transfer? Why would you say that?

Speaker 1  47:20
Well, I mean, if we don't, if we, if we don't do a one to one ratio of payment record to contract, then we need to have some sort of transfer method.

Matthias Miller  47:31
But if you let your payment method Go ahead, if you let your payment method be for multiple contracts, then you can have a negative, you can have a payment, a negative payment on the original contract to reverse it. You can have a positive payment on the new contract to put it in, and you can do it

Matthias Miller  47:55
transfer that way. So in that case, you are right. Theoretically, we need a way to be able to select a different primary customer and contract so that we can do transfers Okay,

Speaker 1  48:10
argue the benefit of one payment record to multiple contracts.

Matthias Miller  48:15
It models reality. It's easier to push to accounting. I'm trying to pull up The conversation because we I

Matthias Miller  48:43
give me a second. Let me let me see if I can pull anything up here, I'm

Matthias Miller  49:04
okay, accounting, accuracy,

Matthias Miller  49:11
more complex payments like payments covering multiple contracts. I'm not sure about the I

Matthias Miller  49:25
um, I don't know that this really matters payments for multiple contracts and accounting accuracy is one of them. Um,

Matthias Miller  49:42
can So literally, when you pay for five buildings, you're thinking, great, five different. No, it's not five. I mean, if we have one payment record per like, Why not just put it on an RG on the contract? If we do that,

Unknown Speaker  49:59
well, I. Had argued for that at one point,

Matthias Miller  50:02
and I persuaded you on the 23rd that you didn't, but we go back and revisit it that we shouldn't, but we go back and revisit

Speaker 1  50:13
it. I think a payment record is still the right thing to do. I have some concern. I feel concerned about this idea of particularly around the movement of contracts, because essentially, what will happen at some point is you're going to be researching something, you're going to end up on a payment record, and the potential exists that if there's three contracts paying into that payment record, two of them may be assigned to one person, and one of them may be assigned to another person. Does that make it confusing when you end up on a payment record trying to, you know, diagnose or understands something.

Matthias Miller  51:04
I think basically what we need this, I mean, I think fundamentally what we need to do is on the payment record. I think we can take this through on the payment record. I don't think we have to decide it now, but effectively we need to have the contact in here. The customer is basically just an easy way. Well, you can make this a multi select if you wanted to customers. I mean, it's just an easy way to filter out contracts. You can easily select the right contract. But if this would be a multi select, then you just, if you want to do a transfer, you select multiple and those contracts would show up you

Speaker 1  51:57
Okay, you're the genius here on the platform, so I'm I'm gonna go with whatever direction you say we should go here, it doesn't feel quite right to me. But like I said, you have way more experience in this than I

Matthias Miller  52:17
do being able to put a finger on what doesn't feel right.

Speaker 1  52:21
Here's what I'm here's what I'm afraid of is you're going to have someone in an RTO company one day doing deep dive research on something, end up on a payment record and be really confused why There's more than one person more, you know, like not understanding, like the branching of that, because I'm afraid it's a very linear thought process that most people are going to have to say, this person, this contract, this payment record,

Matthias Miller  52:45
okay, what If we would have this paying customer, current customer? Okay?

Matthias Miller  53:06
What if we did this on here, and then this list is, I'm

Speaker 1  53:31
I guess I should, I should probably say this is a very outlier situation that I'm accounting for, because the potential 99% of contracts and payment records are going to be just exactly that. They are going to be that none of this is ever going to happen, but there is this little 1% of times where it could be confusing. So again, I'm going to defer to what you say we should go with here.

Matthias Miller  54:02
Okay, so I think, I think we need to, I think the data model is correct that, and I am. I just think it's correct. I could be completely mistaken, but I think it's correct that we need a separate payment record. And I think it's generally correct to say that? Well, I'm not sure about the promise payment, because if we use a payment record, well then obviously, then we just use the payment record. But then the question really comes down to, okay, on a promise payment, do you come in and convert the promise payment to a real payment? I

Matthias Miller  54:49
which makes sense to me.

Speaker 1  54:51
I don't necessarily like that. I almost like a like you need to complete that promise in some way. I. Um, now, yes, I understand that. You know, converting it to a real payment is, is a completion process. Uh,

Matthias Miller  55:08
why don't we make the promise payment a note, a custom note type, okay? And so it would be, it could be, you could, you could do it from anywhere. I don't know if you should or not, but you could do it from anywhere. And, and the amount is just, you just take notes from the call. So you have a note type, you have it, and so you have a on both the contact and the contract. You have a new promise, which opens a new note of type, promise which will always require a follow up. And you just put the details in and it shows up in your tasks, and

Speaker 1  55:44
it could be assigned to someone or not be assigned to someone. And theoretically, if we wanted to do some fancy little reporting on on promising, on the contact record or something like that. We could basically, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not opposed to that. So basically, do away from this, the whole promised, Promise, Promise payments thing, do away with it, and turn it into as part of our notes thing. Yeah, I'm not opposed to that.

Matthias Miller  56:18
Okay, let's do this. Let's not, let's not bite it all off right now. But let's, let's, let's do this. To do, I don't know if it's me to do, add work through, whether this can be a special type of note of promise. Payment promised payment note, which would require follow up, we could potentially have a required resolution paid versus didn't pay, like paid on or linking to the payment type, if paid were flagging it as unpaid, or Having a resolution list paid part in time, paid, paid full in time, paid, wow, I just can't even paid part past due, paid full past due, unpaid. Okay, we can discuss it, but I think, I think that's actually I'm happier with that. And if we do that, you're happy with the contract

Speaker 1  57:49
thing. I think I'm happy enough to pass it off to these guys. There may be some more further revisions that we go around again on but we, we, I feel like we got over the we're done by the goal line for sure. Okay,

Speaker 2  58:03
all right, Hey, Seth, Hey Nick, hey guys like going.

Matthias Miller  58:07
It's cranking. Let's go. That's exciting. Let's go. We are, let's say both Dwayne and my brains are going to be we're fighting the old age brain aging problem, so putting our brain exercise in. Hey, okay, Dwayne, do you? Are you good pulling the trigger on the notes record,

Unknown Speaker  58:29
yes. Okay,

Matthias Miller  58:30
so

Speaker 1  58:33
I'm gonna, I'm gonna say this up front, in front of Seth and Nick, this is a really cool idea. This is, this is Matthias. Cook this up, and I, I love it so much. I talked to Leanne extensively about this. And this is, this is okay. It's probably not as good as integrated accounting, but it's getting darn near close. Because,

Matthias Miller  58:56
okay, so here's the basic idea. We instead of everywhere currently we have notes, memos like this. And instead, what we're going to do is we're going to have a note record and and so this will become a read only concatenation of all note records. The note record will have a type which is a list of database levels that support that support notes. It'll be a database level field. We have a linked record ID, which will be a list number lookups, and then we have a record description, which we'll just have to use macros or something to come up with generate friendly like, you know, contact, name, contract, I don't know what like we can

Speaker 2  59:34
help remember, does list number ever change if you rename a list item,

Matthias Miller  59:42
if you merge problems, if you merge, I

Speaker 2  59:47
wonder if it should actually just be the list item itself,

Matthias Miller  59:53
so we would have ID hidden number field for a. Field for custom dB, level, contact, yeah, yeah, thank you. And then we have a record macro. We have a view record link, which basically what I did in, I mean, I would do mirror the we have something like this in Insight,

Speaker 2  1:00:39
Oh, yeah. Transaction, you just yeah that it's on transactions,

Matthias Miller  1:00:48
the URL that is on the county transaction in CFP, ask Seth, if you're confused, ask Seth, if you're confused, I think what we do just do is, is ifs plus component web, URL, yeah, with a auto open.or 20 for each of them, originator would be read only link to the user profile store. User obviously stored as list item, displayed as display name, also user profile, validate against duplicate old names for active user profiles.

Speaker 1  1:01:36
So I have an opinion about this. I was thinking about this last night. Okay about this whole conversation about using user profiles versus contacts? Yeah, I wonder if we go to contacts instead of worrying about the user profiles. And then I also wonder if we shouldn't do contact groups so that you could literally, I guess you can one of two things we can have, because we want to do the the assignee as a drop list of multi select. We may not need groups, but it would be kind of cool to have a group that you could just hit a whole bunch of

Matthias Miller  1:02:10
people at one time. Here's an argument for for putting on the user profile. If you put it on the user profile, in order for somebody to use the notes feature, they have to create a user profile for that user, and they cannot use a shared login, and you will enforce billing. Now I'm not saying you have to, but

Unknown Speaker  1:02:32
maybe, maybe, except that I'm fine either way,

Matthias Miller  1:02:42
but we could say on the user group, we could have a field that says, user group, allow group assignments. Allow group note assignments. Well, that's weird.

Speaker 1  1:02:56
Now let's leave leave the group thing off for now we have multi select user profiles. If this was, I think what, what I was thinking about is, if this is going to be a problem, I know you were to talk to Ellis about this is using user profiles versus context. If it's a problem, to use user profiles, I'm fine. Going to using contacts. I

Matthias Miller  1:03:14
think, I think user profiles are going to be way simpler. And Ellis has is conflicted, and actually said, I think maybe in retrospect, we should have just used user profiles so so then we have a view record link. We have the originator which is linked to the user profile display stored as list item, displayed as display name. We have a memo for the note content, note which is just memo needs follow up, which is a checkbox you have an assignee, defaults to the originator, multi select, if any active users, user profiles stored as the list, name display as display names. Assignees really

Unknown Speaker  1:03:59
default blank.

Matthias Miller  1:04:00
Oh, default blank, yes, visible, visible and required. If needs follow up, do you want to require a due date?

Unknown Speaker  1:04:14
Yes, well, if you've selected needs follow

Matthias Miller  1:04:19
up, and then this is and then we have a hidden field that logs the user profile. We completed it in the date checkbox, and yes,

Speaker 1  1:04:42
so Seth, here's why this thing is super stinking cool one. You can be on a contact record, a contract record, a payment record, any one of these records, and you can make a note and assign it off to somebody to go follow up on something. And if we, if we tie in reporting for your notes into the dash. Yes, then you can always have yourself a list of things that were assigned to you. Secondarily, I want to be able to create a note record that's standalone, that's not tied to a record, which means that you can treat it like your own little project management

Matthias Miller  1:05:19
system. And I was actually arguing that we will tie it out to the user profile. Yeah, there you go. So so they but, I mean, we'll get to that in a minute. So the read only notes, so then on each of these records, then that can cats based on record record type plus record ID sorted in order of note ID,

Unknown Speaker  1:05:55
newest or oldest, first,

Matthias Miller  1:06:00
oldest, first, newest, first, Dwayne.

Speaker 2  1:06:06
I mean, we can flip that super easily if we decide we don't want it the way we start

Unknown Speaker  1:06:10
with newest first.

Matthias Miller  1:06:17
Oh, by the way, note, memo defaults to name plus date, like we do in incidents, etc. New note then is used in auto push. Well, actually, however you want to do this, I guess now that we need to store the whatever, this will get interesting, but have a new note that populates the type plus linked record.

Matthias Miller  1:06:52
This is cool. And then you have a report new note which ties it to the current users, user profile record. I think there's the could throw it on the user profile as well and just show them on there. But it doesn't really matter if you do. My notes would be all notes the follow up and then search notes would probably have like, a, you know, search, text, originator, assignee, and

Speaker 2  1:07:29
what sort of searching do you want on text? Is that just a just exact match in the memo?

Matthias Miller  1:07:36
I think so. For now, Dwayne, do you have a better idea? What's the question? What kind of searching Do you want?

Unknown Speaker  1:07:46
This would be the memo field.

Speaker 2  1:07:48
Exact Match is fast and easy. We could try to get fancier at some point, but I would go with that for now.

Speaker 1  1:07:57
Exact match is highly the potential exists that you don't find something you're saying, if you use an is found, then it's going to be fairly slow.

Speaker 2  1:08:13
No, and is found is an exact. Is what I mean by exact match. Like is that is your text in that exact format found somewhere in the memo? So, so if you search, for

Speaker 1  1:08:32
example, if I, if I went looking for a note that said something about jumping on the bed, and it was jumping on the beds, am I going to find it?

Speaker 2  1:08:43
Yes, you would. But if you search for jumping on the bed, and someone said jumping on the cot, then you would not find it. But I think that's fine. I think I think that's fine. Yeah, where it gets most annoying is with loyalization. That changes how it's spelled and then you don't match. But that's kind of a problem with how we search in all of our systems. So

Matthias Miller  1:09:12
So then and then you have the assignee. Do you want to be able to search for multiple originators or assignees. Yes,

Speaker 2  1:09:29
okay, is that a match? All match any.

Speaker 1  1:09:37
How do I feel about everybody being able to go search everybody else's notes. Do I care? Do I care?

Speaker 1  1:09:57
And let's make, let's, let's do, let's make it. Wide open for now, if you, if you want to send private messages, there's other ways to do it.

Matthias Miller  1:10:09
Don't we want a created originator? Don't we want create a date? I was just looking for that. So then here we would have an originator, or created by,

Unknown Speaker  1:10:23
yes, yes, yes, yes.

Matthias Miller  1:10:27
Created by, created on,

Speaker 1  1:10:33
and from a from a visibility standpoint, that can be concatenated like you see on other things, where it's like, you know, kind of like he has, you know, created 717, by, you know, PM, but by Dwayne burkhorter. Now, as long as, as long as, yeah, we're going to build reporting on, on splitting those fields apart to find that information. Yeah, good. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:11:10
Okay, so then excuse all the bolt

Unknown Speaker  1:11:16
Nick will probably obsessively fix that at some point.

Matthias Miller  1:11:19
Wonderful. Full, uh, needs follow up correct

Speaker 1  1:11:26
on this Matthias, but the potential exists in the future, then we could build reporting based off of check boxes and say things are done or not done. Basically, you

Matthias Miller  1:11:38
could say this person is notoriously, How late are they on average? What's their what's their percentage complete and Time rate, what's the percentage overdue rate, and what's their average, average time before after due date?

Speaker 1  1:11:49
Yeah, but I'm thinking more like so you create a checklist with check boxes in it, and you could, you could do you could build little fancy,

Matthias Miller  1:11:58
but you could say you can mark it as completed until you check all the boxes. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:12:02
that's that'd be kind of cool. That's for the future, but that's

Matthias Miller  1:12:09
okay. So notes, record is good to go. Make sense?

Speaker 1  1:12:13
I love this thing, this, this thing is going to expand into, well, it already is a little project management tool and

Speaker 2  1:12:22
complete a date in the report rather than just completed or, yeah, oops, yes,

Unknown Speaker  1:12:28
completed checkbox logs it, yeah, there you go. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:12:33
Buying on, yeah. I like that thing's

Speaker 1  1:12:41
gonna get one day Seth is that we're gonna have reoccurring function to it, but at this point we're not going

Speaker 2  1:12:46
to Nice. So like, check that this notorious customer actually gives their payment on the third of the month. Yeah. Or, dude, now

Unknown Speaker  1:12:55
you said that. Now I wanted,

Matthias Miller  1:13:00
oh, so would you do this with a what we what we do elsewhere is with a recurring note template.

Speaker 1  1:13:15
But, but then we have to talk about where the recurrent, reoccurring note template lives, and how you create them. Now, let's, let's not get let's just, let's move forward with this. At some point, this is going to get an upgrade, I promise you, because reoccurring is going to be one of these things that we're going to want to do at some point. How we want to do it. Yet, I think it's we're going to spend a lot of time answering about this thing, if we aren't careful, and it's good enough for right now, there's

Unknown Speaker  1:13:44
like, a note somewhere that you want to add. Yeah, I'm aware, but just

Speaker 1  1:13:50
somewhere, yeah, somewhere we need to talk about adding. I think,

Matthias Miller  1:14:02
I think generally the template is, well, actually, I don't know, you might have a type too. Anyway, we'll get to that. Nobody does not need to be okay. Contract definition, all right, we made massive changes to this big thing you need to know is that we are now not only this is not only RTO software, it's also RTR software. What is RTR? It is like, rent to rent to rent. So in other words, it's like,

Speaker 1  1:14:27
I'll apologize up front. Seth, we did kind of hack it up to pieces.

Speaker 2  1:14:31
You can apologize to Nick more than me, because he'll have to swallow more of the work. Probably

Matthias Miller  1:14:36
okay. Do you want most of these applied over to Nick instead of you?

Speaker 2  1:14:41
For I probably, or we might look at it together, I don't know. Well, if we look at it now, we can figure out and we can deal with it. Don't worry about changing it yourself.

Matthias Miller  1:14:49
Okay? I won't, I won't do it. Okay? So contract definition, we do have a definition name. Well, actually no Seth. This is going to be unique based on. RTO company plus state plus rental type, which is RTO versus RTR. Like you can't have more than one, so we could go ahead.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:11
So how does like CRA and stuff work?

Matthias Miller  1:15:14
Well, we're getting arrays defined on here. We'll get to that. But basically what I'm thinking is we could just make this be a custom database level, and then you have a macro that says, basically, look up this field based on and then it just does an index Fine, and you have a validation that you can't create duplicates. Okay, sounds good. So update the label. I can't help but obsess it should say error message for each of these, minimum down payment just gets moved around, sorry, minimum down payment, yeah, just gets this is new. I should be on the contract definition

Matthias Miller  1:15:58
this, this is indeed new. Give a minimum down payment type, which is a percentage of cash price, including tax and a number of payments. And then you have the down payment percentage, if it's a percentage, two decimals, percentage, and this is a number, two decimals, visible by type, make sense. Then late fees. You just move around, adding a new non sufficient funds. Check fee, number two decimals, and then we have the RTR financials. The RTR has its own note named this as an RTR field,

Speaker 2  1:16:47
what's, what is the use case for RTR? Like, just an example or two that help.

Matthias Miller  1:16:54
I fixed

Speaker 1  1:16:55
storage units. Okay, so, like, you know, you have, you put in a whole big fixed storage unit, and you're, you own both a rent to own company and a fixed storage unit, and you want to be able to handle both of these inside the same software. Sure, it's just, it's just, it's just you're renting into infinity. You're never you're never buying.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:14
Yeah, makes sense.

Matthias Miller  1:17:17
Okay, term length is basically, this is good. We shouldn't add terms very often. And so if you had to jump out to create a new term, whatever like so rare, these should be two decimals. Good.

Speaker 2  1:17:38
I wonder, do we want to add a link at all on this record. So if they need to add a term, there's, could actually be nice. I'm going to guess the user is not going to know. Oh, I go here. I don't have this option. I go here to add it. So just add a

Matthias Miller  1:17:56
that's a brilliant idea. I like it.

Speaker 1  1:17:57
That is the kind of thing I wish we would done more and assist.

Matthias Miller  1:18:04
Okay, so number, decimals, payoff, percentage, also changing decimals. Divisor, also decimals. Okay, requires balloon payment is also new one, and basically it's just what percentage of which price

Speaker 2  1:18:32
and product and contract price may vary that we're saying correct. They both vary. I thought, Okay, we have a warning on the product that it matches the contract price, I think, with spec. So what's the difference between the product price and the contract price?

Unknown Speaker  1:18:53
Contract price would be monthly payment times, term

Unknown Speaker  1:18:56
length. Uh huh. Plus any down payment.

Speaker 1  1:19:00
No contract price is strictly Okay, month, monthly payment times monthly payment plus plus sales tax times term length.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:16
Gotcha, okay,

Speaker 1  1:19:21
contract balance would be contract price or contract, yeah, price of contract, minus any payments made. Never, any, never including

Unknown Speaker  1:19:30
any monthly payment, not down payment or, that's right,

Speaker 1  1:19:33
well, any monthly payment, including down payment, so, okay, let's make a distinction. Okay, a distinction is a down payment can be two parts. It can be the first month of rent and a security deposit. Security Deposit would never be included in the amounts paid, because that is, that is kept as a separate thing until end of contract.

Speaker 2  1:20:01
Dollars. So security deposits, not in contract price, and we don't factor it into balance. That's right. Other than that, any payment comes out of the like the balance drops, yeah, okay, that makes sense. No

Speaker 1  1:20:19
deposit and CRA are treated somewhat the same way from a visibility standpoint. So both contract and the CRA down payment, those are always held separately from any balances of the contract itself, because those are those are amounts that one either are used at the point of payoff, or in the case of a security deposit only, they can be used to either pay a monthly rent or fix damage to the building. Or a security deposit can a CRA balance. And this is one of those things that Matthias, you and I are gonna have to talk about at some point, is, when a customer defaults in a CRA contract, the conversion up to to a standard contract. We'll have to talk about that at some point, but it's outside the scope of this call, okay, the short answer on that is that the CRA gets converted back into essentially a deposit, and the account is brought current. Maybe the dollar values go back up. It goes back to a standard contract.

Matthias Miller  1:21:32
Sure. Okay, so let's do this. This should technically be down here, so we have the balloon payment minimum price, percent product price, percent of contract price, and then the actual percentage value required if checkbox is checked. And

Speaker 2  1:21:55
circling back a little bit validation that product price matches contract price is not correct.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:01
That's correct. That you're right. It's not

Matthias Miller  1:22:06
correct.

Speaker 1  1:22:08
To be critical on this set is that product price, it depends on the state, whether they take the product price times a percentage in order to create the balloon payment, or whether they take the contract price by percentage to do the balloon payment. And then I am assuming Matthias, we have somewhere about this whole thing about rounding up the payments and turning that

Matthias Miller  1:22:32
into that's over on the contract side. Okay, so this is then RTO financials. Then we have the RTO contract types. So this, this section here, basically turns into an RG, and we ship to I see contract types, one for standard, one for CRA. You can add your own, and this is probably the easiest way to see it, and then you have a CRA checkbox, read only for standard and CRA. Thank you very much. But if you add your own item, you specify what it is, and then these are all editable. Do you allow zero down? Do you disallow increased security deposit? What's the dwf price? If you allow it dwf, if it's blank, then you don't. And what's the number days? Same as cash if you offer that in blank, if you don't. And then this RG gets auto populated with standard and CRA right out of with it, with it on an end, on the detail screen

Speaker 2  1:23:22
with or field what, and then dwf, number day, same as cash, those fields are blank,

Matthias Miller  1:23:29
yeah, blank by default. Everything's na, na by default,

Speaker 2  1:23:32
except for CRA checkbox and which is checked for CRA and then disallow increased security deposits, just not editable and unchecked for Yeah. Unchecked before you can never have a security deposit does not apply to CRA. It's so does not exist. So anytime the CRA checkbox is checked, then this needs to be unchecked. Yep, that's

Matthias Miller  1:23:58
good clarification. Okay, so then I think this stuff, okay, this was replaced. I'm just going to throw this down in the history, because I'm obsessive about this stuff. And you can delete it if you want to. Then we have the content template, which is the same, and then the notes section, oh, no, I don't even know that this needs to be. You can move that out. I think we actually have it else. I think, I think all this stuff we Dwayne and I added over there. I think we can just mix it, yeah. I think this is the So, this is done, Sean,

Matthias Miller  1:24:36
Scott. Sean doesn't really need to do anything. I mean, I guess he has a question so I can answer it, but,

Speaker 2  1:24:46
okay, um, I'm guessing he was running into questions, because he's been going through the spec, trying to fill out details, sure, like just getting it to the point where we can read through the spec in it,

Matthias Miller  1:24:58
the basic details are there. Yeah. So theoretically, this is enough for you guys to run on, cross your fingers, run on, revamping the contract definition. Then we get to the contract. We did not answer this. We'll get to that. It's not critical for the current phase contract. Let's go back over to the contract. So we're going to add the contract label. We're going to have two dates, the entry date, which is read only,

Speaker 2  1:25:23
and what's the, what's the contract ID?

Matthias Miller  1:25:27
It's the, it's like a manufacturer, just a whoever generated the contract there whatever ID they assign. It could be an auto number. It

Unknown Speaker  1:25:37
could be, oh, that way, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:25:40
it is. It is generally an ID on the paper contract in the top right hand corner, we need to store it as part of the identification to the paper document.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:49
So it's just a string field.

Speaker 1  1:25:51
You probably should make some of the some of the statuses, right? Because we did change up some of the statuses,

Matthias Miller  1:25:57
that's good. Status is going to be editable now, and the list changed. State is added, rental contract type is added.

Speaker 2  1:26:14
The state is for all my RTO contract, for all my contract definitions for this RTO company, what states do we have?

Matthias Miller  1:26:25
Or this RTO company intake, what states do we have? Because you could have different RTRs for regular versus, okay, so we're adding a salesperson. So I'm leaving it to you guys to spec out contact texture. Sales Person and dealer. I'm seeing the sales person would have a multi select List of dealers tied out to Rg, yeah, and then a virtual RG on the dealer with a list of salespeople that you know, going backwards the other way. And then, okay, spec out on contract entry, so Okay. And then, uh, hold on

Speaker 1  1:27:09
one second. Um, do we have, do we have an RTO company field on, on the contact record? Sorry, do we have a Do we have a manufacturer field on the contact record?

Speaker 2  1:27:25
We have a manufacturer contact type, but we don't have a we're not linking.

Speaker 1  1:27:33
It would probably be good to have on the dealer contact type and the sales con, sales record, a sales representative contact type to be able to assign what manufacturer they're with.

Matthias Miller  1:27:49
So if somebody is a dealer, so somebody could be a dealer, could be independent sales, one manufacturer,

Speaker 1  1:27:55
it could be for multiple manufacturers, multiple dealerships,

Matthias Miller  1:28:02
dealers. Be tied out to multiple Yes,

Speaker 1  1:28:05
dealers are dealers can be tied out to multiple manufacturers as well.

Speaker 2  1:28:10
Okay, and a salesperson could be tied to a manufacturer or a dealer, or are they tied to a dealer who's tied to a manufacturer?

Matthias Miller  1:28:21
Pixel straight for the manufacturer? Well, it's very unlikely somebody will be selling for manufacturer, and then also dealers.

Unknown Speaker  1:28:31
You make a fair point.

Unknown Speaker  1:28:34
So is it either dealers

Speaker 1  1:28:35
should have manufacturers and sales reps are tied to dealers. So yeah, that, yeah, we do not need manufacturer on the sales rep contact record.

Matthias Miller  1:28:46
So if a manufacturer has internal sales people, you create a dealer record for the manufacturer.

Unknown Speaker  1:28:51
Yes,

Speaker 2  1:28:53
and do we need to when we feel the dealer, the salesperson tied to, if the dealer has multiple manufacturers. Do we need to buy that out at all or not? No, implicitly, sales for any of them, right? Yeah. Like, the way it works

Matthias Miller  1:29:11
is that, I mean, there's multiple models, but you might have a manufacturer where, literally, you have the people sitting in the shop selling for that company. So you have the manufacturer is the dealer. The sales people pay for that. Then you have these dealer lots where, right, you sell for just one dealer, like, I'm independent, not tied to them, but only sell for one company. Then you have the people who sell, well, I like this type of chicken coop, I like this type of doghouse, and I like this type of barn and this type of shed and and I also sell tools.

Speaker 1  1:29:39
Hey, I need to. I I completely forgot I got to pick up my daughter. I'm 30 minutes late already. I'm an idiot. I gotta run.

Matthias Miller  1:29:46
Okay, I'll walk through it. Thank you. Thanks, man. And so that's the that's, that's where dealers can be for multiple salespeople. Then you could theoretically have, I think we said sales people can sell for multiple dealers. Dollars. I mean, right?

Speaker 2  1:30:04
It doesn't really matter what manufacturer salesperson, they can sell for many different manufacturers, potentially.

Matthias Miller  1:30:12
It really does. Dealers, yeah, okay, via dealers, yeah. I mean, it's, it's because the dealers are so okay on an internal salesperson, typically, like, you're going to have a fairly tight control over what they sell. But because dealers are independent, it's kind of Yeah, they sell whatever the jolly well, please. Yeah. They think of themselves as a business owner, but they're really like fractional sales people from multiple companies, but don't tell them that. Okay.

Speaker 2  1:30:41
Look. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:30:45
this one the section I misnamed, it should be customer. We are simplifying customers. Yay. This is awesome. So we're going to have two fields, primary customer and a secondary customer, and you can edit them before the contract on or before the contract on or before the contract start date. Nothing happens after the contract start date, a transfer checkbox appears, and if you want to edit these, you have to check the box. Okay, when you check the box, it takes the primary and secondary customer, throws it into history with row and then, and then lets you edit these guys gotcha

Speaker 2  1:31:30
and transfer checkbox. Presumably, is that a detail variable and it blinks out on No, a detail variable doesn't blank out on safe. How would you? How do you probably, probably

Matthias Miller  1:31:46
a field with a field change on save to

Unknown Speaker  1:31:52
clear it? Yeah, that's fair. I don't know

Matthias Miller  1:31:56
what happens when you I don't know that you can uncheck it becomes, after contracts, and if unchecked, I think we just say, if you check the box, you have to refresh Sure, theoretically, you just transfer it straight back to the same customer if you don't know what you're doing, but whatever makes sense, yeah, sure. And then we're getting rid of

Speaker 2  1:32:23
gold. This isn't a big deal, but if you hit the transfer checkbox and then save without changing the context, do we just leave the history? RG, as is, well,

Matthias Miller  1:32:33
we blink it. I guess you could. You could populate the history. RG, if either change that would be, actually, that would be better, like,

Speaker 2  1:32:48
if you hit transfer, we could just leave the customers as they are, yes on save. We do the magic

Matthias Miller  1:32:58
on save if the transfer is that gonna check back,

Speaker 2  1:33:05
like they hit, they change the or we add a note saying history will be updated on safe. Like I'm just picturing this clueless RTO salesperson who it's transfer changes and hasn't saved it's like they're not into history. RG, maybe not.

Matthias Miller  1:33:32
You could well the history. History isn't normally the first time it's not going to show up until you save. History will be blank. If there is no history, or will be hidden if there is no history, I don't know. I'm not super worried if the primary or secondary customer changes. Save the old values in the RG. I

Matthias Miller  1:34:04
in a new row in the RG,

Matthias Miller  1:34:12
also clear the checkbox. Just use the field. We're also going to show primary tags. We're gonna enable contact tags and show them on here. That is the one thing we're showing on here. But the contact information, customer, the customer record, is actually going to be probably the primary kind of dashboard for people. Is what we're thinking at this point.

Unknown Speaker  1:34:39
Makes sense? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:34:43
Product record. We are moving the cost of the building over to the product record. And so this is all it's showing. Contract details we have this needs to be specked out. I'm. But for RTO, we have term length, term length and payment term should be on the main screen, and then we'll have an additional details buttons that shows all the frozen calculations, because most people just don't care. Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:35:17
Okay, so you said we're showing term length.

Unknown Speaker  1:35:26
Wait, you can have weekly payments. Interesting.

Matthias Miller  1:35:30
And I think we also need to see,

Unknown Speaker  1:35:32
where do we want to put the payment amount on the main screen, somewhere

Matthias Miller  1:35:38
is that it's going to be down the fees, or somewhere it's down here, spec, RTR, to do add spec on a 36 months. I wonder if the terms have to be, how do you do weeks? How do you translate to do dB, how do we convert number of did you guys ask this?

Unknown Speaker  1:36:08
No, I didn't know anything about weeks.

Speaker 2  1:36:19
What is the number of weeks for is that you can have weekly payments.

Matthias Miller  1:36:30
How do calculations work for the payments?

Unknown Speaker  1:36:34
That's kind of a big deal.

Matthias Miller  1:36:36
Little bit okay. So then we freeze the cash price. We freeze the CRA checkbox and the CRA doll, the dollars from when we set the contract which is visible, if CRA, security deposit visible, if not CRA, we save the dwf dollars, if there is one, save number days, same as cash. If there is one, auto calculate the same as cash expiration date, which is already calculated from the cost. Calculated from the contract start date plus number

Unknown Speaker  1:37:05
of days. Are any of these? All are editable?

Matthias Miller  1:37:11
No, all are read only.

Unknown Speaker  1:37:17
It says, Yeah, I see that. And

Matthias Miller  1:37:18
then here's the balloon payment calculation. And I think, and actually, we need to baboon

Matthias Miller  1:37:38
saloon, then we show the contract total payment amount, remaining months, early payoff amount, and then rental fees would be in another

Unknown Speaker  1:37:52
section about early payoffs

Matthias Miller  1:37:55
anywhere. I think it's just balance times two. This is contract total minus total payments times payoff percentage. Okay, I think that's what it is. Do we feel payoff? Oh, yeah, I see, yep, it's, uh, it's a macro that's calculated off of the other percentage,

Speaker 2  1:38:24
cash price percentage. So then we

Matthias Miller  1:38:34
have contract resolution, which is a list this one. I mean, we need to update the list, because we changed that. Obviously the IE is we need to specify, I mean return versus you don't have to put this in. But

Speaker 2  1:38:51
so people will know that return is voluntary and retrieval is not right. Exactly

Matthias Miller  1:38:59
the buyback. Buyback you can it's almost certainly disappear. Make the list red. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:39:21
Payment, payment section. Hold off on this one

Matthias Miller  1:39:34
retrievals. Hold off on that new payment hold off on that payment history report. Hold off on that promise payments. I mean, we don't have to remove it yet, but that's probably going to change. We're thinking about using notes for promise payments with a special note type of promise payment. Okay? And that makes sense, gives us follow up date and stuff. Yeah, yeah. We want to ship reference types, landlord and reference, just so they have something to go off of. Add Email on the attachments. I need to spec out. This is going to be an s3 things. I need to spec it out a little bit more that needs to be specked out so it's not 100% but it's an excellent it's a lot to do that'll keep us busy, and then for a bit, I think that's probably payment record needs to wait contacts. There might be some enable contact tags.

Matthias Miller  1:40:55
That's the main thing that would make make Dwayne happy, if he could play around with contact tags. I

Matthias Miller  1:41:07
I think that's I think There you go,

Speaker 2  1:41:10
yeah. I mean, between notes and contract def and contracts, we have plenty to do.

Matthias Miller  1:41:15
Good. It feels like we're getting some solid foundation that's not shifting. Very, very happy, good. So do you want us to completely flesh out? Let's see what do we have left to IDD, we don't have anything. Okay, Dwayne's got a bunch of stuff to chase on this and on the contract record. We do have a good bit of more in depth design to do a lot actually,

Speaker 2  1:41:48
yeah, I'm pretty happy for us to hammer notes and contract definition and start changing what we can on contract. But there's definitely stuff we can do yet. Yep, and then as soon as you got the visuals down, you could shoot it over to Dwayne, and that'd be the other thing you guys can work through. And, yeah, get that. I just, I just know, I knew stuff was changing off, on us, that we weren't really, actually ready for visuals.

Matthias Miller  1:42:09
Yeah, that's fair. So that's fair.

Unknown Speaker  1:42:12
That's why it happened. Yeah, I like it

Matthias Miller  1:42:15
makes sense. Good. Well, I will be, I'll be around.

Speaker 2  1:42:20
Awesome. Thank you very much. It's fantastic. It's fun. You're

Matthias Miller  1:42:25
welcome. Okay, good, yeah, yep. Appreciate it. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai