Matthias Miller  00:33
Hey guys Kristen how's it gone good how you doing good

Matthias Miller  01:53
All right Mark is it you jumping on it is Good afternoon? gave how to how to

Matthias Miller  03:53
while still waiting for Janet to show up

Unknown Speaker  07:18
is a fantastic weather that we're having 72 and sunny

Matthias Miller  07:26
I don't know if it's quite 72 but it's getting pretty close. It was 24 When I left the house this morning, but it's definitely warming up I should see what it is now.

Speaker 1  07:38
I found this weird like warm bursts just come through the past couple days Wow fans in the Windows again it's like summer

Matthias Miller  07:52
fun thing about Colorado. Ed.

Unknown Speaker  07:56
Oh, you're a cheater Yeah, Carolina it's always warm there

Unknown Speaker  08:05
that's not always good.

Unknown Speaker  08:08
No, yes in the summer is probably not fun at all probably can imagine.

Matthias Miller  08:17
One thing about Colorado is you never know whether you might get snow in May. Or Thanksgiving you'll be outside playing in the yard. 70 some degree weather. Hey, Janet.

Speaker 2  08:31
Hello, everyone. My apologies for being late. My last phone call ran a couple minutes over. Rather problem. Can you hear me okay?

Matthias Miller  08:40
Yep, can hear you fine. Okay. So just by way of introduction, we've got Mark, and Gabe and Kristen on the call. And I guess probably what might be most expedient is if you all want to give a little bit of an intro in your role in the project. And then I believe what we're looking to explore here is taking a look at what it might look like to have. Have you help out with bookkeeping, kind of exploratory conversation about that, Janet. Okay. Does that sound like a good way to kick this off?

Speaker 2  09:30
Sounds great. I can go ahead and start with the intros. My name is Janet Duncan. I am the owner of Dunkin accounting and tax soon to be Muller dot connect, in which case I'll have the role of a director. I'm an enrolled agent. I have been doing bookkeeping and taxes for 15 plus years. And I have a pretty substantial team to help with all of the accounting and bookkeeping needs, so that we can help support all of you know all of our clients to include you guys, and to make the end result successful. So that's what I have.

Matthias Miller  10:24
Yep, sounds good. Neighbor, Mark hop in.

Speaker 3  10:32
Um, so in building sheds for, I don't know, long time, 20 years maybe. And I've been doing QuickBooks and I have had a decent amount of involvement in the bookkeeping and the accounting side of things over the years, even though things have been doing have have been being done about half as clean, organized, thorough and neat as I wish it would. So we're in the middle of obviously, instead of using QuickBooks as a standalone bookkeeping program, and then having a cyst over there, trying to input some data, whatever, whatever, whatever. I'm sure you're aware, Matthias probably has told you that we are trying to build all this under one hood, which is fun, it's a lot of work. So the big thing we haven't entirely figured out yet is how much work is it going to be? To do the bookkeeping, within this? Within the assist? We Yeah, so it's kind of interesting. Matthias said the other day, oh, my CPA, which I guess if I'm understanding correctly, you're an enrolled agent, not a CPA Re.

Speaker 2  12:07
All right, correct. So I could sit for the CPA, I have all the educational qualifications. I just don't, to be perfectly honest, have the time. When I originally tried to sit for the exam, my kids were pretty little. And I'll be perfectly honest, I chose being a mom over the CPA exam. And I didn't look back.

Speaker 3  12:33
i It's not I mean, I don't know that it's that critical. The lady's doing are filing our taxes. He's an enrolled agent has worked well for 20 years. Um, where we're going with this. Oh, I have a couple questions that maybe that comes later. I think that's about all I have for introductions. You there, Mark.

Speaker 4  13:04
Yeah. So mark here, I came on board with the organization in 2016. And work in the assist office here in central Ohio, where we we have three separate entities that three standalone companies that you factor and so shed, and what most of my work is on developing and maintaining shared resources that can be used for all three companies. So I get involved with software development interacts and works with manufacturing companies. And yeah, that that's that's where I'm getting involved with be what Gabe explained, looking to transition our accounting from QuickBooks into a all in one within this that Matthias is working on the design right now.

Unknown Speaker  14:30
That's nice to meet both of you.

Matthias Miller  14:36
And then we've also got Kristen on the call Kristen, if you want to. Also Introduce yourself as well it'd be helpful.

Speaker 1  14:43
Hi, I'm Kristin. I've been working with Gabrielle since I think 2014 Which is a long time ago. I generally just jump in on bigger projects. I handle the bookkeeping for rollforming, which is in a separate system. So I was kind of here to compare notes between what we're looking to do and what I think is handy in the systems that I use currently.

Matthias Miller  15:26
Cool, sounds good. Well, I'm assuming. I'm not sure where the where the best places to start this game. I know you've got questions, Janet, I'm sure you've got questions as well. I'm mostly here, as you know, mostly here to get the get the conversation started. I really don't care. Who takes this conversation from here? I think it'd be. Yeah, I'm open to whoever wants to take it from here.

Speaker 2  15:58
Well, I can go, okay. Yeah. I was gonna say, I believe Gabe had a couple of questions. So I guess we could maybe start there as well.

Speaker 3  16:10
Yeah, I didn't think these through so they're a little open ended maybe. So. I think I missed a few things in your introduction, maybe. So. You are an enrolled agent? And then you I'm not quite clear. You merge with some bookkeeping company? Are you have you had some staff? Is that correct?

Speaker 2  16:35
I currently have a staff of four. I have a full time bookkeeper, full time tax preparer, receptionist and an office manager. I don't know if Matthias told you. But we're in the middle of an acquisition. I'm being acquired by an international firm right now. And so come January 1, actually, even right now, I have a team of 30 behind me to help support and grow the Colorado offices. I am not going anywhere. I've been heavily incentivized to continue my work. It's just a matter of opening up more resources. Because I don't know if you've experienced this in Ohio. But here in Colorado, hiring anybody in the accounting field is incredibly difficult. And the pool when I do get an applicant is bleak.

Speaker 3  17:35
Huh, well, I think we can understand that. So these these, you're being acquired by some company, there's 30 people, and these are offshore like Philippines in the our

Speaker 2  17:55
I have resources in Chicago, Texas, and then some resources in India.

Speaker 3  18:02
And how would this this project we've got in front of us here look like let me explain for one minute. Hypothetically, let's imagine that we're done. And that was kind of silly, we're never going to be done. We are ready to start. And we've got three companies he's got our financials are within this within assist. If you're if you know what we mean when we say assist, that's the name of the program. And so each company probably I'm gonna go really round here has maybe

Unknown Speaker  18:42
maybe

Speaker 3  18:45
three, maybe 400. Transactions like expenses per month, and maybe about that many, maybe about half that many income entries per month. I'm not quite sure where I'm going with this. How would you anticipate you would anticipate yourself like what would be your role and how many people are you anticipating you may need to do the bookkeeping.

Speaker 2  19:24
That makes it Oh. So all of the front end, front end back end, customer and client deliverables, review of financials, transactions, things like that are going to happen with my America based team. Primarily, you'll more than likely be meeting with my bookkeeper Michelle, for some of the transaction clarifications, if needed. And for those types of meetings as far as reviewing financials, and meeting with the leadership team that would happen entirely with myself or Mike co-director. Her name is Joe Walton, she's based out of Chicago. At no point would there be a reason for you to speak with our India team, they would communicate with us. First, we would either provide direction or one of the US based team would come to you and speak to you. So they might be doing some of the heavy lifting on the back end. But as far as communication, deliverables, that all comes from the US Space team.

Speaker 3  20:34
Understand, so maybe maybe we should back up just a teeny little bit. What is there? Let's talk about levels of service. Is there more than one? I'm assuming you offer full level bookkeeping, accounting, tax filing the whole shebang? Right?

Speaker 2  20:54
Correct. So we're as hands on, or as hands off as you need, it sounds like you already have a tax accountant. So we wouldn't look, you know, unless you were looking to change, we wouldn't, you know, try to solicit that particular engagement. But we would want to have a good working relationship with her so that when we provide those financials, at year end, her life is easy.

Speaker 3  21:18
So give me maybe three, three levels, like as hands on, or as hands off, give us the most extreme hands on The Most Extreme hands off, and then kind of the middle of the road that you may typically do.

Speaker 2  21:34
So on an extreme hands on, we are doing cashflow positioning on a weekly basis, we handle the AR we handle the AP the payroll, all of the data entry account reconciliations plus monthly financials to the executive team, in which case we meet with them on a monthly basis and present the information we go over strategizing tax, tax credit tax planning management. And then they're on a fiscal year end because it's a manufacturing client. So right now, for example, on that particular client, we are working to wrap up your end financials so that we can move them into tax prep. And then. And then, like, hands off, client manages their data entry and account reconciliations. They come in for a quarterly financial review, and we coach them on you need to clean this up. You need to consider this. And then we send them on their way.

Unknown Speaker  22:49
What would be typical? Yeah, go ahead. There you go.

Speaker 2  22:53
Um, middle of the road is your most typical, because obviously, the more hands on I am, the more expensive the package is. So middle of the road. Oftentimes they have an onsite bookkeeper who handles the day to day data entry. she submits the books to us. We go through we make changes, we update tax plans, we prepare the financials and then meet with management.

Speaker 3  23:24
You mentioned cash flow, what is your How do you typically? What does that consist of?

Speaker 2  23:33
So for example, the client statement. Yeah, we're preparing the cash flow statement. But we're also considering like today, I met with a client earlier who needs to buy a service truck and he's looking at about a $25,000 budget based on the what he thinks projected income coming in for the rest of the year. But whether or not we can take advantage of bonus depreciation, whether or not how things are looking for this year, can he afford to buy this truck?

Speaker 2  24:09
So, yeah, so he and I met and discuss that. He's got to provide me with a few more. I had a couple of questions for him when we were reviewing financials and cash flow management. So he's got to get me a couple other points of data and then I'll be able to update my overall plan. And we will discuss whether or not he's going to move forward with the purchasing the truck. And it's a meeting that I often have that especially this late in the year because a lot of small businesses are trying to do a spend down in order to maximize the available tax credits and lower their overall tax liability.

Unknown Speaker  24:57
Everybody likes that lower tax spills? Yes, how many clients do?

Speaker 2  25:05
Go ahead? Um, but unfortunately, you know, we don't want to maximize so many credits and do such a big spend down that I don't leave any money for the tax liability. So it's that delicate balancing act that we have to play.

Speaker 3  25:21
Understand it took me a long time to figure that out that the cost for getting your tax liability to zero is all your income. How many clients do you have? You have five clients 10 clients 100 1000.

Speaker 2  25:37
So we have 50, monthly bookkeeping, or we have 50 bookkeeping clients that are either engaged with us on a monthly or quarterly basis, we probably have another 25 that we do kind of the hands off. Review bookkeeping style, so I'll be meeting with them. And then my practice for tax prep. We have over 500 clients.

Unknown Speaker  26:08
In the last part, you said your tax Oh,

Speaker 2  26:13
for our annual tax preparation services, we have just over 500 clients.

Speaker 3  26:20
And this is all just within your company not necessarily including the company. That's to be Yeah,

Speaker 2  26:29
correct. So yeah, so I'm sure that that number will increase significantly. Once we merge, and I don't quite know what their their projected client base, I know what their gross revenue is, because I you know, I had to do my due diligence, make sure they could afford me. And, but my practice here in Colorado Springs is that sighs

Speaker 3  26:59
understand, so how does just to give us a little bit bit of an idea. As far as cost goes, if, if let's take, I'm just gonna give you a brief description of mental structures, for example. So we have this shed company. Oh, boy, what would you need to know to kind of get a feel for the size or the scale of the company. And then I'd like to see if we could have just a really rough estimate of what you think bookkeeping costs would be. Like, crazy hands on way hands off, or halfway in between.

Speaker 2  27:51
Like raising hands on. Crazy hands on, you're probably looking at anywhere from 2500 to 5000 a month. And that's crazy hands on, like you, you have me on speed dial because you know, and especially those first few months, because with all the back and forth, the getting to know each other, getting to know the workflows, you know, my phone number by heart, and you and I are probably talking to three times a day during the transition process and maybe once a day, once we move out of transition, and then up to one time a week. So you're looking at anywhere from 2500 to 5000. Um, if, like I met with you quarterly and Kristen continued to handle the bulk of the transactions, things like that, you're probably looking at anywhere from 1500 to 2500 a month. No, I'm sorry, because that's on the very hands off approach. So anywhere from 750 to 1500. And then in between would be anywhere from 1500 upwards to you know 2500 It just really comes down to what you know what it what you need, and how often you're going to need it.

Speaker 3  29:23
So in our scenario we we have three companies even though they're in the same program under the same hood, we'd probably be tripling all those numbers. Yes. Understand how what size clients you typically focus on like most of these clients you were talking about earlier, or the $500,000 companies or the millions, or I have billions

Speaker 2  29:58
now When I get that I'm buying a Mercedes, where typically my average client average is anywhere from 500,000 in gross sales, upwards to five to 10 million.

Speaker 3  30:18
In probably every every industry we can think of, there's not as many manufacturing,

Speaker 2  30:30
I have manufacturing, I have real estate development, I have real estate construction rehabilitation, I have a handful of hair salons. I have mobile diesel mechanics, I have a truck driving company, it just really there are some industries I don't touch. Just because it's too hands on. So I don't tend to work very often with like, healthcare, because there are a lot of nuances there. And it's just, it's not my niche. But manufacturing, logistics, things like that. We are comfortable working with

Speaker 3  31:18
understand what what typically do you see as the biggest

Unknown Speaker  31:23
hurdle to,

Speaker 3  31:26
like, relationship between you and a company like us? What is typically the biggest problem to be overcome?

Speaker 2  31:35
Um, are you in a transition to transition can be difficult. And working with an outside accounting firm can also be difficult, because unfortunately, oftentimes companies like yours, they have somebody in place, and they don't tend to want to give that up. So we find that if we establish that very strong rapport with the internal accounting, or bookkeepers that can that goes a long way to help. Initially, daily meetings for check ins really helped to smooth over the transition, so that we can address any rising concerns. The other thing that I see difficult with most companies is a lot of people. One thing that I tend to tell folks is you're very good at doing what you do. So in your case, you guys are probably very good at building sheds, but not so great on the back end management piece. And that's where having that collaborative team approach really helps. Because, honestly, I couldn't build a shed, nor would I want to manage that particular process. I can pull together financials and tax planning, and things like that. And so it's creating the synergy with the strengths. The other thing I also tell people is make sure even if you decide not to work with me, make sure you like who you're working with. You're dealing talking about dollars, and a lot of money potentially, and you don't want to end up in a combative relationship with your outsourced CFO, your outsourced accountant or anything else. Because if you avoid talking to me, I cannot do my job effectively for you.

Speaker 3  33:22
Well, I'm burning out way too much time talking here. Does anybody else have a question somebody want to talk about? Learned a lot in the past.

Speaker 1  33:36
Oh, is there questions? Is there a certain type of accounting software that you generally use? or would this be normal practice for you to jump into? You know, kind of a brand new accounting software.

Speaker 2  33:56
So learning an accounting software at the end of the day, it's pretty much all the same, just different languages. We work primarily in QuickBooks, desktop and QuickBooks Online. I'm in the process of getting a zero certification. Because unfortunately, into it is their flat platform is evolving, and they're not so accounted friendly anymore. And I think they're shooting themselves in the foot. So we're having to explore a secondary accounting system, because of the way account into it is pricing people out. As far as learning a new system? My manufacturing clients and my real estate developers tend to use secondary secondary platforms, because when you're doing cost tracking at that point, QuickBooks just is not sufficient. So I've had to be able to jump into different accounting plans. At forms and ERPs, in order to support my clients and to ensure that the information is flowing through and properly mapped, or to advise the client that hey, I know they said on paper, they would work with QuickBooks in in practice, they do not.

Unknown Speaker  35:16
Gotcha, that makes sense.

Speaker 4  35:24
So Mark, your few questions like with your typical client, your typical hands on client,

Unknown Speaker  35:29
who do you work with?

Speaker 4  35:30
In that company? Is it a number of people primarily, be

Speaker 2  35:37
it? It's a number of people primarily because, obviously, Mark, you're not going to want to answer questions on an Amazon purchase, that would be something we would, you know, probably approach Kristen about. But when it comes to reviewing financials, that's where I'm talking to you when we're tweaking tax planning, or other things, you know, I usually meet with the management and the executive team. But for the day to day operations, I tend to meet with myself or someone on my team, again, we meet with somebody like Kristen or I often meet with the director of operations, we have people we go to, depending on what we're trying to accomplish.

Speaker 4  36:22
How do you handle situations, maybe you've never had this happen, but right as if you didn't, if you like, the people you communicate with on a day to day basis, and then say, the management or the executive team, where you get gets mixed signals or different directions, like you ever get into that? Or how to if so, how do you resolve that?

Speaker 2  36:44
Um, I asked for a meeting, I asked for a meeting between, you know, say, the director of operations in you to get clarification on what the deliverable is, because unfortunately, somebody in the process may have also gotten bad direction. And so we clarify. I'm going to try and resolve it low level, because much like you Mark, I don't have time to be pulled into meetings like that very often. And so we're trying to resolve at the lowest level, but unfortunately, there are times where I have, you know, everybody's got to get together so we can clarify.

Speaker 4  37:22
You mentioned tax planning tax strategy. Do you also do a lot of plants that you're you're meeting with now, in creating budgets for the coming year, you do a lot of budgeting or not really, that money

Speaker 2  37:37
can help and advise on the budgeting. But honestly, my, my strength really lies in tax planning and tax strategy. Now, I'll say that, but with our upcoming merger, I have an accountant by the name of Steven Texas, who that is really where hit a lot of his strengths are is in budgeting. He likes to work with nonprofits. So if I don't have the skill set, I have access to the resources to bring that person in to support the objective.

Speaker 4  38:16
So just curious on your tax planning tax strategy sounds like that's one of your strengths. What is a give us an example or two of where you helped a client it successfully. mean we're all about feeling or paying the taxes were legally required. But we're also you know, you well,

Speaker 2  38:41
you want to maximize? Yeah, totally. So I'll use my my largest manufacturing client, they needed to purchase a furnace and I'm not talking like commercial grade, let's heat the building. But we need to be able to heat steel, and we need to be able to heat it to the point where we can harden it. So they call it a furnace. This furnace used runs around $150,000. So obviously we have to look at some financing options and things like that. But one of the areas that we also evaluated was they recently built out a new commercial building. So we discussed him renting out one of his bays to somebody else we're already have during depreciation and those particular credits but if he rented out a portion of his workshop, which would have been enough to cover the furnace payment. We were looking at two years and we were going to pay off the furnace while also maximizing section 179 and bonus depreciation along with the cash flow to cover some to large purchase.

Speaker 2  40:11
And I mean, you know, that one was huge and required quite a bit of coordination between myself and the CEO to make sure that, you know, this is what it looks like because he has a separate entity that obviously owns the commercial real estate, his business, the primary business rents from the real estate company, but by bringing in having the manufacturer sublet out a portion of the building, and covering I mean, it was it turned into a win win.

Speaker 4  40:49
So what is your just based on your experience working with all companies what? What are some of the most common mistakes that you see, or companies make that you've been able to help them?

Speaker 2  41:08
It's cash flow management is one of the biggest mistakes. You know, starting up growing a company getting it into your next level, it requires a lot of dollars, it requires a lot of resources. And so you end up seeing a lot of companies overextend themselves ClassFlow wise, because they didn't do the proper projections, we worked for almost a year to buy a furnace, because one, we had to find it. And then we had to make sure we could afford it. Too many small businesses are like, Well, hey, I got a great financing offer, I don't have to pay anything for six months. So I took on 70 $500,000 worth of debt so that I could buy a new semi, and we're just going to cross our fingers and send a Hail Mary and hope it works out. And that goes back to having. Yeah, and that goes back to having a really good relationship with your outsource accounting and CFO team. Because those are conversations that you know, the client should have been having with me. And we could have avoided a catastrophe because unfortunately for the client that went out and bought the new semi, one month later, the driver he put into the truck totaled it, he rolled it someplace in Oklahoma, and now we have a whole different mess to deal with. And there's a chance the insurance isn't going to cover the truck.

Speaker 4  42:39
So when you do a full hands on package, like you, you're doing accounts payable, accounts receivable, your employees are basically acting on, like behalf of or they would call up our clients or vendors and basically, on behalf of vinyl structures or

Speaker 2  43:04
Yeah, so we would call and talk to your vendors where necessary as far as accounts payable, and receivables if necessary, we tend to leave collection of the accounts receivable to the client because of the relationship our clients have with their customers. So we don't want to come in and be like, Hey, we're representing vinyl structures and you have an invoice that 3045 days past due often times, a quick phone call, say from an Christian, I'm just throwing your name out there, you know, hey, you know Bob, we were 45 days out on this invoice. And it turns out Bob just forgot to pay the invoice and he got to get to the check in the mail same day.

Speaker 2  43:57
But as far as the rest of it goes, we would probably set your accounts payable up in a program called bill pay, they issue the checks on your behalf. It also makes it easier to track you know who's getting paid and timely as well because we don't want to double and triple pay invoices because we have had that happen when the client tries to handle the accounts payable internally, and they don't have a good tracking system. So then we're sending emails and messages, hey, you just paid this $10,000 invoice three times. And when cash flow is you know when new you're managing cash flow, you can't afford to do that either.

Speaker 4  44:38
When you do Accounts Payable what kind of payment methods you you probably support all types of other than cryptocurrency

Speaker 2  44:50
so I hope you guys aren't doing crypto because then that just probably doubled all of my fees

Unknown Speaker  44:57
no or no support all

Speaker 2  44:59
We do support all of it. You know, we work a lot and bill pay. It's called Bill pay.com. It's a pretty decent platform. A lot, I've got a handful of clients who use the bill pay function through their banks. And so depending upon, oftentimes we will jump in, and that would be a US based function, we jump into the bank, we set up the payment, you know, and then we fire them off. We prefer the bill pay, because then I can push notifications that says, Hey, Mark, and Gabe, we're going to pay X, Y, and Z this week, because due dates are actually one of mass maximize discounts. And unless there's an issue that we don't know about, it should be a plug and play.

Speaker 4  45:51
So you'd like ACH physical checks being mailed out? Credit cards? Yes, we can. Yeah, I think that's, I don't know that I have any other any more questions. You've been helpful. Thank you. You're welcome.

Matthias Miller  46:28
Kristen, do you have any questions for Janet?

Unknown Speaker  46:32
No, I just had the one before that she answered.

Matthias Miller  46:39
Janet, with any further questions from you?

Speaker 2  46:44
Um, no, I don't think so right now. Once, like I told you previously, once I see a bit more of the materials and things like that, I'll be able to better dial in the quote. And once I understand what everybody wants, I'll also be able to further dial in the quote in hopefully, present a pretty inclusive package.

Matthias Miller  47:15
Alright, so I guess. Given Mark, where do you guys want to go from here? Do you guys want a chance to? But you all can circle up with Kristen and then decide where to go from here? Where would you like to go from here?

Speaker 3  47:37
I think so, trying to think if there's anything else that oh, here's one, what's your favourite client?

Speaker 2  47:51
My favorite as far as niche or personality? Oh. Um, so I would say that probably my largest manufacturing client, which is up in Wyoming, I like cost accounting. I'm a nerd like that. Um, so as far as their, their industry wise, they're one of my favorites. I've also been with them almost 12 years. Personality wise, they're probably also one of my favorites. The CEO is always been just easy to work with, we've always had open lines of communication, we have a just great rapport. As a matter of fact, I'll be inviting him to my son's graduation next year. It's just, I like, the clients that I have a bit more of that personal touch with. And that's really the clientele that we focus with, because we don't want to treat our people like they're transactional. So we work to get to know our clients, we, you know, we send, we send gifts for weddings and babies and flowers for unfortunately, because of the pandemic, we set up quite a few flowers. And but this particular client has just always been a pleasure to work with. It's not combative. It's it's symbiotic. We have a common goal, and we achieve it. And it's probably why I've been with him for 12 years because honestly, if I end up in a combative relationship with a client, I will terminate the engagement. I don't need the stress, nor does the client

Speaker 4  49:43
Well, now that you mentioned like called Cost Accounting, I do have some further questions if you have some more time.

Speaker 2  49:51
I have about 10 more minutes and then unfortunately, I have to get in the car for a meeting in Denver.

Unknown Speaker  50:00
Did you have anything else? Sorry, I kind of jumped in there at anything else to follow up Do you have anything else? Alright, jump in Are you mute again?

Speaker 3  50:29
Sorry about that. How was that again? I missed the last 45 seconds.

Speaker 4  50:34
I said, did you have anything else for Janet? Before I jump in here? No. So you like cost accounting? Janet, tell me how you like working with this manufacturer? Do they carry a lots of inventory?

Speaker 2  50:57
Unfortunately, right now they do, simply because they are now working with some pretty significant contracts. And the owner makes it in the news a lot because of Twitter. So in order to prep for the project, they have had to increase inventory. Generally, they because every single thing that this particular contract manufacturer manufacturer does is custom. No two pieces are the same. They try to minimize inventory at times, because they don't always know necessarily, what bids and projects are going to come in. But inventory for them, even on the low end, can be anywhere, depending on what's in their pipeline, anywhere from 250 to a million. It just depends on what they're working on.

Speaker 4  51:58
Okay, so how do you this is a longer conversation than we can cover now. But how do you accurately value the inventory? Sounds like there's

Speaker 2  52:11
there's work in progress. There is everything that's coming in, we oftentimes work on. We try to say as much with first in first out as we can on the materials. But obviously, if you need a six inch steel pipe that just came in yesterday, that's going out first. That requires some coordination with the folks that are in the office and have boots on the ground. Because unless I know accurately what's coming in and what's being used, that requires a level communication with the team, in your case in Ohio. For my manual gathering client, we have what's up?

Unknown Speaker  52:57
Oh, no, go ahead.

Speaker 2  52:59
For my manufacturing clients, going back to the six inch still too. They do a lot of their data entry into their ERP. So if I do need clarification, I call their director and I give them a job number. And she can give me a more accurate breakdown of what is being used and consumed. Unfortunately, sometimes I don't read the diagrams. So well, I'm learning even after 12 years, but I don't have that engineering component.

Speaker 4  53:34
The other question I had was product pricing. Do you get involved with that with any of your clients? Like what does this widget cost to produce?

Speaker 2  53:43
I can and I have, again, that requires a higher level of coordination, because we've got to do time tracking, we have to do the materials tracking? And so I can, but I have not. I I would say that I would need a refresher.

Speaker 4  54:06
Got it? Good. Well, you've Yeah, I think you I burned up most of your 10 minutes. So I'll be quiet and let others talk if they have anything else that

Unknown Speaker  54:25
I don't think I do.

Speaker 2  54:28
Okay, I was gonna say I would encourage the three of you to get together and talk and maybe come up with some questions that you think of after the fact. And if you'd like to email me, I would be happy to follow up because I know that for myself. I'm always like, I should have asked that. And oh, and what about this? And then I would encourage you guys again to talk because like I said earlier, make sure you like who you're working with because you're talking about a pretty large project. And you got to be able to work together. communication will be vital in the success of this overall. Good.

Matthias Miller  55:16
Sounds good. Well, I can after the call here, I can send out an email introductions that everybody's got everybody's email. And then, yeah, we'll continue. Continue working on it from our end and go from there.

Speaker 2  55:34
Okay, and let me know if there's anything else I can answer or help with.

Unknown Speaker  55:41
Good. Thanks, Dan. I

Unknown Speaker  55:45
hope everyone has a great day. Thank you. Thanks, bye.

Matthias Miller  55:57
All right, well, Janet's off. I don't know if you guys have you guys want to take the time to talk about it. Now or if you want to ship over to other accounting stuff, I really don't have much of an agenda on that.

Speaker 3  56:23
I don't know that I have a lot of thoughts. Based on everything I heard, it sounds like like she is doing a lot. The same type of stuff that the notarial records that people that are doing, doing the QuickBooks now are doing. About the same size team, North America might have a few more well, no capacity wise, probably about the same, other than this acquisition thing is going to change that.

Unknown Speaker  57:10
I'm gonna say I don't know. Probably. Well, that you know, this lady a lot better than we do. She does your,

Speaker 3  57:32
your work. Great. Yep. He should be the one talking first, probably because you have experienced, I mean, I've just listened to her for 50 minutes.

Matthias Miller  57:44
Okay, well, a few caveats. When I found out she's being acquired, it was actually enough for me to reach out. And there's actually another accountant that I've considered working with in the past. That was a bit above my paygrade previously, but might actually pay for herself here. And so, full transparency, I'm looking at that second full transparency, I have not yet utilized her. Her book, I have not utilized her bookkeeping services, we actually had that in house until just recently, when our when the young mom who is helping us out with that stuff, when it decided to take take time off or actually to quit to spend more time with family. And so the thing that caught my attention here that I had not previously given consideration to, we were talking about just volume of transactions and workflow and the thing that I hadn't hadn't given thought to was the possibility of offshore bookkeeping, and that's kind of what caught my attention and the reason for bringing it to the table, but

Matthias Miller  59:06
I mean, I haven't been dissatisfied with their work up until now, but I do feel like full transparency, I should probably make a few of those comments

Unknown Speaker  59:23
why are you exploring another account?

Matthias Miller  59:30
This other accounting comes with fairly high well, very high recommendations within within my network, and I think we'll probably be um, I'm looking for more support on tax planning, and some of this may just have been. And to be fair, I have not deeply leaned on Janet for tax planning up until now, but I Um I think I think this other accountant I have a higher level of

Matthias Miller  1:00:11
probably have a higher level of recommendation from within my network and I have some friends of mine who we've had some very good success working with her

Speaker 4  1:00:21
that you follow the I just heard this quote recently that a guy said millionaires, they get all their systems and processes neat and tidy and work on improving things like that at what he said billionaires reach out to their trusted advisors when they're when they need advice I had to think of that when you were writing this account here you will

Matthias Miller  1:00:48
take that as take that as a compliment but it's maybe as far as I can take it

Speaker 4  1:00:56
so that the year expecting he can bring up take it to the next level or provide a higher level of bias redirection tax planning tax strategy then what were you think you could go with with her?

Matthias Miller  1:01:16
That's correct. I mean, that's what I believe I'm actually talking to her tomorrow to this second accountant

Speaker 4  1:01:33
like how would I didn't know would it be appropriate to ask but like, How does somebody like her doctor her billing Is it is it basically look at at each, which you look at us is like look at each customer and say well, this will be x amount per month, or is it this amount per month gets you much and then it's X amount? dollars per hour beyond that. Are you have any idea?

Matthias Miller  1:02:13
I go ahead. Kristin, do you have some thoughts? Oh, it

Speaker 1  1:02:17
seems like she's kind of led us towards Why don't we give her a better idea of exactly what we want and she'll get us a some type of proposal. I'd imagine it'd be in the proposal. It kind of seemed like she was saying it was going to be a monthly fee. I'd imagine there'd be a ceiling on it with you know if it ends up so many hours or transactions over I'm not sure but most accountants that I work with have like a monthly package that you're in and that includes XY and Z

Matthias Miller  1:02:51
and then making some speculations if she's moving beyond just getting started she probably is trying to sell some kind of retainer package that includes a bundle and not just doing straight hourly billing completely across the board

Speaker 1  1:03:09
but it's gonna be a good question to ask via email instead of us just kind of speculating. Anything else

Unknown Speaker  1:04:09
sorry No, no more questions here

Unknown Speaker  1:04:17
don't think I have any more

Matthias Miller  1:04:24
All right, so I'm going to as far as next step is is it some period of pretty you guys for me to do an email introduction between her and and you three. And I mean, I'm happy to weigh in and whatever way you you find helpful like I feel like this is going beyond going beyond software's systems, although I certainly don't mind being involved here if if I'm needed, and then leaving the ball in your court to decide where you want to go from here. Okay, Good. All right. Um, I had Nick Hold on Hold off

Matthias Miller  1:05:19
during that conversation might be jumping on here to listen in. So jumping a little bit into Billy last. Okay, so I get full disclosure with Kobe on Thursday. Okay, this could sound like I'm making excuses. But it's it is the reality. So excuses are no, no, this is reality. The call last week and some of the sales and marketing stuff I was out on Friday. I had a meeting come up this morning, it was important, but unexpected. And so I have not summarized their conversation from Friday. But I really feel like between the call recording and the notes that I took, I feel like I've got a really solid grasp of where we're going with that. So my move my suggestion, I do have a few questions on payables. I think so that remains in my court to negotiate with Josh and Joel, on our end, as far as technologically how that works. I think from a process standpoint, I think there's a fairly good understanding of how payables work. But there's one question with that. Currently. Currently, vendor invoices and assist tie out to General Ledger items. And Josh's explanation goes along the lines of yeah, they periodically want to track various expenses and they periodically want to just add new categories and take new category, take some categories away, and change things up a bit. So just give them a list of they can do whatever they want to with it the list of items on the on the vendor invoice that the general ledger categories that you've got right there should those be tied directly into the chart of accounts. So when you say there's another category of costs, I want to track that you that you go ahead and add it to the to the income statement and then start linking those out or we that seems to be like the most sensible approach but I want to make sure that we're on the same page before we keep rolling

Unknown Speaker  1:07:43
but I think part of the reason that that it is messy is because way back when when we started looking at oh, we need a structured

Unknown Speaker  1:07:57
need a structured list of GL accounts in one form or another that kind of on par All of this counting thing where we're working on now. And so we we basically been

Speaker 4  1:08:18
saying while those GL accounts once we have a clearly defined list from that that we'll be using an accounting will mimic that in into our management system. So if if I'm understanding this correctly, I think that it should like the source of truth or the parent or the list of they should all those accounts should all be stored in the general ledger if we want to add a new account then it needs to be added the accounting system and then inventory management follow suit or if say If purchasing well we need it for whatever reason we need another GL account then they need to go to accounting and have them add it there first before it's added in or before we start using it in is that I'm not sure if I answered I'm tracking or answering your question but that's we would need to change that from bro how it is now. The process

Matthias Miller  1:09:43
good yeah that's my question on that

Matthias Miller  1:09:53
Whoo. And in basically the way that it works current Li is that askew has a general ledger account. And then on the vendor invoice, you can override the GL account to something else if you want something different. So it's working right now. So all paint is normally acts. But on this invoice we're not painting, not painting a shed, we're painting the office. It should be why

Speaker 4  1:10:28
early can split an invoice, I'm assuming. Yes, that the way the inventory management system works now it is per SKU ladder per line item on and on a purchase order or an invoice.

Matthias Miller  1:10:48
Now, I'm not sure exactly what happens currently, if you get three buckets of paint, and one of them is for the office and two is for, to or for sheds.

Matthias Miller  1:11:02
Mark, do you know if we have a way to handle that right now?

Speaker 4  1:11:04
I? I don't I expect? No. But Josh would know for sure. Wow. I'm pretty sure the answer is no. And I guess the question is, do we need to be able to split up? on that level? What we call the SKU lot level? Or would be a line item? Like a lot of three, three buckets of paint do we get? What do you think? Will we ever need the ability to let those three out like two are going to be used in sheds and one's going to be used for the office? Or we're going to

Unknown Speaker  1:11:45
Yeah. Or would we

Speaker 4  1:11:49
know that we I mean would we rate to purchase orders if we have something that works important?

Unknown Speaker  1:12:00
I was looking at it a little bit like not just specifically for raw materials items. I mean, I guess on that we could do journal entries if we had to.

Speaker 4  1:12:23
Well, to be clear, again, we're not we're we're not looking at it only at raw materials. It's for office supplies. I know the loosened is messy. But right now we have a number of raw materials, subcontractor payment builder payment, errors and maintenance, lunchroom supplies, equipment purchase. Marketing utilities. I know though, they're messy, but office supplies.

Speaker 3  1:12:58
If we're looking at everything, I think it becomes pretty important to be able to split it up where we might be paying for subcontract labor to maybe do a bunch of repairs well, and they send us an invoice. Some of it is maybe production overhead some is not. Or we have a property tax bill some production overhead some is not or we maybe do delivery from is to be one class, some should be another.

Speaker 4  1:13:46
Well that you just mentioned classes and I was going to ask about that. Do we currently there's no payables there's no oh, one class. So we need obviously we'll need a way to find classes. But so if Okay, taking the three buckets of paint example. What you're saying is we need to be able to let those up to two different GL accounts. Two buckets are raw materials and the other one is Arison, maintenance, whatever. And, but we also need to be able to split them up based on classes, like maybe the two buckets that are for raw materials, the one bucket may be for whole buildings, and the other may be for sheds. Right we'll need to have that ability as well.

Speaker 3  1:14:56
I think so enough for paint specifically. Probably not but I mean maybe that if if we were just talking about paying it probably wouldn't be worth it. Sure, but I think we're

Matthias Miller  1:15:15
gonna give me just one second Oh, yeah, we Raul we would need that makes sense. So just taking a look here

Speaker 4  1:15:31
I think what would be ideal is if we could have we could still set default classes and GL accounts for every item. And I like to think that 90% of the time those are going to be right and the other 10% person reviewing in the review simply needs to mark on the verification report what needs to be changed

Matthias Miller  1:16:09
I mean, the short answer is, if you need to split it out, you would have to split it out on the on the PIO as it as it functions now. Sorry, let me back up a step. Short answer is for class assignments. We can certainly do that in the same way we're doing Geo and just add another field to the row and that's no absolutely no problem. As far as you know, three buckets versus two buckets if that does become an issue it's as simple as changing the PIO to have the SKU listed multiple times which might be a little weird but it'll work well I think it will Yeah, we I mean we currently do that I mean we have Yeah, we have situations where we actually hang on but this is different POS Do we ever have POS where we make sure this is right if we if we do have this then we can tell whether we actually support this or not so we're gonna do vendor invoice now they're keyed off askew. Okay. It looks to me like we can't. So as far as splitting up class, Yeah, makes sense. perfectly doable. As far as splitting, I think the best way for you to deal with this is the if you know you want to separate it is to issue two POS one for well. Maybe for office supplies, a simple way to approach it would be issue a separate separate PIO, but you're probably not going to want to do that if you're wanting to designate I mean, you can't do that to designate certain things to like the pole barns versus sheds

Speaker 4  1:18:53
Well, it's on your apiary example of subcontractor pay. Could we beat the EMI corrected? The only way we'll know if we have a subcontractor that worked. Two days out of a week he's worked on building sheds and three days on a pole barn. Would we have them issue an invoice that splits the two out or they're probably the ones that will be telling us you know how much of that week how much of this invoice is for sheds and how much is for old barns, right.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:42
I have a hard time being having to depend on other people to always split them out. I mean, so if I go to if I'm in wall are in SA Oh, I see some things here we need at the shop and I

Speaker 3  1:20:06
take my card over and I get six things. I mean, the way we would do that now this will happen quite a bit is we'll say here's an invoice but the box is a paper. And I'm just making stuff up three to befores. Maybe it would be better to have the example if we go to Lowe's, we go to Lowe's, and we say, oh, we need a couple, two befores. A couple pieces of trim. And there's also this tool we need. And there's also we need some soap for the bathroom.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:51
And then the way we would handle that now is we would split that invoice out. $675 215 of that is cleaning supplies $129 is maintenance. And remaining 347 is off supplies. So are you saying the way we would handle that is we will then need to create three POS.

Matthias Miller  1:21:32
As it stands now, yes. I don't think that's really an acceptable solution. But I could be mistaken.

Speaker 4  1:21:43
But if I as if, okay, great. If you're if you're buying office supplies is all your soap is all office supplies, like that's a line item that's a different item than that we can give its own GL account. That's what we're doing now. And we can say the two by fours are raw materials and cool is tools and maintenance. Like per item, what we do is on the same purchase order the exact same items, split those up into two different GL accounts.

Matthias Miller  1:22:17
Yeah, that's sorry, that is that is correct. So one way if you have to split those out one way to do it currently, again, not ideal, perhaps I don't know. I don't know if it's ideal or not. But one way to approach that is that if you have do things in the same way, you know, to have separate skews for each GL account that GL account or class and it needs to post to so if it needs to post to you know, cool barns then it's then it's then it's one school one SKU and if it needs to go somewhere else, it's to another SKU, but that introduces its own set of problems.

Speaker 3  1:22:55
I just have a heart I mean, I mean, I understand if if we're strictly buying things that we have a SKU for. Okay, so how would I do with the situation? I bought a bunch of stuff at Lowe's.

Speaker 4  1:23:13
You have while I can answer that quickly, so you obviously haven't worked with Mabel a whole lot on the accounts payable side because there needs to be a purchase order. She needs to create a purchase order for everything running through accounts payable. Anyway. So you would if you would do what you just said you would back feed that information to her she would create a purchase order in accounts payable and for each of those different items, and give them their own GL account.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:47
Now I'm understanding that as we speak, the one off stuff like I'm referring to is not is not going to Mabel.

Speaker 4  1:24:02
Oh, well okay, if you're if you're doing a credit card payment. Right now we're not we're not processing. Another way that we're not using it for prepaid. Either, if you buy something at Lowe's and you pay with your credit card, immediately, we're not handling that through Accounts Payable because it is already paid. Or if you cut a check in the office for somebody that at this point that's not going through the accounts payable process, the plan is to move.

Unknown Speaker  1:24:40
But we'll have to process all of that. The same way in the future in order to so that we're our inventory is accurate and we're receiving things into inventory. But you're correct at this point. Those items are not

Speaker 3  1:25:00
I just have a hard time being as being happy with not being able to simply take an invoice in, split it up under three GL accounts missing something is key,

Speaker 4  1:25:27
I think it would be helpful for, for a teacher who would be for you to walk through the process of of what we do currently on, because we're splitting mean usually they're all the same GL account but we could the way it is not we can split up an invoice, have every line item on that invoice be a different GL account.

Matthias Miller  1:25:55
So okay, so current process is when you get a vendor invoice, you there are skews assigned to vendor expenses. And so if if a vendor charges you for three different things, you would assign your own internal SKU to each of those line items currently. And then those skews each SKU currently on the vendor invoice gets assigned to a single GL account. So if you had to, you could say, well, they broke gave us three line items. But we're going to break this, this line item from one line item into two for a total of four line items. We're going to pick a different but related SKU to put that one under so that we have a unique SKU on the on the PIO. And then we're going to assign each of those to the respective GL account. So you do get to break it down. But the requirement is you might have to either you might have to make up an alternate SKU to be able to break it down from the PIO. Again, as it stands now that makes sense or not clear at all.

Speaker 3  1:27:35
I think maybe not clearly understanding the scope of key excuse. Like are we going to have a SKU for everything. Every single, like, well, what's the difference between a SKU and a GL account? Are we going to have a SKU for every single GL account? As it stands now, like I said, Did we already have you?

Matthias Miller  1:28:13
Mark, you're more familiar with this than I am but we already have a

Matthias Miller  1:28:27
already has skews for different types of services from vendors. I'm not sure how deep it goes. But

Speaker 4  1:28:35
it does and get that that part's a little matching we're waiting on. Well keep going with us.

Matthias Miller  1:28:48
Well, I mean, so I think Martin can probably explain better to give how that's currently working and limitations of the system. But currently, as it stands, vendor invoice and POS need to be vendor in invoices need to start as POS and POS are tied to skews need to have skews of some form or fashion. And so we do have skews for we currently do have some at least some excuse for services

Speaker 4  1:29:19
Yes, that's correct. I mean, we have like a miscellaneous phone expense, which, again that we're waiting to have the GL structure defined. And then we want to build that out but right now, my understanding is we're just using like the invoice from phone company is Mabel uses that miscellaneous own expense and the intent in this post in the weeds, but our goal with that is so that he has a quick, easy, concise list of you Who's to go through when she has something like utilities or whatever. She, she enters in that SKU, and that automatically populates the most has a default Alekhine account tied to it so that it automatically populates the GL account.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:24
Think, quite clear. Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:30:27
I'm also lost at this point. So if I'm entering an invoice for our telephone bill, I'm going to put a SKU, the telephone bill is going to have a SKU, which will auto populate the GL account that goes to utilities.

Matthias Miller  1:30:45
As it stands now, yes.

Speaker 1  1:30:53
Do you see me making a confused kind of squirrely face? Because I don't? I don't I don't quite understand why. Why would we need a SKU for a telephone bill?

Matthias Miller  1:31:05
Well, the reason is, it's the evolution of change. So SKUs, originally implemented for for IMS, are sorry, pos and vendor invoices were built for IMS, I think probably what needs to happen is instead of strictly linking from the PIO to the vendor invoice based off of based off of SKU that we should also link it, which we should allow you on the I think allow you on the PIO to try it out to skew plus class plus GL account and use that as a linking mechanism to the vendor invoice. Maybe, or we or we need to ditch that entirely. And rather than linking this linking by SKU, we just need a one to one linking based on line items in the PIO to Well, I don't know, there's different ways to slice and dice it technically.

Speaker 1  1:32:10
So can I tell you how eBay mess does it? Okay, so, um, we're talking not materials right now, right? We're talking things like paint for the office like utilities. So I can start a new invoice at a vendor. And then I can say, I bought paint from Matthias that's going to GL Code 125. And I also bought office paper from Matthias that's going to a different GL Code, because that's office supplies. The first one was like repairs and maintenance, you have some kind of store that sells everything. So I can do each line item, I can add my GL. And I don't have to add a SKU. If I don't want to if I do add a SKU than an automatically prompts like a raw materials, conversation within the software. But if I don't add a SKU, it will still just assign only that line, dollar amount to that GL account. Or some vendors if I start vendor first and go, I'm going to open up a new invoice for Matthias is big box store, it's going to go Oh, Matthias, you always use this GL account with him. So it's going to auto populate the one that I think I preset that in the vendors, it's going to auto populate the preset to what that vendor usually is but I can go in and change it and then each line item will give me a way to break down the whole invoice and bounce it to different places.

Matthias Miller  1:33:52
So, so, when you do do POS, so as a point of clarification, when you enter if you would enter a Pio at that point, you would be required to enter skews or you would not you can still do a Pio without skews. Okay. And and then if you if you enter a PIO, do you assign the GL account at that point? Or do you wait until the PIO turns into a vendor invoice and then you assign the Assign at that point of invoice.

Speaker 1  1:34:28
Nine times out of 10 we assign it right in that first creation of the PIO but I guess it could be updated or changed before we turn it into an invoice or why don't we turn it into an invoice if the case presented itself.

Matthias Miller  1:34:42
So really, you want this but then if you're going to my big box store, you're not issuing a Pio. You're just getting an invoice. And so you've skipped the PIO creation process and you go straight to an invoice.

Speaker 1  1:34:58
Yeah, and within EBMs it's the same In tab, like I can start a Pio or start an invoice, it only turns into an invoice when I say I've received those things. So even if someone sends in the receipt from, hey, we just shopped at Matthias has big box, or here's where we bought, I still start typing as if it's a Pio. And then I just bought, received, bought, receive, but received all the way down by two columns.

Matthias Miller  1:35:23
So if we made you enter these as POS, and turn them into a vendor invoice, assuming that that's not a process that requires you to jump through hoops and do back flips and somersaults, that's not really you don't really see that as an issue.

Speaker 1  1:35:38
No, that's, I mean, I imagine entering them one way or the other is going to be pretty much the same process. And Correct. As long as I'm not very good at jumping through hoops. I don't have the like ground clearance. So

Matthias Miller  1:35:54
I don't have a hand eye coordination. There's a reason why I'm predominantly doing taping. And.

Matthias Miller  1:36:07
So from a technical standpoint, what we want to be able to do. So there's there's two pieces that I'm hearing that we want from this one, being able to preset a vendor to specific GL account. So this vendor is always going to be this, which you are currently supporting, I don't see that as that wouldn't be terribly difficult to do. The second piece that we want to do is stop requiring skews. And the third thing we want to do is move the GL account from the vendor invoice to the PIO, I think.

Matthias Miller  1:36:48
And there's probably some is probably some technical implications for doing that. But I'm not aware of but I think that would handle it.

Speaker 1  1:37:08
I mean, it could be a separate process. If you'd rather there just leave the POS as is and let invoices be for non raw material items. And in which case, we're going to enter the GL on that. As you know, as we go that that would be fine, too.

Matthias Miller  1:37:25
Yeah, I'm afraid that I mean, from a technical standpoint, it's easier to continue using POS. Yeah. Rather than having two different things that you can interest things on. Okay. Mark, you started seeing something?

Speaker 4  1:37:39
Well, I'm just wondering, is this I mean, the IMS kind of morphed into a an accounts payable system. Somewhat that works. Okay. I mean, is it? Gosh, we'd have good input on this. But do we need to? I think at some point, we need to rethink parts of that is now the time or can we kick that down the road a little bit to? I'm not. It was built for Roman for reheating materials, primarily, but we've been able to use it for for other non inventory items as well. Do you feel like it's it'll be fine, just like it is? Or for the time being Messias? Or I guess, trying to reword my question. I think at some point, we may want to build it so that it has more flexibility than what it does now. But does that do we need to revisit that now? Or?

Matthias Miller  1:39:04
We're not? Sure. I think the question is, what's an appropriate compromise? Are you willing to create a SKU for every GL account in the short term? If so, we're gonna go, well, actually, it may be every gL plus class combination that you want to use. To give you the freedom to break things down as granularly as you want to. And if you guys are okay with that in the short term. I think the only thing that we would need is a few ways to maybe put in some default GL accounts. Well, we already have default GL accounts. It's a matter of adding in default classes as well. And switching from the current GL account list to the actual accounting GL account list. But I think as long as you're okay with that compromise, we've got most of what we need here.

Speaker 4  1:39:59
Well, I think It's a good way to I think we should try and and do that for right now. I think we've got enough other that are probably more important. And I think a good way to make sure that we're all comfortable that this will work is

Speaker 4  1:40:22
probably get is to get the people that are using that every day to explain to us what they can and can't do and probably be fine, Mabel, and Erin and Steven to, to walk us through a number of examples. I think that would be helpful. But what what are your guys thoughts? I don't want to waste anybody's time. But I feel it could be because I think you can see into it pretty good and fast. But the rest of us are kind of talking with limited knowledge and insight into how it's actually being used in real life. And I think it's closer than it. I think it does more than what we think it does at the moment. But what are your thoughts is, is that a waste of your time? Or would that be helpful? Help us understand a little better?

Matthias Miller  1:41:18
Well, I'm mindful that you're dropping, you need to get out of the office in two minutes. Yeah, I think I certainly think it's almost always better to optimize based on end user experience than almost anything else. Otherwise, you are doing premature optimization. So I think the real question is, I mean, if you're okay with it, there's going to be some additional burden with what I'm proposing, but it's workable. And the burden is going to be on the people entering the information. So it's a trade off.

Speaker 4  1:42:13
But I guess my question, probably more for Gabe, I guess, what are your thoughts? Would it be helpful for you to walk through a couple of purchase orders that have items from different GL accounts and see how that is being handled in accounts payable now?

Speaker 3  1:42:32
The only thing that I mean, yeah, absolutely would be helpful. I mean, I guess it's just a matter of where do we want to spend our time? My only stress is, I mean, I'm understanding that we're going to assign a SKU to every single GL account right.

Unknown Speaker  1:42:54
Which every other bad debts you

Unknown Speaker  1:42:58
Well, every

Unknown Speaker  1:43:00
well yeah.

Speaker 3  1:43:02
We have a bad debt skew a bank charges skew a contribution skew into delivery expenses, skew, etc. Right. Yes. Okay. And with the current solution, are we going to be able to split so we have this very basic invoice and it really should be the invoice should be split up amongst several skews.

Unknown Speaker  1:43:39
Long as your order has, as long as your purchase order reflects multiple skews? Yes.

Speaker 3  1:43:48
So for example, we pay somebody $5,000 To do a bunch of work. And we have an invoice $5,000. I'll keep this to 15 seconds, and then you can go in there's about six different probably more like three different three different GL accounts. That is labor should be by two, we can give that to Mabel, tell her what we need and she will create a Pio. And even though it's just one invoice. One line item what I give Mabel, she's going to create a PIO and make three line items out of it. And that one item ends up on three GL accounts, right?

Speaker 4  1:44:41
Yes, that's my understanding. Now. We can verify for sure but that's that's my understanding.

Unknown Speaker  1:44:52
The Pio would have would have Florescu orgy LM

Speaker 4  1:45:01
Think of it this way instead of right now you're used to taking the invoice and writing on the invoice X amount for this GL X amount for this GL. Instead you're you're you're creating a purchase order that you're just doing that on a separate piece of paper communicating that to Mabel.

Unknown Speaker  1:45:28
The only difference between a SKU and a GL account is

Unknown Speaker  1:45:33
they look different.

Unknown Speaker  1:45:37
But it's really we could use it.

Speaker 4  1:45:44
But But I suggest we follow up with we run an actual example through this. Make sure it does everything we want it to I think it does. And then we can go from there, but

Matthias Miller  1:45:57
I like it. Marvin Gaye. Well, it's a go. It's been on that for Wednesday, and appreciate it, Mark. Yep, I guess. But, David, and Kristen, I've got plenty to catch up on on our call from Thursday. So I vote to put this on the on the backburner and I can keep focusing on the wrapping of the FDA stuff. And then we can we can now work on POS on Wednesday. Good sounds good day. Appreciate it.

Unknown Speaker  1:46:38
Thank you


Transcribed by https://otter.ai