Matthias Miller  00:28
Morning. Good morning. Sorry, are you?

Speaker 1  00:31
I'm good. Had a relaxing weekend. How are you?

Matthias Miller  00:35
Good Yeah, doing good. Friend of mine talk me into sticking up the peppermint mocha season. So here we are.

Unknown Speaker  00:53
I'm gonna say Hi, good

Speaker 2  00:55
morning. It's nice. So bright and sunny where you are. I know.

Matthias Miller  01:01
Yes, it is.

Unknown Speaker  01:04
It's great. Like, and then

Speaker 2  01:08
the ladies signing. Do you have a good weekend? Tori?

Speaker 1  01:12
Yes, I did. It was relaxing. 30 I've been to show that was really good at that. But I was like, You know what? I'm sick today. And it was really good. It's called severance. You're interested in like thrillers like

Speaker 2  01:30
what? What did you stream it off of Amazon? Apple TV. Okay. Nice. How was your weekend? It was good. We had a great day on Saturday. My son got sick yesterday. So I was playing Doctor mom all day. And all night. A little bit today. So he's starting to improve. Well, that's good. Yeah, a little bit. Yeah. It was also quite relaxing. We didn't have anything going on. So it was kind of like a ketchup weekend. You know, sometimes she's got to have some of those ketchup times. Yeah, those are winterizing or prepping, you know, winterizing the house to getting all the

Speaker 1  02:10
Have you started writing Christmas decorations? Because I know some people like the day after Halloween there.

Speaker 2  02:15
I know. I think if Liam hadn't been sick, I might. I wanted to put my outdoor Christmas lights up because it was so warm. And I hate being cold. Like I just hate it. So I thought I'd put them up on all the bushes and then like, not plug them in. So I might get to that next weekend. I am. I am a little bit of a stickler though. Like that. Tori. I'll pick a certain day and you're like this is this is as far as I'll go. Usually, it's like Thanksgiving weekend. But I've gotten a little more lacks. lately. I've been like creeping closer and closer to Halloween. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  02:57
those people crack me up.

Speaker 2  02:59
I know. So awesome. No. Matthias, I saw the I saw the marketing materials start it was the by proxy of someone responding back to it. They were like, Oh, great.

Matthias Miller  03:17
Yeah. I'm still blown away by the level of personalization that people. I mean, I'm just to be honest, I'm a little bit of a jaded marketer. Like, you guys do know this as an auto responder. Like the level of personalization is amazing. People are replying like that. They really

Speaker 2  03:37
think that it's I think a majority of folks understand it's an auto campaign. But there are some that are like, Oh, that's so nice of you. Thank you for talking to me about this offers. No idea. It's like prescriptive.

Matthias Miller  03:56
Well, even this was not intentional, but even managed to let them leave a little bit of a typo in there as well. Some people actually do that intentionally to make it look more human. But

Speaker 2  04:10
that's interesting. I will say that the conversations I had throughout Thursday and Friday, I know Matthias, you were off Friday. And Tori, we didn't connect in the morning, but Friday's conversations regarding the 10% off discount was exceptionally helpful with moving people down the pipeline, you know, going from just being in general. Okay, I'll think about it too. Oh, well, I want to consider this more seriously this month. So I wanted to make sure to bring that up because what I was encountering was folks saying I really want this but I can't put it on my land until February for some they typically had an issue like I gotta take a tree out or I've got to make sure the driveway is ready. So I was confirming with them that's fine. You So long as you secure it in November, we can schedule in the dealer portal like this is your timeframe you're looking for. Is that fair and true? I want to make sure that's accurate.

Matthias Miller  05:13
Yeah, as far as I know, I mean, okay, Mike any is any issue with that?

Matthias Miller  05:28
Michael, are you are you on?

Unknown Speaker  05:31
mystery number? Oh, is

Matthias Miller  05:33
this sorry? This is not my goal. I'm Kelvin or Wayne. Is that you?

Unknown Speaker  05:39
Yes, messiahs. Wayne is on.

Matthias Miller  05:42
Okay. Wave is on. All right. Appreciate it. Yeah. Okay, not a problem. I mean, you know, as a matter of principle, I don't see any issue with that. I think it's probably, I don't know, if there's a, if there's a length of timeframe that we're gonna start getting worried about if people are buying things six months out, but I don't, I don't know why that would be an issue.

Speaker 2  06:12
Okay, that's great to know. The also the satisfaction guarantee seems to kind of really be putting people at ease, the concept of them putting down you know, six grand as a 50% deposit without ever having touched or seen the building them getting to hold on to that until delivery day, that at least three conversations with folks that it's not changed their mind, but it's definitely making them more like, like comfortable with such a large purchase in cash. So I think as a long term strategy as the company moves forward, if we, if we can keep that policy long term, honestly, I feel like it really represents the brand of truepoint. Well, so long as we can protect it and don't have problems with, you know, people trying to one, you know, causing problems with that. But as a company, I feel like it's difficult building the trust level over the phone with someone that's buying something that's intangible until they see it. So I think that's going to be a wonderful addition.

Matthias Miller  07:17
That's really good feedback. And I think, you know, I think a lot of that also comes down to you guys whose ability to read people, you know, whether, you know, using this as some as something to push somebody over the finish line is you would not otherwise buy? Well, that's, that's obviously not something you guys are gonna do. And that's good to hear. I'm not terribly worried. It'll be interesting to see how it pans out. I'm not terribly worried about the people taking advantage of it. But what to see.

Speaker 2  07:42
Yeah, definitely. Glad to see. We have questions on financing. I know Tori, and I, we wanted to chat about that with the team, maybe not on this call, but want to make you aware of that Matthias that the rent to own seems to be so high of a cost to people down the long term. Or they're in South Carolina. And it's not accessible. So Lindsey, it seemed like based on our dialogue in discord on Friday that Lindsay would coordinate time for Leanne and Tori and I to sit down and really go through the, the, you know, we're making promises to them, when they start the financing process of how is this affecting your credit score, what to expect next, and we wanted to just be crystal clear, on every part of the process, a little bit difficult when we haven't run someone through it yet. And I don't feel confident enough to take a stab at it and have someone be the guinea pig. So I want to make sure we nail down with Leann every part of that process very clearly. And then also, you know, make sure that we're being uniform and what we're asking of them, we had a discussion about, you know, are we do we ask for money down upfront, you know, and then there was a comment made? Yes, we do even on rich own versus we don't, I just want to make sure we're really, really clear so that nobody gets caught in the thick of, you know, a different procedure.

Matthias Miller  09:13
So be be aware that online sales team is running some experiments and the rest of the dealers are not running. So. So the zero down on cash. Is my understanding is that is an online sales in North Carolina, you know, I mean, in this region only. So yes, if you ask somebody like Lindsey or something like that on the zero download that you're gonna get a different answer. Okay. Now, the RTO side, I thought that was my understanding had been that that was a standard practice that the viewers are are able to use unless that wasn't all communicated more broadly. Okay, I don't know about that.

Speaker 2  09:54
Well, my goal would then be to just take open ended notes based on those questions from The answers from Lindsay and Leanne and then bring them back to you and Michael for the Online team and then we can kind of filter through here's what they're expecting the procedure to be where do we deviate? And that way Tori and I know that if we receive info through discord from someone, we're, we're kind of filtering it through like approval and your approval for how to lead do it differently.

Matthias Miller  10:21
Yeah, it's very helpful. I would if there's any way whether it's Mary hosting the Zoom call, so that we can record it if there's any way that we can record the nevermind somebody's interested in joining the call, but I don't know if I can, but at a minimum, if you can, if you can leave me in and I can have Mary You know, maybe host a zoom call and get it recorded. So we have that. Awesome sounds good. Sounds

Speaker 2  10:55
good. And Tory, I just got a shout out seal in that deal last week. Great jobs. Proud of you. You're excited.

Speaker 1  11:08
Yeah, first of many glad we got that first of all knocked down.

Unknown Speaker  11:12
Well done. Well, then.

Speaker 1  11:14
I think a bit was just like making him feel comfortable. Because we work on or fill out on like, okay, how can I get him to this price per month, where he's comfortable. So I'm on a few of the calls, I downsized the building on some of them, I put the I took out the leg scarf flooring and put a different flooring and he ended up wanting to go with a little bit smaller. So the range of what he was looking for to pay monthly. It was a little bit outside of it, but I guess it was doable for him. So I just wanted him to be happy with the you know what, where he was?

Unknown Speaker  11:50
Yeah. So I think showing that empathy also worked out with that.

Speaker 2  11:57
That's awesome. And then you finalized the satisfaction guarantees statement and we will be adding that to the DocuSign documents that go out when a client's pulling the trigger until we change that policy, I guess

Matthias Miller  12:17
probably take a look at the end of November and see and kind of look back over the sales and see what was impacted by the 10% up noise impacted by the satisfaction guarantee and just revalue it in there. Okay, yeah, sounds good. Yep.

Speaker 1  12:32
Is that something we add to the form on DocuSign How does that work?

Speaker 2  12:38
Yeah, it's not there now and actually currently says that you know, cash is due to secure your order so we may have to figure out a way to cover that on the invoice and then put a text box over it that would put the satisfaction guarantee statement on it for cash deal

Matthias Miller  13:01
let me take a look at the quote template and see

Unknown Speaker  13:09
if it's possible

Matthias Miller  13:17
so now we do you have my understanding was we actually have some ability to do dealer specific notes in there

Matthias Miller  13:42
this is standard

Matthias Miller  14:10
Okay, now I'm not seeing a good way to sort of litter they see what we bet looking for we bet on the sales order put her not using that. Was that a no, that's just the straight up footer. Okay, now we don't really have I mean, we could put some customization but it's probably not worth doing if you guys are able to manually write it's relatively straightforward for you guys can manually cover that up and replace it. It's probably the way to go.

Unknown Speaker  14:58
That for now

Speaker 1  15:02
So the status P doesn't apply for people that are wanting to finance is that correct? Only for cash sales and RTO.

Speaker 2  15:15
They may just chime in here, I believe that based upon what we've seen in the financing process, leave at this with the team this week for sure. But it appears that the clients get finance right away. And I don't necessarily think once they've gone through the trouble of financing and applying and then getting funded that that is a, that it would be wise to entrust that funding in their hands for so long until their buildings delivered. So I, I am of the opinion that if they are going through train sky or backyard financing, that at least that 50%, perhaps all should be collected as quickly as possible, because of the nature of the way they're paying, as opposed to their cash buyer. And we don't want them shelling out their cash until they see they're building. I don't know, that's just a way to flow best. 10

Unknown Speaker  16:17
Yes, that makes sense.

Matthias Miller  16:19
complete sense. Everything through the worst thing that we would want is for them to secure financing and actually buy the building and then what are they going to do with their with the cash that they received from their financing?

Matthias Miller  16:38
Good. One question when to or just note or reminder, we really need to set up some automation for this, but I haven't. But I really do need to do the wheat has got a good sales tag on anybody that you reach out to. And I'm not sure there was a gentleman Jonathan, who replied, was super polite. This pretty disgruntled to think that apology email. Were a you know, hey, we fix this. Yeah.

Speaker 2  17:17
He's one of mine. I'll talk with I will email him back to inform him. He's a interesting person.

Matthias Miller  17:26
Okay. Yeah. Fair enough.

Speaker 2  17:28
Yeah. Yeah, I think he's in this is something we might want to think about in the long haul. when an email comes from Gabe, and it almost seems like Gabe is trying to snipe the sales when they've talked on the phone with Torian. So because they don't know game, and they don't know that gives the owner I think they get a little protective of Wait a minute, I talked to Tory, why? I think that is where some of that like disgruntled tennis, at least on Jonathan's side, it's pretty apparent that he's like, are you?

Matthias Miller  18:07
So he's actually so this is actually so you would say this is actually a sign of sales op to you like he wants to work? Because you can so awesome. Like,

Speaker 2  18:15
she's like, where's, where are you pestering me, I already talked to them. Now, to your point, Matthias yes, we need to pull them off this list. And I did not do that with his info. Because he's a custom quoted project. He doesn't actually have a quote in hand yet. However. Yeah, I think we have to just educate folks to that.

Matthias Miller  18:39
Well, I mean, there's a few ways we could do this. Number one, we could go back to the auto responder series. Well, I guess part of the problem is the auto responder series, we can go find which ones are actually could come from you guys. And we could put, we could put your name let me just like we did for the we're doing for the promo. We could put your names and emails, they could come from you guys. And then we can periodically have Dave jump in and every time. So this is Tandoor two, option one would be option one, which wouldn't work is putting your name and a logo and all that has to work for you. Some of the stories are personal again. Option two is always introduce Dave as the owner. I'm a salesperson like I'm the guy who started this thing. options. So you could actually be a combination of that where we try to we pick as many. I don't know, I'd have to think this through a little bit. If it hurts continuity, but if we could have as many of these come from Gabe as possible, as many of these come from you guys as possible. And then when it comes from gamers be like, Hey guys, I'm the owner, like, like, just very clear about that.

Speaker 2  19:50
I think that would make it the continuity would soar. I think that would be wonderful because also, I've been just looking at my own daily tasks. And I'm writing emails to folks to follow up with them that haven't answered the voicemail. Plus they're getting the auto responder. So I'm curious like how to make it as like the best effort for the best result. And maybe personalizing the email coming from to where you're coming from myself will kind of put that effort in the right direction. And make them feel like they're not being sniped. But game. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  20:29
that's what that's awesome that they're getting defensive that I really liked.

Unknown Speaker  20:34
It was really funny. It was the loyalty.

Unknown Speaker  20:38
Yeah, he got very animated and like, Oh,

Matthias Miller  20:41
okay. Donation.

Matthias Miller  21:01
are getting a little bit about the automation, because we want automation, but we also want you guys to be able to put them back on the auto responder manually. So I wonder, I think basically, what we'll do is, anytime we have a new communication record that is a phone call, or we have a Twitter sale, we add them to those do not contact. So you guys could then manually clear that. And until the next subsequent quote or sailor conversation they would be on the autoresponder maybe more complicated

Matthias Miller  21:53
Oh, yeah, I guess. Here's another thing that could make our lives a little easier. I don't know if there's a way that we can create a hyperlink that would go straight from from the CRM into the Active Campaign contact. But if we could do that thing, that would save you guys a lot of time back and forth.

Unknown Speaker  22:13
Yes, that would.

Matthias Miller  22:18
Let me look into that. And that might be a cheaper short term solution.

Speaker 2  22:23
Even the email that you created already, Matthias where we get notified by insights that has saved a ton of time just clicking the link dragging it to the contact page and making a phone call. has been great. Thanks for setting that up. Yep. We have our ghost guests out of state joining us today. Is it Wayne is on the call with us.

Unknown Speaker  22:53
Yes, it's Wayne. Hi, Wayne.

Unknown Speaker  22:55
How are you?

Speaker 3  22:56
I'm good. I'm just listening to the pros this morning.

Speaker 2  23:01
Oh, No way, man. No way. Where are you? Where are you based out of Indiana. But what part?

Speaker 3  23:08
Yes, we're in Ligonier. Indiana. Okay, awesome. I don't know. Have you ever heard of Shipshewana, Indiana?

Unknown Speaker  23:18
No, sir. I haven't.

Speaker 3  23:20
That's really a tourist attraction. We're close.

Speaker 2  23:25
Okay, Shipshewana? Well, I'm the closest from you from driving distance. I'm in Northeast Ohio near Cleveland. So I could make it probably make a trip down to see that tourist attraction some point time. Yeah. Nice. Well, good to meet you. Yes, well,

Speaker 3  23:49
one thing that really impresses me I can hear you guys all have a smile on your face. That is definitely gonna. I see that is 70% of the sale. Oh, that's awesome. Like if, if I call in and I hear somebody, oh, this is Monday, my SIR is just move on and forget about me. It sounds like everybody's excited. So that fires me up as well.

Unknown Speaker  24:20
Oh, that's great.

Unknown Speaker  24:22
Thank you for saying that.

Speaker 2  24:26
It's funny, you mentioned that ginger. If you're if you've met ginger through, you know, the collaborations between the different companies. She's did a short training with me when I started and Matthias she actually checked in on me on Friday. She was like, how's it going? You doing? Okay, like it was so so nice. And that was one thing she said she was like, you know, keep it up. Make sure that your vocal inflection is really reflective of, you know, a positive attitude. She's like not saying you're not, you know, just prefacing. Like I'm not. I'm not complaining. She's like I've just found that to be very helpful. Overall, it was just so sweet to have some feedback from her as you know, boots on the ground unit every day. You to Wayne, I appreciate that. We'll keep our smiling face our smiling voices

Matthias Miller  25:22
Yeah, we actually wanted to email email Calvin to we're going to be spending Christmas in Goshen. So I'll have to see if I have to see if I can break away from the Thanksgiving festivities if you guys are. And if he doesn't open that weekend to freeze, we would love to be able to drop in and say hi. Absolutely. Got it.

Matthias Miller  25:52
Good, I'm

Speaker 2  25:54
sorry, what's your goal today starting the week, and then I'll share mine just kind of keep each other accountable. No pressure, if you're still kind of going through lists of what to accomplish on Monday,

Speaker 1  26:04
yeah, has been close to follow up on. So I'm definitely going to be hammering in on the 10% off, and a lot of leads to contact this morning. reached out to one of them already, but I have about 14. So really just emphasizing the 10% off and seeing how those conversations go trying to drive that to close the sale.

Speaker 2  26:27
Sounds good. I'm gonna do similar. I think this morning, I'm going to hammer away on my keyboard, and make sure that all of the folks that are in my follow up pipeline, get an email from me primarily because of my sick kiddos in the background. And then when they nap, I'll jump on the phone and hit those phone calls shortly after that. So I definitely want to focus on on Friday, I focused on everyone that was already quoted and made sure they had some type of outreach. So today, I will be a little bit of a colder pipeline conversations, it will be those that are either qualified but not quoted or not yet qualified. So that's kind of my Monday target to hit today. And to reach out to Jonathan and tell him to chill out like Dave's Okay.

Speaker 1  27:28
Back to my guy regarding thing he was wanting, he was looking at two different options for green sky. But just wanted to know if like it would be a hard check. And if it would hit his credit twice if he did two different applications. So just trying to get that information as well to get that over to him because he's really ready by as long as he can get a pretty good interest rate, which look like green sky had better interest rates. He's ready to make that decision. So I did pointed out in my my callback, I emailed Michael about that, but I think who I need to get with is linty or lean. So I reach out to them as well.

Matthias Miller  28:19
So we and is doing so has been so so they're coming back traveling states today, I believe or whatever it is getting their feet on the ground, I believe they'll be back in the office tomorrow. So she's the person to talk to. And this This reminds me of something else somebody was talking about. This is something that has to go through some other place a non conventional lending system that uses demographic data outside of standard credit scores to determine fungibility, which means that you can get personal loans without any any impact on your credit score. And I'm not sure if I'll have to see if I can find what that was.

Speaker 2  29:16
Refer for your client they are they want to apply to two different types of packages. And their main question is, is my credit going to get deemed Weiss? I doing that process? Okay. Yeah. Okay. Because when, when you walk through the green sky app, and I'm still learning, just as only seen the demos of it, I don't even know if you can apply to two different packages in one application, or if it run kind of from A to Z again. Those are things that we want to know from Leanne from a tactical perspective.

Speaker 1  29:58
I know there's there's like 60 different planes, and you have to choose first and then send them over the application. Curious as to if he's able to do that with two different ones. Okay? Just to see he's trying to see if he can get a better interest rate, like with one or the other, because they just rates listed just depending on quality of credit.

Speaker 2  30:24
That's understandable. Let's do ourselves a favor. As we go through anything we discovered Tori, you've done an amazing job of documenting. Whoo, we definitely, we'll want to document that process in detail. Whether we create like an assist wiki page, that's internal notes. Something that we can edit as we come across these findings. So you can be sure of, you know, the financing process. I know that will help me because I think there's a lot of things you kind of bookmark in your memory and I this is one of the ones I don't want to lock in my memory. I want it on paper. Yeah. Oh, gosh. Yeah. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  31:13
Yeah. Cool. Okay.

Matthias Miller  31:25
Good. Anything else?

Speaker 2  31:32
Good. Oh, it's Michael in the office. Just he's accessible today. Just not on the call.

Matthias Miller  31:41
I got an email from him this morning. So Okay. Cool. Wait, I don't know if you've already built in his availability. But

Speaker 3  31:53
yeah, yes. I have a call with him as well. So I'm pretty sure he's in the office. I'm guessing he's busy right now. So

Unknown Speaker  32:01
I'm fine. We'll just go on with all our questions individually.

Unknown Speaker  32:08
Absolutely.

Unknown Speaker  32:11
I'm gonna get going you guys have a wonderful morning.

Unknown Speaker  32:14
Yeah, yep. Hi,

Unknown Speaker  32:17
bye bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai