Unknown Speaker  02:07
Hello. Hey, how's it going? Good How you doing? All right.

Unknown Speaker  02:20
Can you hear my Hayfield sprinklers in the background?

Unknown Speaker  02:25
No, not really. I mean, your your quality is not your your quality is not super great, but I can't hear any background noise.

Unknown Speaker  02:45
Let me take the phone out of the

Unknown Speaker  02:51
case. if that helps.

Unknown Speaker  03:03
Did that change it at all? Yeah, I think it did. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  03:14
Perhaps that is part of it.

Unknown Speaker  04:41
Oh, you don't know. Didn't

Unknown Speaker  04:47
do pretty good. Yes.

Unknown Speaker  04:50
You're done for for a little while. So it's good to be back. But

Unknown Speaker  04:55
hold on, guys. Hey, how's it going?

Unknown Speaker  05:00
Are you doing?

Unknown Speaker  05:01
Okay, can you hear me? Okay? Yeah.

Speaker 1  05:07
So I'm not gonna lie. There's a thunderstorm here. My dogs my bark.

Unknown Speaker  05:13
As they always do, yes.

Unknown Speaker  05:17
Part of part of winning remote.

Unknown Speaker  05:20
How are you? Good, good. Good. Good. Good.

Unknown Speaker  05:25
Matthias, how are you?

Unknown Speaker  05:27
I'm doing well. Good.

Unknown Speaker  05:31
How about you? How you doing?

Speaker 1  05:33
I am just peachy keen, no complaints.

Speaker 2  05:37
Hey, I've seen all the posting the stuff you've been posting on the upper arc? Facebook page is awesome. And like I said, I think we need a session at the q3 meeting. Remember how you did the data, the demographics data last year?

Unknown Speaker  05:56
Yeah.

Speaker 2  05:58
I think if you do one, those those types of topics that you're posting on there, about remote workers and, you know, remote were not just jobs, but good jobs that are that are whatever the title of those were, I think something on the trend towards role the trend towards remote worker. You know, just even remember how Joe did is he had a bunch of slides that they had kind of one data point on each slide. You know, just like 10 or 15 of those with AP point, the newspaper article or the study that you're referencing, and then speak to each one of them and kind of go go through why this is such an important trend for rural Colorado. I think that would be a great thing for q3.

Speaker 1  06:45
Okay, perfect. I will do that. Do you know when the q3 meeting is?

Speaker 2  06:51
Right now it's tentatively scheduled for this third. I believe it's the third Friday of September. Nice check the dates. Yes. The Friday after Denver Startup Week.

Unknown Speaker  07:04
We may push it out a week. Thursday. The 20th. December 20.

Unknown Speaker  07:12
Perfect. Friday, September 20. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  07:16
For you and Sam. Matthias. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  07:21
Yay. You guys, we missed you.

Speaker 1  07:30
We did have a I had a melter. It was great.

Unknown Speaker  07:36
It was it was really good. It was good. It was amazing. It was a really good time.

Unknown Speaker  07:42
Yeah. Get it all out of your system, you know, I know,

Speaker 2  07:49
you know, what just occurred to me might be cool for you to set up. If we do it at the same place. Again, free months Center for the Arts. Get your video casting gear setup. Like we can move your background over, find another place for you to stick because plenty of cool art walls there. And we're going to have everybody from soup to nuts there. If you want to do like back to back interviews with the Senior Director of the guy who runs the internship program for Denver Public Schools, Workforce Center people. We could even tell them beforehand. You know, we want to do a 10 minute interview with you. Here's a couple of questions. It's going to be informal, but just here's a little bit of structured questions, because I love the stuff that you did for the nonprofit disruptor event that you've been posting?

Unknown Speaker  08:38
Yep. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  08:41
Cool. No, that'd be awesome.

Unknown Speaker  08:45
That'd be wouldn't be Wouldn't it be great to get a good feeder of podcast? One day you knock him out? You get? You get all kinds of stuff. Yeah.

Speaker 2  08:54
Yeah, you know, we had a system when we first started. And unfortunately, our first generally I mean, the system was, we would do the audio on one cell phone with a lapel mic, and we would do the video on another cell phone, and then we'd have an intern sync them up on something easy, like Garage Band. And since the interns are no longer focused on that, I think Jason's tried 20 different things. And other people have tried stuff to make it simple. And it's like they keep making it more, the more they simplify it harder and get. Like they're using the what's the what's the camera that you buy when you're an outdoor enthusiast?

Unknown Speaker  09:36
Yeah, right. So we got to go pro.

Speaker 2  09:40
It dies in the middle of the black battery doesn't last it does the recordings in 10 minutes segments, and you have to sync them together. But for some reason, there's like a weird overlap. So you can't just stitch them together. You have to sync them.

Unknown Speaker  09:56
No Audio. So the thing is, we're technically failing.

Speaker 2  10:01
Yeah. So so like, nobody wants to tie their cell phones up for two hours. And I said, Well, why don't you guys just tell me what you need. I'll go on eBay and buy a used iPhone and we won't get service for it will just use it to do audio recording or whatever. Right. But we need a we need a simpler system. And Matthias I know you've got something set up in your office. But But anyway, sorry, I just went off on pOH brainstorming and this is your guys call and I will stop talking now.

Speaker 1  10:33
No, listen, there's so much to do. We totally get it. So listen, just real quick before we start. If Brad, if you could get me Chris's information, just his email address. And Matthias we need to do Chris's, our first first interview outside of red. And I was hoping I don't know what your schedule is like next week, but I was hoping we might be able to schedule it for next week. But, and I can coordinate that through email with with you and Chris, if you'd like.

Speaker 2  11:06
But I just don't have you know, versus actually I think he's actually in Alaska for two weeks.

Unknown Speaker  11:13
Okay,

Unknown Speaker  11:14
so did we have someone else?

Unknown Speaker  11:17
Will you want to stand?

Unknown Speaker  11:21
He's in Mexico this week.

Unknown Speaker  11:26
Who was that guy we met in Woodland Park. You You mentioned he might be a podcast candidate. Oh, yeah.

Speaker 2  11:32
Oh, the guy we met in within Park because there's an obviously in Woodland Park Blair, but he was in Amsterdam. And I think he's back. So Ashley, he was on your list. Last year. He was the guy who was going to move to a tiny house from Colorado Springs to Woodland Park. And he actually did move to the tiny house. And that's the one Christy and I stayed at that I posted on Facebook.

Unknown Speaker  11:55
Beautiful.

Unknown Speaker  11:57
Yeah, so he's an option.

Unknown Speaker  12:01
Okay,

Speaker 2  12:03
who else do we have? That's just kind of would be kind of easy. Grab a Gregory Carlson. I mean, if we if we want to have? Yeah, let's do right. I mean, Gregory's he you know he's very passionate speaker when he talks about political at the last meeting. Oh, he did great. Yeah. And I he's not somebody who moved remote. He's already he's always kind of lived remote. But I think he went to school. You know, he's left Canyon and gone to school. And he's traveled extensively, but he continues to keep Canyon his home. So that would be kind of the focus. Right? He didn't I don't think you went and lived in Denver for 30 years and came back, but he's been everywhere and decided to

Unknown Speaker  12:45
a canyon.

Speaker 1  12:48
Okay. Yeah. What do you think about that Matthias to start with Gregory and then hopefully we can get Christian stand slotted? The reason is, I'm kind of you know, I put it I put it up rough deadline on you know, having so i Matthias, you're probably going to kill me. I said we'd have 14 or 15 done by December. Which was probably not as realistic as I hope it could be. But I really, you know, I just hope we can, you know, at least get three up soon. You know, I'm waiting to see.

Unknown Speaker  13:21
Yeah, I think the big lesson is, is let's have I mean, if we would have five or six in the pipeline so that we can get them scheduled out. And

Speaker 2  13:30
go, yeah, that that's the that's the challenge because we're coordinating so many people's schedules. So you know, what, if we do like 10 minute ones, instead of a longer format we're trying to do last year, I think you can bang them out maybe? No, just a little short 10 to 15 minutes. And I just wrote down. Lydia opal. Jeannie. The list. Lydia is a writer who used to write for NPR and when vision and she's lived up in Guffey for a long time. So she's got a place out in the middle of nowhere and GFI and she coming in a big town is coming back to canon for her. So she might be interesting opal. opal masters is like our online retail specialist for an LED lighting company. So she lives remote and Canyon, right? She can live anywhere because he basically reps for this lighting company. So why does she choose a live in Canyon then Jeannie Keller does some kind of middleware for a financial services company. And I think she's lived in Canada in for like eight years. And she's worked out of the house and just got an office a texter. So you could even do a women entrepreneurial theme.

Unknown Speaker  14:46
Okay.

Speaker 2  14:48
And even when it's not work, or Gregory, or whatever, but I'll send you all these because I think all these people would eventually be good to be on the list somewhere and you guys can prioritize them.

Speaker 1  14:59
Yeah, cuz I don't think we have much worse going to now we do. So that's fantastic. And just solidify them in and you know, kind of work work together and get them through. Okay, so um, Matthias, you want to kick this off? Or how do you want to kind of want to do this?

Unknown Speaker  15:17
with Mr. Mr. Rolling? famous Mr. Roloson?

Speaker 2  15:21
Oh, you guys. Were you want to interview me tonight? Am I on officially?

Unknown Speaker  15:27
We're recording

Unknown Speaker  15:31
this element of surprise. It's your night Brad.

Speaker 2  15:35
element is surprised. How am I doing so far? Great.

Unknown Speaker  15:42
Hey, we have a name for this is this is just like the the for Arkansas Tech sector podcast? Is this the the

Unknown Speaker  15:50
upper Arkansas Tech start podcast just a DC tech start? What is this thing?

Speaker 1  15:56
So it's going to be the upper arc TechStars in the end got like a little voiceover? He does.

Unknown Speaker  16:03
Okay.

Speaker 1  16:06
Yeah. And what we do is when we send it to him, we tell them we started recording here. And there's some problems at about 10 minutes in when everything comes back. He cuts it. And then usually there's lots of laughter that breaks out in the middle of us. But anyway, in then he'll do his voiceover. And then while we were calling this and Matthias, I did this without you. So I hope you're okay with it. But we're calling this the, the journey series. And temporary like it's so it's it's the hashtag journey to be. Because we're kind of talking about, you know, how we got here. So that's what we're calling it. And I know, I know, we wanted to kind of, well, I'll let you kick it off. And then we'll just go from there. How's that? Sounds good. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  16:57
Welcome to the show. We're excited today to have Brian Roland on the show today. Welcome, Brad.

Unknown Speaker  17:03
Thanks, guys.

Speaker 2  17:06
And also co host ash. So glad glad to have all of us together here. And I wanted to spend some time talking about the journey that brought us here. And Brad, it wasn't that long ago when this whole idea of rural tech was just kind of a

Unknown Speaker  17:24
kind of a glimmer of hope, to talk briefly about, about what that first glimmer of hope look like, and maybe briefly fill us in a little bit about about the journey from from there to here.

Speaker 2  17:37
Yeah, thanks, Matthias. So I've been out in Colorado for about five years, left San Jose, and moved out not just to Colorado, but to rural Colorado, and was thinking that I would not be able to continue my tech career out here, since we're in a small town of 15,000, and a county of 45,000, with no tech companies. And you guys know the story. But right now, after I got here, I got contacted by some friends out of state start another startup, which we did, I ran marketing from here. And after five years, we sold that to a very large software company based in Seattle. So for me, the first glimmer of hope was that opportunity that came up. And it really helped me start to look at rural Colorado in a different way that the software industry's changed so much in the last 25 years that I've been in it. That really, you don't need to necessarily be in a specific place. You know, you need good bandwidth and great coffee. So we've got plenty of that out here in Canada city. So I think, you know, the first thing for me was about two and a half years ago, when you and I started working together Matthias and a couple of other people joined in and we said, Hey, we're there's already several remote tech people here. Let's start a co working facility and see how many of them we can find.

Unknown Speaker  18:58
Yeah, that's right. It was surprising to discover how many of them there actually were. Now you. So it's easy to look at what we've got now. And, and we see the CO working space, we see the people who've come together, we've we've seen the tech, the tech sector partnership. But this hasn't exactly been an easy straight line from from there to here to talk a little bit about some of the challenges that that

Unknown Speaker  19:26
the battles we've had to face. And

Unknown Speaker  19:29
what are some of the battles we've had to had to fight on the on the way from,

Unknown Speaker  19:34
from that first job offer, and the first idea of maybe getting some of these techies together to where we're?

Speaker 2  19:41
Yeah, so when we opened up the CO working space, I think we had co working common area, but we had like 23 or 24, small sweets like 12 by 12 sweets, and we filled those up pretty quickly. And we've kept them full and had a waiting list ever since. So we've had good success there. But I think one of the challenges with was you know, we listened to maybe some people in other rural areas that said kind of find, find the theme or find the heritage of your area and see if if it's something you can build on. And I don't think we found that yet. I think everybody in the 24 suites all have different completely different kinds of tech this this this in tech focus. So that was one interesting thing. The other was, even for those of us in tech, I think it took us a while to for even us to see that we could do you know, virtualized highly distributed tech jobs successfully and kind of turn that into a thing. So changing kind of our own culture. And then the culture within the community. I remember some of the first reactions of people, you know, thinking it was funny that we'd be able to do tech stuff here. And that changed pretty quickly, maybe over six to six to nine months. But I think cold rule changes are always harder than anything else.

Speaker 1  21:06
I think Brad, to your point about about the offices that kind of got rented and the group of people that are part of the TechStars in Fremont, for example, and also saliva. I think, I think what we get a lot about, you know, what's so unique about what what you're doing in Fremont with a for our tech sectors about what SEDF EDC TechStars about, etc, is that, and we mentioned this briefly in our q2 meeting is that we're industry agnostic, but there's a there's an ita technology and I think perhaps that's what's kind of spurring the growth is the sky's the limit, kind of with this group, we have going where we've got people from every every single different industry you can think of from biosensors to you know, feedback to people like braver you know, to people like me blockchains people like Matthias and people like in those types of businesses where we're at, there's a heavy concentration in technology, however, it's industry agnostic, and that kind of seems to be the melting pot of the bond that this group has. Do you agree?

Speaker 2  22:18
Yeah, I think it was really surprising to me that everybody was so different. You were going through the list. And I was thinking of Luke jabber, Nick, PhD, who focuses on river science stuff with Arduino and drones, and, you know, big, big data in the Amazon cloud. Just things that we really were not expecting to find in such a little context. So totally agree. Yeah. That's very true. So I'm curious. Brad was was there a moment? Kind of after the smile, the last the maybe the naysayers, sometimes? Was there a moment that you can remember when you kind of saw the tide? start to shift on the on the culture? That's a really good question. I remember a couple of key moments, getting some of the local community leaders to walk upstairs and tour the CO working facility. And you could really see once they could see people actually doing the work, you know, because when you say, distributed software, tech people, you know, it's pretty nebulous, but when you walk into a building, and you see offices filled with people, and you can, you know, they can each explain what they're doing. It's a lot more tangible. And I just remember walking through a bunch of community leaders giving them the first tour of TechStars. And it just clicked. And I think the cool thing I saw there was no, it went from skepticism to pride. They, they were very proud that we had kind of this demographic in our in our community. And that it was something that would be such a good so with the dogs barking, I guess the storm has now hit Ashley's part of town.

Unknown Speaker  24:07
among you.

Speaker 2  24:12
Yeah, so that was one of them, Matthias. And then the other one, I think was one we were awarded the P tech grant for our high school and pizza tech is a grant where our high school students get two years of free college. And out of 199 years school districts in Colorado State, there have been three awarded, we won the fourth and we want the only rural p tech grant out of all of the states participating in the P tech program. So I think that was such an unexpected win, that help people understand our small size, you know, things that had been seen as negatives and challenges were actually positives are small size allowed us to build something completely different for a tech internship program for students. And it really wasn't a disadvantage, it allowed us to do like that unique one on one training like PhD river scientists can work with a high school class, right? Something can't necessarily get in a big city environment. So I think we've had a couple of key milestones that have really helped the local community change, change the way they work, and then come full circle and be extremely supportive and helping us to build this.

Speaker 1  25:22
Also, Brad, you know, I believe, Linda, who, who was involved a little bit with public community college, I believe, she was saying that we have a lot where the furthest West and only Western p tech awarded community is that correct?

Speaker 2  25:41
Probably when the is stays pretty in touch with that, with that program. You know, and the P tech program had historically been awarded in larger cities where there were larger tech companies that could do the internships with high school students. So our proposal was totally different. We didn't have one big company, we had a bunch of very small companies or individual workers that all in one building under the TechStars. umbrella. Right. So that was just a completely different way of looking at, you know, looking at how to do the program. And, Brad, I know, you've talked about this too, but but for those who aren't familiar, one of the one of the big differences is simply the the hands on nature of these internship programs. And so instead of these students sitting in a classroom going through some kind of program with, from from corporate, they're actually getting field experience, and hands on close interaction with people who are doing the day to day work. Yeah, so as Ashley said, you know, pretty much everybody in our co working facility, and then throughout the whole, the whole region, there's such a variety of different kinds of tech companies that we're in, and then just different, you know, different roles, right? Even if you say people are coders, there's such a range of, you know, what languages they code in what unit they code in the same language, what's their background? What are they using? What are they coding for? Right, so instead of taking a roomful of interns and having them go through kind of the same standard, you know, coding program right there sitting down working with a developer who's creating an online learning system for GD math prep, right, where they're going with a PhD river scientists out to a river, that's the site of one of the largest fires in you know, in Colorado State. And they're working on that watershed recovery, with Arduino based water sensors and drone, right taking live data sampling. So instead of just playing with technology in a lab, they're, they're getting a chance to build the stuff and take it out into a real world context and see how it works. And I didn't have anything like that when I was in high school, you know, I think is an amazing opportunity for kids. Now sitting in a room, big room with, you know, going through the same coding program, that's a great opportunity to, and when we get to the right size, or we get the right resources, we may look at implementing those types of programs. But right now, we have a lot of very dedicated and generous small businesses that want to volunteer their time to train the kids on, you know, their particular tech discipline.

Speaker 1  28:27
Well, and I think if I just interject real quick, I think that that is one of also one of the most unique things about this group of entrepreneurs, you know, reinvesting in the community. It's one thing to academically, bring a group of students together in the classroom, teach them some coding skills, etc. Right, you set them down one specific track, but what what we're doing here is offering real world experience and there are very few programs out there in the country today that will actually allow these kids the ability to say, okay, we did we did the statistics, we did, you know, statistician, you know, put down the calculators and said, Okay, let's, let's go see, let's go look and see and apply this to the real world takes the big data, and go take a random sample. And I think that is the most unique thing about our program. And how many people just working in data science or, or big data, for example, even have an opportunity to do that. I mean, there's so few times where when you look at computer science, or anything in programming, where you actually get to see the products work in the field. So it really is a one of a kind opportunity I don't. I've searched and searched for a program like this, that that's comparable. And they're just as I have I've come up short.

Speaker 2  29:48
Yeah, and I think time and time again, we've heard to the technical skills are one thing, you find the kids that have the technical aptitude and put them through a training program, but the soft skills, how to work as a team, how to understand how technology supports a business objective, right? Those are all things that are really hard for people to learn outside of actually just working in the environment. So if I'm running a program, yeah, so if I'm an intern, I'm sitting down with Matthias on the phone here, and he's talking to a customer outlining the objectives. You know, what you don't just want software custom software develop? What is the business problem that you're trying to solve? And sitting next to Matthias, as he works with the customer and asks the right questions and explores how, what are the business goals. And then he goes back with his team and writes up a design specification, you know, how to help the team achieve those goals with technology. That's something that you don't get from an online video or reading a book. Now, you just have to do it. And you have to see people who are really adept at doing it. Those are the best people to learn from. Yeah, I think I think Brad, you touched on something very important earlier to you. You mentioned the low generosity in this group. And I think when you're talking about soft skills, I think that's, that's another kind of X factor that is,

Unknown Speaker  31:10
of this group here is there's a high level of generosity. And there's something about

Speaker 2  31:19
think maybe, maybe about rural communities, maybe maybe about the upper Arkansas region, but we've seen a lot of generosity, with with people working with other people. And being able to be in a tech environment where that's,

Unknown Speaker  31:35
that's such a high value, I think, is an incredible opportunity.

Speaker 2  31:40
Yeah, and I, you know, I can't speak for all rural communities, there's a lot of rural incubation going on around the country. But I know in our area in our region, the people who have kind of come together on this project, they could live anywhere in the country, big city, small city, they could live globally and be successful. And a lot of them have already had lot of personal, you know, financial success. And they are choosing to live in a rural context for a wide variety of reasons. But what the theme we've seen is, they love giving back, they love being they missed being a part of a community when they were in a larger city, they love being part of a community, they love giving back passing on those skills. A lot of them have just come to a point in their life where their own success is based on seeing their neighbors succeed, and their neighbors can be able to be successful. And it's, I think it's an amazing thing I have yet to have somebody asked me, Why should you know what's, what's this program going to do for my personal business? You know, I mean, we you guys see it all the time, at the meetings we have people join in, they're like, hey, when can I get an intern to start training? by you know, it's gonna take time away from their business, and they, you know, they're small business entrepreneurial environment. And it's like, the first thing that they want to do is how can they jumped in and connect and help grow a healthier, more prosperous community? And I love that?

Speaker 1  33:06
I definitely, I definitely think that the true about this group, it's, it's probably the most I want, I want to say it's a group of people that have going concern for each other for for the businesses and for the community. And it really is unique, just watching watching everybody work together. And, you know, just even even if one company fall short, in one area, there is somebody in this group that reaches out. And there's an intern that steps up. I mean, just the other meeting, there was an intern that came and asked me to, if he could help start editing the podcast, you know, just just ready to help ready to fly with it. Right. So he thought I didn't do that. I said, I don't know. Yeah, lovely Ian, and it deals with us. And so I was, but if, you know, if this community, this group is just really a group of people that want to give back and just want to see this grow. And that is so unique. It really is.

Speaker 2  34:08
Yeah, I love it. Yeah. And I think, you know, I remember big my tech career in larger, larger towns, much larger towns. And I think at heart, so many of the people that I worked with, really wanted to do that they wanted to help, they wanted to, you know, apprentice and intern and they wanted to help other other people grow in their career, but maybe the pressure to pay their mortgage or the pressure with a two hour commute, right, there's a lot of demands on your time and energy and resources, when you're in a larger Metro environment. So maybe it's not all that unique to this group, maybe it's some latent, you know, desire within most of us, that's just easier to realize in this in this kind of setting. So, and I think that's a good mystery to explore. Right? Just to see how transformational, you know, this, this kind of work environment could be for anybody.

Unknown Speaker  35:12
Yeah. Yeah, that's, that's, I think that's a really good point, Brad.

Unknown Speaker  35:18
Good point.

Speaker 2  35:20
I mean, I'll tell you, my, you know, it sounds kind of silly, but our biggest worry was, there was no Starbucks or Whole Foods when we moved here, you know, and and how, how would we survive, we had to drive like 45 minutes to go to the big city to find, you know, natural grocers or something. And what we found instead was the nourishment that we got by being able to plug into a community and, you know, live in a transformational outdoor, you know, lifestyle, not spend two hours a day commuting. Those things were far more valuable. And now we do have a Starbucks. So you know, we win on both sides. Right?

Unknown Speaker  36:03
Yeah. What I think what you're seeing is, Oh, go ahead. And Matthias.

Speaker 1  36:09
I was just gonna say, I think what you're seeing is, you know, to your point is, is a broader, a broader sense, as a group of people choosing a different way of going after their passion. And, you know, technology is so, so competitive, right? I mean, we've all, we've all worked 120 hours a day, in 24 hours, we've all done that, you know, five years straight with no vacation type situation, and we do it, we do it, because we're technologists, we do it because we love it. Right. But on the other on the other spectrum of it, and what what I think this group is allowing us to do in this movement that we're seeing, and and I think what we're seeing is we're choosing not to burn ourselves the same way that we used to, we've chosen a different way to kind of apply ourselves and I think we, because I'm, I'm one of visual workers, but I I think, I think, you know, in large part, you know, Brad, you can relate to that, Matthias, you can as well, as, you know, we've all decided that, you know, we could we could go be a stranger in some larger city, but we can contribute a verse here, and, and it feel a connection that we lost, and, you know, kind of in the middle, and I think, I think maybe that's kind of what's what's reviving us today. And, and allowing us to kind of keep the momentum going, because this, this group has grown so organically, and with not much advertising, not much. Not much national attention. But on the on the other side, our entrepreneurs have gone and done amazing things. And it's because they're this connection, so strong, right? And these people have chosen they want to be here. They're not here. They're here because they believe in a better lifestyle. And I think, you know, I weren't calling that out, because this is a kind of a little more micro micro chasm of movement, where people people said, No, you know, we're not just going to breeze by our neighbors and not know them, we're going to stop and be connected. Right. And I think, I think we benefit from that together.

Speaker 2  38:17
Yeah, I think the majority of people living in a large city do not feel plugged in and do not feel like they have any impact, you know, they don't feel like they can go to a city council meeting and change the shape of the community that they that they live in. And in a smaller, more rural environment. You know, you, you can go run for city council, right, there's just a lot more opportunity to be impactful. And just, you made me think of something, Ashley, that I'm just really passionate about. I think when we first started doing this really economic development, there's just this kind of sense that, you know, rural communities are looking for a handout, and please send us your industries that not no one else wants in a big city. And we start to look around, we're like, you know, it's like 35 to 50%, cheaper to live here, it's a one hour drive back to the larger cities, we have high speed bandwidth, we have very, very affordable buildings, you know, call center assets, co working facilities, we are building a tech ready labor force from the high school in the community college. And we've got a bunch of seasoned tech people who have already found it kind of on their own. To me, that sounds like a strategic asset to build for someone else's business. Right? If you can build a labor force, the talented labor force, 35% cheaper, that's in the same state, same time zone, hour away from your corporate office. That's not a group of people needing a handout, that's a strategic asset, that other people have not figured out how to, you know, how to put together so that's super exciting for me, Colorado has been leading the country in tech for, you know, for a long time, and how do you continue to lead there, you know, you can't pay everybody 300 k salaries to live in, in Boulder, you know, you need secondary, lower paying jobs to support those companies. And we can do that in state in some beautiful rural regions in the mountain area, that are a two hour drive, right, which is a, you know, just a long commute in the Bay Area. Right. So that's super exciting to me is how do we put that together, and you one big ecosystem statewide with different centers of excellence. And, you know, the rural ones, can be very low turnover, very low cost of labor. I mean, they just have a lot to offer from a strategic perspective.

Unknown Speaker  40:43
And we shouldn't forget to associate them there's monetary value with the ability to ride your bike to work or to go mountain climbing on the weekends. Just the ability to to recharge creative juices very quickly, in this type of environment.

Speaker 2  41:00
Yeah, I think I read an article that said, you know, when you're when men are over the age of 40, they're more productive if they only work four days a week, and I'm, I've been trying to find a company to give me that deal. And no one I'm going. But you know, if I still have five days a week, I actually I love working, you know, I was so burnt out on tech, when I left the Bay Area, I thought, you know, hey, text, not for me anymore. But the truth is, I love what I do, I love tech, I just needed the right kind of, you know, work life balances, really speaks to it properly.

Unknown Speaker  41:35
But I needed stuff that was more

Speaker 2  41:38
purpose oriented, and where I can ride my bike to work and where I can take the day off if I want to, because my financial pressures are less, where I can have an immediate impact on the lives of some high school interns. You know, and when I'm living that, it feels like I can work six, seven days a week, it's a completely different kind of thank, you know, what, and for you, this has been an incredibly personal journey. And I'm curious if you'd be willing to share a little bit about some of your your health challenges when you move to Colorado? And what what has this? How has this impacted you personally, because I know it's making an impact for you. Yeah, well, now, it would be hard to say no to that question. But Sure, I'd be happy to. So I, you know, I'd lived in the Bay Area for about 15 years, and was going through some pretty dramatic health stuff, and, you know, had been referred to some of the best university health care systems in the in the world are there in the Bay Area. So I had very, very good doctors working on my health. And one particular treatment plan for me would have involved taking a lot of medical medication that sounded kind of scary, had a lot of potentially bad side effects, and wouldn't necessarily make me better. Right. So making a decision to come out to rural Colorado. It was more like there were there was big financial side of it, like would this allow us to just live more cheaply and not have the same kind of pressure, but what happened was getting out here, being able to get the rest, the sunlight, the exercise, the good quality food, you know, we got signed up for local Co Op, so we got fresh organic food, we were able to buy grass fed beef in bulk. Right? In and really the lifestyle over about two years, dramatically restored, you know, restored my health and hopefully will continue to. So when you when you talk about a personal, you know, personal journey, I felt like I had lost a big chunk of my of my life. Because of my career, I made career decisions to gut and working environment where I might work to 1214 hours a day easily, I might be traveling 50 to 75% of the time, and you just do that. And then you get sucked into that lifestyle, and then you have to do that. Right. But it takes it takes a toll. And maybe it doesn't take a toll on everybody. It definitely took a toll on me. And I saw take a toll on a lot of other people. And I think it's just it's not one of those things where you have to do it that way. I think when I lived in the Bay Area, I just didn't even consider that there would be an alternative. So you know, the opportunity that like me actually have my health and a good quality of life and be in tech, and be plugged into a community like, wow, you know, what more? Could you ask for a dream life, right. And that's why we're so excited about it. And that's why we love telling other people recruiting and then we can't stop talking about it. We have super high energy because it's awesome. And you know, if you want to go spend the day in San Francisco, now you have the extra cast to play out there and right. It's not like you're making a permanent commitment to you know, to leave the big. The big city, ours is an hour and a half, two hour drive. Right.

Unknown Speaker  45:19
So, so we've talked a lot about about some of the early beginnings, some of some of your journey here, here. Here's well, but I'm curious. I mean, we've had a lot of incredible things happen, even in the last, say, six months or so. Brad, I'm curious. I'm curious if you want to highlight some of those, some of those wins that we've had.

Speaker 2  45:42
Yeah, so we got recognition by the state of Colorado, to the Office of Economic Development and international trade Colorado Workforce Development Center, we are now recognized as the state's second technology sector. So the first is Denver, and the third is Boulder. And the second is very rural college, Rado, out in the upper Arkansas River area. Yeah, and the idea is not to compete with those larger cities, the idea is build a blueprint, where tech and innovation sector businesses help with you know, economic development and rural communities. So it's finding the right size, the right fit the right types of companies, the right business models to revitalize the the small towns up along the Arkansas River quarter. And we're having great success with that, and great fun. And I think just when we say that when we go to the larger cities, and we go to trade shows, and we say upper our tech sector and respected in the state, I think just that makes people think completely differently about what's possible today in a rural context. We had that when we had the P tech grant, you know, so forth in the state. And I think this year, we're targeting 49 students from our high school to be in that seat. If you think about 49 students in a rural environment, being able to get two years of free college. You know, that's life changing for 49 families, right. So we had that we had, you know, one of our companies bought by a very, very large software company. That was a great win. We had one of our companies picked up by the hacks accelerator out of China. So that's Brock, because amazing.

Speaker 2  47:29
Yeah, called braver and he's got a patented sensor that helps people with bruxism. So he he and his team are actually in China as we speak for four months working on their getting kind of their MBA and manufacturing, so to speak. We had Dr. Luke Javon and jabber next setup is watershed restoration nonprofit called river science. You know, he he is an award, a European Union award winning PhD and to have him here with his heart to plug in and contribute to the community. We've just had so many wins, I think this year, one of the big game changers was the unbridled company coming down from Denver to start to make an investment in our historical buildings on Main Street. Their, you know, their mission statement is restoring people and places, and they love this town. And they just have a heart to restore, like the historic St. Cloud hotel. And they totally by the vision of CO working and remote tech workers, you know, they have a lot of people working up in the Denver area, and they pay really well they treat their employees really well. But Denver is so expensive. They have a lot of people that just can't, you know, afford a great lifestyle living right up in the heart of Denver. So having a company of that size, make an investment down here is huge. What else do we do this is we went up to the Cadillac campus based symposium.

Speaker 1  49:06
You've got, you know, I was second to 61 came out with their call center, right?

Speaker 2  49:14
That's right, we had second 61 launch a outsourced call center for the army. So they do tier one technical support. And that, you know, that required prospects to have a plus certification, and I think it's secret level clearance. And I think some of them have met plus, right, so it's a small call center right now, but actually, you know, the people who put that together, and Chris Cohen, leading that project, getting the building, getting the network setup, getting the the, the right type of people in and trained, getting the approval to do the project from here, basically, all of the major obstacles have been overcome. And now we can focus on growing that call center to a larger size, and then we can focus on doing more distributed call centers like that throughout the other small town. So, you know, instead of having one big call center with 1000 people, if you have 10, small call centers with 100 people, if any one of them goes down or offline or whatever, right, you have a resiliency that is yet again, another strategic strategic asset, right. So, you know, as we start to build this out, we have so much value that we can offer back to like the i 25, corridor up through, you know, through Colorado through the business district. And that's right. And I think it's important to note that, that we're kind of entering this new phase where, you know, we started with this kind of conceptual idea what this might look like, and we were actually being able to build out some of these models of like, here's, here's a business that replicates that can be replicated with what what is possible in world tech.

Unknown Speaker  51:00
Yeah, absolutely.

Speaker 1  51:02
I think I think the million dollar question for you, Brad is, you know, I got involved with the, with the partnership of probably just just over a year ago, right. And, you know, I think I think just any year, the tone of the projects we're working on is much different. I think the discussions that we're having have grown quite a bit. But my question for you is, you know, now that now that this vision is kind of coming to life a little bit, how do you feel about it, when you talk about it?

Speaker 2  51:40
So we did this event, last year at the Florence high school called dream big, and it sponsored, I believe, through the governor's office. And basically, it was a mini trade show a stem based trade show for the high school students, and they 220 of them came in on their day off. And, you know, they're the NSA had a booth bawling engineering had a booth, there was a whole like little Expo booth area, there were 3d printing teams, there were professional pilots, there was a inflatable planetarium. The students could come in and talk to professionals in the STEM field, that, you know, the students could be in those jobs 510 years from now. So they basically got to meet their future selves. And that was a game changer for many students. And that event was called dream big. And we started saying was, had we known like a year or two ago that we could have accomplished this. We should, you know, dream bigger, right? So many amazing things that happened over the last year or two. And I think we really have started to find our way we were first trying to prove whether or not we could do anything, what is there anything here. And as we've moved forward, I think there's a much clearer vision shaping itself for what's possible in the real context. And it's, you know, it's not handout, it's being a strategic asset for larger companies in the I 25. Tech corridor and around the state and around the country. And it's about providing a community environment for entrepreneurs to come build a startup and be a successful tech entrepreneur without giving up their health in their life. Right. It's about being able to use your talents to give pour back into a community to really have an impact beneficial impact on the lives of people around you. And it's, it's stuff that has come to fruition just as we moved forward. And I think that's what's really exciting is that we didn't start off with a really great plan or any plan, we just kind of started doing it and this plan is emerged. And it feels very organic. And it feels very sustainable. And it feels like it has a lot of headroom to continue growing. And not to try to make rural Colorado into into Denver, Colorado Springs. But to find out what is the best rural Colorado can be how can we contribute to you helping this place find its own excellence and its own voice, right? in its own destiny and purpose, and it's just really exciting to be a part of it?

Unknown Speaker  54:12
I couldn't put it better myself.

Unknown Speaker  54:16
The mail choked up, you guys.

Speaker 2  54:22
I'm thinking of the ripple effect on other rural communities. Because as a whole, I see a lot of people kind of shaking their heads about from a rural community, what's what's the potential here. But imagine, imagine the shift that could happen with with more rural communities picking up on what is unique to them, what's what's their own unique kind of destiny, and how can they incorporate tech into into what they're doing. And now, just to see people even around here, lift their heads up a little higher. Because of what's happening, it's, it's amazing to see, yeah, the rural communities are awesome, so different, if you just look at Colorado, from Mountain towns to river towns to like high desert to out in the eastern part of Colorado, where it's more agricultural focus. And you don't need a lot of tech income to economically revitalize those, those communities, if you need 100 hundred 5200 people to you know, to really make a noticeable impact. You can find 200 people who want to live in an agricultural community and do tech, you can find 200 people who want to live near a river or out by the great sand dunes. That's not a lot of people, you know, to to pull out of San Francisco or Austin or San Jose people who are just really generally dissatisfied with their quality of life, or they're just ready for they're ready for a change. They can contribute to those rural areas and then contribute back to the larger metro areas. Like I think we have a future and helping Colorado Springs we strategic asset to their business plan right.

Speaker 1  56:03
Now, I think I think he couldn't have put it better, Brad, specifically, and I just want to hone in on this one more time, I really believe that it needs to be called out what what this program is doing and how it's grown organically. We're not forcing anyone business or anyone, entrepreneur, anyone intern, we're not forcing any group of people down any certain track. And I think that that is what is is so interesting, and how you how you build something for sustainability. We're not saying everybody go learn Java coding, or we're not saying everybody learn data science, we're not saying everybody become a scientist, you know, assess that Titian, we're not we're not telling anybody to be any one thing. And I think that is the the, how this will sustain itself. And and I think he's proven that just, and I say we've all proven him. But we've seen that growth into two years, just in the amount of students coming into work on different projects. We're not we're industry agnostic, but also, and then that's so interesting. And you as the leader of this group, I think you can call it out the best. And that is, you know, it's not forcing someone to be any one thing. You know, it's embracing it's embracing culture as it is today and saying, How do you achieve that life work balance in a really different different world, we have a digital world, and we have a, you know, a real world. And I think this is one of the few innovation tech technology sectors that actually marries those two really difficult subjects. Because we're not saying, hey, go learn how to program an app, or, you know, be completely mobile or, you know, you know, we're not even focused on much on connectivity, it's not even really that much of an issue. What do you think when you take that important step back completely go, we've crossed that hurdle, at least through this region, I think we've crafted about, you know, on and off through all the areas, I want to say, we really crossed it, you know, probably for six months for all of the five regions to kind of be where they need to be functionality wise, but also in the there's always room to power up and grow more from there. But the thing is, is that nothing is forced done anyone track and I think that's so important to call out what what has been incubated here.

Speaker 2  58:31
Yeah, yeah, we can even take that one step one step further in, in that. I mean, we didn't sit down one day and throw out a list of these are the 2024 things that we're going to have done at the end of two years. I mean, we had some some kind of pictures of what we wanted to see. But there was a little bit of push. And then there was, there was a lot of just watching. So these things emerge. And, and as we see opportunity to come on board and, you know, carry them carry them through to fruition.

Unknown Speaker  59:09
And it's, I mean, it's honestly, it's been incredible to watch.

Speaker 1  59:15
It really has it's been it's like what it's like watching a garden grow, you know, and, and then you you get the larger companies coming in and kind of kind of seeing the models, and I don't think it will be far more companies kind of look, look to these areas to say, okay, we do want to build some offices, you know, throughout throughout these regions. I really don't think that's far away. And I don't think it's, I think what I think what Brad in and I call out, Brad and I call it besides the call out this area, because for two reasons. One, the texts, our offices there, it's a very new open door policy group, you know, kind of where those offices are, etc. But I also do no call that out. Because my train of thought, Oh, my goodness, it was such a good, but sorry, in time. What was I gonna say? It was so important. It was so important. Ah,

Unknown Speaker  1:00:15
whoever you'll remember,

Unknown Speaker  1:00:16
his last forever was like the perfect thought it was just right there. I can see it. Oh, my gosh, it'll come we're

Unknown Speaker  1:00:27
just allowing it to emerge, not not pushing it, using seeing opportunities and and moving them forward.

Speaker 2  1:00:37
You were talking about how awesome biased is and I'm like, Yeah, I know.

Speaker 1  1:00:43
Brad's awesome. And you know, everybody's awesome. My dogs are awesome for barking through the little thing. Oh, come on, where is it? I don't know. It's gone. Oh, I think what I was trying to say is on, we planted seeds. And we went through a percolation period where I believe that people came came up and decided who they were going to be a you know, we didn't just get here because of a one person vision. You know, we got here because everybody came came and brought something table. And I remember when when I went to the first meeting for the upper, our tech sector, there's a lot of people that worked in technology down a specific track. And now they've come back and they started a second or third company just doing something completely different applying skills that they use in one career to another one in doing something totally different. And I think that's what we've seen is we've even kind of motivated, just just this small group of people that we do have here to repurpose their skills, which has been really awesome to watch. I mean, just the amount of growth in and Dr. Luke and Brad and Matthias, Ian, I mean, I can name them mall. Gregory. I mean, what Alan was to South by Southwest show or not show but I'm conference, watching, watching how everybody's kind of repurposed and retool their their skills to kind of refine what they're doing and make sure that they are giving back to the community. It's kind of cool. It's like, it's like all these entrepreneurs, gotten this room with this tech start with the technology partnership, and I can speak for myself, and Wendell, we all got in this room with you guys. And we kind of went pen to paper, is that okay? Who do we want to be? And what can we do to make this better? And some amazing businesses have popped up out of it? And and I think that's wonderful. Right? Yeah. So it wasn't just it also wasn't just this remote movement. It was it was people repurposing their skills to, to grow this and keep it, you know, going up and expanding, which I think if I look, everybody, they've all gone further in their in their career, they've gotten accolades in their industries, and been published, etc, just just in such a short time. I mean, they really ballgame.

Speaker 2  1:03:12
Yeah, it's interesting, because if you put I mean, there's a lot of super talented people in the in this region. I mean, really, surprisingly, and we keep meeting them because we haven't done a lot of advertising. And we'll find out somebody was just a few streets over a few buildings over in the next town over and hadn't heard of us. And we hadn't heard of them. And they're super, super good at what they do. But what happens when you get a bunch of really talented people in a room together, who now have free time, right, you're not commuting two hours a day, hour and a half a day traveling 75% magical stuff happens right? There, and just people's desire to pass down, you know, the wisdom that they've picked up in their career. Because they see somebody they see a project that has great potential or person that has great people Central, and they can just, you know, help carry them or help, you know, hold them along to the next phase. And that's, I think that's just a really beautiful thing to see.

Speaker 1  1:04:12
It's the best of startup culture, I think I've ever had the pleasure of being a part of it beats out Silicon Valley all day long.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:23
Well, the mountain biking is better, that's for sure.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:30
So right. here's, here's a question for you, Brad. Because there's a couple different different people who, who might be listening here, there's, maybe there may be

Speaker 2  1:04:41
entrepreneurs who want to move, move from a big city into more rural community. There might be other businesses who are looking for places to maybe find find lower cost of living for their, for their team were going, or maybe there's even one of the things I can thinking about his other rural communities who want to, you know, want to replicate this. I think you more than anybody has seen you seen all the moving pieces of this thing as it's come together? I'm curious. I'm curious what you would say to those people.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:18
And you can pick all of them.

Speaker 2  1:05:20
Yeah. So many? Well, so my, my tech career started in the very early 90s. And I think at that time, tech businesses had to be in a certain place, and you'd have customers come in, and you'd show them, you know, your data center and hardware, you know, your own hardware with flashing red lights. And, and,

Speaker 2  1:05:46
you know, these days, I think, if you, if you showed investors that you actually bought hardware with their money, they say, you know, haven't shared with the cloud, right, and the wire, you know, you don't need in a specific way, I mean, for some jobs, you need labor in a specific place, or you want them to be next to a university or next to a military base or something, or next to a specific hardware manufacturer. But for so many of the jobs, you'd say, technology is advanced to the point, you should be looking for the best labor regardless of location, and then it's your responsibility as a business leader, to manage that team, whether it's a team in one office, or it's a team, it's very highly distributed, find the best resources at the best price to build that company. Right. So it's open door, find the best people in the country or the world, right, and build that company. So that's thing, one, you know, the world has changed. You don't need to be in a specific place, think, think distributed? You know, the other is 90% of startups will fail or, you know, depends on what stage they're in, and what numbers you look at. But they all fail for different reasons, you know, but one thing they all had in common typically, is that they, they all ran out of money, right? So if you can extend your runway by 10 1520 50%, right? What does that do to the potential viability of your company. So if you're someone who can move into a more remote context, or you can consider hiring somebody in a more remote context, I mean, we see this all the day, all day long, people are hiring developers who are offshore who are in you know, Eastern Europe, and they find somebody really good and they use them over and over and over. Because right there, pay them less, they're getting top quality talent, that person can have a very good lifestyle. For less pay, of course, you're going to take advantage of that. And what we're saying is, you don't have to go overseas to do that, we're developing that. And a lot of that already exists in rural America, right. So take advantage of that. And if you need help, that's I think that's one of the most important things that we can do with this template. And this blueprint that we're trying to build through these sector partnerships is, you know, somebody who's entrepreneurial and starting a business, they don't have time to go out and build the real infrastructure, right, we need to build that for them and make it easy for them to plug in. So if they're looking for a developer, they're looking for it to one call center. That's the stuff that we're building today. Right. So as we continue to advance that and plug in with other real communities that are doing that, we need to get that message out to the people in the in the larger environments, we have an asset to help you strategically grow your company, right? To give you 20% more runway against your competitors are against the industry itself, whatever against whatever friction you're fighting against, we can help you fight faster, better, longer. Boy, how much time do I have Matthias, I can talk all night about that the we've had a ton of head a ton of learning, you know, I think one of the ears, I'll close on this point for that topic. You know, when we started this, we said, Hey, we're cheap. That was like our number one value. Right?

Unknown Speaker  1:09:04
And I got a coffee.

Speaker 2  1:09:07
I got like, rebuked by some people, some friends in the Seattle area in the Portland area. And they said, Man, you're missing it. It's not your lower cost. They said, if you're running a tech company in a big city, unless you're Google, Microsoft, Amazon, you know, if you're not in the big Fiverr, the big 10. Good luck hiring anybody, right? Because you're competing for the same labor as those gigantic companies that are growing really, really fast. They said your value profit is we, you know, we can't hire right now. So if you can offer, if you can provide some of those roles for us at a cheaper cost, then we have more budget to hire. You know, in a big city, when we do need to hire in a major metropolitan area, we've got additional budget to do that, to hire the people that we do need here we can hire and the people who don't need to live here, you know, can live anywhere, right? So they said it's it's not a cost thing, it's not a cheap thing. They said if we can't hire for those positions, we can't grow our companies, right, we're going to, we're going to lose to a competitor, we're not going to hit our growth numbers. So it's not, it's not about the cost of labor, it's about the strategic impact of the cost of labor and being able to get some of those resources outside of the the hottest, most competitive labor markets. So I think that was a shift in thinking for us is, you know, cheap, is not a strategic value prop. Right.

Speaker 1  1:10:41
Right. Now, and to that point, Brad, you know, I, this is what I was going to say earlier came back to me, which is the good news. And so the notion is, this is an antiquated way of thinking, right? But it would be foolish not to mention it right? tech, in a small town, in a more rural area is a dirty word. Right? Let's face it, it just is why some will say education hasn't been there in the past. Some will say it is, you know, they're just not as exposed to technology. Green tech into rural community has been probably one of the coolest things I've ever been involved in, in my life. I'm sure I'm sure you each have your own, kind of take on that. But there's also a friction in the tech industry where they ask you, hey, were you working from right? And, you know, 10 years ago, or maybe seven years ago, I'd say I'm working from saliva. Where's that said, I'm on a river talking to you. And people were like, oh, wow, that's amazing. But you you live in a small town, you know, you're supposed to be in, in California, you're supposed to be here, you're supposed to be there. You know, there's some of these hubs that we've seen built around the country around the bigger companies. And so a small towns in the tech industry was almost a dirty word to them, where I can only maybe wasn't competitive enough, maybe maybe wasn't educated enough. What do you think has happened between that gap? And in the last, you know, eight months? I think it's, it's treated much differently. And I've got my own thoughts on it. But I'm curious to think what you've seen you know, it? Is the community afraid of the word tech? Or are we seeing a wider spread adoption?

Speaker 2  1:12:23
So I think the community is, you know, there are people who live here who don't want to live in Breckenridge or Boulder, and you say, tech, and they think that the goal is to turn this community into one of those other communities. And it's not it's too It's too, first of all, the tech people are already here, we walk among you. Right?

Unknown Speaker  1:12:43
Right. So,

Speaker 2  1:12:44
you know, we're already do you think that we didn't break the community, right? It's the people, the people in tech, who live here are the people who wanted this kind of community and this kind of lifestyle, and they're really coming here, and they want to apply their skills and their financial resources and their human resources to make this place the, you know, the best place that it that it can be. So I think the first concern locally was, first of all, you'll never even do it. And then if you do it, please don't do it. Because we don't know we don't want you to raise the housing prices and turn it into another type of community. But I mean, anytime you bring new jobs in higher paying jobs you're going to have, you're going to have some financial adjustment. And one of the things that we're really focusing on is, you know, we don't want people to get left behind, we don't, the goal isn't just to bring in very high six figure salaries, the call center that you talked about, is starting with 35 to 40. k your jobs for students right out of high school and community college, those are very good paying jobs for the students for this area. It doesn't force the housing crisis to, to go way up, in the same way that somebody coming down from Denver with million dollars with liquid cash from selling your house, right. So we need both though, we need more seasoned people who have the experience to come down the part of the tech community, and then we need to create the entry level jobs that will help grow the community slower and more organically and naturally. You know, and we need a lot, right? Yeah, they do. They do. And a lot of these rural areas have been depressed for, you know, 234 decades, they've had many industries come try to come in and fail. And they don't just have lower cost of livings, in some instances, they have very artificially low, lower cost of housing, lower cost of living. So anything you do is going to start to raise the housing prices, it's going to start to raise the cost of, you know, the cost of living, so you can't just not do anything. Because that means a lot of prosperity, new jobs, right. But you have to do it in kind of a thoughtful, managed way. And I think across the tech environment, you know, you need those different kinds of jobs across different skill sets and different economic spectrum. So that's, that's an area where we've tried to be more thoughtful and work with the economic development groups, the county, the county leadership, the city leadership, the school district, we have realtors involved in this program. We've got other people working through state agencies and affordable housing initiatives, it really is kind of a holistic look at the, you know, the ecosystem. It's not just bringing in people, it's really interesting.

Speaker 1  1:15:31
Yeah, no, that's really interesting. You know, it's kind of coming, it's kind of coming from a grassroots approach from from the bottom up in the community, which, which is really neat. And, you know, I, I always, I always look at I when I look at a community, and, and I, you know, we throw around a lot of a lot of tech terms, you know, a lot of people get scared, and it's really wonderful to see here is that they're not afraid of the growth that the technology kind of opportunities exist that they can bring right now.

Speaker 2  1:16:10
Great. Well, that's a very good transition.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:19
What else did we cover doing? You? Sorry? You got to edit that?

Speaker 2  1:16:24
Exactly. Right. I mean, I think this is another comment for you. I mean, you can get this but i think i think that's basically a wrap. So ask, do you have any kind of closing question that we could wrap this up with? Or? Or Brad, you just want to jump in with some closing comments? Or should I just just do kind of an intro or just a wrap up? You can ask me a closing comment. I think I have something inspirational to add.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:52
Cool, good. Well, Brad, thanks. Thanks so much for taking us on this on this journey with you. I think it's I think it's incredible what's happening. And I really hope this inspires other people to to see what they can they can do in their own community. Brett, I'm curious if you've got any kind of closing comments for us as we wrap this up?

Speaker 2  1:17:13
Yeah, well, first of all, thank you again for for getting me on the podcast and letting me ramble appreciate you guys. And just giving me a chance to have a voice here. But you know, I think what we touched on earlier, when we when we said if we did done anything different, we should have dreamt bigger. With the stuff that we've accomplished. And the stuff that we're looking at doing over the next year, that's really kind of a close knit is is our is our vision big enough? I think for me, it's been an experience of, you know, don't don't believe that you can't change the world or be a part of changing the world and making it a better place you can. I've gotten the you know, the opportunity to do that. And I've gotten the opportunity to do that with a lot of my closest friends, you know, who who live out here. And I think what we've seen is, you know, for this project, there's a chance for rural America to be what it always could have been, which is, you know, the biggest strategic asset for the for the country, there was a lot of really innovative, hardworking people between the left and the right coasts. And technology can enable them as a powerful, powerful workforce, you know, and not look to, you know, how do we throw money at them, or that they're looking for a handout. There's some amazing, amazing people here, who can be technology enabled to, you know, to be a part of the greater good. So, you know, I just think that this remember, at one point, there was a very first Starbucks and a very first Whole Foods and the very first Uber ride, and there may not be a lot of people doing real economic development with tech right now. But it just feels like something that is about to become a trend, and I'm excited to see how it it changes. You know, it changes kind of the face of the country over the next 10 or 20 years. So great stuff. happy, very happy to be a part of it.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:08
Cool. Stuff good.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:14
Thanks. Lucky next time, bye

Unknown Speaker  1:19:17
bye bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai