Matthias Miller  00:19
I You guys, hey, right we got The tribe, so I'm guessing Joel filled you guys in. I'm going to do a little walkthrough of the CRM and feel free to jump in. Interrupt ask any questions. Joel, do you have any any thoughts or questions before we get started?

Speaker 1  00:57
I got them as far as the dashboard, so take it away. All right, awesome.

Matthias Miller  01:02
Sounds good. We go ahead and share this. All right, so this is all right, so a few key things to that are helpful to understand how this works. There's two primary, two primary things in here. One is, one is contacts, which are, which are basically just leads, the individuals themselves. And then there are opportunities, which are the the sales opportunities for those contacts typically, typically in in our setups, we've encouraged people to distinguish between qualified and unqualified prospects, and qualified by this definition means, do they? Do they pick up the phone and talk to you, and there's some more nuance to that, to that conversation. Are they? Are they within delivery distance? And all the other kinds of stuff, you can add color to it, but it, but so here's the dashboard. You'll introduce you do it not now. I don't have much to add to that. Conversations is a main view that makes it super easy to call or text or communicate with people. You can see where your unread messages are. If you're connected to a Google business or a Facebook page or something like that, that will show up in there. And you can also leave one of the Another useful thing is you can leave internal comments about individual prospects, and you can type notes about about the conversation that you had, and it'll stay in that conversation history for you, some of the useful, useful pieces of this are being able to filter it down so it can be useful to I mean, you can see your own conversations. You have permission to view. I don't know how you've got this set up, Joel, but get permission to view other people's contacts. You can sometimes respond on their behalf, but primarily useful views are the unread ones who do I need to get back to. It can also be useful to star certain conversations and hang on and it shows up under you can see the little star, and you can filter down to just the starred ones that that's basically, in a nutshell, you can make calls from calls from here as well with the with the call button and, of course, text, if You have your email connected, which is in here, and I think it's under my profile, you are able to connect your email, and when you do that, you can actually send you'll get an email tab that shows up right here. And you can actually, and as long as they've got a This one doesn't have an email in the contact, as long as there's an email on the contact, you can actually draft your emails straight from in here as well. So that's conversations in a nutshell. You can very easily pop into the contact view, which we'll get to in a moment. That pulls up all the contact details for that contact we'll get to that in a minute, calendars we're not using. Well, actually, yeah, I don't believe you guys are. Using might be using it for some of the production side, but if you do, I have yet to find a shed company that does it's kind of weird. There's a lot of other industries that will use very strict appointment setting. So hey, let's talk it two o'clock on Thursday, and that's actually when people end up talking possibly exists somewhere. I haven't found a shit company that does that yet. Sorry.

Speaker 1  05:30
Was that we're not going to be your first find on that one.

Matthias Miller  05:33
Yeah, so you're not unusual if you're even in trouble, if you're not using calendar view, but it's there if you ever decide you want it contacts. So these are the these are the contacts that they was talking to you about. This is just a full list of contacts by default. It sorts by creation date, and you can filter down by ones that are assigned to. Let's go ahead and filter down for ones that are assigned to Joel, just as an example. And so if somebody calls in, find them in conversations. You can find them here. You can also do you can search for them in here, or you can also just click this search up here, which is a pretty useful tool, and you can search for Harry, or you can also search for a phone number. Uh, full phone number, and you can pull them up that way. So makes it pretty easy to find folks. And there is some information that gets put in here automatically based on, based on things that happen in shut out in the shit app. It shows the latest shit app quote that was created for it gives you a link to pull up the latest opportunity if you want to quick jump over to the opportunity and if they filled out a form, you'll find the form details in here as well.

Matthias Miller  07:33
If the if, for some reason, you're texting somebody and they don't like it, they send back a stop, or they block you, or something like that, you'll see these Do Not Disturb settings turn on, and you won't be able to contact them again. You can call from here. You can there's different levels of activity. You can show in here. This shows everything. In this case, there are two, two opportunities. Opportunities actually got created for this guy, which is not typical. Something went sideways.

Speaker 1  08:19
No, he wanted there was two different marks.

Matthias Miller  08:22
They're both the same, nice, all right. You can also, you can also create tasks for follow ups, if that's useful for you. And and you can talk a little bit through with working with CSC right now on fine tuning, some of that, talking with Eric, specifically on fine tuning, some of that process. But this can be useful if you want to track follow ups. There's the there's the famous adage that we that has probably been beaten to death, but the number of touch points that before most prospects respond, especially when you're dealing with online leads, take the higher level of persistence to maintain to me, maintain contact and tasks can be a great way To to handle follow ups. And so it can be, what can be, honestly, some of the one of the easiest things for that, if you do that, is just to create an open task. And then every time you do follow up, let's say again, this is not you guys. This is out here in Colorado, but there's a lot where it's like, yeah, we're moving to Colorado. We want a hunting cabin. We're not going to close until you know, October. All right, well, let's go ahead and reach out sometime in let's just say September sometime, and let's go find out how the how that that purchase process is. Ah, is is going as an example, and we're not going to make Joel actually follow up with that like that. There is an additional place for notes, although it's, in my opinion, so much easier to have an internal comment, because you can see it. Because you can see it in the full stream of everything that's going on. You can see in your conversation view, but you can do notes. Appointments. Is another way to see appointments with this person on your calendar, which we're not really using documents. You do have a place to upload documents if you want to, but probably not just a ton of utility for you guys payments you're not going to be using. You could theoretically use this to collect, send text message links, but it's not set up to do that at the moment, but it would be an option. So that's the contact screen in a, in a, in a nutshell. Yeah. Shell, also then in under contacts. Then if you do use tasks, you'll find them here, and it'll be you'll want to tasks are honestly a little bit of a limitation in here. It needs some enhancements, but you're going to more than likely filter the assignee down to yourself. It doesn't always will do test because test has a, oh, that's a contact Association. These are both essential, okay,

Matthias Miller  11:49
it doesn't, it doesn't remember your view very well. So, but, but that is, that is then where you can see these tasks for follow up, and it's sorted by by due date by default. The nice thing about contacts, if you do want this, is that there is a with contacts you can, you can filter down whatever contacts you want to see, so you can see the only the ones that are assigned to you. And then you can, you can create what's called a smart list, and it'll show up as a tab right here, and you could, so as an example, if we wanted to do this, I'm

Unknown Speaker  12:46
we could

Matthias Miller  12:53
not that there was a way to do it, right from there, all right? I

Unknown Speaker  13:10
exciting. It could

Unknown Speaker  13:27
well,

Matthias Miller  13:36
all right now it's completely, Fully eluding me how to do that. So

Matthias Miller  14:15
Right, ah, we go okay, here, let's try this. So assign two again.

Matthias Miller  14:56
We're going to grab all the jewels, and then down here at the at the bottom, there's an option to save as. Smart List, and you can save this as Joel's contacts. And now, if you want to switch back and forth, you can do so very easily, just by hitting Joel's contacts, and it'll filter down that list just to that so it could be useful to create different filters for each of you guys. Can make your life life easier? Opportunities, then, are basically quotes coming in from the shed app. You can manually create your own opportunities. If you want to, you just tie it out to a contact and most likely in here you'll want to put some kind of, some kind of description in it. And and contact owner for this one is gig. Currently, if it's the new contact, it'll get assigned to you. And and then from here, this gives you a way to, hopefully easily manage what requires your attention and what does not so. New leads will pop into here, and if you're not able to reach them, you can just drag them into the appropriate appropriate spot. As soon as you send a quote, they'll automatically jump over to quote sent, and at whatever point that you you get a signature, you get a deposit. It moves further down this list here, and if it's a cancelation, it'll show up in the cancelation portion. The reason for that being cancelations can happen for any number of reasons. One, literally, they don't want one anymore. Or two, they need to make some, make some changes to it, and they want to cancel, but, but get something else instead, from all of these guys, you can jump into the into the contact directly, and also from the from from the contact. You can also jump directly into the opportunity as well and see some of those details,

Matthias Miller  17:28
including the links type should have links which you can just pop into, copy and paste out, and you've got all of that info right there. I

Matthias Miller  17:43
if you're not able to reach somebody, and you decide they're never going to it's not worth your time to chase them. You can. You can either put them in abandoned to close them out, or if they go somewhere else, you can mark it as lost, and use that to get this cleaned out.

Matthias Miller  18:15
Most of this other stuff, AI agents, if you want to, you can get your heads together with Joel and figure out how to auto reply on text messages. It's pretty easy for things to go sideways, so use with caution. Keep your eye on what it's doing. Most of the rest of this stuff really matters very little. Besides, you know, potentially, really, none of this stuff below the line really matters to you guys. Joel, something I will note that I didn't mention, but if you have additional links, like, I don't know, other types of, I don't know, spreadsheets, documents, reference material, other stuff like that that would be useful to have available at a click, we can add menu options that go Go to specific places, just for you guys.

Matthias Miller  19:22
So that is a high level, fast walk through of what's going on, happy to dig into anything more specifically.

Speaker 1  19:40
So I have a question for you in class on that, with the opportunities in that, it's possible to create an automation workflow that when a when a lead is sent into follow up or second follow up or third follow up, it'll set an automatic to set a task for a reminder after certain amount of days. On that. Yeah, now that's going to be a if I understand that correct, that's going to be an internal question. As far as we can. We can also throw that down per user as well, right? And so how do you see other shed companies using that? Or does everybody set their own reminders that after a certain amount of days per per lead, they set that up

Matthias Miller  20:25
other companies. Well, most of the ones that I've worked with end up being fairly okay. One of the companies saw a substantial increase in contact rate after they they did 14 outreaches. They started going to 14 outreaches in the first week, something like three the first days be the next day through the next day, and then, like two and two, and then one and one, or something like that. Wow. And they actually got very few people. I mean, this the rule, the rule of thumb that I've heard. You can adhere to it or not, that if you get, if you if you never get cussed out at all, you're probably not selling hard enough. And you should probably be if you're, you know, if half the time people are yelling at you, asking you, What in the world you're doing, you're selling weights way, way, way too hard. And if you get one or two every, every month or two, then maybe you're doing things about right. Philosophy matters immensely. So that's, that's that is much more. It just It depends so much on company culture sales person, on what people end up being comfortable with. But, but typically, as you move towards a more common sales culture, that typically see folks kind of landing on a on a comfortable cadence for for that the rationale behind it, just to explain why, the basic premise is, first of all, okay, like there's nothing you guys can stand up and walk around because there's nothing, or you can stay sitting there something that'll make you fall out of your seat, but for somebody to pack up, drive to a lot, look around, that's a lot of effort required. It's high buying intent. Somebody scrolling, scrolling. Somebody searching on Google for something that's relatively high buying intent. They're actually looking for something. If you're running Facebook ads, somebody sitting at the dinner table at a restaurant waiting for their food, and happen to see a Facebook ad, put their name and info, and it's that's just interesting, low buying intent and distractibility ends up, in my opinion, being a huge issue, or a bigger issue with online leads, then, then, then walk ins, and so that's the rationale for more proactive follow ups with that. But yeah, that answer your question.

Unknown Speaker  23:22
Yeah, yep, I think I've got it all right. The Other Guys, have we confused you to no end now,

Speaker 2  23:36
I have been doing that on my I mean, I've been doing calls and stuff on my phone for a couple months now, so it's not quite of as scary as I was afraid of but it does make sense to me why I got a call last night, and I got a call through high level, and then I looked at my phone this morning and the person's name was in there. And I was like, How in the world did that person, I didn't enter it as a contact or anything, but apparently you all were working in the background that I was like, there's just so much scary. Because that one

Speaker 1  24:16
right there, Matt, was the they went online, created their own quote, and it wasn't assigned to a user. And then they called you, but their contact was ready, and so when they called you, it automatically assigned that contact to you, and that's how that got put in there, that way.

Speaker 2  24:34
Oh, I, I didn't know how it happened. Yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  24:38
that's, that's how I actually watched that one go through this morning. I was, Oh, that's interesting.

Speaker 2  24:42
Mm, interesting. But no, I think, I mean, once we learn how to use it and utilize it for our benefit, it would be nice,

Speaker 1  24:54
yeah, and I think for you, Matthias, you'll use it daily, for Josh and Brian, you guys. I mean, that's. I would for you guys doing walk in stuff like that. It's going to be up to you how often you want to set that reminder to call people and follow up with them, maybe for walk ins. You wait a week and that's it, and you only do one follow up. I don't know how you guys want to handle that. I think we should do at least one follow up, unless we have a note specifically from the customer that I don't want to be contacted or, you know, hey, I'm a year out, or whatever that might be. Yeah, I think it'll work good.

Matthias Miller  25:35
Just to note on that, I've seen companies close deals after two years just because they stayed. I mean, yeah, it's annoying to follow up every six to nine months or whatever, but, but I will said plenty of again, this is, this is the rationale. You can go way overboard with this. But my rationale has tended to be that people have busy lives, and most of us don't even get to everything that's important to us. And we've had instances where customers have thanked they've thanked the salesperson for following up so so diligently, just to help stay on top of it and and then closing deals after being in the pipeline for two years.

Speaker 1  26:19
And I've had customers. I had a customer just recently purchased I had, it was little over a year from the last contact. They walked back in said we were we like the way you did the quote. Here's the money. So there's that side of it too.

Matthias Miller  26:35
Yeah, it's true. Yep.

Speaker 1  26:42
All right. Any other questions guys? MATT What do you? Matthias, what else? What else you got for us?

Matthias Miller  26:48
I don't know that. I have much else for you guys. I mean, I'm sure, as you get into it, you'll have questions. I think the biggest thing to clarify, Joel, you'll be the point of contact on those on those questions when it's on specific questions, but if there are, is there things, anything that you need answers for? Feel free to shoot me a text or do whatever happy to help so.

Speaker 2  27:15
Joel, maybe this is a question for you, but when Matthias had his open, it showed like, all of our calls or whatever, but when I open mine, it's just going to show me mine, right? Or do I filter that somehow?

Speaker 1  27:29
Yeah, no, it's I have it set as a default that you only see what's assigned to you, okay?

Speaker 1  27:42
Which we can change that if you guys think you need to see each other's, we can, but it's just going to get a lot more confusing and a lot bigger chance of overriding and having multiple sales people contact, you know, the same contact person, and that's going to be a little bit confusing for the customer. I would say, I would say my, my opinion would be, leave it to where you see only yours, and then if you need to see someone else's, I can go into that lead and assign two users to it. You know, I can, I can add Brian to Matt's one specific lead. If we need to,

Unknown Speaker  28:16
I want Brian out of my business.

Speaker 1  28:22
I so yeah, to answer that, Matt, you only see yours. Okay? Thanks,

Unknown Speaker  28:40
Josh, you've been pretty quiet. You got anything?

Speaker 3  28:50
He's trying to say something, hang on. No muters and just come over here. Turn your speaker down.

Speaker 3  29:04
I just come over here. Turn that one down. So to where we have our just our office phones. Do we have the option to add our cell phone and use whatsapp and text message, or will we just use our office phones? I mean,

Speaker 1  29:36
I guess we could add, we could add WhatsApp to that, but that phone number is not linked to. As I work with us, the main office is not through Twilio. So nothing's linked there.

Matthias Miller  29:56
Me, I am not. Yeah, hang on, let me, Let me check I

Matthias Miller  30:42
and it's possible. Can you get text messages to the main number?

Unknown Speaker  30:51
No, we can't.

Speaker 1  30:53
Correction. You can through your extension number.

Speaker 3  30:59
Oh, that's right. We would have to have uma installed on her phone. Then, yeah, I think if you

Matthias Miller  31:12
hang on,

Matthias Miller  31:19
let me see if. Okay, it looks like you could set up. Okay, it looks like you don't need, you need a one time pass code to set up WhatsApp business with a phone number, but it looks like you can take it by a phone call. I've never actually set up WhatsApp integration at this point. So if that's true, you should be able to use WhatsApp. You should be able to set up a Google business, sorry, a whatsapp business account with your main office line or even your extension line, and use whatsapp with that, as long as the person has the other person has WhatsApp,

Speaker 1  32:09
I would say Josh for you and Brian, probably what's going to be. You guys aren't doing this high. It's not a high volume for you guys, like every day, multiple sheds, and so you're probably going to be better off until we get around to switching the main office number over to this account here to just record notes in the in the conversation there. What? What was done? You made a phone call this day. This was what was said, that type of thing. You uh, that would probably be my best guess. I don't know. I mean, I'm not a post trying to switch some of that stuff over and find a workaround.

Unknown Speaker  32:54
Yeah, that should work for now, I'd say,

Speaker 1  32:56
and I have no idea how soon we'll get that switched over, if we ever will. I don't know that's going to be something we're going to have to go over. Maybe, maybe we can get Richard mashed in on that before he leaves. I don't know. I

Unknown Speaker  33:26
All right. Well, if you guys have got any questions, I guess we can quit now.

Matthias Miller  33:39
Sorry, I can't tie more of you guys' time.

Unknown Speaker  33:43
I'm so disappointed.

Matthias Miller  33:46
Every salesperson I've ever talked to always, always was like, How can we have more meetings and longer meetings?

Speaker 1  33:57
Yeah, so it is, so good. Yeah, all right. Well, I guess that's it. Matthias, I do have a couple questions for you on some setup stuff. If you've got the next I do. So rest you guys. We don't need you to stay on. If you guys got other things to go do, if you want to sit here and look at the nitty gritties, you're more than welcome to

Unknown Speaker  34:23
All right, thanks a lot. Matthias, thank

Matthias Miller  34:25
you. You bet. Thanks, friends. Thanks, Matt, thanks, Josh.

Speaker 1  34:31
All right, if you can pull back, pull your screen up again. I set up an automation today, and I don't know if it's going to work the way I want it to the unassigned opportunities. And thankfully, I discovered that you have to publish these because I had them all in draft. Gotcha.

Matthias Miller  34:57
All right. I. I have users empty if then assign the user will be put in the same contact, since an internal notification, is

Unknown Speaker  35:17
that going to do what I think it's going to do? I

Matthias Miller  35:20
think so. Yeah, if you want to specifically this matters,

Speaker 1  35:29
give me five years and I'll be proficient in this form building thing, and then we won't need to be proficient in it anymore.

Matthias Miller  35:36
But exactly you'll just do ah,

Speaker 1  35:42
because then what I'm going to do then is my, my idea is, if that that what I was after today on the text messages is when they're created in shed app, and they're not assigned to a user because they're self signed on a store, they don't have a zip code, and so we can't filter it through the standard, the standard way of assigning to users by zip code. So then if it gets assigned to me, I'll get a notification. Then I can reassign that to the correct sales person based on location, yep.

Matthias Miller  36:13
Now, the one thing you could potentially do, I don't know if this is necessary, but it would keep it from being not getting too greedy. Is new opportunities created from the Shut up? Have the TSA tag, yeah, gotcha so that I don't know that it's strictly necessary, but

Speaker 1  36:39
it would eliminate anything else? Yeah, yep, yep, okay. Now, is there a way to in another workflow? And I think I have one started, maybe I don't remember when? No, I didn't. Is there a way to have an internal notification happen when, when an opportunity gets reassigned to, yeah, user either. So hard to find that one, and I could not.

Matthias Miller  37:13
Let's go see if we can do this. Well, actually, let's see if this, this thing's smart enough to do it. I I don't

Matthias Miller  37:29
know if it's smart enough to do this or not,

Speaker 1  37:31
but I messed around with that thing today, and that was kind of cool. What it came and what all it came up with, maybe that's how I'll get good at it in less than five years exactly,

Matthias Miller  37:50
basically, you went and here, this was a question while we're doing that, this is a question I had. We changed this. Yes, we turned this off for CSC so that contacts and opportunities are always assigned to the same person.

Unknown Speaker  38:18
Yeah, that should be assigned to the same person.

Matthias Miller  38:21
It just makes it less, I don't know, just unnecessarily confusing, if you if it can be different. All right, let's see.

Matthias Miller  38:35
Well, that's not really right. I

Matthias Miller  38:43
Let's see. Let's try another trigger.

Matthias Miller  39:02
Content, contact changed.

Matthias Miller  39:09
Actually, maybe we can do this here. Actually. Why would we run it? Why would we always run it on the contact and then, then, it doesn't matter whether, whether the contact got changed or the

Matthias Miller  39:36
you just do contact change when the assigned user changes In the filter. Add a filter for assigned user has changed in any way, and then we send a notification, notify new contact, signee and.

Matthias Miller  40:00
Yep. And then we'll direct just to the contact, because that's we're doing. It to the user assigned to the contact. Perfect, perfect, Publish. And then this is internal notification, word, contact signed. User changes something like that,

Speaker 1  40:21
yeah, perfect, good, perfect, okay, all right, that works for that. Okay, I had a question in settings. There was something I had found. You see if I can find it that I wasn't sure what it meant. I guess I

Unknown Speaker  41:42
well now I can't find it.

Unknown Speaker  41:51
Find it again. I'll let you know. I don't it's been one of them days. Nice, I'm telling you. Oh, good.

Speaker 1  42:11
Yes, there it is, settings, custom values. What is that?

Matthias Miller  42:17
These are basically okay. This is, these are basically custom settings that I in this case, the only reason we're using it is, I'm using it to configure how Shut up assignments work. But these are basically ways that you can add settings in your ad company wide settings, and I'm trying to remember if you can reference them Within automations. Let's say that you had here. Let's do, actually, let's do something like send internal notification, and we're going to do an email and in here, let's see if we can put in

Matthias Miller  43:19
let's see, no not there

Matthias Miller  43:27
should be a an option for codes. Let's try this one. You can't even use that.

Matthias Miller  44:00
I think there's a world in which, let's say that you have a certain, certain sentence that you use a lot in your message. Automation, you would be able to create a custom value for that. That's called something like, you know, I don't know what this salutation, whatever. And then you can embed that in all your messages, across all your workflows. I mean, okay, good, this, this would be a good one business hours, because that's the kind of thing that could potentially change. And, you know, you're gonna have all kinds of things. And so you could add a custom value for that, use it in all your different places. And then when you need to change your business hours, you just go in and edit the custom value, and it'll pull into all those spaces. But realistically, you just don't need it. Yeah. That's what it is

Unknown Speaker  45:00
that's fine, that that answers that question. All right, I think I've got,

Speaker 1  45:09
I've got some work to do on figuring out how these guys want to handle I wasn't sure. Like we have follow up and second follow up and third follow up and and things like that. Are people ever going to use those? I don't know they're there. I guess we can always delete them out if we see that. You know, it's never going to get used. But, yeah, one more question on the See, I think it was on opportunities on on the dashboard. Yeah, the funnel. How does the funnel work? Because it shows everything that's ever went through there, right? Yes.

Matthias Miller  45:58
The the idea is, and I've never cross referenced numbers and made sure it all works. But the idea is, what's the what percentage of leads end up at which you know where, so that you can identify where they fall off. So obviously, 25% of your lease you can't contact. Yeah, there's another, you know, if they make it past that point, there's another 25% that never come back after quote, yeah, yeah. You should be able to do a little math and flip these numbers and turn them into probability, probability to close. So if 38% Well, that is your probability to close.

Speaker 1  46:54
But why does see? But it shows, it shows 68,000 or 38% have been canceled because they went through that. That's what got me that's what got me so confused. Those are all closed leads. We, we've, I think we've won every last one of those, but it's showing cancel that that's that okay, that's what that was,

Matthias Miller  47:22
what my question That's, that is a great question

Matthias Miller  47:31
that's bizarre, because I

Matthias Miller  47:44
let me grab this.

Speaker 1  47:45
I would think, I would think that it should, it should only show the ones where it actually made it into that stage. But maybe my brain, my brain is a little bit it doesn't always follow that.

Matthias Miller  48:02
No it that makes sense. Let me, let me. I.

Matthias Miller  48:37
See the order. The order is weird because it would make more sense to me. Well, even that's not, sorry, wrong place.

Unknown Speaker  48:56
See on there, the order is reversed from what we have it set up in there. I

Matthias Miller  49:09
It's because it's assuming that if it was one, it went through the entire stage. Yeah, and because canceled is a stage.

Speaker 1  49:22
But in our workflow, this canceled is the last stage,

Matthias Miller  49:26
well, but there's, yeah, there's two one items here. So this is the one where, right? But why is it that? Okay? I think it's the assumption that any, any opportunity that's won went through all of these,

Speaker 1  49:42
okay, it just, it just for reporting. It just seems a little odd.

Matthias Miller  49:50
It is. It's, I mean, so the easiest way around this is really just to do. This and take it off the funnel chart. Let's see what this looks like.

Speaker 1  50:19
Now. It okay now, now it's not showing the canceled on that on the funnel chart. So that's, that's way better.

Matthias Miller  50:32
And then presumably canceled here, yeah, and then canceled here on the pie charts.

Speaker 1  50:36
Fine, yeah. Okay, all right, well, that answers that answer that question. So, all right, how many more? How many more meetings do we have?

Matthias Miller  50:53
How many more do you need? Or how close are you to? I

Matthias Miller  51:03
What else do you have on the I don't know to build out

Unknown Speaker  51:06
yet. I don't know you. Tell me

Matthias Miller  51:09
I'm not, I'm not super. I mean, if you, if you're asking for 10, Hey, yo, what's up? How's it going?

Speaker 1  51:19
That's Matt. Do out. No, I don't, I don't. We have that much, that much left. It's going to be, there's going to be some integrating. I have the website crew working on those embed codes right now, so those are going to get put over. We got to make sure, you know, run a test or two, make sure that's operating. And then there's probably just going to be small maintenance here and there. Maintenance here and there.

Matthias Miller  51:44
So just, just hang me. I'm not counting. If it's just stuff like that, don't worry about it. If you're if you suddenly go from how you've been and become incredibly needy, then we'll have to have a conversation.

Speaker 1  51:59
But well, if that happens, it's going to take another years. I mean, well, I look back at some of our emails and what our target live date was like, July 28 or something, and here we in versa.

Matthias Miller  52:14
Hello, dad. Heard of it

Speaker 1  52:21
all, right? Well, appreciate you doing that. That onboarding with those guys, yeah, eventually there's, there's a there's a department, the garage door department would really benefit from a CRM program. The salesperson we have there. Yeah, it just, let's just say that the lack of follow ups is very drastic there. So Mike, we might reach out to you here in a year or so and try to get some of that. I don't know how how friendly go high level is with integrating with other programs and different different sell that yet, but we'll cross that bridge later.

Matthias Miller  53:07
So yeah, it's definitely doable. We just need to take a look at what's required that point. All right, cool. Sounds good? All right, yeah, you bet will do you too. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai