Unknown Speaker  00:01
Okay, so I've got a

Speaker 1  00:02
bunch of stuff here on my list. So it'd be easier to, to just reach out. So Yvonne from the Colorado Springs independent, whatever is the publication business, and she works with the Business Journal, all that kind of stuff. I don't know if you can find her on LinkedIn, if you can't, that's fine. But I wanted to get in touch with her, I'd like to schedule it on another. Maybe around another meeting, I think there is a There's a color nonprofit association event, maybe next week, something like that. I don't remember for sure. And not even sure if it works for me to go to that. But maybe that could be something I could schedule it around. Or, if we can do it at Kairos, then I could do it, you know, around SPI or downtown by the golden goose. But I just want to get it get it on on your list as I think about when we can schedule that. The other one was with and I don't even remember her name, The lady with facts, figures, forensics, calm. And maybe doing with me just a video call or something with her might be the easiest way to get in touch with her. I want to talk with her about nonprofit stuff. And you can check in with me before we actually, you know, do much more on that. One other question was I'll send you another postcard, somebody to connect with on LinkedIn if we're not connected yet. I'm trying to think what else there was one of the other major things that needs to be done. Brad Roland, We recently recorded a podcast with him and we talked about his personal health, and he would like to have that removed. So I was wondering if you could go into either go into my honor, or go into my archive, you can get a link that I sent to ash, Ashley Arnold, and copy was cut carbon copy the en surgeon at double Ender wonder I don't know if you can just kind of do a control acid search for kind of where that is and the range and then send an email to Ian

Unknown Speaker  02:00
from my email address just asking him if that can be removed.

Unknown Speaker  02:03
That would be fantastic.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai