Unknown Speaker  00:38
Hello, Hey, Good morning.

Unknown Speaker  00:44
Does the AI on your computer revolting against you?

Matthias Miller  00:48
Apparently?

Unknown Speaker  00:55
No, I don't

Speaker 1  00:59
know if Dwayne Well, I don't think there's anything that really involves him anyway, but I can't remember if he was planning to be on or not.

Matthias Miller  01:15
He asked me if it got moved because he saw the event. They didn't say whether he explained and join us or not, okay?

Speaker 1  01:23
Well, I'm going to give him a quick call. I mean, I guess yeah, just let him know we are back in with him.

Speaker 1  01:34
But the next meeting, next Thursday the 22nd just normal time. Does that work for for you?

Matthias Miller  01:46
It does it? Does work for me? Yes, yeah. I don't

Speaker 1  01:53
know about Seth. I know Dwayne's going to be out all next week. They're going to what is Dave Ramsey's course on entree country leadership. Yeah, they're going to that something. Not sure where that is, but yeah, so he won't be on next week, but then we'll plan for the 22nd so I'll give Wayne a call see if he wants to join. But why don't you just not get an update on that and then positive pay,

Speaker 2  02:28
um, the notch file thing is working, so that's going to work. We're not using it for truist yet. We're waiting on them. We have to. They have two different platforms. They have the.com online site that we were doing a manual entries. And you have to they have a different platform for online banking, for doing all the positive pay, not to upload commercial stuff that we were not using. So they need to be getting that account set up, and it takes some authorization from Gabe and so on. So it's a little slower than happening there, but I don't perceive that there's going to be anything there that we don't already have built that we would okay. So I think we're all good there. Um, one thing with the nachhi files, in regard to the positive pay, I was working with CSP a little bit, and did some of that. We have that one rolling live with positive pay and with them anyway, there's no need for any sort of upload on any like ACH transactions that we create at the bank to go out. Okay, so it just says, it just says, you told us to make this payment already, so it's not issue. So I don't think there's anything more to do with notch files, unless something shows up with truest

Matthias Miller  04:02
I do have a question. We are creating multiple entries. Let's say you're paying you mentioned something like the metal shop six different does that need to change to be consolidated into a single entry in the notch file?

Speaker 2  04:21
Um, well, we have the single entry hitting the bank account in accounting. But the problem was we have, we have the single entry hitting, and we also had the the consult, I mean, the individual per invoice entry hitting as well. So what we needed was to get rid of the per invoice entry. Wait,

Matthias Miller  04:54
run that by me one more time

Speaker 2  04:56
so it shows both show up. Uh. Let's see if I can find them. So like when you when I do a check that pays multiple invoices, right then it shows up just as the check amount on the bank account in assist with the notcha file. That's what's supposed to happen, and that does happen, but it also shows, oh, that's not the one I want. It also shows, like the payment, the payment on the invoice, as one individual invoice. That's part of the notcha file shows up over there as well. At least it was.

Matthias Miller  05:43
Oh, this is on the accounting impact.

Speaker 2  05:45
On the accounting impact, right? By the way, this looks you guys got that cleared up. So, because we talked about that last time, yeah, those other entries aren't here anymore, so we just have the not sure grows.

Matthias Miller  06:07
Okay. So, I mean, so as far as generating like or paying a vendor with for six different invoices, that's bank is handling all that combination or whatever, and,

Speaker 2  06:23
oh, you're saying for paying as far as, like, authorization for them, correct? Yeah, it seems like they're that's just fine. I mean, they're taking them as individual lines out of the notch of file to make sure that those are like they're just going by what we tell them. Here it is. So pay them individually. They what hits the bank at ledger is a single combined amount. All right,

Unknown Speaker  07:03
good. And then,

Matthias Miller  07:09
so then, if we would Okay, so then, if we do need to do a positive pay for not to files, we'll need to know whether I uh, whether those need to be combined or or split out

Speaker 2  07:28
individually per vendor, right? Like, well, should

Matthias Miller  07:31
it? Should it be one per vendor? Invoice, one per vendor? I mean, you know how, how that needs to work. But seems, seems plausible that other banks won't, won't need positive pay for that either. So there's always that,

Speaker 2  07:46
right? I would wait to do anything more with that until we know for sure, because it doesn't seem like when we did on the positive pay, then you have that upload to build. Do we need anything for the for the checks we do. You need anything more for that?

Matthias Miller  08:09
Let me go take a look at that,

Speaker 2  08:12
like the file that We can download to upload at the bank, checks. I

Unknown Speaker  08:50
So Sorry, positive, pay I'm

Speaker 2  09:31
so in the bottom the highlighted things, the more details of positive pay works for notch of files, particularly the check number for not to payment would not be necessary because we're not even trying to upload those.

Unknown Speaker  09:53
Okay? Well, the next one will be out as well. I.

Unknown Speaker  10:01
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  10:02
and so I think here, let me just

Speaker 2  10:10
probably the main thing that I was concerned about would be making, because if we just do a check report, the handwritten checks that get entered simply by putting the handwritten check number in the vendor what's the field the payment ID field on the vendor invoice? I think it is. Those never create check records, so they would not be on a report of checks. So I don't know you had mentioned something about maybe being able to push those over and can just create check records out of something like that, which I think that would be great.

Matthias Miller  10:53
Well, my thought was more like train AP, that you need to create check records for handwritten checks.

Unknown Speaker  11:01
Oh, bummer,

Speaker 1  11:03
but, but how much more work is there to do that? Like is

Unknown Speaker  11:07
if, um,

Speaker 2  11:14
well, considerably, well, no, okay, it depends this better answer. If you want a vendor invoice and a check payment, then there's considerably more work. But if you want just a check record that does no vendor invoice connected to it, then it's the same, pretty much. I but,

Speaker 1  11:44
but it, why wouldn't we move to do just to do that, like, just have them enter, okay, they're already entering the it has, but then doing the chain breaker and tying it to that is, there,

Speaker 2  12:01
are you? Well, basically, because you have to go through the bill payment system, but it's the only way that I know of. Well,

Matthias Miller  12:10
we can give you a different path to creating a check directly from a vendor, single vendor invoice, if that's what needs to happen, to make, to facilitate this.

Speaker 1  12:30
Wouldn't it be helpful as well? When you reconcile, I don't know, are there not it's that?

Speaker 2  12:41
No, it's not helpful for reconciling, because we pit we pull in all the payment record IDs into the reconcile page. And so if they put the check number down on the bottom of vendor invoice and say, yeah, it was paid and it was the reference number is so and so, then I have that reference number to go by. So it there's, there's no benefit like that. I just thought, well, all the information for the check is right there. Can you just hit a? You know, like if there's a, if there's a digit number in that reference ID and it doesn't already have a check record, kind of just create a check record because all the information is right there. But maybe that's more programming work than what it's worth.

Matthias Miller  13:39
Well, I mean, the I um, there's all of the in what conditions I guess. I guess if it is a, if there's a reference number in there,

Speaker 2  13:58
I mean, I would say the conditions would be as long as there's a reference number that is in numerical digits, like because all the check records require numerical digits for the

Unknown Speaker  14:11
for those records, for the number.

Matthias Miller  14:16
Could we do? Could we do a hybrid? So I

Matthias Miller  14:29
uh oh, this is,

Matthias Miller  14:41
you mean the payment by reference. You mean payment ID,

Unknown Speaker  14:45
right, the payment ID,

Matthias Miller  14:47
and if the payment type is one of the one of the checking ones, yeah. I.

Speaker 2  15:27
I mean, I'm just afraid, like, if we, if we use the standard system and tell them, hey, we want you to create checks for these vendor invoices. There's, there's so many, there's extra steps that need done to make sure that it doesn't put it on the print list, because it automatically gets put on the print list, and I would hate for them to miss A step. And we started printing out extra checks. I

Matthias Miller  16:05
um, so we need a way to flag the payment types. Is checking which I assume this means putting Another check box, okay, on the payment type. I'm

Matthias Miller  16:58
so the the the bridge is, is the payment type.

Matthias Miller  17:11
So every time that they should create vendor invoice, payments out of i

Matthias Miller  17:28
Oh, And side note, it's also the payment status is paid in some way.

Unknown Speaker  17:35
Yeah, paid or prepaid. I

Matthias Miller  17:46
uh, but really, if it's paid, or if it is, if, if, if a vendor invoices paid or prepaid in any way, and it's for the checking account. Should always, in that situation, have a check attached to it, right?

Unknown Speaker  18:06
Um, not if it's an E payment,

Matthias Miller  18:09
but that would then be an E payment,

Speaker 2  18:12
yeah, by accounting, nothing different happens. So if somebody selects e payment and puts a check number in, it's all going to be correct on the accounting side. So if they do that, that would be fine to create one using E payment. But the thing is, they can have primary check and say that this was an E payment.

Matthias Miller  18:39
Well, they'll learn fast enough not to put E payment in,

Unknown Speaker  18:43
I guess.

Matthias Miller  18:45
I mean, sorry if I'm being, I'm being a little obnoxious here, but you're, you're an AP, like, it's not an E payment. So why are you putting the wrong thing in? Yeah, right. I mean, you'll get your hand slapped because you're being lazy.

Matthias Miller  19:09
And so if it's paid or prepaid on primary checking, regardless of anything else, payment, ID, payment, whatever you need a you need a check associated with it. And we could just warn when you save and then give you a link called you check, and it tries to populate as much of the check as possible based on what you have filled in,

Speaker 2  19:38
I don't know, and it should require a check number, if you're going to if you're going to say it was the checking account and it's prepaid,

Matthias Miller  19:48
well, either either check number or right. And I guess here lies the problem, because I.

Unknown Speaker  20:03
But typically go ahead,

Speaker 2  20:06
the check record with no number automatically is on the print list, right? So we should be requiring the check number here, and there's no reason they don't have one, right?

Unknown Speaker  20:23
Their information always comes. It

Speaker 2  20:25
comes from it, yeah, a copy of the chat.

Speaker 1  20:30
But what? Okay, but am I correct? The potential would exist if we go that route, that somebody could, no, it would just be the wrong if they picked the wrong status and enter a check number, they could make something show like it was, disregard everything. I just said that that would be,

Speaker 2  20:55
yeah, the payment the parent information requires you to have does it require you to have paid or prepaid, or it's the other way around. If you want to mark paid or prepaid, you have to mark the other stuff. I think you

Unknown Speaker  21:10
have to say how?

Matthias Miller  21:12
So we could just, oh, so, okay, You might win me over.

Unknown Speaker  21:20
So I'm

Matthias Miller  22:33
well, I guess we could even do it. We could do it like this.

Unknown Speaker  22:38
I think I

Matthias Miller  22:52
do you want to warn we don't do this any other i

Speaker 1  23:11
What do you want? Or do you stop? Shouldn't you just make it stop?

Unknown Speaker  23:21
I mean, like the record doesn't do me any good if it's not all there.

Matthias Miller  23:37
All right, two two questions. Uh, Dwayne and Mark, you have any instincts or hesitations about having an auto create checks,

Unknown Speaker  23:54
as long as they come to me, I'm all in.

Matthias Miller  23:59
That's an extra fee, but doable. I

Unknown Speaker  24:02
mean, I mean, if the fee's not, you know, obnoxious, I might pay that fee.

Matthias Miller  24:07
It's, it's commission only.

Unknown Speaker  24:10
I mean, anytime you start automating checks, that starts to make somebody nervous.

Speaker 1  24:16
I mean, the only, the only concern I have is that we don't, it doesn't get mixed up with the checks to print where like and it seems like there is a pretty well we're not, as long as we make sure there's not an easy way to to print, like double pay we have the handwritten check, and then we also end up printing one and mailing it out, but I don't,

Speaker 2  24:44
as long as we force the number on the VI record name and ID, you would have to simply go back in and select that check and say, I want to print. This check it would not come up in a

Speaker 1  25:07
to print list unless you did that your print key only brings up the the unnumbered ones, right? What the kind of a side question. But why is check stock. Why does it have to print number on the check? Like, why don't? Why? Why you print everything else on it, or most of it? Why not print the check number on the stock as well?

Speaker 2  25:30
I don't know. I guess, because there's a potential of duplicating numbers then I guess, I don't

Matthias Miller  25:41
know. Like, yeah, it's because, it's because, it's because of the in between phase when we went, This is my guess, but when we went from writing all of our checks to printing all of our checks. And I mean, I remember back in the day, a vendor would come in and dad would grab a check off the top stack for the printer and fill it out, put the stub on the bookkeepers desk and keep going. I suspect. I don't know if there's any fraud reason. Anti fraud reasons. Well, it's also the check number is also encoded on the bottom. So that's the other issue, and and those are, that's probably the bigger deal. It

Speaker 2  26:34
probably has some things hearkening back to the same reason why not to files have long lines on them. That's

Matthias Miller  26:42
that's would expect that. So the other question, then is, if somebody comes back in on the vendor invoice changes the amount, changes the check number, does anything like that. Do you want it to update the linked check? Do you want it to warn

Unknown Speaker  27:01
what was the first question? Do you want it to update?

Matthias Miller  27:04
What the associated check? So let's say they create the vendor invoice. We ought to create a check.

Speaker 2  27:18
Probably war, because I mean, just that there is an associate check associated to this. Do you want to change it? Kind of thing? Because if it was entered wrong, it does need fixed, and

Speaker 1  27:36
it potentially exists that it for that because you're not. You're

Speaker 2  27:44
Yeah, there is no, there's no hard printed from the system version of this check out there in the world somewhere. So changing it, you know, there's reasonable reason for needing to change it, but I would Say warning would be good. I

Speaker 3  28:31
so these push to the

Speaker 2  28:45
checking account based on the vendor information field, the release payment fields here and normal checked records pushed to the bank account in their own way. Is there something that we need to make sure we're not duplicating this. No

Matthias Miller  29:08
vendor invoice will push across if it's linked to a check, and I'll let the check do the work of pushing across. So

Speaker 2  29:16
these will just act the same way as the other checks. Then, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  29:21
Well, no issues there.

Matthias Miller  29:26
But if we did go ahead, the

Speaker 1  29:27
other question I have, Matthias is, what, okay we, we more or less need to do this to properly do positive pay, right?

Matthias Miller  29:39
Yeah, and, and the question that you should be asking, and it's in my head, is, why not just do positive pay records that link to directly to

Unknown Speaker  29:53
vendor invoices and track those i.

Matthias Miller  30:00
If we're going to create positive pay records

Unknown Speaker  30:03
Anyway, well, that would work too.

Speaker 1  30:05
Um, well, what I was going to ask was, I mean, how much, how much work are we looking at on creating check records from the handwritten checks? I

Matthias Miller  30:31
I mean, it's, I don't know if it's, it's maybe just half a day, but at most, but, but it's barely worth it unless it considerably simplifies the design.

Speaker 1  30:53
You, I didn't, didn't understand all of that. You said it's, it's,

Matthias Miller  30:57
I mean, it's not more than half a day, but I don't know that it's worth the complexity unless it substantially simplifies design.

Speaker 1  31:10
I think Drew, that's what you had initially, had been thinking initially it was instead of just, just, yeah, the vendor invoice records for,

Speaker 2  31:24
yeah, the positive pay report would have to pull from check records and from the vendor invoice records. So as long as we can, as long as we can do that, um, that would work. I just had was thinking you were saying, Well, what if we just make those that should that are checks, just create check record, and then we can just pull the positive pay report from one place. So I don't know which is simple or simpler be the way to go. And as far as on the vendor invoice, I was thinking we would need to pull in E payments, but we don't right, because it's not going to know who the payee is anyway. Because even on those they go by this, this, I don't know, assigned identifier, and it has nothing to do with, or very little to do with their name, actually. So they have to just hit the bank, and then we have to create a filter for them at that point. So you could take the same criteria that we've been talking about here. Just say, if it's primary checking and paid or prepaid and has a number in the blank, put it on the positive pay file. And I would again, if you're going to market checking and paid or prepaid, force a check number,

Speaker 3  32:58
right? We still need that part. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  33:05
So, okay, here, here's, here's iteration number two. That's probably better. Let's see if we we do this.

Matthias Miller  33:20
Okay, so we have payment type,

Matthias Miller  33:31
okay, and on the accounting company,

Unknown Speaker  33:38
add, if,

Matthias Miller  33:43
uh, vendor invoice, if the payment status is paid or prepaid, and the accounting company and the payment, payment type use positive pay require. An all numeric payment ID, and then we have positive pay record, which is all of this stuff,

Unknown Speaker  34:15
almost all of this stuff,

Matthias Miller  34:18
except we do not need a exported,

Matthias Miller  34:25
and then we have a new positive pay record. Opens an unsaved positive pay record with all print printed checks that have not been

Unknown Speaker  34:46
positive paid

Matthias Miller  34:50
have unprinted checks, and all pay prepaid the eyes that need positive pay so. And then Drew's process. And then we also need daily email that looks for i

Matthias Miller  35:33
Well, actually do email that I'm

Speaker 2  36:03
um, make that be at 330 actually, because I uploaded at six and was too late the other day.

Matthias Miller  36:13
So okay, my

Speaker 2  36:15
I'm wondering if it doesn't, maybe have a four o'clock shut off, because I know there are some things that are at four, like their ACH processing is at four and some stuff like that. So I

Unknown Speaker  37:11
see the policy I

Unknown Speaker  37:41
The lessons 14.

Unknown Speaker  38:02
So something like that.

Matthias Miller  38:06
So on the payment type, add positive use positive pay checkbox to the payment type the accounting company on the vendor invoice if it's paid or prepaid, and both the company and the payment type, use positive pay require an all numeric payment ID. We have a positive pay record that's tied to accounting company. It's got a vendor invoice mid. It has a payment it

Matthias Miller  38:39
has a my quite sure I like this daily email design, but anyway, we'll get to that payment ID. This can be i

Matthias Miller  39:09
Seth, would you prefer this? Or would you prefer something like like this?

Matthias Miller  39:21
That's better. I think I'm

Speaker 2  39:45
um on the payee, make sure you're pulling in the check name, however, would have been printed on checks, so dropping the dash, ABC, um at the end, it might be taking. A different name. And if there'd be a way to do that

Unknown Speaker  40:06
for

Speaker 2  40:11
the vendor invoices to drop the dash abc thing as well on the vendor, I doubt we would have a special name if it's a handwritten check. Anyway so, and those are likely to be exceptions anyone else.

Matthias Miller  40:33
I think a I think, I mean push comes to shove. I think you would have the option to edit the export, if you really have to. I don't know it's maybe not the perfect thing, but Right, so I'm thinking what it would actually be nicer is something like a I

Matthias Miller  41:11
so we'll need up to up to three positive pay records. I'm

Unknown Speaker  41:24
How do you mean

Matthias Miller  41:26
one for North Carolina, one for vinyl, one for right. I wonder if we could just I

Unknown Speaker  41:45
can we do this?

Unknown Speaker  41:51
Just separate emails? Yep,

Speaker 3  41:56
yeah, it should be just fine. I You're

Speaker 1  42:07
probably gonna be asking, at some point, drew for a report of all outstanding Jakes to verify against. Sort of maybe not. Are you just gonna go to the Jake search for, well,

Speaker 2  42:24
yeah, which, you know, in a sense, to have those others. But I don't know. I think if you have extra stuff uploaded, I don't, I don't know that it matters if you have a whole bunch of items that you uploaded on positive pay that are never going to come through or are duplicated or

Speaker 1  42:46
but no What I meant was like, if you get a list of exceptions from the bank having a report where Say, Well, what was this? And the ability to open up a like, here's all the outstanding positive upload it, and maybe have self pains too, but it's probably not worth it. That would be

Speaker 2  43:13
that would be nice for the vendor invoice versions, um, the others, yeah, would be nice. But I can find it fairly quick by just with the check search, you know, and the vendor invoice ones I can find with the search of the amount too. It's just, it's not all nice, and can consolidated. So what that way, that would be kind of nice. Anything that's not

Unknown Speaker  43:45
that has been on the positive pay record and has not cleared would show up on that thing. That'd be kind of nice.

Matthias Miller  43:59
Wait, something good.

Speaker 1  44:00
I was thinking, should we do? Go ahead and do the positive pay, or like the positive pay upload for now, stay with the manual or like and wait to do that report until later. See we actually needed like, or we have a better idea on what we're well,

Matthias Miller  44:21
here's, here's a very simple Well, I mean Having a positive day pay report to prompt for i

Unknown Speaker  44:44
Well,

Speaker 2  44:46
can you just say I want all new items? That's what you would upload. Or if you're going to look at things, you could say, I want all unclared items. You.

Matthias Miller  45:20
So really here as well You're looking at,

Speaker 3  45:39
yeah, yeah. Trying to remember what the

Speaker 1  45:57
what status of cleared or reconciled or both

Unknown Speaker  46:01
I would probably

Unknown Speaker  46:06
do either or like

Speaker 2  46:10
cleared or reconciled for these purposes, call it the Same thing I think, or make the same action

Unknown Speaker  46:27
Yeah, sometimes, but don't have the whole right here.

Matthias Miller  46:49
I mean, what would be Bigger? Can

Unknown Speaker  47:55
Actually I'm

Unknown Speaker  48:50
my days mixed up and it does start tomorrow.

Unknown Speaker  49:01
That was my massive

Matthias Miller  49:05
I think it's use useful to have a positive pay report. It gives you visibility into what's going on. The only piece I'm not completely clear about is I

Matthias Miller  49:28
the process of creating a new positive pay record. It doesn't currently give you visibility into what, what we don't think is on anything, but you can pop open a new positive pay record and see what shows up on there, and

Speaker 2  49:46
you're saying, if so, if you go and pull up the you know you're looking at, hey, here's something. Is it on this? And it would be from today, and it. Be on the new one.

Matthias Miller  50:11
Currently, the positive pay report only shows you what positive pay records exist and what's on them. It doesn't say it doesn't show you what needs to be on them.

Speaker 2  50:39
So what would be an example of one that would not be on but would need to be

Matthias Miller  50:44
well, I mean, typically, typically there is no,

Matthias Miller  50:57
we don't typically create a positive pay record until 3pm or 330 when you pop it open, see what's there and you save it.

Speaker 2  51:05
Got it? Got it? Okay, so if it got created at 330 and and you saved the day's positive pay record at three o'clock. And something new is was at 330 and at four o'clock you went to see what's supposed to be on this thing, it wouldn't know anything about it,

Speaker 3  51:34
right? Well,

Speaker 2  51:41
I mean, in a particular case like that, it might be an issue. However, my guess is that whatever is created after four o'clock, if they ran to the bank, it would still not post until the next day, anyhow, so then being on the next day's record would be okay, as far as that goes.

Speaker 1  52:03
But could you in Drew's example, couldn't you just run another positive pay record, right? Yeah, did you say you, you could,

Matthias Miller  52:14
yeah. I mean, I guess it's, it's like, what's the point of running it that early? She's

Speaker 2  52:22
Yeah, it's not. It should. Just what we need to do is figure out, at what point does it need to be in the bank so that it can be compared with new items that come in for that same day, you know? So if that's at four o'clock, basically, it should be recorded as close to that four o'clock as possible and then sent to the bank,

Unknown Speaker  52:54
right? So I guess,

Matthias Miller  53:00
I guess my thought is, just don't save the record until you're really going to upload it right, right? And then just save and upload like that's the point. Save and upload and you you don't want, I'm assuming you want to have a little bit of an eyeball on what am, what are we actually approving here? Or, or, if that doesn't matter, then we can just automatically add positive pay for everything. But it kind of, then you don't really have the everything that gets written, passes Drew's eyes and approval.

Speaker 2  53:37
I mean, yeah, just, I mean, this is just a new thought that my need worked a little bit. But if something, if a record, if it has a positive pay record on it, there ought to be a way to, I don't know, warn the user if he's editing it to unpaid or something like that. Like we had a situation a while back where we had stuff that was prepaid, and then they went to update it, and they updated it to unpaid instead of paid. You know, I think it's just a miss clicking situation, but,

Speaker 2  54:33
I mean, I would be able to just in looking at those items, say, well, we never write this. We never write a check for this. You know, this is, this is generally a payment, but that's all just a matter of just kind of knowing and having a gut feeling for what's going on. You know, somebody new would never, wouldn't be able to post things, right? But

Matthias Miller  54:53
there's no harm in putting too much in, into the positive pay. I mean, right,

Speaker 2  55:05
right. It's just if, if we created a record saying we need to be paying these guys, and they actually were e paid. Well, no, that's fine, because if it's a it's not gonna write a deck. It's never gonna do Yeah, Never mind. That's fine.

Unknown Speaker  55:38
Okay? I

Matthias Miller  56:19
I'm going to throw these in the archive, because I think we covered it all. Oh, and then the the actual export.

Matthias Miller  56:34
They said that.

Matthias Miller  56:41
Let me see the order that this had here. I'm just going to drop this in here as a sample. Export.

Speaker 2  56:48
The order isn't important. I need to map it at the bank anyway, and it can have extra columns too.

Speaker 2  57:00
No header, no footer. Is important, though, is it

Matthias Miller  57:12
a CSV Excel file? It's

Speaker 2  57:14
a CSV well, for CSP, Mercedes, bank. It's specifically CSV. I actually had to convert from Excel to CSV for it to work. Now, I don't know about the other banks, because I haven't uploaded anything. I haven't started

Matthias Miller  57:36
them. So typically, what is typical in a in a Bank Ledger, typically it would be date, check number, pay amount, right?

Unknown Speaker  57:47
Probably, I think that makes sense.

Unknown Speaker  58:00
Well,

Speaker 2  58:06
little statement, they would have the check numbers first, because that's what they have in order. But on, I think on a ledger, what you have is correct,

Unknown Speaker  58:18
right? I mean,

Matthias Miller  58:22
quick, QuickBooks, register is this order? I mean, all right, well, I'm happy for criteria checks only. I handle Okay, so

Unknown Speaker  58:56
think i

Matthias Miller  59:16
All right, were you going to do any automation for handwritten checks, phone menu or anything like that. No,

Matthias Miller  59:29
all right, I think we can just do this then. I don't think there's anything really relevant here. I

Unknown Speaker  1:00:46
I mean, there you go.

Speaker 1  1:00:54
Everything's done, but just just the work to do it yet, right? Exactly, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:01:05
I think this is, I feel like we have a well thought out outline here. Good. So as far as priorities, this is the next project you're or the top priority you're working on, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:01:31
Can't be Seth,

Matthias Miller  1:01:33
I mean, whatever you want. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:01:36
yeah. Well, let's, let's look at three and four yet, and then see if, I guess the question I should have asked is, is, is there any difference in which order We do these three projects? I

Matthias Miller  1:02:00
don't think necessarily.

Speaker 1  1:02:04
Okay, well, let's, let's take a look at three and four and then determine which of these, which is most important. So this is for your email. Matthias, what would it take to clean this up? So I

Matthias Miller  1:02:33
I mean, we just which reported was called the slow one, the slow pulls very fast. No, I mean, it's the, it's, it's the fast.

Speaker 2  1:02:45
Well, okay, then why did you get, I only got 16.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:56
Maybe it wasn't for all companies. Yeah, it

Speaker 3  1:02:58
was, sure it was memo differences.

Speaker 2  1:03:02
Oh yeah, that's probably like memo differences. Okay, so it

Matthias Miller  1:03:10
sounds like we need a way to clean up memo differences or something, or just say, weird. We never care about memo differences. But then we need to, I don't know, then we need to stop changing the import to try to update ones when they have memo differences.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:30
What is, what is the memo? So

Speaker 2  1:03:31
it goes from is when they change a vendor name, that's what most of them are. So if you decide that instead of Sherwin Williams dash Goshen, I want sure Sherwin Williams, comma, Goshen, then every single Sherwin Williams, dash Goshen, transaction that ever happened is going to show up here on this issue in a locked period where it can't just update. So the more years that we have under our belt, the worse this is going to get.

Speaker 1  1:04:11
And the reason you're flagging for it, Matthias, I expect, is because then you truly have a transaction that doesn't match to whatever document. You're matching to, like your vendor invoice or your purchase order, right?

Speaker 1  1:04:35
So this is probably not possible, but what would be ideal is if, if you make a change to a contact record. It no that would be create more issues. It just changes. It changes everything historically as well, like there's no even

Speaker 2  1:04:55
in a locked period that would that. That would be ideal, because if you would like merge contacts, you know, let's say, say, Okay, we're not going to worry about all these different Sherwin Williams stores. It's just Sherwin Williams now, you know, then historically, it would just throw them all together, but then you're making edits to locked periods and,

Matthias Miller  1:05:23
oh, I mean, you could theoretically say that memos can be edited for locked periods. There's a world in which we could do that

Speaker 2  1:05:32
that. I mean, that would be great actually, because anytime that you need to write a new transaction in the current period to fix a problem in the old period. It's nice if you can notate that back then, you know.

Speaker 1  1:05:52
But if we I think what Matthias is saying, if we allow editing of memos in close periods, that would resolve 200 and more than two? Well, yeah, yeah, it would resolve

Unknown Speaker  1:06:09
most of us,

Unknown Speaker  1:06:12
like you had 16, if you

Matthias Miller  1:06:16
specifically the notes that we need, we would need to allow, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:06:28
Is that those kinds of looks,

Matthias Miller  1:06:34
I mean, that's, that's where the where these get stored, yeah, uh, ah,

Matthias Miller  1:06:52
then we have the See,

Speaker 2  1:06:58
that's Different there. Oh, yeah, they changed from Chairman Williams comma, from hunger store to comma. It looked like the wholesale went through and did that kind of thing. Because it used to be M Tech, and now it's M Tech, dash, St.

Matthias Miller  1:07:18
We could also theoretically change. If that's the majority of things, we could change the memo to push the payee name over for checks. Doesn't catch every scenario, but it might clear up some. I

Matthias Miller  1:07:44
most of the others are, a lot of the others are that are, number of them, at least, are asset related,

Speaker 2  1:07:51
right? And we and we said, there's a solution. What was the fix that we had come up with that? I know we discussed it. I

Unknown Speaker  1:08:04
And we decided that there just is none.

Speaker 1  1:08:08
I can't remember. I know we discussed it, but I can't remember. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:08:12
you you delete the PO and you run it as a non Po, vendor, invoice.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:17
Ah, yeah, that

Matthias Miller  1:08:22
is what it was, because you don't need a hitting inventory,

Matthias Miller  1:08:31
all right. Well, just a heads up. I've got about 10 minutes before I need to drop off for another call. So we can pursue, I think, I think just pursuing can we? Can we do? Can we, can we allow editing notes on I think that's definitely, I think that's the most obvious next step. And I I suggest we just block out some and the in the in the asset stuff.

Speaker 1  1:09:17
Well, I'd say we'll try that solution if we bump into things that don't work or it just what we want to, some reason, keep the purchase order around, then we'll discuss next week. Is that, is that good? Sure, I kind of expect that's what we'll find, but we'll take a look at those and see if they could all be deleted and we just create non po or just put it in non pa expenses. So good. So let's take a quick look at the last. One. This is the most exciting one by far. So okay, if you open this, open the SKUs tab on cost tracking on the So, yeah, that one. So these, just as of this week, we've, we've turned a few of these live now, which means they're actually decrementing from inventory and IMs, which is Josh territory. But what that means is, when we go to apply, okay, so what this means, if this were the only building that we had this if we go to apply raw material costs. Now, instead of saying we use $200,000 for raw materials, we want to say we use $198,000

Unknown Speaker  1:10:45
for all materials. And like these $2,000 or basically whatever, consider bill of materials, um, consider the items listed on the bill of materials as fixed or actual costs.

Matthias Miller  1:11:09
So how do I'm assuming this gets tied out to a what pricing do we use? It will

Speaker 1  1:11:19
be tied out to us. I think with the change Josh is doing this, actually, I think he might show somewhere else. If you go to, there's another tab on this. It says, bomb rules. Well, not sure it will be tied out to, yeah. This is tied to an actual skew lot adjustment, which is, it'll pull the price in from that skew, sure. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:11:51
I think it's, it's just a matter then of on build, when we populate the FGI breakdown, I'm assuming, I'm assuming it's going to be a staged process where you fill out the bomb rules. And if we have any SKUs, pull the pull that as the actual cost, as a build date. And if not, is there really anything else that needs to happen?

Speaker 1  1:12:20
No, and you're right. It'll be staged. It'll start with just a small percentage of SKUs listed, and grow till 80 90% and you know, so. So we'll start out applying 190,000 to 200,000 and eventually we'll be down to only having maybe 20, 20,000 or 30,000 that need to apply it yet

Speaker 2  1:12:45
so on, the raw materials cost. If, if you have five items that have bomb rules and their cost was X dollars, is it going to be the standard cost, minus those dollars that are from the bomb rules, that's your remaining standard cost amount.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:13
No, it'll be 200,000 minus.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:19
Oh, two

Speaker 2  1:13:29
you know, I mean, like, I guess it's not going to adjust your cost. I mean, it adjusts what you applied the variable to, you know, you say, okay, instead of applying this variable across the whole thing, you're only going to apply it across the part that's not in bomb rooms, but it's not going to change your standard costing for the buildings until you say, Okay, we're doing away with standard cost. And everything is on bottoms.

Speaker 1  1:13:54
We'll never get to that. We'll always have a portion to So, okay, what you're saying is take the standard cost because, because the bomb rules will disproportionately put, I'm not sure what it's going to do. I think what we should do is, is, is do a quick mock this up in Excel and and attach this to to this incident, incentivize the calculations. But I think what I'm hearing from you, Matthias, is that it's pretty straightforward to do this.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:30
Maybe not.

Matthias Miller  1:14:33
Yeah, it's, it seems like it. You do need to know how you're going to account for standard cost. In some ways, it might actually make sense to set this as the standard cost and to freeze it.

Speaker 1  1:14:52
Yeah, we can do some, some theory, some calculations on a spreadsheet and and send you those. But I would say. Well, then let's as far as priority. Let's do the positive, pay the accounting mismatches, the memos pursue that, and then the changes to the applying actual cost to that layers. Okay, you're obviously that. You're waiting on us for more information on that, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:15:30
So

Speaker 2  1:15:32
what kind of time frame are you thinking on the positive Bay, if we do that first bird Well,

Matthias Miller  1:15:40
I mean, it's not it's not going to be live by. I mean, it's going to be little over a week at a minimum, but Seth, I don't know what your schedule is like. Is it? Is it a couple weeks you're muted? Sorry, there's a call going on behind me, so I had muted myself so it wasn't bleeding back and forth. Cut is Tuesday, and I was away the first four days of this week, so I'm going to be pretty booked for I'm guessing I'll be pretty booked through mid next week. I

Matthias Miller  1:16:24
after that, let me think, oh, that I'm traveling end of next week, so I'm gonna have very little time next week, probably after that, it should open up a fair bit more. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:16:44
we're, I mean, that's annoying

Speaker 1  1:16:46
that you might not do the other positive, wow, yeah,

Speaker 2  1:16:50
I don't start the other one. So we'll just probably run a lot of exceptions and blur them out, which is

Speaker 1  1:16:55
better than what we're doing now, what we're doing before anyway, like we weren't even looking at them, like, right? But it's Yeah, so you're saying by not next week, but the following week, week of Memorial Day. It could be

Speaker 1  1:17:17
that yeah, probably, and that should be fine, yeah, big, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:17:23
good.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:28
Anything else?

Speaker 2  1:17:32
No, that update to the use tax being a separate thing with everything soon to work. So thank you for that

Unknown Speaker  1:17:48
good, good, awesome.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:50
Well, thanks guys, Yep, good,

Unknown Speaker  1:17:53
yeah, thank you. Yeah.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai