Unknown Speaker  00:22
Is was sharing your your music with the world, or at least with these guys.

Matthias Miller  00:29
Yeah, see, I missed my calling.

Speaker 1  00:35
Did? Did did the the song make the rounds through the office over there?

Speaker 2  00:40
Yeah, just listening to it right now. It's beautiful.

Speaker 1  00:53
I'll play that at the start of my my session at the nbsra this that'll be the welcome when you're walking in the only shed you need. All my hopes and dreams are in that

Matthias Miller  01:05
shed. It'll be your walk up, son,

Unknown Speaker  01:07
yeah,

Unknown Speaker  01:12
as you walk up the aisle. It

Unknown Speaker  01:18
was pretty good, pretty funny. I

Matthias Miller  01:25
All right? Well,

Unknown Speaker  01:28
somebody needs to throw up the dashboard just for fun.

Matthias Miller  01:33
Yeah, let's see if I can find it quick.

Unknown Speaker  01:41
Is it still the only dashboard?

Unknown Speaker  01:43
Hot, hot, hot, hot,

Speaker 3  01:51
there you go. That might be my only chance to make that joke today. So

Speaker 2  01:59
I love it. Do you know how we make colors better? Can you define a palette?

Unknown Speaker  02:06
Hit refresh. Matthias, there you go. Seth, now it's his only dashboard.

Speaker 1  02:17
I have been fiddling with colors, and I've tried to get chat, GPT to help me, and grok to help me. And it's like, I just want to beat my head against the wall. Colors is not my my forte,

Unknown Speaker  02:35
but it looks a lot better in dark mode, though.

Speaker 1  02:37
It does go, yeah, it does. It definitely does.

Matthias Miller  02:48
I always wanted to

Speaker 2  02:51
Ah, no, unlucky, unlucky.

Unknown Speaker  02:55
Let me see if I

Unknown Speaker  03:03
There we go, I'm not sure. And your passwords with 123,

Matthias Miller  03:07
hey, us. Do you know what the first part is?

Speaker 1  03:16
Beautiful. Hey, Matthias, go down to the bottom two charts and put, just put your mouse on something's wrong with the tool tip. Why is it saying 2020, but not for fixing now we'll fix it later. Things a little wrong. See it's a little wrong. I saw, I saw somebody overnight added linking to transactions. Oh, to, uh, to accounting transactions. Woohoo.

Speaker 3  03:49
Oh yes, that was me. I was trying to figure what we're talking about that way, yeah. The fun thing is, we can. We're reusing the logic we use for linking for notes. So it was pretty simple, and we don't have these links to find in two places.

Matthias Miller  04:10
That's just beautiful. So you can drill down in here. We don't have the accounting transactions link here, though.

Unknown Speaker  04:18
Yeah, we need that. That'd be cool. We're gonna need that on all,

Speaker 3  04:27
on all records that which currently, is it, product, payment and contract? Is that it?

Matthias Miller  04:35
Yes, that's it right now.

Unknown Speaker  04:40
Okay, I'll make a note.

Matthias Miller  04:44
That's just, guys look at that. Oh yeah,

Speaker 1  04:55
if only. And then I clicked on, make a payment. The payment dashboard screen came up that would be what,

Matthias Miller  05:06
what would it take to or where we

Speaker 2  05:10
we are very close. I've been working on this this week, and I, I have the whole entry interface done. I The piece I'm working on now is applying the payment but I'd say we're one day out from having being able to spin up a test instance that we don't have to update all the time.

Matthias Miller  05:33
Okay, do we need to nail down the EPO data model before we before you can finish that up. Yes, so let's maybe Dwayne, do we want to see if we can? When are you coming back from your lunch with PD? I'm assuming,

Speaker 1  06:01
I mean, if you want to, if you want to track something for this afternoon, that's fine.

Matthias Miller  06:07
We have, he's showing up in five, in five minutes, right? Yeah, okay, let's be back by 230 or now,

Unknown Speaker  06:20
I would think so. I would think so.

Matthias Miller  06:27
The other option is, would be probably three, yeah, let's try this. I

Unknown Speaker  06:44
sweet.

Matthias Miller  06:50
I may need to break off break we can't get it done in 30 minutes. I may have to drop off and come back and tackle it again. But good.

Speaker 3  07:04
Do you want a brief update on Yes, we had worked on them. Nick, knocked out card layout for contacts. Jonathan, do you want to mute myself? Nick, did Carla out for contacts. Jocelyn has put a ton of work into payments and how we feel that on contracts like, a lot of work on that, and there's still stuff to do, but he's making very good progress.

Unknown Speaker  07:31
I'm just gonna say contact record looks pretty good.

Speaker 3  07:40
And then we've also just had continuing miscellaneous things like a few things of the county impact damage waiver fee abbreviations should be showing up throughout the system, and then various layout helper lists, validation update stuff like that. So little things like that just add up. But we're making progress. So that's, yeah,

Matthias Miller  08:04
our little update. Sweet.

Speaker 3  08:07
There's any specific things we should be hammering the next week or so?

Matthias Miller  08:15
The major is the least plugin way, stuff like the EPO. I don't know I switched my audio, so you probably can't understand me anymore. I can hear you. Okay, awesome. So the main thing is, like, the list of stuff that I gave you and Jonathan, including EPO, like these macros and EPO stuff, it would be good to get that cleaned up. Dwayne, can you think of anything else?

Speaker 1  08:39
Well, that's what, that's what I was going to mention, total contract value, contract value, contract balance, remaining months, or EPO stuff, all of that working correctly and showing up on the contract record. So those are, yeah, I have no, I don't know that's necessarily for the show or not, the transaction history thing, I don't know. We might want to think about that a little bit, but maybe not that one the report this guy, I played around a little bit with it. I really like this. I played around with some indenting stuff, just to kind of create some visual separation. I'm not 100% sure if I'm knocked out about including the incurred end page. Yet, if we're going to include the Curt incurred, we probably include the incurred date. And there's we can go round and round on this thing. I don't know that's extremely important for the show. It's like, you can throw this up and go, we have a transaction history. Yeehaw, it'll be a whole lot better by the time we but by the time we ship.

Matthias Miller  09:43
Wouldn't this be simplified substantially if we had

Matthias Miller  09:54
rose drooped by period and by um? And by this doesn't exactly work. You have no good way to replicate dates. I don't know.

Matthias Miller  10:14
It's tough to it'd be because of, because of the dates. Fees are incurred at different times and paid at different times and forgiven at different times. It's there's maybe not, not a really good way to to represent

Unknown Speaker  10:29
representative.

Speaker 3  10:36
Okay, well, well, hop off unless there's something else you want it from us.

Matthias Miller  10:45
I don't think so. I appreciate it. Thank you guys very much. Let's,

Speaker 1  10:56
let's fix that. Let's fix that tool tip thing before PD gets here, so that we don't look silly by showing 2020 and by the way, I made those are two different charts now on the bottom, just so I could, I wanted to split the colors, which, yes, I I'd had to. I realized that you could probably conditionally put the colors in based on the Ask prompt, but I was throwing things together.

Matthias Miller  11:26
Well, let's just do this.

Matthias Miller  11:47
The space in there would be good

Matthias Miller  11:55
look at that last year. Let's see. Okay, and then this guy do the same issue, same issue, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  12:16
Bring him. Bring bring him. Bring him back. Where's he at? And do doing? Well, yeah, good, come on. Come on and have a seat. Jump in.

Speaker 4  12:30
Hey, hang on. This is a mock up. It's not a mock up. This is an actual this is, this is

Unknown Speaker  12:37
getting ready for

Speaker 4  12:39
you're ahead of us. We ordered a rush banner yesterday. Gonna be tight. We have one.

Speaker 1  12:49
I'm still not done with all the 3d printing yet ads and still working on some the envelope one. So for

Matthias Miller  12:55
the background in this do you want?

Unknown Speaker  12:58
Like a time you go back three different stuff. I hold a 3d print because

Speaker 1  13:10
having so much fun printing. Yeah, yes, it is, come on, jumps, come sit down. We're going to have a fun conversation about accounting stuff. I am hoping to get some fun information out of your head and pay you with a really good one, chicken, hey, I'm here with one. PD, meet. Matthias. Matthias meet.

Unknown Speaker  13:34
PD, hey, hey.

Matthias Miller  13:36
PD, good to meet you.

Unknown Speaker  13:38
Oh, this is her mic, yeah.

Speaker 1  13:41
So we, well, just, I'll get let's bring you up to speed just a little bit. I don't know how much you remember for our conversation, but real time linking of account is a real thing. If you Matthias, if you'll bring up, I'm going to kind of let you drive a little bit, because otherwise I'm going to be because otherwise I'm going to be so we can stay on the big screen. We've spent about the last week and a half building sample data, and so all of this is real driven data that you're looking at. I actually I exported a bunch of about 500 contracts out of an old company in RTO Pro, yeah, and imported, the contacts, imported, imported buildings. I had to fiddle around with some of the the due dates, because some of the stuff was, like, from, like, you know, back in 2016 so we pushed a lot of this stuff in. But, so, but, I'm not going to give you a full official tour, because you gotta, you're gonna beat the NSR, and you can come, you can hear the whole official tour. What we want to get into is the whole conversation around I know that this goes back way back in my knowledge, back when I when I was working. Danger like this is back, what? 2010 2012 something in that neighborhood, I remember when, when, when he was inputting payments, he would do a journal entry split. Oh, and you're not. I know that you're not. A lot of you guys are not doing that just for the sake of work, but what were you splitting at

Speaker 4  15:19
that point? So his CPA, to this day, his company, is unique, because he only considers a percentage of the payment to be rent,

Speaker 1  15:32
okay, which would be the rental, the rental portion, so if it's 16, so

Speaker 4  15:37
if you're all it's all rent, and the cost is depreciation. Okay? He did it. He his

Speaker 1  15:44
accountants do it a different way. So when you sell a building off the books, when you sell it out of your asset class in QuickBooks, how are you selling it out?

Speaker 4  15:53
So you have to only do a portion of it as so, so, so classic 36 months. It's a 6040, split. Yep, that's just in our minds. So when it sells out, it's gone 60% in on the books. It's an account called sales deposits, which is a it's a liability. Or, I don't know what account, what type, I haven't done this for so long, but I remember you always you put in the rent received, which is calculated rent 40% of the payments, sure. So it doesn't come out exactly, but whatever that adjustment is, is gain or loss on a sale of an asset, yeah, a couple pennies, and then the thing is wiped off the books.

Unknown Speaker  16:32
So, so

Unknown Speaker  16:34
envision,

Speaker 1  16:35
envision a world where anything you wanted it to do any way you want to think about it. Can be automated, and

Speaker 4  16:44
I would not do that, but I would love that a building that's off the books, which is what we do now, you have depreciated to zero. It's gone. It's off the books. Your accumulated depreciation equaled the cost to cancel each other out. But it's, it's over. Whether it's paid out or not is irrelevant. It's just, you might be getting money on it. You might not, but when it has depreciated to zero, it's gone.

Speaker 1  17:11
Jump in here, Matthias, because you've got tons of questions out of this.

Matthias Miller  17:14
Okay, so, so effectively, let me you're gonna have to, I'm gonna have to need just a little bit of time to catch up with you. So when you when a building is sold through either a payoff or a payout, early payoff or payout, your your depreciate, depreciating out the out the okay, you're Are you saying your gain or loss, you are still you're still considering, historically, the rental income is not being split. But when it comes to the sale of the building, you are, are you? Are you applying? Are you reversing the revenue, the 40% no, what is the what does that transaction

Speaker 4  18:04
actually look like? The one he was talking about, how he was trained. We do not, we do not run that anymore. Traditionally, we buy an asset, we set up straight line depreciation, term of contract, yep, life of the lease, okay, yeah. Say it's just for simplicity sake. Say it's 48 months, and you got a $4,800 asset. $100 a month will be depreciated. So at the end of the month, it adds all of that expense for one month and says, Here's my monthly depreciation, so many $1,000 and that expense is goes on the books. It's offset by your accumulated depreciation contra asset account, right? Yep, at the end of the at the end of that life. So maybe it's on payout. The way our system works. It's like, oh, you've got, maybe you're halfway you got $2,400 left. It takes $2,400 of depreciation on the last month, and then

Matthias Miller  19:03
got it, got it, got it. So rather than taking a gain or loss, because you're trading entirely as rent, it's rather than taking a gain or loss, you're depreciating it out of the last month.

Speaker 4  19:12
Our CPA wanted to do that gain or loss constantly, and we finally got him to look, at the end of the day, we just depreciate to zero. The flip side is, we are pretty generous with some of our customers. They struggle. They've got 48 months, but we let them pay that in 52 months. Sure. Well, all sudden, you have an end of life contract or asset, it's going to zero. We track those as well, because they have to get off the books those last few months. You've just got pure income, which is fine, it's depreciated. It's no longer on the books.

Matthias Miller  19:42
You have a fully depreciated asset that you continue to own, and you just really can't sell. Okay? So then the idea that the number of companies, so there's only one company out of just like, is this a 1% use case where people actually want to treat it out? As an asset, as a as an asset that income generated.

Speaker 4  20:05
I do not know that one of our CPAs is the master, the best guy I've ever heard on rent to own depreciation. He's probably smarter than the IRS on some of this, when it comes to it, he has dug in. It's not a high bar. He has, I know he, he has called them a lot, but he's dug into that significantly. He probably would not allow us to do straight line on 60 months. We just go straight line. He says, Well, if you technic, you can, you can go 36 but if the asset's over this much, then you got to jump to something else, his, his, uh, software can actually depreciate each asset, um, on its own, sure. So I'm guessing like, like for us now, just we're managing a number of different companies. We work with six or eight different CPAs. They get spreadsheets at the end of for every month. So every asset with, you know, here was the cost, the RBV, the depreciation, all of that's listed. So at the end of the year, they can actually take that, do their own depreciation. That's tax, and we're just over here running book depreciation.

Speaker 1  21:15
So pull up a pull up a product record. Let's, let's, let's walk him through where we're going with this so that he gets an idea, I mean.

Matthias Miller  21:24
But effectively, what you're saying, if I can draw on that a little bit, is that depending on the CPA, if you have a sophisticated CPA, they're going to and we want to automate what kind of depreciation schedule you should use. We're going to have to have some kind of matrix between value of building and term of contractors or something like that.

Speaker 4  21:44
That the way we do it now in this antiquated software is called a depreciation agent. You attach an agent to every asset when you buy it, right? Yep, and there's probably 10 of them available. I don't know there's, there's bunch in there available. And in general, we are just running book depreciation, like, like on our books, most of them book and taxes, the same thing. But you can, you can vary that some CPA say they can actually choose the best method for every asset that you purchase in a given year. So they basically would be running their own depreciation for a year off, you know, as long as they have a list of assets and the cost and the date put them in the service, then they do all kinds of that. I don't, I don't get into anything crazy like that. My CPA likes to know which state the assets in, and, you know, then the details of depreciation, that's about it. And we use just kind of a code in some of our numbers by state, so they can just because it doesn't say, oh, which, like, it's not in the database. This asset is in North Carolina. It just these codes mean certain states anyway, right?

Matthias Miller  22:57
Uh, fair enough. And then, and then, how common is it? Because, because we've, we've seen some, some books where the expense and balanced, you know, various accounts are broken down by state. And I'm assuming that's basically because there is no good way to report on report otherwise, without having having these broken down by is that

Speaker 4  23:20
like income by state? Yeah, like income by state or by year, internal benefit. So we have, we just, we just split our income by state. Then we also split out our EPO income. Again, that's just kind of for our benefit.

Speaker 1  23:38
We split out what, when you say it's for your benefit, what benefit did?

Speaker 4  23:42
That was a CPA request. See back when he was doing this. So it's a bit of a holdover from that. Yeah, yes. So we on a typical P and L that I look at. We have rental income and EPO income by state, then we split up even late fees, LDW finance charges stuff by state. I'm not sure. Yeah, most of those are split by state. Then when it comes to the asset boom, they're all lumped together. And we honestly would not have to do that, because at the end of the year, we could just say, Hey, give me an annual revenue break it by state and make one adjustment on the books.

Speaker 1  24:17
But it's something we should support, because there are going to be CPAs that ask for that kind of a thing. Explaining the income statement by by state is there's no issue with inside of that in your regard, no,

Matthias Miller  24:30
I mean, it's just more savings and more accounts. I mean, it's not right, it's fine. And then what about assets by year? And that's, that's that, and even depreciation by year, because that's some,

Speaker 4  24:41
so it's not something that we necessarily see on our on our books, but the depreciation reports are generated because, yes, receive date is very important. So here's we have a few companies that do something called we call floor planning. So they purchase assets wholesale, then they sell them retail, even though. They're a rent owned company. They actually produce a good bit of just retail income. But then anything that gets rented, they're going to obviously have that rent owned contract. So when we get an asset, we want to purchase an assets on our books, but we do not want to depreciate it until it's put into service on a rent owned contract. So there's, there's, there's two things, receive the asset, hold it on the books as inventory, but then when it gets put into service, we convert it from inventory to a rented asset. We're doing some of that with just our custom reporting, right? And again, we're the software is so limited, we've had to create all kinds of stuff to, you know, make it do what we want. We We do some of that.

Matthias Miller  25:41
So when, when a company buys wholesale, sells retail, and they don't rent the building, do you then expense it out as as cost of goods? Or do you just run it through the same

Speaker 4  25:52
Yes, the same thing. The same thing happens. Actually, I think it would. It would, because of the way we do it, it would just get lumped in with the rented ones that month, but immediately drop off as a retail because it got sold. So it's technically, it's, I don't know if they actually move those to cost of goods at the end of the year. I'm not sure on that, honestly,

Matthias Miller  26:15
but lot, I mean, in an ideal world, it would make sense to it was, first of all, makes sense to have this in another revenue account, retail, retail building. So maybe you actually mentioned this as well, but then also expense it out to cost of goods.

Speaker 4  26:31
Yes, that doesn't matter. If you sometimes will sit on those, those assets for two years or three, like it'll cross multiple years, sure, it just yeah, the year that it's take, because it's, it's, it's on our books. When we purchase those, it's on our books as an inventory asset, right? That's right. Then the difference which, hey, it is what it is. We buy those wholesale, and then we depreciate on the wholesale cost, obviously, but when it gets delivered, we have a full expense of commission and hauling that just gets boom. So we actually get a little advantage when it moves to a contract, because we get to expense a good chunk, that can be 15% versus waiting, you know, on depreciation. So we were depreciating on a lower amount, but we like to, we actually get to expense the other stuff up front, right, and to do it there, that's that's a little unique in several companies we do now.

Matthias Miller  27:29
And do they know when they buy the building, whether it's which one it is that this is or Okay, so let's say you buy a building and you're like, Okay, this could be a retail building, or it could be a rental. It'll just sit there as on inventory if somebody rents it or

Speaker 4  27:46
not. So we, the way we do it, just for clarity, is we will only do a location 100% at a time, yep, no, we've got, hey, we've got five lots. In fact, one of the goals is to have the manufacturer take over those so one at a time, they're buying an entire lot of inventory. So there's, there's, there's no confusion on our end, because of, yeah, the way, the way we're purchasing. So we know, hey, we've got three lots left. Those are 100% floor planned. These, you know, five lots are not so it's we keep it very clear that way. I don't know that RTO pro knows that our software simply takes, we receive inventory, and if it fails to get put on a contract immediately, it's just, it's just idle, like it just sits there, and then we have it to so that's a setting. We make sure it does not start depreciating until it's rented. Basically, once it's tied to a contract, that's the month you start your depreciation.

Matthias Miller  28:49
Yep, yep, makes sense. All right. So I think I'm probably asking the exact same thing twice, just for the sake of clarity. So on that lot, will you sell buildings off that lot that end up being rented? Oh, yes, and then you'll basically treat it as a purchase from yourself. I mean, effectively, yes,

Speaker 4  29:11
that's that's where we had to come up with like, Hey, hang on. How do we know when you know which buildings when they moved into service? So we've got the custom report, and it gives us a pause. So every month it's just, it's just an adjustment journal entry. Hey, these this amount moved out of inventory. They're now active. Whatever they're they're in a different asset on our books. And then, you know, right below that is our accumulated depreciation, and that's what my CPA called a contra asset, because I couldn't figure out why an asset had a negative number, and all sudden it made sense. Hey, we paid this much, they depreciated this much value that,

Matthias Miller  29:51
Yeah, makes sense. So there is a world in which we want to Okay. Right? I think it makes sense. There's some there's there's, should we? Should we want to support something like that? There is some question. Then, as far as you know, you have to know which location the building is for in some capacity, so that, because theoretically, you might have a rented building that arrives in the lot, but you still don't want to start depreciation until it actually gets delivered. And it's a week or it's a month out because of extenuating circumstances or something like that. And so it doesn't really make sense to have it sitting on on inventory at that point, but you also so you want it sitting on your your rental assets, but you don't want to start depreciating until delivery, right? Or no,

Speaker 4  30:40
I'm curious. I don't know if that that may be more of an internal process, how we do it the in my mind, I've always told our dealers, the line is okay, normal rent to own the company. The rental company does not take ownership until it's delivered and set up. Boom, now we have an asset on our books, depreciating so, so there's, there's never that delay, if it went right two weeks before delivery, or, Hey, the weather, that's not even an we don't even own that asset yet, till it's delivered, etc. Now, floor planning is different, but I believe what we use is the contract start date. So I believe on our book or on our software now, the contract start date would trigger depreciation, because we never make adjustments to assets after depreciation has started. Like, occasionally you find a typo, and we're like, no unless you want to make all kinds of entries to your depreciation, all of that we do say we're receiving inventory all month, and we're like, Oops, something messed up. As long as we haven't run the depreciation report, you know, for last month, we'll make those edits, we'll fix everything, get it tidy, I believe we're actually reconciling, and then we're running the depreciation to get, you know, our new RBV, and boom, everything's set. That was a little bit of trial and error on our end. And again, it could be a limitation of the software, but we have what we have, and we're working with it, and we kind of have a decent system. So we actually delay running the depreciation report, because sometimes we're like, oops, let's fix this. Maybe, you know, maybe there was a glitch. But if we can reconcile those accounts, we're like, we got it.

Speaker 1  32:26
Run depreciation, our team person give you a preview. A preview run does it?

Speaker 4  32:31
No, we do it based on, uh, cost of assets.

Speaker 1  32:36
So, but you what I'm saying, yeah, if I remember correctly, it's been a long time since I ran depreciation. But depreciation,

Speaker 4  32:43
but you run it, it's done. Yeah, it's done. Yep, you would. There's no previewing on that, yeah.

Matthias Miller  32:49
So the fun thing with this is that this is my little geeky like sales pitch rant, whatever it happens to be. But the fun thing about this is, with with automation, you can, you can as long as the periods unlocked, you can go, push changes back and and then amend, amend them. And then for locked periods, we have a process through which we say, hey, depreciation for this amount varies from this amount. And basically you post it to the first day after the locked period, so that you can get your numbers right going forward. And like, there's, like, everything just buys out. I mean, I don't know how, so I

Speaker 4  33:27
realized, I mean, I've known this for a long time, but our software, our books and our rental and software are so decoupled, like it's crazy, and we've built tools and more and more and more to like to bridge the gap. And I didn't do this, but my guy showed me his spreadsheet for a month of payments at a time. He no longer has to export from RTO pro. He literally has a button that said, Get last month's down. And it filled it in because we've been using Power BI. And he realized, hey, you can connect to the database right there, pull it exactly. We're kind of having fun with that, but we are. We're not spending a lot of time or energy on it. We're tweaking where we can. We call it very low hanging fruit, exactly. And so that's where we are for now. But if this is all coupled like it's 100% Yeah, you don't, you don't worry about oops, if I make this one change, that's gonna screw up my books.

Speaker 1  34:29
No, yeah, so every Well, go ahead. Matthias Walk, walk through how accounting impact happens and and what that whole process looks like.

Matthias Miller  34:36
Okay. I mean, so effectively, effectively, what we do is from the look at everything on the on the RTO side of things, and say, Well, what does this mean for accounting? This is what it should look like, and it's just simple process to go push that across to accounting, reconcile differences and changes as they occur. Don't do it for lock periods, all that stuff. And. So what it ends up looking like is on the so we have a balance sheet and income statement generated off the sample data on the balance sheet we have, okay, obviously, we got all these numbers here. You can drill down into well checking section, not that interesting. Let's go into AR, just for the sake of way more interesting.

Matthias Miller  35:28
And let's actually just do something like last month, so that we're not drowning information. So here you can see all the accounting transactions were broken down to there's a rental fee incurred on contract 10, 102, 26, can drill down into that transaction, see the exact accounting impact, the debits and credits for that, including the sales tax. And then you're like, you're scratching your head. And you're like, What is, what is going on with Anthony here? Drop into the actual contract itself and take a look at the contract so and this isn't working. I mean, we haven't added the link to it yet. But then there's also the reverse path of saying, Hey, I'm looking at this contract, what happened in accounting based off of this contract, and trace it, trace it all the way back.

Speaker 4  36:19
So no more emails like I have in my inbox right now from Customer Care Manager. Hey, accounting. Need your help. How did this refund? You know, double refund happen? Blah, blah, blah, yes, yes, yes, Ach, that can bounce just like a check. And so there's this, this constant,

Speaker 1  36:34
yeah, the fun conversation I like to have is, so you have a CRA on a contract, and you have to convert that over into security deposit, and then pay the security deposit out. And that that is literally, like, you just do it, like there's no, there's no emailing your account to say this is going to happen. This takes place. It's just like that night accounting impact runs, converts it over into the security deposit, then pays it out of the security deposit into into revenue.

Speaker 4  36:57
And it just, it just happens. So what? What are you calling accounts receivable on there.

Matthias Miller  37:03
These are accounts receivable. Is any rent,

Unknown Speaker  37:06
any balance on the on a contract? Balance on

Matthias Miller  37:09
contract? Yeah, well, clearly, well, unpaid late fees. No, not balance on a contract. It's current balancing. Well, Kirk, could be any

Speaker 1  37:17
outstanding rent, any outstanding rent, it's actually past due,

Speaker 4  37:21
yeah, yep, we don't, we don't, we don't worry about me. That's never on our books like past past due rent, because you're not gonna, I mean, we're not gonna collect 100% of that, because it gets picked up. But it, I mean

Speaker 1  37:34
it is accounts receivable, yeah? I mean it, yes, you could, you could view the entire balance of the contract as accounts receivable. But technically, it's not, yeah, legally, we're, you that's so, so we are, we're accounts receivable. Is any rent, any incurred rent that's not paid. We think of rent actually incurred periods, okay? And so adding on the due date, yeah, so, so in what I mean by an incurred period. So like, when you open up RTO pro now and you have like, three payments that are due, it just says, you know, it's one line, three payments that are due, and here's the dollar value. No, you will see three individual periods that are due for that, and it's corresponding damage by your fee, late fees, and any other fees that are assigned to that. So that this actually came out of one of our, out of our customer service reps. It's like, I get so tired of trying to answer the question of customers as well. What do I owe for, you know, for July? What do I owe for July? Well, each, each period is right there, showing exactly what's owed for July. And so if you pay, if you pay partials, then it's, you know, it starts at the oldest one and pays forward or, or, you know, you pay the whole entire thing. It pays the whole but we, we log those all as periods in history, both incurred and paid, and so that gives us, that gives us, then the ability to actually build accounts

Speaker 4  38:46
receivable. Yeah, okay, I was, I was, I assume it's not the contract balance, no. But then we know historically, what percentage of a balance we typically get, and we use that to build internal valuations on a company, like, I don't let anybody see that, like, it's strictly internal.

Speaker 1  39:04
Well, there's no, it's not a CPA. There's no more thing of building internal balances, like, literally, just to run the report. And there it

Speaker 4  39:10
is. So but that may change, that may vary. That percentage is something we just researched and found on our own, not, I don't know if it's industry. Why, whatever. But no, that gives me a quick glance. Hey, kind of the book of business. What's it worth? Is it going up every month or down every month? Yeah, we track that. Yeah.

Speaker 1  39:28
Anyway, unlocked, do you have more questions on this whole depreciation and paying assets off of off of the books and and so forth?

Matthias Miller  39:39
I mean, I think we could, I mean, we could theoretically dive deeper, but I don't think it's necessary. I think it's good.

Speaker 4  39:46
Every month we have paid out buildings, paid out we have sold buildings. We have, what are the three

Unknown Speaker  39:57
norms we have, EPS, payouts and paid off. And you.

Speaker 4  40:00
Charge out, charge off, skip loss, because there's this little percentage. You're like, Hey, I never

Speaker 1  40:04
configured this one. Out what's good? Um,

Unknown Speaker  40:08
we use that for missing.

Unknown Speaker  40:11
So you're holding so, so it's

Speaker 4  40:13
we have. No, the asset is gone. Charge off is like, hey, look, that asset is going to take 2000 legal fees to recover. They only owe 500 bucks a charge

Speaker 1  40:24
off, okay, from an accounting standpoint, what's been a skip and a charge? No, exactly.

Speaker 4  40:29
It's just an internal way, a little bit for us. We use that sometimes there's bonuses tied to certain of these things, like we have a team that gets dinged for every charge off Gotcha, okay, yeah, they know their bonus is going to get reduced if there's a bunch of charge offs, so

Unknown Speaker  40:48
they're incentivized to recover that thing. They just Yep,

Speaker 4  40:56
but no, the other than AR, we don't have an AR line. Well, sorry, we do have accounts receivable. When an asset comes back, it's rendered, say it's rented six months, it's back now, the dealer sold it. We typically invoice, hey, you owe us a wholesale agreed upon whatever percentage that's literally we invoice. Yeah, that's the only time we actually show AR.

Matthias Miller  41:22
Would you, but, I mean, but that's, that's more like, what's the point? Like, why bothers? It doesn't have any functional management purposes to us, rather than we disagree that this really is legitimately AR, right? Or, am I, or in your case, would you rather?

Unknown Speaker  41:39
Are you saying, Are you saying outstanding rent? Right?

Speaker 4  41:43
Outstanding rent. So we don't have that anywhere now. But what I would wonder is, say there's outstanding rent. It's two payments they get on active pickups. They get picked up. We probably are not going to collect that. Do you let

Matthias Miller  41:56
those no copyright resolution? You would? You would. I don't think we've talked about exactly how it gets handled, but it comes off of AR at that point.

Speaker 4  42:07
Yeah, okay, because we let it like, on the on the account side, the customer account side, we let it sit there because, yes, it's happened. They come back two years later. Look, we're like, why are you trying to rent you didn't pay last time? And we're like, look, here's the deal. If you can pay us half of that whatever, pay us this, that'll clear your history. We'll get you a new one. But otherwise, we we don't want to clear out a bad problem, customer's account, whatever. Yeah, so there would be a way to show it, but it could. It probably shouldn't be AR.

Speaker 1  42:38
It wouldn't be it's still remaining, it's still incurred stuff that's that's sitting on the account. And so literally, the changing your contract resolution. If you were want to open that thing back up, you'd have to change your contract resolution, and then that, then it would show back up on AR, and then you could go ahead and pay it.

Unknown Speaker  42:54
Yeah, well, you wouldn't.

Matthias Miller  42:58
You wouldn't change your contract resolution. You would write them into your contract a new contract. Wouldn't you on a return or retrieval?

Speaker 4  43:10
Do you know what RTO Pro does with this? It's been a long time. So at when you close an account, and if there's any back rent, it drops, it, it moves. It's no longer background because the contract is eliminated, but it puts it in as other charges. Oh, drops it over into fees. So if they want to pay on that after it's closed, you can pay it down to zero and no more. And it shows up on our books as just other or financing finance charges, fees. So it's no longer rent, nothing like that, because the assets gone all of that. But if it's sitting there and they try to add a second contract, we're like, wait a minute, you got to you technically have two contracts. The one is just some old, old money. But I like, like, we actually use that. The nice thing that we that a human can do, if you're closing out an account and you're like, look, they paid within 50 bucks. You can wipe that to zero. Because we're, hey, we're not gonna, we're not gonna bother with that. So you just, you know, override it and and away you go. But if you had to, you know, bust your butt getting that thing and went to court all that, believe me, we're gonna leave every penny on that.

Matthias Miller  44:17
Yeah, so, so Dwayne, it might make sense to have some kind of, almost like a backpack, well, okay, because realistically, you own the asset. Now that's not rental income anymore. It's really some form of back pay charge, or, I suppose it could be rental income. How? How would you ideally recognize it? Hang on, we don't currently allow you to forgive rent, so the advantage would be, if you convert it into a fee, you can then forgive the fee in some capacity on that closed building. However, technically, it's just passed to rent that they haven't paid. Like, legitimately, it is rental income, but you don't anticipate a portion of that.

Speaker 4  44:57
Yep, that was so. So I. Yeah, I think one company tried this. They every, every account they closed with with background, they issued a final invoice with it, just in the off chance that once or twice a year they'd get money. Didn't work. I don't remember. It wasn't me. I was always kind of neat, like, hey, you know little bit of postage.

Speaker 1  45:20
And I mean, it is, you legally owe it, yeah, you know,

Speaker 4  45:25
up to the return date. But I don't, we don't do it now. I don't think we, I don't think we have high expectations on that. But, you know, should you keep it on AR for 60 days? But I, I don't know. I don't, I don't have a high definitely, don't have high expectations that we'd get any

Speaker 1  45:42
of it. You You probably should stick a note in the spec that we it's something we haven't really talked through on, on handling outstanding rent. When you close out a contract,

Speaker 4  45:51
we, we you said, What did you say? We do not have the ability to forgive rent, or what do you call it? We correct. What about a deferral with the due date? Yeah. And is deferral tracked anywhere?

Matthias Miller  46:08
Yes, yeah. Because yes, in some capacity, yes. Because at

Speaker 4  46:13
the end of, like, at the end of a month, we literally, this is a number we track in our office. It's called deferred revenue. It is one of the tools in working with customers avoiding pickups just a variety of reasons. And doesn't our typical call it free money. I don't know there's something on. There's another place where it's called lost revenue from moving due dates. Yeah, we didn't like loss because it's not technically lost. We deferred it. We have a we have a chart. We track it. When Hurricane Helene hit that October, it doubled, it spiked, and then dropped back down. And I told him, like, we point that out repeatedly. That's literally the reason we use this. Yeah, we were proactive. They jumped on it. We deferred everybody, kind of in this area and but RTO pro, you know what they do? They take it as a payment that was not received and put it in the history class, like, as a certain payment type, and then revenue reports filter that out, or he reads it for his lost revenue. Yeah, yeah, because I learned this trying to make power, bi match, RTO pro reports. I'm like, Where's all this money? Ton, you know, 1000s more. I was like, oh, duh, every deferral is, is, is in there, and he tracks the value of that deferral, like, if it would have been paid, what was

Speaker 1  47:31
that worth? Correct, wrong with that. But we had, we had talked about doing some sort of deferred, or forget, yeah, no deferred RG, on, on some of this, because we had talked about doing reporting where you could actually, we're going to assign the individual who did it to it so that we can actually do reporting on the individual who's who's deferring, deferring months.

Speaker 4  47:51
Yeah, well, pretty much everything, the way we do logins. Everything is logged. Every action is logged by a user.

Unknown Speaker  47:59
So another thing we do is paid deferrals. That's a feature in RTO Pro.

Speaker 4  48:06
So a customer just they had a rough patch, they lost 60 days or 90 days, and they're like, look, I'm ready to get back on track. I just can't pay all of that. So we say, hey, for a percentage of the month of the rent will defer. So every time say it's, you know, it's 40 bucks, every 40 bucks you give us will defer a month. So it's paid deferral. But RTO pro treats it as just other income, like finance charge, but it's a way of getting that moved without, you know, not for free. So we use books as tools. Don't know if we track paid deferrals. That is interesting is that part of that whole lost revenue for moving due dates, no matter if it's paid or not, I don't know well.

Speaker 1  48:58
I mean, we that comes down to how you want to envision your reporting with

Speaker 4  49:02
RTO Pro, the feature is paid deferrals, like you turn it on, it tells you how much they have to pay of what percentage they're saying that you have to earn it on. We used to not use it years ago, but at the last three years now, we have, for some reason, I'm thinking it doesn't

Unknown Speaker  49:16
track it as revenue. I mean, it doesn't track it as

Speaker 4  49:18
rent paid. No, no, because it's not so your contract balance moves zero, but your due date just goes to 234,

Speaker 1  49:24
months. So do you give? Do you realize that to them as rent at some point?

Speaker 4  49:28
No, no, it's it goes into other it's a finance charge. So because we don't give, we typically don't give away just free, like three deferrals, that's a lot. They have to meet certain criteria. They might get one a year. I forget what our kind of guidelines are for what we just, you know, help Well, if they need to go beyond that, usually it's two or three at a time. They really would like to get caught up. Say, Okay, for every $40 you pay, I'll move your due date a month. Oh, they said, Well, I can do three of those. So it's just a you. Finance, charge income, move the due date three months zero changed on their contract. It's an it's a contract extension payment, almost not, I don't know if there's that. It's called paid deferral and RTO Pro. And for some reason, in my mind that the percentage is 55 point 55 and I have no idea why, but it's just, it's over half. It's a percentage of the con of the payment as an other, just an in, you know, miscellaneous income that gets them to move it. So that is something we use. We do it both ways. Do you customers like it? I don't know how much that's used. I would have to find Customer Care.

Speaker 1  50:40
Lord had mercy, the customer figures out it didn't move their move their their contract

Speaker 4  50:43
balance at all. Oh, no, we tell them, that's up front. But so usually it's, it's, I don't know, there's a crisis, there's a funeral, whatever. And they're just, they just kind of lost out on 90 days of life, but they came right back, but now they're always 90 days behind, yeah, and they just can't make enough extra to like to get caught

Speaker 1  51:02
up. We do. We do something very similar, but we just pay it as rent, and then we do. They not all of it. So, I mean, so basically, you just, you're paying, you know, a portion. Oftentimes, you know, it's we might not do

Speaker 4  51:13
we do that as well. Yeah, we say, Hey, you're, you're almost to get picked up, but I can pay this much. I said, you pay half, we'll pay half, and we'll help you. So what we try to do is, actually we consider those multiple tools in their toolbox, so they use a combination of those. But I now that you ask, I'm curious

Unknown Speaker  51:32
how I'm curious how much

Speaker 4  51:33
it's done, how popular the paid deferral is. I know you know, if we can track it, like, just

Speaker 1  51:43
part of just, like, Wait, you can't track that, that would be, that would be like, Well, it's,

Speaker 4  51:48
I am used. We use Power BI a lot, okay, Power BI is i? Yeah, I don't know. I think the I felt like the learning curve was vertical, but I got over that and started using, grok to help me write the DAX this stuff. Anyway, now I got so busy I hate this. I don't have time to even like, like play with it anymore. It's kind of sad I gotta get but anyway, that's my rabbit trails.

Matthias Miller  52:22
Would deferred revenue? Would you want that showing up on?

Matthias Miller  52:31
How does that show up on your financials?

Speaker 4  52:34
So deferred does not okay. From what I know, deferred revenue is nowhere on like it's nothing. We just, we just decided, Hey, we are, you know, we're trying to work with customers. We know pickups are eventually are going to be pretty expensive, so if we can do some deferred revenue to avoid a pickup bingo. However, our software just kind of keeps that track in the back and the background. If I'm not mistaken, Ron at RTO, formerly at RTO Pro. Yeah, he worked in a rent to own like a brick and mortar store, and I've heard that loss rates for brick and mortar internally are worse than externally, like they lose more from their employees than their customers, so knowing an employee is constantly deferring. And so you could look at, hey, who is deferring all this revenue? What's happening here? So it could be that's really one of the reasons he's logging it. We log it just as a thing. We just show our team a lot of numbers every month. We're like, hey, you know, let's, let's not let this deferral money, like deferred revenue dropped too much. He has no

Speaker 1  53:42
reporting on the individuals who do that. Inside of RTO Pro, it's just, it's just a number,

Speaker 4  53:47
yeah, no, it's in there. If it's in the database, if I want to find it in power, yeah, it's, it's there because it's

Unknown Speaker  53:55
in but RTO Pro has no

Speaker 4  53:57
it's in the history database. And every, every piece of history is tagged with the user. So I have not looked at that, other than when our retrievals guy was out for two weeks, that money dropped. We're like, because he works missing block. He like, he has kind of that live that's his, his a lot of his, his routine tasks. And so it's just very obvious he's gone and the thing dips, or the hurricane hits and it spiked. And so we're like, it's kind of showing us, Hey, we're on track. So it's not a financial thing. I'm not aware that you could really do anything with that, because you do have depreciation those months. If I'm not mistaken, it depreciates whether a payment is made or not. That's right, yeah, right. Income forecast, I'm not sure.

Matthias Miller  54:48
I mean, the only thing I would think in some capacity is, you may want to break that out, out of AR into something else on the balance sheet, in some capacity or contract, I don't even know. Oh, it's, I'm going beyond my, yeah,

Speaker 4  55:04
we don't book the contract balance anywhere on our you know, it's not on, on the on in accounting, like I wish, because that would give an accurate balance sheet. If we know what percentage of the contract we get, we could book that much. That wouldn't that's not

Matthias Miller  55:23
right. Business for business valuation, it would make sense to know the contract balance, you know, times historical collectibility kind of thing.

Speaker 4  55:33
Right? We do that so for our owners that we're running, so they get rent to own reports, monthly, financials, quarterly. And I tell them, Look, the balance sheet, to me, is just incomplete, because all it has is your asset, the cost of your asset. We know that you can go beyond that. So we give them what RTO pro calls customer listing, you know, it adds your contracts and says your balance, oh no, your contract, total contract balance, and kind of your EPO value, boom,

Speaker 1  56:01
boom, boom. So if you could have, you would want an old balance sheet.

Speaker 4  56:04
Well, I just think, Boy, wouldn't it be nice? It's all there, but it's not. You can't legally do it, so maybe

Speaker 1  56:11
you can maintain it. You can maintain your own separate balance sheet for it.

Speaker 4  56:14
So what we do, we have spreadsheets with formulas and it just, it's, it's simple, but, yeah, lots of spreadsheets.

Speaker 1  56:25
So our mission in life is to eliminate them

Speaker 4  56:29
so make them useless. The Our books are only accurate once a month. So we don't, we don't bother with this sort of whole daily thing anymore, like I used to. I mean, I used to do that daily. I was tracking this income. Now it's so much. We do it monthly. And I'm guessing we've automated, I don't know, well, over 90% of the transactions, but we have these oddball transactions with a weird refund. We're like, what happened here? And we often have to have a human look at that, can this 100% automate, or is there something that you're like, What is this weird thing? I don't know. I thought of that because we were not worried about the small percentage where a human looks at we want to keep automating. And we want to keep pushing automation on the 95 or 99% because, you know, in general, those payments out of the 1000s we do in a month. You know, there's only a handful, technically, that are, hey, what was going on here? Or, I mean, there's always RTO pro do.

Unknown Speaker  57:35
How would you answer this? Matthias, oh, I mean,

Matthias Miller  57:37
it's very simple, as soon as you can eliminate human customers, as soon as you can eliminate, eliminate human customer service reps, you can eliminate the human review of accounting transactions. Until then, I don't know, probably challenge. I mean, it is the right mindset. It is all about, I mean, the very pragmatic approach, which is, is really, where do you get the maximum return on the effort invested? And you're always going to have weird something or other that somebody has to chase down and research and go talk to somebody and figure out what they were thinking and all that kind of

Speaker 1  58:09
stuff, or what happened again, but, but simultaneously, like, inside of inside the software that, like, all of that stuff imports on a daily basis, so, and it's yes, it's yeah, when, okay, when we say coupled, it's like, nightly, there's a there's what we call accounting impact transaction that runs and it brings all that stuff that happened from the day prior into account. So it's not real time, like, you're like, as you're doing, you know, transactions throughout the day. It's not automatically linking.

Speaker 4  58:37
Because sometimes you're like, oh, no, that was a typo. You can just avoid it, you can redo it, whatever, and at the end of the day, hey, then we know the numbers are right, okay, but the

Unknown Speaker  58:47
correct eyes.

Matthias Miller  58:48
I mean, that's correct. I mean, the real reason for primarily, is just diminishing returns. Could we do it intraday? Yeah, like, does that really matter to anybody in the world? I mean, I don't know who's OCD enough to run a run a company like that, but I'm sure they exist somewhere.

Unknown Speaker  59:04
Yeah, famous, Amos.

Speaker 1  59:07
You know him? Amos baller, oh goodness,

Unknown Speaker  59:11
he's a relative. So anyway,

Unknown Speaker  59:15
he would, he would, yeah,

Speaker 4  59:16
the thing that I like here, though, is if, if we, because we're decoupled. Sometimes we're like, well, let accounting fix it. You know, we shouldn't have done this, but accounting can fix it. No, what we're looking at here is, hey, when these kind of scenarios happen, make sure you treat it this way so that nothing gets screwed up. So it seems like you can actually reduce

Speaker 1  59:35
Yeah, but I mean, it's even so it's like, if you go, if you're in accounting, and you're like, you're evaluating something, or you're even fixing it. On the transaction, on the account side, you fix it. It's going to it's going to reconcile the account that evening. And simultaneously, if you're on the accounting side and you're going, you know you're looking you're evaluating transact, making sure everything looks correct, it's like, well, that doesn't look correct. So you link back over to the account.

Speaker 4  59:57
You don't fix it. So I. On the accounting side, will this. This is only producing reports. It's it's entirely, it's everything. It's everything. Because, suppose we have expenses that we call dealer retention. Like, say, there's a big check or a credit card charge to Montana knife company that's not an RTO Pro. Like, that's right. You enter those manually here. Yeah, okay, okay, yeah. So this is eliminating it software to keep the books.

Speaker 1  1:00:30
The intent is to eliminate this idea that you have an RTO software and you have QuickBooks, you make it one software.

Speaker 4  1:00:36
Oh, I know who did that. JMAG tried it with NetSuite. Oh, I know. And you know what he told me,

Speaker 1  1:00:44
You know what they do? You know what they scheduled for the cost to do the project? Do you know what they've spent to do the project?

Speaker 4  1:00:50
It's insane. Way more. He just said, Don't ever try it. So I decided to never try it.

Speaker 1  1:00:58
Here we are. Well, the the how has walked me through some of the issues they've had with with NetSuite. I'm like, How in the world do you provide a way to delete your entire database?

Speaker 4  1:01:10
He, pro, he, um, they work backwards, right? I mean, NetSuite accounting software, they said, Oh, they just build in the customers, right? And anyway, so I decided never to do that. So here we are. Hey, I've been using QuickBooks since 99 I think

Speaker 1  1:01:31
so we've had to go over into QuickBooks Desktop a number of times to figure out some stuff. And it's like, it's like stepping back to 1999

Speaker 4  1:01:41
every like. So we are just starting to import our QuickBooks transactions. So it'll, well, we use QuickBooks. We use Enterprise. Actually, you're allowed imports on, on the rest. So it appears that that is going to be, you know, hey, you've got to pay a vendor. Today, we have dealers that get paid certain days a week, and there's a big list of transactions. And I mean, every building, we've, we've we comment, you know, you've got serial models all this, we're typing that in. No, it's just an import now, so they call them iif files, our guide which figured it out.

Matthias Miller  1:02:23
Side note, iif files, as I recall, I think it's iif files bypass the QuickBooks validation. So you do want to be careful with how you structure them, if my memory serves me correctly. There's also syncing tools that do similar things. Go ahead

Speaker 4  1:02:39
our, our templates. I mean, 6l our templates will produce, actually, he wrote a macro. It was probably grok at whatever AI wrote the macro because it produces a directly from the your data. You like, Hey, this looks good. You kind of like, pre reconcile, hey, numbers are right, and it just, it exports directly to an iif file. Fingers crossed, but there we are automating. You know what we can but at some point it's going to be, we're no longer going to automate that which should not exist.

Speaker 1  1:03:15
Yeah, precisely you're catching on. Yeah, it would be the only software you need. You the jokes have been thick and heavy.

Speaker 4  1:03:24
Can Can my phone, my incoming phone call? Can it? Can it try to match? Yes.

Matthias Miller  1:03:32
I mean, we can. I don't know what your I don't know which, what methodology, but we do have API's and web hooks so

Speaker 4  1:03:39
we can. I'm sure, all in all, in software.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:44
So you want to, you want what do you use for your

Speaker 4  1:03:49
phone system? It's through integrity. I forget what their vendor is.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:53
I'm a three CX.

Speaker 4  1:03:55
We quit. Nope, it's branded integrity. Voice, literally. Yeah, so they built their own thing. No, it's just, it's, I don't know, they're a reseller. I don't know how that works, but it's just branded, yep, integrity, yeah. I mean, you

Matthias Miller  1:04:09
Dwayne, we could, we could have a, we could have a, I mean, as long as they've got some kind of web hook to trigger, yep, we could have something on our end that triggers an internal notification with it, only that, with a link to search for contact by phone number, and you can drop right in and go,

Speaker 4  1:04:26
I think the reverse is working already, because they can highlight a phone number and have it, have it call right like there's some little plug in they put in for that, which, yeah, that's probably

Matthias Miller  1:04:36
Fine. That's pretty standard.

Speaker 4  1:04:40
So we are really our customer service. People are just frustrated trying to automate some of the tasks, like bulk communication, mass communication from RTO pro they're trying to run and you gotta use Windows Task schedulers like to schedule some of these tasks. For, for, say, there's a mass text goes out. So everybody that's that's approaching say, we want to just a gentle, hey, you're, you know your due date, yeah, sorry, your grace period ends tomorrow. Just to to automate that every day. So whose dude send it out? We haven't gone

Speaker 1  1:05:16
into this yet, because there's everything has come down to, what do we need to do for the demo? Yeah? Sorry, versus what do we what goes afterwards? But the long term plan is to actually have automation built inside the software that you can you can define your trigger points, okay, so and your trigger points and the text messages that you want to go out pulling database field like so you can build templates for it pull database fields in for the customer, for, you know, contract for amounts that are due, and it just happens,

Speaker 4  1:05:47
okay? That is not necessarily even bulk. It is just so when an account hits this, send this. Okay. How do you then, we use Account No. We use customer ratings significantly. So we think of them as buckets. We have too many customers that look at each one individually, but normal, your general customers, great people. They're in the big bucket when, hey, this is a strange account. You really need some TLC. That's literally a TLC that's a bucket. When they're right there, they're going to be going to pick up or a pending pickup, active pickup. We've got some of those things. So those buckets get excluded from kind of the Mass Communications then, yeah, because you know, at some point you're like, Hey, you don't need to be in there. They're going to get picked up, whatever. Here's the final so that's how we think of it. We keep as many as possible in these big buckets, then we have are left with this small TLC bucket, or blocked or missing, and they get individual attention where, you know, there's 10,000 that can't, yeah?

Speaker 1  1:06:54
So we hand, we're going to handle a lot of that particular type of thing with what we call tags, so, and any account. Same idea, right? Yeah, same idea. So, but I mean, you, you get, you get to build your own tag list. So if you want to use zones, you want to use tags, you want to use ratings. It doesn't matter like you can build like that is all customer in a way. They want to do it. You can do that on the contract union the customer. We're doing products as well. I think we're tagging products as well.

Matthias Miller  1:07:21
Don't know that we are actually, but we probably should be. I thought, I

Unknown Speaker  1:07:26
thought we were doing all three maybe

Matthias Miller  1:07:28
not, but there we are. Yes, we're

Unknown Speaker  1:07:31
so, so interested. That's,

Speaker 4  1:07:33
that's a, that's a thing we've actually hit you can. We're only doing that on customers. And we're like, hang on, customers. Two buildings, one's up for pickup, active pickup, the other one is not, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:07:45
So you do so you'll be able to tag in all three places. Okay, simultaneously, one of the things that I get frustrated with when you said mass communication, I thought you're going to slightly different direction. But one of the things I get frustrated with is intercommunication inside of the office and not having ability to say I'm on on such account I want to leave a note that I want to tag to somebody else to go handle. So no, here, here's a, here's a, here's, here's our fun one, where any any note go click on, click on a new note, any note that you leave. And you can leave notes on buildings. You can leave on contracts, you can leave on customers, anything you can, you can. We're going to handle a number of things through through notes, but you can assign that with through needs follow up to an individual. And you can put a follow up date with it. Go back up to the dashboard. That will then show up on, it. You have it open that, there you go. It shows up on on the dashboard for an individual, it's basically an individual that's that's logging in. You have notes, and you can do it. You can do it for for contact records, for, for contract records, for, for building records. Basically almost every record inside the system has the ability to tag a note to it. Okay? And you can even do it on your own user profile, so you can keep your own project. Management list.

Speaker 4  1:09:04
So this is not a CRM, or is, is there the ability to have, say, a list of all of your dealers and sales people?

Unknown Speaker  1:09:12
Yeah, we you can track, we can track

Unknown Speaker  1:09:14
that that is not a not a customer, nothing like that.

Speaker 1  1:09:18
We can. And not only can you, you can, you can do what we call organizations. So you can have a dealer, and you can assign a salesperson to that dealer. You can have it. You can that can be signed off to, depending on which RTO company you want to assign them off

Speaker 4  1:09:31
to, because we are using the CRM now that we don't really like, and we're like, why don't we build our own users? I guess user permissions is, I mean, you have to have that, because we would love to have a type of manufacture, a type of contact that is called investor, with very restricted user.

Speaker 1  1:09:51
Yeah, so, so one of the, and also one of the things that, when it comes to notes, one. We, I think we had a note type where you can, it'll confident, yeah, confident. Confidential, yeah, confidential. Note type is, will be based on a restriction level. So you can actually, like, you could tag, you could have a, well, let's just, let's say, for example, you have a manufacturer. Maybe you're trying to buy that manufacturer, or something like that, and you want to leave a bunch of notes about that manufacturer. But only you want, only certain permission levels you're taking confidential so that,

Speaker 4  1:10:25
oh, yeah, you got it. We do tons of letters, you know, templates that get printed, whatever.

Speaker 1  1:10:34
Yeah, and those. And so the way that we're actually handling those as a note itself, so when, when you actually generate a letter that goes out to the customer that gets logged in the note history, the full entire letter.

Speaker 4  1:10:45
They just asked me for that this week. They said, when some of these go legal, they really need to prove when what was sent all of

Speaker 1  1:10:54
that, yeah, that will all be logged in the note history. Interesting along with it. How do

Speaker 4  1:10:57
you handle billing? Then you have to be able to look out ahead, right to, yeah, I don't even know how to protest all the

Speaker 1  1:11:03
billing side. We haven't even that is, I mean, it's, we haven't done anything on billing yet, on how to handle, like, billing sites, definitely doable once, yeah, yeah, that is here. Let me Sure. I mean, that the data is here. How much billing do you actually do anymore, like actual invoicing now? Oh, constantly do you, oh, yeah, we do. Our invoicing has gone to almost nothing because we do, we do. We do coupons and then, but even so, the amount of customer physical payments anymore, I mean, we're down to 20 and 40%

Speaker 4  1:11:34
a lot of these are email bill, yeah, but no, we still send 1000s of letters. Yes, we do not coupons, yeah, but

Speaker 1  1:11:41
you don't do you do, like, regular invoicing, like, where you're actually printing out the invoice stuffing in an envelope. We don't do any of it anymore,

Speaker 4  1:11:47
so we've never done coupons. I just never, like, literally, none of my companies have ever done coupons. So I don't know email, yes, we push the email billing, but we're still talking 1000s of paper contra paper invoices a

Speaker 1  1:12:07
month. We quit everything years ago. We just do coupons, send a packet. We do a welcome letter packet with that's got all the coupons in. It's got an explanation about their contract and the whole entire thing. And it's like it's a one time mail, and we don't mail any now, we'll still mail letters like, like past two accounts that you're trying to get, you know them to pay.

Speaker 4  1:12:27
They have, they have, they have all of that. But at I think three days a week they do because all the different stores. So, yeah, they set it up. I don't know our maybe we need to think, rethink our workflow sometimes, but now that they're used to it,

Unknown Speaker  1:12:44
you have a you have a cycle,

Speaker 4  1:12:46
you have a cycle. However, we could new customers. Could, like, we could split them over, potentially flip that

Speaker 1  1:12:51
over. We started, we started doing that as we onboarded new management companies. And it's just like, at that point, we're like, this is the way we do it. And we just, we just run right right from the very beginning, and then we've slowly converted historical companies over to it. And it just, it's so nice, so

Speaker 4  1:13:07
simple notes, actually, you got some formatting, right? Oh yeah,

Speaker 1  1:13:11
yeah. I mean, it's, it's all of your normal formatting. Do we expect? Check boxes, bullet points, one, two, threes.

Speaker 4  1:13:18
Whoa. You got everything formatting? Yeah, background color, you

Unknown Speaker  1:13:23
know, full length colors, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:13:24
wow. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:13:28
pictures, struggling

Matthias Miller  1:13:33
a little bit, but screenshots or something, wow, not sized quite perfectly, but it's sorry, something's,

Speaker 4  1:13:42
did I see DOCUMENT MANAGEMENT somewhere? Yeah, uh, contract, their delivery sheets or whatever. You'll do it

Speaker 1  1:13:49
through attachments. There'll be an attack. I don't know that we necessarily have it in here yet.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:53
I thought, okay,

Matthias Miller  1:13:54
I You probably you can, you can see it on, um, yeah, it was both the customer, customer, customer of the contract, has it? Contract spread into this contract, yeah? Like here, attachment,

Unknown Speaker  1:14:13
that's what I Yeah, okay, upload attachments, yeah, okay. And this, do you know

Speaker 1  1:14:21
when we started doing? When we started? Yesterday was exactly two months ago that we started. The first development was done two months ago.

Speaker 4  1:14:30
Okay, we met before then, yes, me

Speaker 1  1:14:33
and you, yes, we did. We it has been a bit of a So, when? When, before kickoff, had a number of conversations with the with the CEO of of this platform, and I apparently said, I don't remember having saying this, but I said it'd be nice to have a demo by the point of the show. He took me serious. I was joking, and here we are. I. Year. So it's been a bit of a, it's been a bit of a mad sprint, and,

Matthias Miller  1:15:05
ah, Dwayne's a little out of breath,

Speaker 1  1:15:08
but, yeah, yes. I mean, there's a lot of things. There's a lot of things that, quote, don't work yet, but we've, we've, we're going to fake around enough stuff that that people are going to think it's but, I mean, I'm going to be honest with people at the at the NSRA, it's like, no, we're not ready. We're nowhere near ready to go to market. Jason, it's, he's, he's delaying by three years. That's what I heard. I don't

Speaker 4  1:15:37
know. I really, I didn't, I don't see I saw a demo. I mean, he showed me at least, at least something, yeah, last year,

Speaker 1  1:15:45
but I don't know. I so at the at the entree Leadership Summit, he called Jim, and they had a conversation, and Jim just said, Hey, by the way, Jason says he's delaying for three years, and I'm like, You're kidding me, and I hadn't even, we haven't even hit the go button at at the entre leadership yet. I was like, well, knowing that, I better, but I better get on it.

Speaker 4  1:16:10
Yep, yep. Um, have you? Have you demoed any of the competition? I have? No. I demoed RTO. Simple, simple, smart, yes, Matthias smart. Years ago, I saw another company, what they had built their own, and I remember that they were considering marketing and never did, but his, that dashboard told you what to do. He they really bragged on that every user logs in in the morning, knows exactly what they've got to focus on today. Here's your late customers. Here's who like all of that interesting.

Speaker 1  1:16:51
So just just to be transparent, that dashboard was something we whipped up yesterday because I was like, PD is coming in tomorrow. We need a we need a dashboard.

Speaker 4  1:17:01
So, no, I like that.

Speaker 1  1:17:04
Go back. Go back to it. Matthias, I want to show you something really, really fun and cool. So click on the so this is before. Don't click on just yet. So this is your rent received by contract. So you it's broken out by every single contract type. So 2436 48 and 60 month contract in the stack bar. But now click on, click on the bar,

Speaker 4  1:17:32
and it breaks open to everything, everything that was in there.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:35
Yeah, 24 and 2580s later.

Matthias Miller  1:17:40
Yeah, I got power. Bi, that's cool. No scary,

Unknown Speaker  1:17:45
like I've seen, I'm doing this. But this, this is,

Speaker 4  1:17:53
that is fascinating, because we have companies that are, if that's accurate, data, vastly different.

Speaker 1  1:18:01
This is, this is the old shed rentals account, okay, from way back, from way back. Ah, it's like, this is, this is red. Would not be that big. Oh, my goodness, no, no. This comes this. I think the last contracts that were added to that was back in 2019 there was a few after 2019 but like, all, although all pre, most of this data comes out of pre covid, yeah, and so I had to, I shifted a whole bunch of the due dates, like, I literally went when I brought it in, and I was like, Oh man, that's never going to work. And so I, like, added, like, several years to all the dude, like, all the start all the start dates, oh yeah, all the start dates, as when I dropped it out of, out of RTO, Pro. So this is, this is really old data. It goes back

Speaker 4  1:18:43
pretty far. That makes sense. The struggle we've had is even automations or any kind of integrations, because we're not cloud based yet. So this may actually you're gonna be, you're gonna be at the at the Expo.

Speaker 1  1:19:07
Well, I'm not gonna be. I'm not gonna have a booth at the Expo. Just the NSRA. Oh, just

Speaker 4  1:19:11
the NSRA. Yeah, I'm not. Oh, Hawk's gonna be there, though, yeah, I believe he's going to that this

Speaker 1  1:19:17
year, sir. The cloud based thing is so fun. Copy, copy URL and just and chat it to me so inter intercommunication is just,

Matthias Miller  1:19:26
hey, let's do like this contract here. I want him to take a look at, where are you?

Unknown Speaker  1:19:36
Okay? He

Speaker 1  1:19:38
just dropped me a link. Oh, famously, there,

Unknown Speaker  1:19:41
you drop a link. Is there?

Matthias Miller  1:19:43
Let's do this. Let me do a let me do a customer search for not,

Unknown Speaker  1:19:49
yeah, permissions or something, yep. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:19:52
so let's search products. I want to pull up play houses, and I can send it. This record over, copy the link, drop it in.

Speaker 1  1:20:03
So he, what he did is he actually copied a URL now with the Ask prompts already filled out. So, but I with that. So when I click this right here, I get the

Speaker 4  1:20:13
exact same thing. And this is the the database or whatever is running. This is supposed to be super fast,

Unknown Speaker  1:20:22
super fast

Matthias Miller  1:20:23
we are running. Do you remember what the how many transactions we're running on the database, transactions we're running on the

Unknown Speaker  1:20:31
other in assist, in assist.

Matthias Miller  1:20:35
I did some math on it. We're up to assist is has

Unknown Speaker  1:20:38
no relevance to him. You can show him some here.

Matthias Miller  1:20:43
Let's do something like this. Been none last nd X key activity. So our auto blog itself has got approaching nine and a half million entries, nine and a half million discrete edits. Packaged edits, the individual changes would be, would be more than that.

Speaker 4  1:21:07
But this is not like lines in a database, or is it? No.

Matthias Miller  1:21:11
I mean, well, this is, this is the part of the database. This is the audit log part of the database has got nine and a half million entries, but I forget the transaction count of what we're doing on a daily basis. We could, probably, we could check that with I have a report, actually, let me see if I have my report.

Matthias Miller  1:21:34
I was almost sure I had put something together just for fun. But no anyway, I there's a fairly high I mean, I don't think most people would find this just wildly. I'd have to write a custom bullet. It is high performance. Anybody who looks at Oracle or SQL or anything like that, they're probably going to yawn, because, of course, it's high performance. But whatever.

Speaker 4  1:22:00
Why is RTO pro so slow? We try to run a report, and Brooks can play a game of chess before the results come back and power. Bi does it in a click. It just just, I'm like,

Speaker 1  1:22:11
no, no, did you did you see the did you see the the email that went out from, from, from shed sweep that said they're making the reports 10 times faster. I just giggled. I just laughed. Because I like, Okay, we get into these conversations as well. But it's like, it's speed is like, we get really grouchy around here, if we're at, you know, 19 milliseconds. It's like, so this is long

Speaker 4  1:22:39
what's taking this thing? So Power BI just in in history, it's importing. We're approaching a million lines every time I do an import, once I've got it, I'm like, literally, click, click, click, I can it's just, it's like, it's instant. I didn't realize how slow Pro was to like, it's just, it's insane. Yeah. Why does anybody stick with that? Although, for the price,

Unknown Speaker  1:23:06
which is going up

Unknown Speaker  1:23:07
drastically, we'll see.

Matthias Miller  1:23:11
Dwayne might, might hold off the price increase or what you're

Speaker 4  1:23:15
switching we're switching to their payment processor, kind of being forced to enforce it, but we are saving a good chunk of money. Thank you to you know, it's a payment process that bought it, yeah? What does that tell you? It's a payment processor. Yeah. Have you thought of that?

Speaker 1  1:23:32
Well, here's, here's the question I want to I want to ask RTO companies, do you want to pay? Do you want to pay for your software? You want to pay for the payment process? Which one do you want to do? Because you're paying

Matthias Miller  1:23:43
for it somewhere, free money. What are you talking about?

Speaker 1  1:23:46
Is free money. I want to give you 100% choice on what you want to use for a payment processor, and I'm going to charge you for the software.

Speaker 4  1:23:52
How about that? Because it's smart. I don't know. I think smart people are going to jump on that

Speaker 1  1:23:57
Well, I mean, because here's the thing, if we've gone back and forth on because I would love to have broad, broad access to just about any credit card processor, but I don't know that we're going to be able to do that, because oftentimes you do it some type of Gateway, then you get into gateway charges that in order to hook that up. But at the same time, like a lot of people are going to be ending up coming from clearing or something like that, and if they liked it, fine, we'll hook it up. Okay.

Speaker 4  1:24:29
Oh, how do you handle multiple entities? You have them here. You have to, yeah, it has to handle it, right, okay, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:24:35
everything's, everything's tagged with an RTO company, and you can run. Do you

Matthias Miller  1:24:39
mind if I pop off for a

Speaker 1  1:24:40
minute, what's that? I'll be right back. Well, let's just, we're gonna go get some lunch. Okay, well, I'll see you at about what would you say? Three or 330 Okay, he's off. I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai