Matthias Miller  00:01
Matthias, so welcome once again to pub in the desert, where we bring you honest, curious conversations about faith and the human experience. I'm Matthias Miller, here with my co host, Kevin David critner, and today also with our special guests, Patrick and Caitlin Lapp. But before we dive in, I want to recap our three guiding principles. First, you don't need to be fixed. You need to be known, and we believe that love is defined as knowing and being known. Second, we approach difficult topics with genuine curiosity. So we aren't here to win arguments. We're here to understand and then third, we don't come with preset agendas. We're here to let conversations unfold naturally and follow where authenticity leads us. So pull up a chair, grab a drink, and let's explore what union looks like with God, with others and with ourselves. So Kevin and I are both delighted to be with with you guys, Patrick and Caitlin, again, we had a wonderful time last time. Yeah, and I wanted to just jump in, because it felt like I I threw out a question, and we ran out of time, and I wanted to dive straight back into that, and so I'm going to do my best to re resurface the question. And this is going to be the, this little fire starter for the conversation, and we'll, we'll see where it goes from there. But the question is simply this, the concept of Union as a anthos as a concept of salvation is very orthodox view of salvation. And in informal conversation, I was asking you a little bit about how does the kind of the post reformation concept of salvation fit into that, specifically the much more legal perspective on salvation, the idea of the penal substitutionary atonement. And these are lots of big words, so we should probably start by defining terms a little bit. One of the things that you mentioned, one of the pictures you mentioned was, I believe you mentioned, or I took it away and just put words in your mouth, but you mentioned the idea that salvation, if we think of salvation as an elephant, and it has many different facets as a way of understanding. So I'd love to dive into that. But first of all, can we just explain the big words that we're throwing around and what they mean and what they are, and start there that's great,

Speaker 1  02:26
yeah, yeah, yeah. Who wants to? Who wants to tackle what, I guess is kind of a roll the dice, yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  02:36
I want you to tackle it.

Speaker 2  02:38
No, no, I'd be glad to Yeah. I think maybe penal substitution is probably where we can start. That one is so familiar to people, but people maybe, maybe they just don't know the term penal substitution is really a guilt focused view of the gospel. We're guilty. We're in the courtroom. The judge is God. Declares us guilty. Evidence is stacked up a mile high, there's no way we're getting out. Our judgment is clear. All of a sudden the door opens up. You know, the music plays. Jesus saunters in and says, No, this one's mine, like the guilt is gone. And this is kind of how the scene is played out. Even in evangelism, we use that courtroom scene in evangelism as a way of, kind of describing the gospel. And it's really this idea of, we have a debt that we that, you know, we had a debt we could not pay. God did not have the debt that he could pay, but he took our debt and cleared our cleared our debt. And so it's, it's very transactional view of salvation. It's a very, again, a very guilt based view, which is very western idea too. And it's also a very justice oriented view, I'm guilty. I know I'm guilty. I deserve punishment, and yet God has given me this second chance, because and penal substitution will often bring in the peace of God laid the judgment upon Jesus. So the emphasis is, Jesus took my punishment, bore the wrath of God on the cross, and that was what then caused me to be free from from punishment.

Kevin David Kridner  04:08
Yeah? Is the predominant view Middle East, western church, sure, yeah.

Speaker 2  04:16
Especially if you think about all the music we listen to, a lot of the worship songs will have these themes in it. I even quoted a few of them in just the way I was describing it. Just all of the ways we sing about the gospel, we internalize the gospel. A lot of it is that, that kind of guilt basis, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  04:36
yeah. Wow.

Matthias Miller  04:39
So contrast though, because when you when you grow up, when you're exposed to, when you live in a world where that is the basis, that's all you know, sure, but, but, and this is my I'm like the absolute curious novice who doesn't know anything. I'm like the uneducated, curious kid here, but like.

Unknown Speaker  05:00
I will be gentle. Thank you. Yeah, if

Matthias Miller  05:03
I, if the video, you know, suddenly turns off, you know, I'm in the background, wiping tears off my face. No, I'm just kidding the but this, this view, took a shift, yeah, in the reformation is ever or compare contrast, because, yeah, it's always been the view the predominant understanding.

Speaker 2  05:26
Or, yeah, man, you're probably going to hear 1000 different answers from 1000 different theologians, probably on the diagnosis of that, I would say I would probably locate it somewhere around the emergence of, I don't know, even evangelicalism, is probably before evangelicalism, but they kind of it really, it seems like it's a very American version. It really sprung out of maybe, like George Whitfield era,

Unknown Speaker  05:56
who's even, like British you don't think,

Speaker 2  05:58
no, I would say it's tough, Matt, but I'm trying to name some of the people who I would think, who is, who's, who's, Kyle, trader, theologian, the Oh, Edward Edward Yeah, yeah, yeah. So Edwards, yeah. Jonathan Edwards would have probably had that, that, that predominant view,

Unknown Speaker  06:14
sinners in the hands of an angry God?

Speaker 2  06:16
Yeah, the sinners in the hands of angry God view the kind of the 10 revivals? Yeah? Don't want to make it the boogeyman, because a lot of people make enlightenment the boogeyman, and I don't want to make it purely just the Enlightenment fault, but the more modern switch to kind of viewing the person as more of just kind of a mind, and the more justice switch in ethics, I think maybe even with Kant, the more the duty based ethics, where you have, you know, you know, duties that you have to compete complete, and there's justice in that. And that's how we find justice. And if you fail, that's where, where the decision comes in. So I feel like the Enlightenment was a big switch. Modern philosophy kind of really did a switch that kind of the church tagged on to, and that's where it kind of became more predominant. I wouldn't say no, it wasn't one of the major it wasn't the predominant view. I don't think of the church. I would make that statement decently confidently, especially in the east. So the Orthodox Church, for sure, not even in the Western Church. There was a lot of debates happening in the Scholastic period. So that would be like 1100 to 1400 or something around there. Those are rough dates. But that's, you know, with Thomas Aquinas and some of these guys, they were discussing views of the Atonement. And I don't know if that's where the term originated from or not. I'd have to do some research on exactly when the term was first kind of popping up in literature. But they would have, they would have been in conversation about these types of atonement theories. And penal substitutionary atonement would have came up at that point too. And I think the hardest part about any type of type of atonement theory is that each one has biblical backing, and that's why I do. I love the elephant image. I love the the image of a diamond, right? There are evidences in scripture of there being this very guilt understanding of the gospel. You know, Jesus did pay our debt. There's clear there's clear speech of of Jesus bearing a punishment that he didn't deserve. For sure, in, you know, Second Corinthians five, there's a clear double imputation. You know, he who knew no sin became sin so that we could become the righteousness of God. That's a very clear switch. Now, in that there's a lot of Theosis, a lot of deification piece that is kind of left to the wayside, maybe a little bit, whereas we kind of really kind of boiled it down to justification itself. But I mean, in my mind, the only reason I really brought in Edwards is, I feel like with Jonathan Edwards and those revivalists, kind of the sinners prayer, kind of this justification as a moment in time thing really became really attached itself to penal substitution, because those really, those correlate so well, right? Like it's a momentary thing. My guilt is gone. I'm free. I walk down the aisle, I pray the sinners prayer. And again, these aren't, these aren't necessarily bad views or wrong views, but they kind of really maybe took over to a certain extent.

Matthias Miller  09:17
So can you? Can you also fill in a little bit, because Theosis is not a word that I spend a lot of time hearing anything about in, kind of the the flavor of Christianity, that that I've spent most of my life in and so, and the the concept of, I think Theosis and, you know, deification, can really have some kind of, if you just look at it from the surface, It's kind of like a scary like, What in the world are you really trying to say? Well, first of all, what is it? What do you mean by that? And, yeah, can we start with that too? Because I think establishing that useful.

Speaker 2  09:52
Yeah, it is very scary. It's very scary sounding to our ears, I should say because so i. Think athanas was one who had had the quote of God became man so that man could become God. Yes, it's very, very, very short, very clear thing. This is what deification is. It's very scary to us because we hear that and we get uncomfortable. It sounds a little bit too Buddhist, kind of almost idolatry. It does sound like Mormon. I've actually had in evangelism with Mormons. I've had a Mormon person bring up athanases quote, be like, see, this is a clear example of, you know, yet we are becoming gods, just like Jesus became God. But of course, clear misinterpretation of everything athanasas was saying. But this was kind of on the surface. This is what it can seem like you're saying, I become like God, which sounds exactly like what Satan said, right? Like I want to be like God, and that we never want to be like Satan. So I think that's the hard part. Is it does have you have to really understand what are we actually saying when we say, become like God and and deification is this whole purpose, or this whole idea of, if the Trinity is a unity among persons where perfect love is found, and there's perfect unity in that.

Speaker 3  11:13
And Jesus is one of the mutual, mutual indwelling, the very charisis, nice,

Speaker 2  11:18
nice, yeah, that's yeah, mutual indwelling. Then for us to be united with Christ means we're united with the Godhead, with the with Trinity, with with divinity itself, as as Peter would say, it's we become partakers of the divine nature. And that that phrase is wild, because to be to think about humans, you know, even just the non divine ones, like Jesus, humans becoming partakers of the divine nature. That is where the unit union, union with Christ comes, union with Trinity comes, union with divinity comes, and that then brings what we would say, deification, which is just God likeness.

Kevin David Kridner  12:00
Can you even see Peter having this experience prior to writing his letters. You know, it was, it was Peter right where his shadow is cast upon somebody and they're healed. That's Peter, right,

Speaker 2  12:12
Peter, yeah, it was, it was a shadow with Peter as well as, I think, the the napkins with Peter, where the right, that's the pieces of cloth he touched that were handed out then to the sick people, right?

Kevin David Kridner  12:23
So he's having this very God like experience, sure, and he's, he's writing about it, right? Yeah, not just a conceptual idea. This is like I had this experience,

Speaker 2  12:36
right, right? And in the context of partakers of the divine nature. Peter directly flows into a a a list the will, his own progressive view of sanctification. So because of because of being partakers of the divine nature, you add to your faith, knowledge, and you add to knowledge, temperance and temperance, patience and patience. And you keep going down brother until you get to brotherly kindness and then ultimately to charity, which is the final, the final step. And so you see him even saying, Okay, this is we are not particularly divine nature. This is what it means. It means that we then grow in character and virtue in a way that that you would even say maybe the Greeks would have no conception of right, the virtue of the understanding of of growing, in virtue of actually being able to change and be transformed, unheard of, right? It was all more based upon a lot of child developmental theory. And once you reach a certain point, they're like, Yeah, you're, you're toast, right? You can't, you're locked in pipe. Yeah, you're locked, you're you're set the 20

Kevin David Kridner  13:43
years until 20 years ago. That was the standard interpretation within psychology, that it's locked in place at a certain age, seven to 10, somewhere around there. And then you can do behavior modification, but there is no changing, right, right? And this whole idea of neuroplasticity comes around, which flows with, you know, the the renewing of the heart and the mind, yeah, yeah. And then all of a sudden you're like, Oh, wow. There is a becoming here. There is sanctification, there is this discipleship, right?

Speaker 4  14:15
Yeah, yeah, yeah. And even learning, like people now, learning about ways to break habits, or how to form new habits, and how meditation is actually a great way that our bodies relieve stress and that. And you're like, Oh, well, it's interesting that God has incorporated all these different things that he's asked us to do that are actually helpful for both our minds, for our habit formation, for our ability just to worship Him and that. And it's, it's, I mean, we are holistic beings in that sense and that. So I yeah, I think it's very interesting how, you know, you look at all those different things about the way the mind functions and works, and people are realizing, wow, this is, this is something that can continue to grow. Can. To, you know, new brainwaves are being created through, you know, different stuff. And then I was like, yeah, like, we God has literally given us the instructions for, how do we become more like Him? How can we keep ourselves growing? How can we get into the meat and, you know, continue to learn and form ourselves? And, yeah, we're not these kind of set in stone type beings that you are doomed to be the way that you are. And it's no,

Unknown Speaker  15:25
right, yeah, this is it, yeah,

Speaker 2  15:33
yeah. And there is, I think, along with this discussion, you have to, you have, you do have to qualify, I think, partly for the for the Mormons groups who are disengaging from and from this, you know, clear danger of idolatry. And one of the the easy distinctions is by talking about adoption versus sonship by nature. And so Jesus in Hebrews, there's a lot of this kind of way you can parse that out in Hebrews, where Jesus is a son by reason of his divinity, and then we are adopted into into that. And so there is this qualification of like, Jesus merits resurrection because of his victory over death and sin. I merit resurrection because I'm adopted and united with Christ. And those are two hugely distinct things, even though we both get resurrection. And so I think the same goes with deification. Theosis is that, you know, God is God by nature of who he is, by by the by the very nature of his existence. He is God. And yet we get to participate with that, become partakers of that by reason of adoption, by reason of union with Christ. And so those those clarifications help kind of parse out there is still a distinction there, what we often refer to as creator, creature distinction. There's a creator, there's a difference between creator and creature. And that distinction never goes away. And yet we become partakers, participants, yeah, adopted as sons and daughters. Like there's this kind of connection there that doesn't remove the distinction entirely.

Kevin David Kridner  17:12
It's very interesting. On a human model, I have clients who have been adopted, and they struggle throughout their adulthood with that feeling of not being chosen, not being, you know, biologically, with their their biological parents. And it's interesting you say that, because the one thing in my experience with the people that I have worked with who are struggling with that is pointing out that adoption within the family of God, right, right? That it's not a secondary place. Oh, sure, because Jesus says co heir. Oh, right, yeah, of course, you know. And so there is this CO airness, and somehow, in some alchemy, via the spirit, like it will be able, like they, they can actually step into, no, I am a co heir in this larger family, right? And it's a very powerful concept, just to, just to embrace, yeah, you know, so it's you, I could see people saying, Oh, well, you're adopted. It's kind of like a secondary, right? Like, no, yeah, you're adopted. You're it's, I like the term grafted. You're grafted in, of course, and then you grow into that branch and and fruitful and all those kinds of things. And even echoing Jesus's conversation around finding the branch, right,

Speaker 2  18:35
right, of course, yeah, right, yeah, yeah. And with making the distinction, there's no, there's no secondary Right? Like there's no lesser position. It's more of the, the source of the position, right? And it's really the word of participation, that's the that's the key piece, because Jesus, by reason of his divine sonship, has this by right of being son, and yet we can participate with him in that through him. And so it's the same, you know? And I think the vine is a good example of that too. It's like, we don't bear fruit of ourselves, but only through connection with the vine. And I think that would be more of the idea of adoption too. It's like, oh yes, we weren't. We don't inherit. Inherit this because we, of ourselves, are God, and so we become like God, but we inherit this because we are attached to the one who is God, Jesus, and united with Him. And so that's where the adoption analogy would come in. Is that we are attached to the family, versus

Unknown Speaker  19:39
through our outside looking in,

Speaker 2  19:40
sure, sure, yeah. There's no secondary there's no hierarchy, the CO errors, language, the the understanding of being full full. Sons and Daughters are the Most High. There's no secondary state, just like there's no secondary state within a family you know, or you know, ideally there shouldn't be between those who are bio. Magic on those who are adopted,

Unknown Speaker  20:01
right? Wow. I think one

Matthias Miller  20:06
of the fascinating things about this, to me is that there's this, how much all of this terminology exists within a very mental, rational view of Christianity that's very familiar to the west, but there's a gap between the, okay, I know this. I've heard this and stepping into the experience of, when I think of grafting, it's like, I mean, grafting is about being connected to a life source and letting the life source your shape and mold you. And there's, there's a sense in which you're still this branch that doesn't really fit in the tree, and for whatever reason, you're here and you're alive and you're bearing fruit, and it's connected, but not really separate, but kind of different, and all of that. But my point being like, I'm curious, especially for people, I think just for the sake of people listening, and it's like, okay, this is, this is really interesting. But how do, what does it actually look like to go from like this, just mental awareness of it, to really a full being, participation in salvation,

Unknown Speaker  21:20
right? Yeah.

Kevin David Kridner  21:22
I think it's probably trying to say, like, moving from the head to the heart, right, right, not an intellectual understanding, but a heart posture of it a knowing, yeah, the thing, it's a great question. Caitlin, you were saying something,

Speaker 4  21:40
yeah, sorry. I was just thinking like, I think to put ourselves into that position, we have to kind of do what you were doing, as far as thinking of like, what are those steps look like? Right? Because you think about both the grafting and being an orphan in that like, you're cut off from a life source, whether it's the plant or whether it's the family, and you're cut off from that source like you have no one, nothing to provide you with the nutrients or with the love, with the support that you need. You've you've been taken away from everything that you've known, right? And in both those scenarios, you're then placed into something that provides everything that you need so that you can thrive, so that you can flourish, so that you can ultimately reach the best of what you could possibly reach that you could never have done without that right, like, you know, in most cases too. If we think about in the time of like, the Bible and thinking about the orphans there, I'm sure there was plenty of scenarios where it was like today, where, you know, people just felt like they couldn't do it, whatever, you know, gave their kids up. But also, I think there would probably have been a lot more scenario where their families died and they were orphaned. You know, they had no parents. There was there was no family to take them in. There was a famine that took out, you know, the village, you know, like, all these scenarios where, like, literally everyone that they knew had passed. And so that was likely going to be their future, because as little kids, they would have no one else to look to, no one else to bring them in, and so to be taken in by a family and said, You're mine. I'm going to care for you. I'm going to take that burden because you are not a burden, because you are loved, and you are now my son or my daughter, and and the same thing with a plant, you know, to like, have that severed from the nutrients, right? And to be, if not, you know, thrown into the dirt, and to pass and to no longer fulfill what your purpose was, but to now be made into a whole another plant, to be grafted into that plant so that now it's nutrients, it's thriving, it's making something even more fruitful than it was before. And so like thinking about those things, and thinking about my life and and, yeah, I've, I've not been orphaned. I've, you know, I'm not a plant, obviously, but like, there was a lot of ways in which I felt the hopelessness and the sadness of life and feeling like I was dying and like I wasn't. There was nothing to really thrive from, and to realize that when God came into my life to see how he ultimately brought me back to life and helped me to flourish. And now I can see looking back into the past, of all of the things that's grown out of that, of all the beautiful family that I've been now connected to through the blood of Christ, that these people, apart from God, we have nothing similar, you know nothing in common, or I would have never have known how beautiful they were if it wasn't Christ that had connected us, and those conversations about Christ and who he was that brought us so close together. And so yeah, just just putting yourself into that, that mental process of, what does this look like in my. Life, you know, and and thinking about, where was I dead, that then I felt life start to come back into me through Christ, through what he did, through what he's continuing to do in me. Because I it's very obvious to me now, and maybe it's because I've, we've had to practice it a lot with God, right? Of like, looking and seeing my life, of like, oh, okay, I know what it looks like now for me to go through dark and hard times, but I also know that those means, like time of growth, and those are times where I can really see God's hand providing for me and bringing in other people to kind of help that growth to continue on. So you kind of learn to look for those things, and you learn to see what you know, how, how Christ has done that in your life.

Kevin David Kridner  25:47
Yeah, it seems like we, we're, we're, God's adamant, especially in the Old Testament, to take care of the aliens, the widows and the orphans, adamant, over and over and over again. And like, as we're talking about this, the grafting in and the sonship and daughtership, it's like this was his plan all along, yeah, to bring that, that together. Yeah, yeah, there's maybe suggesting, I'm sorry, Matthias, like we were talking about moving from the head to the heart, maybe the only thing that can do that is suffering, and in suffering turning to God in the midst of it. And if we raised in a culture that sees all suffering as inherently bad, and your job is to be comfortable, it makes sense that we have so many withering vines. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Catholics talk about the this, this three stage process, and it's in the Divine Comedy as well, where he talks about the purgative, the illuminative and the unitive state. And they, at least, my spiritual director talks about it this way. He goes. That's that's circumstantial. Within seasons of our lives, there's purgative seasons where things are getting stripped away, and then we have these Illuminations, and we grow more in union. And then as a lifelong journey as well like it, it's absolutely essential to have that so maybe that's a key component of moving from Head to Heart.

Matthias Miller  27:25
One of the things that strike strikes me, there's a gentleman by the name of Jack Frost, who who grew up as a sailor and and had came to Craig's. I can't remember the specifics of his story, but he had a very interesting definition for an orphan. And he said the biggest challenge as an orphan he shared he basically, he basically threw away his, I believe it was his adoptive father's business, because of his own sheer willpower and independence. And he defined the orphan as independence. And I think one of the pictures that started emerging as you were sharing Caitlin is look at it. Look at a vine. Look at it a branch. Look when it's pruned. It creates stress and and the process of going from Head to Heart is leaning into the life source and learning to draw on the life source. That's what suffering does. It leans us into the life source. And pragmatically, I think one of the most difficult things for with one of the challenges that you face in parenting children who've been in orphaned situations is they're so accustomed to independence, and they could have family all around them, but to get them to ask for help, to ask for what they need to, to lean and trust somebody else, to actually come through, that's a big leap. And it's it's like the process of becoming a son in a, in a in a like in a human family is about learning how to have appropriate dependence on other people and trust in other people to build your own capacity. And it's much the same way with God then, where it's like in much of the journey of sanctification, and the journey of taking these concepts from the head to the heart, is laying down our independence and learning to lean on family members, be it God Himself, be it on our brothers and sisters, and becoming interdependent in a healthy way,

Unknown Speaker  29:36
right? Yeah, I

Speaker 4  29:37
think that's a great way to look at it, that because, like, ultimately, like, that's what our sin was, right? Was our desire for that independence, right to be apart from God, to not need God, because we're already going to be like God. So, you know, I'll seek and eat that fruit, but to not realize then that actually the blessing itself is to be in participation with God is. To have that relationship with God like that is the beautiful thing. That is the desirable thing. Why would I want to be like God rather than pursuing the relationship with God and and I think like that is what our hearts are all truly longing for. Because, I mean, God himself is a relational being, you know, and he the Trinity. He's all in relationship with Himself. And so if we're truly made in His image, then we are all desiring that as well. And so that independence is, is the death threat to all of us, you know, to the vine, to the orphan, to the, you know, like name, all of the pictures. And that's, that's the problem. And so, yeah, when we can learn how to lean into the relational that's where that thriving and that life is coming from. So I think that's that's dead on, yeah, wow.

Kevin David Kridner  30:52
And just remind, like, in this moment, as you're talking, I'm just thinking, like the love of God is just absolutely ridiculous, there's a French Easter liturgy that says the love of God is folly. And you'll see it all over France during Easter. And it's like, when I first heard that, I was like, What are you talking about? But the deeper I go, I go, this is ridiculous. Grafting in orphans. You know, the the unconditional love, the the putting these things on, like, this is all ridiculous. It's all too good to be true, yeah? Like, it's folly. It's ridiculous. The farce

Unknown Speaker  31:32
to seek out your enemies, to have that kind of love for them,

Unknown Speaker  31:36
right?

Speaker 3  31:37
Yeah, I tell you to bless, bless those who curse you, right? What that sounds really dangerous,

Unknown Speaker  31:49
yeah. And

Kevin David Kridner  31:51
objectively, it is, yeah, it is Paul. I think it's in in First Corinthians four. Paul's talking to Corinthians. He's like, We're starving, we're homeless. We live in rags, like, like, we're the scum of the earth, like, that's, that's what this is like. So, so come on in and join the club. Yeah, yeah. Hard sell it.

Speaker 2  32:16
It's interesting that Jesus message is so counter cultural when it's true, right? Like, I think that's the that's the power of the gospel, is that when you realize that it's true, like, oh yeah, it is true that when I lose my life, I find it. It is true that when I I lay down my desires, I actually find the fulfillment of my desires and and that's true. And I love my enemies, I actually find love and flourishing in life that is beyond comprehension. And so it's strange though, that the opposite dominates our complete nature, you know? And I'm even thinking about the orphan like, what is it? What is it about the orphan state that is so desirable? Right? Because, because, because we choose it. I choose it. That's where sin comes from, right? Is I choose the orphan state. And yet it's so painful for me, and it hurts me and it you know, it's as if I am reaching out and touching the fire, and every time I get burned, but something about the fire makes me want to touch it. And so I wonder, what is it that's in our fallen nature where that sin is capitalizing on that allows us to or that causes us to continually seek the orphan state versus surrendering to the love.

Kevin David Kridner  33:35
There's just something so vastly uncomfortable about surrender. Yeah, true. I was talking to a friend recently and going, she was going through a hard time and getting pregnant, and so it was a very trying time for both her and her husband. And I started to talk about surrender, and she stopped me. She goes, I don't like that word. She's like, I prefer yielding. And I go, okay, the tomato, tomato. But if yielding makes you feel more comfortable, by all means, but in that moment, I get it like I am not comfortable with surrender.

Speaker 4  34:17
It is, it is vulnerable. It is. It's uncomfortable to know that we're giving somebody else power to hurt us simply by not acting right. Because, like, you know you're setting yourself up for a situation that all they have to do is just not make any effort and that will crush me, right? Right? They don't even have to actively hurt me, or, you know, punch me, or whatever, like just not even being interested or motivated to to make an effort, right? It would hurt more than anything, and that's devastating, because we know how easy it is, like it's relationships. Are hard things, especially because by nature, they're mutual, and so you can only control yourself, but you're trusting the other person then to be motivated and interested enough to make an effort on their part, and you can't control that. You have nothing to say or do about that, right? Like that, I think, yeah, when I think about vulnerability, like, rejection is the worst kind of thing that I can imagine in my life. Like, that's, it's, that's pain, right? Yeah? So it's like, I can take a hit, somebody can punch me, fine, whatever, you know. Like, you know I, I was a bully. I know how to but like, reject me, and, oh, you know, and like, I won't even journal, because I realized from a very early age that I'm like, I if I were to write something down and to write it out fully, and felt like I got everything that was in my mind down onto the paper, and somebody were to read it and see it, and still decided that they did not like me. That was the last stronghold, like, because then I realized they they knew who I was, they they understood, and they didn't want me, and they weren't interested, and that that was, like the worst form of torture. So like, I don't, I don't journal to this day. Like, I probably, you know, it's something I probably should work through. But, like, but at the same time it's like that. That's the ultimate act of rejection for somebody to know you fully and and not want to, and then to say to to God, of like, oh, I trust you with that, though. Like, that, right? Like, that's the constant struggle between me and God is like, do I trust that you love me still? Do I trust that after everything you know about me, you still want me

Kevin David Kridner  36:50
given what you just said, What just popped to mind is a lot of people I've worked with, they talk about there's been a difficulty with being misunderstood throughout their lives and in light of what you just said, I could see that that could be a protective wall that I hide behind. Yeah, I'm just misunderstood, okay, but have you actually communicated what you actually think and feel? Well, no, I didn't have the space. Well, you can't say you're misunderstood if you're hiding behind this wall,

Speaker 2  37:25
sure, but maybe that I get that is actually, though, the the reason the walls are there, right? Because if like, like you're saying, if you are fully understood and known, and then you get rejected, then like you said, it's over, right? There's, there's nowhere else to go. You can't there's no excuses. There's no paths to walk through. I remember, I can't remember who, who first put me on this idea, but that apathy is the OP, is the most extreme opposite of love, not hatred. Like hatred itself is still a form of recognizing your existence, whereas apathy is a complete disregard for your existence, which is truly the opposite of what love is.

Kevin David Kridner  38:10
Apathy as in, like indifference,

Speaker 2  38:13
indifference, yeah, just not caring, not even caring enough to get angry at you, right? And I think that's that's a hard when you experience that type of indifference, you are crushed, because then you do cease to exist. And, you know, side note, there's a whole like, that's basically the foundation of why we believe health still exists, and why Satan is still exists, right? Because God is not able to do that completely. To cut someone off from existence is, is out of nature, out of character and but, but truly, that's what we wish to keep ourselves protected from the cast 22 and this is Augustine's whole thing with sin, is that that is actually what we were doing when we try to to not have it happen right by orphaning ourselves, we are removing ourselves from love. We are by by rejecting God. We are building up walls to keep us from the one who is life itself, who is existence itself, who is love itself? And so the thing about sin is that it's the in seeking to protect ourselves from that pain, we actually find ourselves moving more and more into what could only be referred as as as less less, less life, right? Less being.

Kevin David Kridner  39:44
Carl young describes sin as I'm paraphrasing, but chasing after that which is not yours to have, or avoiding that which is yours to have, most often, pain. Mm. Yeah, and so like it resonates with what you're just saying. There is, is it is, I'm, I'm, I've got this independence, I've got this orphan spirit, and I don't trust you to sit in this pain with me and teach me. So I'm going to chase something else that can remedy that pain for me, but it never does, and we've all had that experience, right,

Speaker 2  40:25
right? There's also, there's a real fear of and so it's a really, it's an awkward fear to describe. For me, I recognize it myself through Psalm 139, and pairing that with the Hound of Heaven poem, which I think we talked about last time we were together on Zoom. But, but is this? Is it? Is this really unique fear of maybe even recognizing that God is faithful and true and won't run away, but the kind of pain it is to sit with someone in love when you feel so worthless, it's almost of a unwillingness to accept the love, not because you've you feel like it might get taken away, but because you know it won't, and you think it should, or you want it to, because the shame and the pain of experiencing love In that space is to it just is painful,

Unknown Speaker  41:24
fascinating. You're saying this

Speaker 2  41:27
is continue, and yeah, the person stuck in a dark room feeling the pain and stress and anxiety of complete and utter darkness, but yet, when a little bit of light is let through, it's so painful to see that light that they immediately shut the door again. Yeah, like the light is the answer, and they know it's the answer, but they're so accustomed to the dark that to let in the light is just so painful, it burns and my mind CS Lewis, the fourth book, The the voice of the dawn. Treader, right, when? When was useless, useless, useless, right? Almost useless. Yeah, it rhymes with useless. Useless is the dragon, right, and the lion and Aslan has to scrape off the scales, and it's so painful, but in the end, it's the only thing that will allow him to return to humanity. Wow, that's what it feels like to surrender to love. That's what it feels like for me.

Kevin David Kridner  42:27
Yeah, yeah. I mean, it just resonates with what I've been experiencing recently. And maybe this is not a conclusion. I'm coming to it late, but Brennan Manning wrote a book called The Furious longing of God. It's one of my favorite books. And he describes the the definition of Furious is like an intense passionate energy, and that intense past passionate energy is coming upon you, or like Paul Young, I heard him talking, and he he talked about God's God's wrath, God's love. God's wrath is love. And what I was experiencing in Matthias, and I have talked about this, this ache, there's an ache, and I thought it was a bad thing, and and I had to fix it. And for for majority of my life, I had to fix it somehow. And me, the the methodology I went towards was, was apologetics, theology, spirituality, practices, whatever I could find in that vein to fix it. And nothing ever did. And what I've come to realize more recently, I'm again, I'm probably late to the game, is that that achor I'm feeling is the intensity of the love of God. It's experiencing that weight of the presence and the love of God and how intense and unconditional and the words we use just don't fit, but like the intensity of it that that I always thought was a bad thing, but I'm starting to see, is just the is just the very real felt presence of the love of God.

Matthias Miller  44:16
That light analogy is a really powerful analogy, because it's not just love and acceptance. It's you know how painful it is to to hear truth when you're steeped in lies, yeah, and even in Jesus promises, that truth, which is the the unveiling of reality, is what sets us free, and yet it's horrifyingly painful sometimes in the in the darker, the deeper you're in it, the more it hurts to come out of it. And you almost have to wonder, is this? What is this? What the religious leaders experience around Jesus, him shining a light of truth onto the lies and. The journey of pain, to walk through discomfort, difficulty, to walk through to to walk towards the light, was too great. And so rather than to walk into the light, let's slam the door shut, and let's, let's keep truth from being from shining in here. I mean, this is very practical in relationships, in the in business, in in church, and almost every area of life, yeah, yeah. Well, think

Kevin David Kridner  45:29
about that, that scene in John when they're in the garden and the temple guards are coming, and they get there and they're like, we're looking for Jesus. And he goes, I am. That's me. And they fall down. Yeah, yeah. And they get back up. Who are you looking for? We're looking for Jesus. I am. They fall down again, like being in the presence of God, like will knock you over Paul on the road to Damascus, in the presence of of Jesus. And like, he's he's knocked on his off his feet, yeah,

Speaker 2  46:08
and it's so it's fascinating to think of the difference between the Pharisees and I love that, that connection Matt was so good because the Pharisees versus the sinners had such a different experience of Jesus and the sinners just receive like they received His love, and in a powerful way. And I was speaking to a the Youth for Christ and close to us that we're kind of beginning to partner with, and they work with the detention center. And he was describing working with youth and how different it is when you go into a detention center and how different the kids receive you in a detention center. And a part of it was, is that there's no there's no there's no hiding, there's no there's no mass right? You know that they're there and that they deserve to be there in some way, and they know that they're there and they deserve to be there. So there's no like them trying to pretend to be better or to be good, no posturing, no posturing, right? They know they need help, and you know they need help, and they're in a place that just screams, I need help. And so there's this, there's this initial openness to receiving relationship, and I can imagine those who are so cast out by society, them having that experience, right? There's they were called sinners, right? Everyone knew they were the sinners. There was no there was no posturing, there was no mass, there was just them in front of Jesus exposed, and the Pharisees still had so much to posture with. There's so much to there's so much to put up on their Wall of glory that says, I don't really need that much help. And so that's that pride. I mean, really, it comes down to pride as being the root of all the sins, right? That pride kept them from receiving that love. When someone who hits rock bottom that pride is gone, and they're just, yeah, there's no more fight.

Kevin David Kridner  48:04
Well, maybe in a very similar way to his comments about

Speaker 2  48:09
the wealthy, sure, yeah, I think that's, that's an interpretation of the passage, yeah, yeah.

Kevin David Kridner  48:15
I don't need you, because I can throw money at whatever problem

Speaker 4  48:19
I have. Right, right? Yeah, yeah. Well, keeping with the whole light analogy as well imagining a room and obviously then a door, everyone's left in the dark, and when you open that door, there's that crack of light, and some of the people are just meandering in the dark close to the door, right, while others are actively walking further into the dark. And so unfortunately, I think it was just not clear for the Pharisees how actively they were walking further into the dark, right? Because, yeah, you you have a doorway. And some obviously, no, they want to get as far away from the light as possible. But you have the Pharisees. And they thought they were for sure, going towards that light. They thought they were already in the light, but here they were. They had passed the door, and they kept going, and so they were still moving away from the light, right. It was just not in the direction that they thought they were going and and to realize like having been confronted with the one who brought that light and saying, You missed it like it, it was right here, and to think like, no, no, I'm on my way. You know, I'm I'm already in the light, right? Like, you know, what are you talking about? Yeah, but not realizing, like, no, like, that was it, and you tried so hard to be the one who found it. Well, I'm sure there were certain, certainly those in those positions that knew they weren't in the light right. Like, I think there were some of that as well. But I think.

Kevin David Kridner  50:00
I think it's clear in Nicodemus conversation with Jesus, yeah, that he at least, at least the door was cracked. You know, there was some light coming in. Otherwise he's not there having that conversation, right?

Speaker 4  50:11
Yeah. And so there, there are definitely a mixture of people and where they were at, meandering around in the dark, but, but, yeah, I think, and I think that's probably why it hurt them most, because they were the ones loudly shouting, hey, we found it. We found the door. We're going to open it up, you know. And assumed that everyone was the, you know, then falling after them because they were that was their job. They were supposed to lead people to this light, right? And so then it just hurt all the more to realize, like, yeah, no, like, it wasn't what you thought it was. And so that would have taken a lot of humility and to just humble yourself and say, Yeah, I guess I did miss it right, like, and I think that's why I admire Nicodemus so much, is because he was kind of recognizing, hey, yeah, there's something, something, something's going on here, and I can tell this is something good and yet desirable, but I don't know how to reconcile it with what I'm already I've been doing my whole life, right?

Kevin David Kridner  51:07
Like, yeah, right. I know there's no gods with you. Like, we see what you do. Like, nobody could do that apart from God. But help me understand,

Unknown Speaker  51:18
right? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  51:22
yeah. Jesus makes this really profound statement. He said, If the light that is in you is dark, how great is that? Is the darkness? Exactly what you're saying Caitlin is, when you when you're in the dark, you're like, it's like, you're in the dark, and you're like, hey guys, look at the light, yeah? Like, then suddenly you're completely cut off from light because it's there. You don't need it. Like, and if light shines in, it's got to be something else, because the room is light.

Unknown Speaker  51:53
Like, yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  51:54
Talk about a mental trap, right, right? Yeah, yeah.

Kevin David Kridner  52:02
Well, there's that verse that talks about like the light shines and the darkness can't stay in present. Darkness flees in response to it, like, at least me growing up like I thought that light coming in and darkness fleeing wasn't altogether joyous experience. It was wonderful, sure. But if that dark, like, if there's darkness inside you and it's fleeing, that's going to be a very painful to your point, Matthias, like, that's a very painful thing. Yeah, this was one of my coping mechanisms. This is how I survive. This is, like, my gifts and my talents and everything. And now this light comes in, and that's fling, like, who am I now?

Speaker 2  52:48
Yeah, right, yeah. And there seems to be, like, it's interesting, because the light and dark analogy is so, so powerful, because the Bible describes Satan as, you know, represents himself as an angel of light. I think the same is true of riches. Of all of these things, is that there's good to be found in them. And so we make that our light. And so we seek from, you know, whatever, whatever the vice might be. But we try to make that okay. Now I have light, I have money. I can make my life comfortable. I can be my own God. Or I have or for the Pharisees case, maybe it was, you know, I have the law. I have my righteous deeds. I have all my good works. I have the prestigious position in the religious order. Whatever it may be you cling to that. And the little pieces, the little glimmers of light that are, you know, from God that He created in the world that is good and beautiful, wonderful, those little glimmers you you attach yourself to them and make them that be the sun for you. And so you're standing, or that maybe even a better analogy of like you're in the dead of winter, freezing to death, and you think this one little little candle is going to save you, and you're like, well, it's real. It's good. It feels warm. I feel the warmth on it like it feels good when I when I, you know, you think about bite, but I drink, when I smoke, when I do whatever, whatever vice you have, it's that goes over overboard, into an addiction, right? If it does feel good, it's just not going to save you. It's just, it is just a little glimmer. And so the Angel of Light analogy, even of Satan drawing us in by saying, Hey, these are, you know, these are some goods. And you could make this your son. Yeah, I think there's, there's pieces of that there where we find the little bits of good and we try to cling to them. Yeah,

Speaker 4  54:44
I think I growing up, I was always confused by the Bible saying the love of money is the root of all evil. But like now, when I'm thinking it's coming to mind while we're talking about all this, because, like, money is a representation of provision. In, right? And we 18 security, right? Yeah. And so we are all looking for security and provision in so many different ways, whether it's emotional or physical or, you know, even spiritual. And so we're we're using like our desire for that money is to be able to provide for ourselves all of the things that we need, that we feel we need, that we feel ultimately going to be what either makes us happy or healthy or safe or whatever. It can give us all those things, right, if we just have enough of that. And so like that. I think there's the first time it's hitting me of like, oh, it's actually like, it's the desire to be provided for, right, with all of those things, and that's simply the method that we see most clearly as the way to provide for ourselves. And so it's, yeah, it's interesting, even with like, you know, talking about Satan drawing us in with, yeah, you know, his version of the light and seeing the good and those things of like, yo. Well, what can people really recognize as good and money, except for like, the, you know, the purely, you know, passing things that will just decay anyway through time, right? But it's like, no, like, that's, that's an overall sign for our security and our safety and and I, I've always told Patrick this of like, I I hate the open ocean. And I hate, I hate space because I and I just like those movies, any movie that has that, you know, because it's like and I know exactly why, because I'm like this, those are the most frightening things to me, because space and ocean take away all of your immediate understanding of security and safety. Like there is no longer the illusion that you are going to be okay and safe because any little thing that goes wrong in your debt, you know, because lack of oxygen in both places, you know, like there's who knows what's up there, whether it's meteors or deep sea creatures, I don't know. Like, there's just so many things that it's like you are immediately aware that you are finite and that you could be destroyed within an instant. And yet, that's our average day. We just have so many things in our lives that keeps the illusion up of like, Oh, I'm safe, I'm cared for, I have everything I need. I can, you know, breathe freely. I don't have to worry about my oxygen being taken away in a moment, and it's like, no, no. That's that's all an illusion too, because ultimately, like, your days are numbered. It's just you don't know them, and you just have the thought that you're going to be okay because you can access what you think you need right at any given given moment where you are right it but space and ocean, nope, like that. Illusions gone like, you know, so I think, I think that's we don't we don't often think about how finite we are, even in the moment of just sitting on my couch, right? Because my air could easily be taken from me, just as well as here, something could malfunction within my body, you know, like, there's countless ways that we are not in control and and to trust that God is going to provide us everything that we need has to be a daily and a moment by moment thought. Sometimes, you know, because he is our ultimate provider and and we have to be willing to submit ourselves to Him,

Speaker 2  58:23
yeah, right? I love that because it connects to the orphan theme as well, right? Because it gives us the illusion that I can, you know, do it on my own right. Love of Money is valuable. It's like, yeah, I can, if I have enough provisions that I don't need anybody else.

Unknown Speaker  58:39
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  58:42
when? And that's a that's a story. Oh, sorry, go ahead. It's a story that's so deeply ingrained in the whole concept of the American dream, of rags to riches, of the self made man or self made woman like those are all orphan stories retold. Is speak because orphan stories. We want the orphan story to be true. We want to be able to be the orphan, to be independent, to pave our own way. It's fascinating to me how deeply that's embedded. Interesting, yeah,

Kevin David Kridner  59:15
it's in the DNA. It is, yeah. Well, like we were talking, you said we're finite beings, yeah, we're finite beings searching for peace in finite things. It's insane. Yeah, yeah, you know, money? I got plenty of money. You can lose it tomorrow. I'll be gone or in a relationship. You know? I find the security and safety in this finite being who's next to me, who the air could get taken out of the lungs just now. Right, right, yeah, like, the only piece we will ever find is in the infinite, right, in the eternal. Yeah, the only thing you can plant your feet on, that's a scary thing.

Matthias Miller  1:00:07
I mean, if you've ever been in any kind of an argument with somebody who's 10 times smarter than you and and you're like, you can't say anything. And like every answer that they have, they can give you answers that are perfectly true, and it completely goes flying over your head, and you're like, completely lost. Like, now we understand that God's loving, He's all wise and all knowing, but you're making yourself vulnerable to somebody who doesn't by very definition, it's not possible to throw yourself onto an infinite being and have the infinite being make sense to to you. If you're finite, like, this is implausible. So by very definition, you're throwing yourself on somebody who, from your own perspective, is really irrational. Like, interesting. Yeah, that's a scary place to be. It feels you you learn to understand through experience and through faith that he's loving and all good, but experientially, he can feel very arbitrary,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:16
right, right? Yeah,

Speaker 2  1:01:20
yeah. I'm not sure if it's better. David Benner, who describes it as or someone else, but they describe faith as, no, maybe it's Thomas Green. It's Thomas Green. He describes faith as as floating in the midst of the ocean. So it's, it's truly worst fear, right? So sorry, I apologize, yeah, but yeah. And if you you consider this thought of being in the midst of ocean, completely unprotected, right, and just turning on your back and just relaxing, right? Like, how, how wild of a thought is. I mean, it makes me nervous, and I, and I grew up in the ocean. I swim in the ocean, that line, I don't mind, but that that thought, and you write Matthias, I think there's a sense of which, giving yourself over to this mysterious, infinite, transcendent God is, is so terrifying. But then the Lord, in His grace, you know, even as Baby Christian, gives us the experience of floating, you know, he, he gives us these little, these little gifts of consoling us and saying, you know, you're okay, and you realize, oh, wait, it's actually happening. And, you know. And then you go through times, you go through a storm in your life, and you, you know, get a mouthful of salt water, and you like, Oh God, I don't know if I'm gonna keep floating, but, but his kindness is there. But you're right, there's this huge leap to kind of just flip over and be like, Okay, I'm just gonna float in the middle of the ocean,

Speaker 4  1:02:54
which is crazy, though, to bring it back to like, the main topic of the thing is like, us being more like him, and being invited into the process of being transformed right, and having our minds renewed and to become more like Christ, allows us, then the ability to know him deeper and to trust him better, right and and to to Then ultimately give ourselves more over to that that situation, and find more peace and say, I I'm going to keep floating, you know, because I trust you, and I'm starting to understand you a little bit better and understand how you operate with me, how you operate with humanity, how how you are really, truly good and loving and that you have my best interest at heart, you know, like, and the to kind of become a part of that beautific vision, like, allows us, then the opportunity to then entrust ourselves more fully to that situation, even though we're still floating in the ocean like It's and we're still in that like, we're still the finite, you know, trying to understand the infinite, and so it's still overwhelming, and yet that is part of the actual process of us being able to continue going and to continue to allow ourselves to be in that position of surrender,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:17
right. Right, right. Mm,

Kevin David Kridner  1:04:23
uh, there's these moments that come in. In my work with people, they'll come to this moment where they'll say, like, I don't want to live like this anymore. Yeah, and if you truly mean that, I think that that's where it happens, that's where the process starts to happen, right? I don't, I think, I think we even had a conversation like this a few years ago, Matthias, where you're like,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:56
is this the point where most people give up? I. Where most people stop

Kevin David Kridner  1:05:06
Yeah? For a second. I was like, Yeah, most people do. And I understand it. I get it 1,000%

Unknown Speaker  1:05:17
Yeah, but

Kevin David Kridner  1:05:19
there's this moment where, where Jesus has just given this, this teaching on, unless you eat my flesh and drink my blood, and everybody just like, takes off. Yeah, they're like, this guy's talking about cannibalism here. We're good Jews. We can't handle this. Go leave. Anthony goes up to his disciples. You're going to go too. And I can almost hear Peter, just like, gasp, just like, where are we going to go? I think it's that moment. It actually transforms us. Like, where are we going to go? We've seen too much, we've heard too much, we've we know you, yeah, we don't get this at all, right, but there's no going back, right? Yeah, it's true,

Speaker 4  1:06:05
especially because, like, I mean, having that two fold knowledge, both, like the Dominican style and the Franciscan style, which I think we talked about a little bit last time, but like, the Franciscan being that knowledge of knowing from a relationship, that almost mysterious, Mystic kind of thing, right, like, but when you start to pursue a relationship with God that goes beyond just the factual, you know, surface type. I can see with my eyes. I can testify to this logic, whatever. But I know you now and deeply, something has been changed within me that can tell that you are sincere and that you are honest and that you are ultimately unlike anything else, and I mean, simply by his nature, like we we can. It's weird that we can be so unable to imagine all of who he is and how it's put together and and to know, like your love, your truth, you are, you're all these things. How is that work? You know, is it? You know it just and like thinking from even like thinking from even, like the philosophy side and people having all these discussions about, well, I think this is how God's nature works, or whatever. And it's like it's crazy. All those conversations are amazing and fun, but mind boggling, right? But to say that ultimately, while my mind cannot fully wrap around all of that and how it could be, and I can only guess, I know you still and I know that all of those aspects of your nature and who you are are like just vastly desirable, and because you are each of those things and so holy, those things like that, there's nothing else like that. There's nothing else like you. And that is what I want, because I can trust you, even though I know everything else may fail and and so it's like that Franciscan knowledge and having that relationship with God, once you get to that point, like, Yeah, you can't help but you, you know, yeah, you might flounder For a while, and you might have rough patches and going through the wilderness a little bit, you know, like you might struggle, but ultimately, you know, like, that's, that's the sure footing. I know that even when I walk in the desert, he's the rock that I'm going to come to, and I'm not going to slip and slide anymore, like he's, he's what I'm aiming at, and that's where I need to be. And, yeah,

Kevin David Kridner  1:08:45
it makes me think, you know, we were talking about atonement. We talked, you know, about a development, you know, in light of athanases, of Karl Barth, you know, Baxter Kruger, people like this, who have really been talking about this union idea and this oneness and the Franciscan movement of like, what do you what do you see the trend as now within Western culture, as far as atonement goes, and what have You witnessed, or what do you see? Interesting, yeah, yeah,

Speaker 2  1:09:27
it's, it's hard because the the the Protestant movement, and then, even more specifically, the evangelical movement, is so fractured that it's so unique to, I mean, especially the evangelical movement is so unique to each different church and location, almost, and each different pastor and then preaches at that church. I still see penal substitution as the primary outworking. I think recently, I've noticed a shift in bringing in shame and talking about shame more, and that brings in a whole. Whole other piece of the Atonement that's really valuable, and that's, I think that's due to a lot of different reasons. I think a lot of the reasons is the influence of Asian culture that has come into American Christianity, that's been very powerful, and so them kind of bringing their, you know, their culture, which is more based upon on honor and shame, will then help kind of highlight that part of the gospel that we haven't been thinking about or focused on for a while. So I do, I do think shame is becoming an important topic that we're discussing. But by and large, I still see, at least for the American church, I still see a lot of just the emphasis on penal substitution. And I've often, oh, if you want to jump in, I Well,

Speaker 4  1:10:45
I think the thing that we also have to consider, too, is that we're probably more in vacuums now than we know, right? Because, like, we have, there's, there's so much, everything's has an algorithm, right? And so, like, all the stuff that we're watching and whatever like it's it's playing into the things that we also pursue ourselves. So I think there might be some of that, because there's also we can recognize, seeing through media and whatever, and just hearing friends on Facebook that were once, you know, very like minded to us, but then to now say like, oh, but we've got to move away from the shame stuff. We've got to move away from, you know, some of the guilt or whatever. So, like, it depends on how, what level you're talking about it, right? Because I think, yeah, I think there's probably, you know, obviously the churches that we see maybe thriving and stuff would look a little bit different than other churches where it seems like there's a general consensus of, we have to accept this, or we have to accept that, and like, you can't really say that. That's shameful, and let's move away. Let's talk about God in this light, you know? So I think we have to kind of clarify those,

Speaker 2  1:11:54
yeah, yeah. I guess you'd have that's a good distinction. Yeah, I would say, if the question is referring to, like, Orthodox Christianity, orthodoxy, in the broad term of just churches that are

Unknown Speaker  1:12:05
sticking to the apostle creed, yeah,

Speaker 2  1:12:07
sticking to the Apostles Creed, and trying to be humble here, but like that, I see are are actually following the true way of Jesus in the Gospel, right? I'm, I'm not perfect in that. But like, there are churches that are going away and they're, they're pushing back against penal substitution for, you know, you know, it's, it's, you know, God killing his own son. It's this terrible view of love. It's this wrong, you know, punishment based, you know, there is a lot of pushback against that in kind of more, you know, progressive Christianity movements, more, more the liberal side of the church is really pushing back against penal substitution as a wrong way of viewing God as being harsh or wrathful or angry, which I would see as a misinterpretation of it. But, you know, I can see where they're drawing that from in application penal substitution was used that way. I think it was preached that way. And so they would be reacting to that, yeah? So, yeah, I think there is that movement, if you Yeah, that you can be you, we can see kind of referring. That's kind of maybe happening in the churches that kind of push back against the penal substitution, pretty hardcore.

Matthias Miller  1:13:16
So how would you, I'm curious with that question. So how would you tease apart so you're, you're a lot of what they oppose is a misapplication of that. So how do you tease apart the can you tease it apart even further?

Speaker 2  1:13:31
Yeah, there's actually some really solid critiques there. I think a lot of what they're bringing up, a lot of bad application of penal substitution in theology. That is, that is important for the church to recognize. I think a lot of the times, I think even as myself, I remember man. I was very young, maybe seven or eight. I remember praying a prayer to God, and I was asking for forgiveness for for committing one of my sins. And I remember clearly having this, this distinction of me twisting God's arm because Jesus died for me, like, like, like, God, you have to forgive me, because Jesus died for me. And I was almost playing off Jesus and the Father as as, as the Father very, being very angry and wanting to punish me. But, ah, yeah, bummer. I skipped I skipped away. He's a little disappointed, because he would really love to bring his wrath down hard on me, but Jesus stepped in and took it. You had to pull the Jesus card. Yeah, I pulled the Jesus card. Got out of jail. It was great. And I think that's really where the view breaks down, is when you start to kind of, it's really breaking apart the Trinity and seeing this kind of wrathful, kind of vengeance, as well as God's nature, God's nature. There's also this. They'll often try to back you into a corner by saying, oh, so God just like, Well, I gotta punish somebody, so I guess I'll just punish myself, kind of thing. And you're like, well, well, no, like, the way sin is defeated is through the bearing of the weight of of it, through the cross, and then. Rising again. And so penal substitution has a different piece on there too. So I think, I think I would, I would go, I would, I would go the guilt route. I think there is, there is

Speaker 2  1:15:16
reserve punishment. It's just kind of teasing out, as you put it the what happens on the cross, right? The kind of Jesus bearing our guilt, bearing our punishment, bearing our shame on the cross, and what that exactly does to the to to the process of the Atonement, I think that's that's where the issues are going to come. And it's the father pours out His wrath in a upon the sun, in a way in which I would see more of as a passive pouring out. Jesus bears the full weight without the protection of divinity. He he, as Philippians says, He laid aside His divinity to take up humanity. And when he's on the cross, He is not, he is not claiming his right as son of the Divine, Son, Son of God, in order to take, to move away the wrath, the punishment. And so he's bearing the full weight of the punishment, of the sin, kind

Unknown Speaker  1:16:16
of like what he did in the wilderness with the devil, right? Yeah. It could be with

Speaker 2  1:16:19
Yeah. With the wilderness with the devil. He could have, he could have turned the rocks right into bread. He could have had the angels catch him, but he chose the more pure route. And then you have the picture of and I think that the more significant piece is his quote from Psalm 22 so, My God, My God, why have you forsaken me? Use of these Old Testament quotes the Jews, they had it memorized, right? They would have, they would have known the whole Psalm. And so he was using as an allusion to the entire Psalm. And if you read Psalm 22 David is pretty clear. God hadn't abandoned him. He felt as if God abandoned him. And at the end of his expression of that, he comes to it. Oh god, you haven't abandoned me. The righteous will prevail. You will bring about you. You will see the goodness of Lord. And there are so many parallels between that and the crucifixion. So Jesus on the cross experience the absence of the Father, which is heart wrenching when you talk about light and darkness. This is, this is him experiencing pure darkness for the first time in his life, and how jarring that would be to have that connection, the experience of that connection, gone. But of course, the Trinity was not broken, right? God did not reject his son. Did not break him off of the Trinity, anything like that. It's the experience of it was he experienced all of our the wrath of God in a in and I would keep it that in that experiential level, in the experiential level part, right? So that's how I would tease out a little bit of that. But it is, it is hard because, because you have to deal with wrath, you have to deal with anger.

Kevin David Kridner  1:17:59
Yeah, yeah, the experience of the absence of God versus the reality of the absence of God,

Speaker 2  1:18:06
which we as Christians go through as well. I mean, the dark night of the soul is is, is very real for Christians. And through suffering, sometimes you don't feel it and to trust that God is still there. I mean, St John the Cross would say, that's the whole point, right? Is for us to come to a place of saying, even if I don't feel you do not receive the gift of your presence, your felt presence. I will, I will trust and believe that love is there. One last thing, Francois Fenelon, he puts it this way. He says, Love without feeling is like faith without sight. It's in its purest form. So he says, you know, like, of course, it's easy to love when you have all the feelings. Like, love is, love is and it's real love, but it's, but it's easy, you know? But when you don't have the feeling and you're choosing to still love, that's, that's a pure form of of knowing who God is and trusting God, who God is. There's

Matthias Miller  1:19:06
something fascinating in this. Oh, it seems like putting the idea of putting framing God as the outpouring of wrath is really not taking a realistic view of our responsibility like it is our self protection as people and our defiant I mean, it's, it's us pouring in many ways, and this is, this is not a theological statement, so you're gonna have to help me out. But in a lot of ways, it seems Jesus bore the the outpouring of our woundedness that we poured on him because we could not bear to have perfection walking among us in in pure, undefiled love. So we had to do something. And thus we ended up crucifying, right, crucifying Him. And I mean your explanation of of kind of withholding, makes of God, of him, not leaning. On that, and if God not stepping in to rescue him or and he choosing just to lean into the full, the fullness of that, just unleashing of brokenness, right? Like, is that? Is that?

Speaker 2  1:20:18
Yeah, I think, I think that's spot on, yeah, I think that's really real and raw. And I think one of the more powerful pieces of that is that Plato, especially among the Greek Orthodox Plato, is seen as a prophet. And in he did predict, or prophesy, if you want to talk about, you know, the Holy Spirit working among even non believers. He prophesied Jesus death on the cross. He said, You know, he wondered if a perfect man, if a perfectly righteous person, would exist, what would happen? And he's like, Well, we would kill him. We would kill him and hang him on a tree. He's like, Well, like we would not, we could not bear to have a perfectly righteous person exists among us. And I think that was part of that's part of the reason why the Greek Orthodox see some of those philosophers as being their version of the Old Testament, the Old Testament prophets, because they're like even Plato could recognize, yeah, humans. We could not bear to have a perfectly righteous, perfectly love, perfect love, just there in front of us. We would have to destroy it. And I think you're right. That's where the wrath, the evil, really comes from. Evil can't stand good. That's part of Satan's hate and Satan's anger.

Speaker 4  1:21:27
Well, it brings so much of our lacking up to our faces, too. Because I think this brings back, then the other part of where we see the church right now, and why those that can't seem to accept the penal substitution, or, you know, want to say it's it's distorted, it's ruined, like that's not really who God is, whatever for whatever reason it is that they want to kind of dismiss the power of that. It's either because we're in this position of wanting to be self righteous, we see ourselves as better than what we are, or we don't want anything to do with righteousness, right? And so for people in those camps, I think it's maybe a lack of the true Franciscan knowing of God, right, like there is maybe a very clear understanding of who he is, what he said in his word, whatever. But for whatever reason, then they have to justify who he truly is in order to feel comfortable with themselves and where they're currently at, right? Because, I think anybody on the road to being willing to actually make the process of transforming sanctification, you know, be becoming a part of like that Beatific Vision, right? And really making the steps to move towards Christ is ultimately going to be led on the journey of understanding why it's powerful, why, why it's so incredible that, yes, we do have these sins that are deserving of death, right? And then you have some that just want to take all the sins upon themselves, and don't want to give it all at all back to God, right? Like, so it's like, both ways can go wrong, but ultimately, like, if you're truly pursuing truth, you have to come to a right understanding of what that was and what it was like and what God was truly doing, right? Of like, yes, it is because of your sins that this had to happen, but I've taken it, and it's so accept my grace, right? And that's a hard thing to follow, for somebody who's felt like they've done so much to get their sins, you know, to be gone and right? And like they're so penitent, they're so, you know, like all these things and and yet, that's not enough, right? It still takes accepting God's grace, but then for somebody who doesn't understand that they've done anything wrong is also in a bad position, right? Because they they don't understand that they actually need that grace too, and that their sin is sin. And so it's, you know, they're all both in that, that position of, there's not a full knowing and understanding of who God is and what he's he's called them to. And so I think anyone willing to make that move then starts to have, I think, right understanding in many areas of theology and like, we're, we're still on our struggles. We're I'm still on my own struggles with other things. But like, this is definitely something that it's still hard to swallow. But thankfully, like, as you move closer towards God, it it becomes, yeah, okay, I can, I can swallow that pill now. And I do need Your Grace, God, and I do want your grace. And I, you know, I'm sorry that I I still do the things that I do not want to do. And, you know, like, in it's just, like, it's a slow kind of just pulling back the band aid of revealing, yeah, like, hey, you know, we've, we're getting to the spot where we're looking at, you know, who you are, and helping you understand. That I still love you, and what it who is the gentleman I always get this wrong that talks about the the different kinds of knowledge of knowing yourself and then knowing how God loves you, and

Unknown Speaker  1:25:11
you mean Calvin. Calvin does do, no, Calvin.

Speaker 4  1:25:16
There was, there was like, either three or four steps

Speaker 2  1:25:19
of four loves that maybe, yeah, oh yeah, that's funny. I was actually thinking about our whole conversation, yeah, yeah. It kind of fits now, but it also fit really well earlier, with the whole like floating and surrendering to mystery. And a part of is I still the fourth, the fourth step, I still don't quite grasp and understand. I'm still on the journey of understanding it, but it's Benedict's for loves. And so the first one is a state of sin. We love ourselves for our own sake. Yeah. So pure Self is this pure pride? The second step is, is really, it's fun. I kind of think it was like, the cute Christian, the one I'm like, Oh, you're so cute. Like, you're just like a little baby Christian. But it's like, loving God for your own sake. And this is where a lot of us start, right? I started this way, oh yeah, I want God because I don't want to go to hell. I want God because I want peace. I want joy. I want love. And it almost comes from a still selfish place. I love God for my own sake. And then the other step is, the third step is one of maturity, where you start to love God for his own sake. So you start to see him, oh no, God, you're worthy of worship no matter what you do. For me, and I think it's really interesting to watch a lot of the reformed movement, the kind of like the the kind of the newer reformed movement in the past decade or two, really kind of got on this, this trade, John Piper and stuff like saying things like God, even if you wouldn't have saved anybody, you're still worthy of worship and praise, like these really, kind of really interesting, cool, powerful ways to kind of begin to think of god you're so even just who you are, even if you did not act in any of the ways that we see you acting, you're still worthy of worship and praise, because you are God. And then there's a fourth step, right? Because you think that's where it would end, right, loving God for his own sake, but Benedict talked about loving yourself for God's sake and being union. And it's this really powerful image. And again, I'm still working through what all that would entail, but it's a really powerful image of me losing myself while also finding myself in God, me finding all of myself in God. So in that sense, not because sometimes I think we like to worship God because he's over there, and I don't have to talk about myself like I can just like, I'll praise God, and he's Great and Holy and wonderful, and I'll praise him for saving my sins. But I'm not, like, really bringing myself into this relationship, right, this kind of full knowing, but this is kind of really giving yourself over and seeing God in all of who you are allowing that Romans 828, to really take root where, like, all of my sin, all of my pain, all my brokenness, all of my trauma, all of it, God's bringing good from and in a sense, it's this powerful thing of Paul, right? Like it's no longer I who live, but Christ lives in me, so the life I now live in the so it's like he's not disappearing. He's still there, but it's not him anymore. It's Christ, yeah, but he, it's still, there's still an eye there that he's still, like, he hasn't lost his his identity as a person. And yet, it's all Christ. It's, it's just in me, within me, around me, beside me, before me, the kind of the St Patrick's poem. That's the mystery, yeah, and that's the mystery of, like, how does that actually happen?

Kevin David Kridner  1:28:45
Yeah, maybe, as you guys are talking, I'm thinking of, maybe the epidemic within the church is, is a epidemic of pharmakeia. Is in in Scripture, that term pharmakeia, the Greek term, is translated witchcraft or sorcery. And every reference Paul makes to pharmakia is essentially this. We're looking at God saying, My will be done. SCS Lewis said there's two type of people. Oh, sure, yeah, yeah, yeah. There's there's people that look at God and say, Your will be done, and then there's people that God looks at and says, Your will be done, right, right? Maybe the epidemic is an epidemic of sorcery and witchcraft, just not as we've pictured that or imagined that, yeah, in popular culture or even in Christian circles, right, right? But the epidemic of, you know, in those four loves, right? Like, it's a, it's a varying degrees of my will be done, yeah, until you get to that place where you're like, your will and my will are the same. We're in dwelt. Yeah? Me, yeah, and I'm still living my life. I'm not a puppet, right? But I also, and you're in me, yeah. How does that work?

Speaker 2  1:30:11
Yeah, yeah, that's, that's, yeah, that's powerful. Because I think you're, you're right. There's this kind of thought in society that secularism brought a removal of kind of witchcraft or paganism, but it did, because all, all witchcraft is, is me trying to control life. Same with, you know, same with, you know, worship of raw the sun god, right? If I, if I make these sacrifices, if I do X, Y and Z, I get this benefit. And secularism is all about that, right? And, in fact, it's almost even a greater perversion of it, right? I had a professor, this is funny because it was even pre covid. He joked about putting holy water next to elevators, because everyone started putting hand sanitizer next to elevators, right? It's like, it's like, this is the move of secularization, right? Instead of us going into church and putting holy water on to protect our body, physical body, from illness, we now rub on some germ acts, right, right? And you can see how, scientifically, we're like, yeah, maybe, maybe we should use germ X, like, it's healthy, it kills 99.9% of germs, right? Lean on germ acts. Believing that you are in control of your physical body and physical health, you're wrong, right? And there's the sense in which holy water is the more pure version, because you're fully recognizing God is the one who sustains my physical body and my physical health. And so I agree. I think there is this move in which, even in today's society, we're still, we're still treating even Christianity as a transactional thing. How can I manipulate God in order to get my own desires, or what I believe to be my own desires? I think we're wrong. Delight yourself in the Lord, and He will give you desires from your heart. He is our true desire. But we have these twisted desires, and we think we can somehow manipulate God into giving us those, those desires,

Speaker 1  1:32:06
because he owes us, because he owes us, yeah, maybe Yeah,

Speaker 2  1:32:14
right, we deserve, yeah, which is, again, the hardest part of that, that orphan mindset, right, is saying no, no, I don't like I have to give up even trying to earn it, yeah? And I think this is, this is where I think there is real value in looking at the monastic journey and trying to say, okay, how can we implement things in our lives that do break the illusion, the illusion of control, right? And I think there are certain ways that we can do that. I'm not saying we should use Holy Water, although that is a very visual, visceral reminder that God is, God is over my body, but there are many. I mean, you know, fasting is, is a great way to like communion. Yeah. Oh, and taking communion for sure in the appropriate spirit, yeah, if we understand communion as this, this, this feast of our spiritual lives, yeah, but like even fasting, solitude, silence, you know, service of others you mentioned. You know how God cares for the poor and the orphans is like, I think a part of the reason that's so central is for them. Obviously, that's the love and care. But also we're included in that benefit, in that when we love, as the Bible would say the least of these, what the society sees in the least of these, we are reminded of the love of God reaching out to us, who is counted among one of the least of these. So I think there are ways in which we pursue Christian discipline and discipleship that break the illusion and kind of allow us to fully enter into that kind of known relationship.

Kevin David Kridner  1:33:48
Curious question, given our egocentric culture, and you know how that plays out? What do you think is the most neglected spiritual exercise you're talking about? Fasting, communion, you know, those kinds of things. Prayer, you know, what would you say the most neglected spiritual practice would be interesting?

Speaker 2  1:34:15
Yeah, probably started in silence. Yeah, that's probably one of the biggest one.

Speaker 3  1:34:19
There's a lot of noise. It's a lot of noise, so much.

Speaker 2  1:34:23
And I think some of it depends on the culture or about who you're referring to, especially for evangelical Christians. I think, yeah, solitude and silence across the board. For anybody in the West, one thing I noticed for evangelical Christian is the neglect of the body, and that that can take the place in terms of neglecting fasting and sorts of things. But like the whole exercises of kneeling and standing and prostrating yourself and and again, I'm not saying we should all go go into, you know, crossing ourselves. But like the. Idea of like involving our body in worship in very intentional key ways is very anti modern, right? Modern is all about the mind, right? But there is this move now in psychology where we're recognizing all of the body is important, but, but yeah, kind of bringing the discipline of, how do I actually remind myself that my body plays a part in my sanctification, and can be a useful a useful way of me connecting with God. But for sure, as a general view of the West, yeah, definitely. Silence, solitude.

Kevin David Kridner  1:35:40
Do you consider forgiveness to be a spiritual exercise?

Unknown Speaker  1:35:47
Good question, yeah,

Speaker 2  1:35:52
like so it fits all the criteria. It's a choice. It's daily. It can be daily. It can be

Speaker 4  1:36:00
Yeah, because, I mean, I think that yeah because now we're getting into areas of, like, how do we categorize things, right? So, like, it's not a normal one that people think about, right, but it is, like, if we're talking about exercising things that are mandated through scripture, then yeah, there's a lot of things like, but forgiveness is definitely one of them. And reconciliation is something that we all seem to lack a real follow through with. Because I think we kind of we only take it so far because it's an uncomfortable thing. You have to admit that there were wrongs done, and then that person then has to ask for forgiveness for those wrongs, which you can't control, that you could only maybe start the conversation. But then you also have to be willing to then make the full reconciliation right of saying, like, I accept your offer of, you know, asking for forgiveness and I forgive you, but then to kind of figure out and navigate what that relationship now looks like is also uncomfortable and hard and difficult and so, and I think it's it's confusing for a lot of people too, especially because in the culture that we are currently in, we're seeing a lot of people say, Well, if they've done wrong to me, and especially if they've done it more than Once, you're cut off, we're we're not doing this anymore. And I need it for my, you know, for my own sanity, for, yeah, for my emotional health, for the safety of my kids and whatever. And so, like, there's a lot of, I think it's, it's complex, and it gets exhausting for people, and so therefore, to avoid it all, they just don't, and it's safe because it's actually it's an important exercise, and especially for those in the church, right? Because if I'm a believer, is going to another believer, then we really need to figure out what this looks like and how it works, because when something's happened like this is an image and a picture of what Christ has done for us, right? And, and this is the act, right? So it's like we have been reconciled to God. And if we are unwilling to go into that area and kind of navigate what that looks like, we're cutting ourselves off from a clear picture and depiction of what God has done for ourselves. So, and this is a hard thing, because, like, this is not something that I figured out, and this is something that I actually I have a circumstance where I need to figure out how reconciliation can be brought about. But it's super uncomfortable, especially because there was no clear and dry this was the wrong that was done. It's very it was emotionally manipulative, it was spiritual abuse. It was something else was in there, like it there was a lot of something's wrong. And so I saw wise counsel, the wise counsel that was completely removed from both of us in that scenario, all recommended the same exact thing. So I, I took that advice and took a step away and, you know, went to a different church or whatever, but now it's, it's coming back where, like there's, on their part, they want the relationship to be brought back and to be healed. But there's no, no clear, direct asking for forgiveness or recognition of the wrong that was done, even, and it's, it's a very weird situation, and so, and for me, like, I'm still on the outskirts, trying to think of, like, this brings a lot of trauma, even thinking about, excuse me, going and meeting with them. And like, all of my anxiety goes up, and I'm, you know, this has been, I think, 10 years removed, almost like. And so it's, it's a weird thing to try and like, but I need to navigate that at some point. And I can't just kind of let it go and let it fizzle right like this is. So it's been on my mind a lot lately and and it's definitely something that I know needs to be done. I can't just. Say, well, it's in the past. I don't have to see them, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:40:02
Yeah, it's okay. It's over, right? It's over,

Speaker 4  1:40:05
yeah, just, and we'll just leave it up to heaven, because in heaven, it'll all be okay then. And it's like, no, like, that's, that's not right either, but, but really, like, it's, it's a mess, and it's, it's complicated, and so I really need to kind of figure out, how is this going to look? How do I approach it, while also not allowing another scenario of that same kind of mistreatment to happen again? You know, like, I don't know it's, it's,

Kevin David Kridner  1:40:36
it's a tough one, yeah, yeah, it's a rock and a hard place. Because, I mean, we cannot deny that we are commanded to forgive, right? We are commanded to seek reconciliation, right? Commanded, not like, yeah, it'd be a good idea if you tried this, right, right? But then there's also very real pain and hurt that has been experienced, yeah, right? And so how do I walk that out? Yeah. And I think, to your point, at least in in my experience of it, why I asked the question, if it's just me or if you're seeing it as well, is, like forgiveness is, is a very neglected spiritual practice, yeah, yeah. And so like to bring light to that like, No, we are commanded to do this, right, right? You know, timelines. You know all of that is is adjustable to be wrestled with, right? But at the end of the day, we're commanded, and Paul says, you to the extent that it's possible, you know, forget, bring peace as the extent you can handle it, and so sometimes you can only do your part. Yes, yeah, I've been wrestling with it, so I'm glad to get your guys's input on it.

Matthias Miller  1:41:55
Yeah, I'd love to try to pull a few pieces together, because I think there's some really interesting threads that I see coalescing. Because if, if we look at the natural response to the perfect man being crucified and hung on the tree, then it stands to reason that even if we're completely unaware of it, as we draw closer to Christ, as we become partakers in his nature, Jesus like this is. This is so obvious in Jesus words that we will attract hatred and mistreatment and persecution. And it's, it's strange that we have told people, told, told believers, that you should become more Christ like but have not simultaneously given them the tools to navigate the inevitable persecution, hatred, mistreatment, the like. Why are we? Why are we telling people? Why are we trying to disciple people into becoming more like Christ, but not actively teaching them how to walk the journey of forgiveness. And like, like, when you look at it like that, it's, it's practically, I mean, it's, it's inevitable that the closer you walk to Christ, like this is something that's going away, and you're this isn't this is not something to overcome right in your journey with Christ. If anything, your journeying with Christ is going to just increase this

Unknown Speaker  1:43:33
interesting. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 4  1:43:36
Well, I think there's, there's a number of factors that we have allowed ourselves to use as excuses now too, because we are more of a global type society now than ever, and so our community is so large that we don't have to interact with that person if we choose not to, even if we live decently close to them. But not only that, we can easily move far away and feel like I'm no longer obligated to work that out because they're not in my immediate community, and so we can just assume things have been forgiven and move on. And it's like, that's that's not the Christian community, right? And that's not the body excuse, right? That's not the body, because ultimately, like, that person's still going to be in Heaven with Me, right? And, and what am I gonna say that I I didn't forgive them because it was an inconvenience, or because, you know, it just,

Speaker 3  1:44:35
yeah, it made me uncomfortable.

Unknown Speaker  1:44:40
And yeah, and all the things are legit

Speaker 3  1:44:42
and real, right, right? Of course, it makes me

Speaker 4  1:44:45
uncomfortable, yeah, and it's, it's not going to be easy. And I think that, like we have, I don't know why, but like, I have in my mindset that when I forgive somebody, it's just going to be a quick, easy thing. But like, I maybe it's because. Haven't had much experience with it either, like my I mean, I don't know if my mom's ever gonna watch this, but, but in full disclosure, like my mom has apologized to me one time in my entire life, I have a very vivid memory, and it was for a very insignificant thing, and yet, like, that's the relationship that I have the most hurts with there's, there was a lot of things I think that could have involved a lot of forgiveness, and yet, you know, she's a believer, and, yeah, and so, but I don't know what forgiveness looks like when it comes to those, those deep connections, that there's been a lot of hurt, and I have tried to forgive her On my part, but never has she asked me for forgiveness, never has she admitted that anything was wrong. And so that's a mess to begin with, but then when it goes into this other relationship of this person's not even that kind of relationship to me, and yet, I have to navigate what it looks like to say like I can't just walk up and say, Hey, can you forgive me for this? Like, it's a much deeper conversation than that, and it's a lot of like and, and ultimately, for that like, because they also have to be able to say, Hey, can you forgive me for that? Because there was hurt done. And, yeah, and so it but yeah, like, it's going to be involved, right? It's not going to be quick and easy, it's not going to be a just surface type thing. And I think that's a common misconception that we have in our minds, that forgiveness is simply asking for it, it's granted whatever. And yeah, it is, but it isn't, you know, it's, it might take a long conversation to work out what happened and why did you feel that way, and was that an legitimate thing? And, you know, and, and really, like, it's messy, and so it's not going to be an easy thing to do,

Kevin David Kridner  1:47:00
but it strikes me as you were talking we were talking about sanctification, becoming habits, that kind of thing, and creating new brain pathways, like two there's this scene in the movie the shack where the main character, his daughter, was kidnapped, killed. And I don't know if you've seen it or not, but the god character leads him back to recover his daughter's body. And he says, before we do that, I need you to do something. And he looks at him, and he goes, No, I'm not doing it. Cuz he knows what God's going to ask. And he says, You have to. And he goes through all the the theological reasons why we know, because how do I do that? He says, You just say it. You say, I forgive you. And you keep saying it and keep saying it and keep saying it until you do and maybe that's what forgiveness is like. Is that, that spiritual practice, that daily Right, right, forgive, I forgive, I forget.

Unknown Speaker  1:48:03
Yeah, yeah, right.

Kevin David Kridner  1:48:07
That is a, that is a picking up your cross, bearing your cross, like that. That is, that's, for me, that's probably the premier example of what it looks like to, you know, carry the cross,

Speaker 4  1:48:19
yeah, and, considering too, because I think the number one thing that brings me anxiety of like, once the reconciliation happens, and hopefully it happens, well, that means being willing to enter into relationship again with that individual that hurt you, right, and knowing the depth of that hurt that was caused, but then opening yourself up for a potentially similar or greater opportunity for more hurt from somebody that's already proven they can do quite some damage to that hurt, you know, like, I think that is the scary thing, and that is the thing That's really hard to kind of just, all right, let's do it, you know. Like, why not? You know, like, it's that, that that potential for that relationship, then being something made whole again, is scary.

Speaker 2  1:49:15
Yeah, I remember Eleanor stump she, she took the the kind of the older definition for love, to will the good of another. She just kind of added her own little piece to it to will the good of another in the with Union, with Union, she had like a union piece to it. But I remember she had that, that clarification of like Union doesn't always mean proximity, though, you know, like if, if there is a situation which someone is likely to hurt you again in a similar way, proper union with them may mean keeping distance so as not to celebrate, to give them the occasion to fall, but it's like so that you're not actually hurt again, but also that they're not hurting you again. Yeah. Um, so, so, yeah, I agree. I think there is, there is some kind of union that is going to be sought after that's in the context of reconciliation, right? But that union doesn't always mean proximity or closeness that allows them to hurt again.

Kevin David Kridner  1:50:14
That's right, yeah. It's a powerful thing. What you just said, because in my experience with forgiveness. What I had to come to is I had to accept my responsibility within it as well, even though, let's say it was 95 five percentage wise, and maybe my part was I didn't put a boundary in place, and I should have, and I didn't, and I had to come to grips with that before I could actually walk through forgiveness with them. It was almost there was a there was a we in that that I had to forgive me, I had to forgive them. I had to recognize and repent for my stuff, and at least for me, that made it easier to forgive them, yeah, because I was recognizing my responsibility within it, and then allowing them to take their responsibility, and then that made that process easier, but still painful, but easier at that point, and even if it was just boundaries, like I should have had a boundary here I did, right?

Matthias Miller  1:51:24
Yeah? And learning those taking responsibility, as much as we love putting the blame on other people, taking their responsibility is for what our part, however small, is what gives us the capacity to learn from the experience, yeah, so that if you don't, if you don't learn from if nobody, if neither party, learns from the experience, then you're caught in an infinite we have this term in software engineering called an infinite loop. Like, it's like, literally, the software keeps doing the same thing over and over and over and over and over again, and the only way to end it is to Control Alt Delete on the Windows computer, or whatever it is, like, and if, if you, I could repeat myself, but that's completely useless.

Unknown Speaker  1:52:15
That's great. Yeah, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:52:18
you could go on an infinite loop. Yeah, I could, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:52:21
Let me start over from the top until somebody interrupts me.

Speaker 2  1:52:27
It all bleed, yeah, yeah, exactly. That's a powerful point. Yeah. I think that's where we get often get into difficulties in relationship, is when we seek reconciliation, but no one changes anything. And if no changes, if you know, if you don't change anything, nothing changes. So it's just and it's all over again.

Kevin David Kridner  1:52:47
And, well, it strikes me, we live in a sorry culture, too. And you know, I've seen it throughout, throughout the years, and people I've worked with or in, just in friends or family like, you know, something happens. Oh, I'm sorry. Just a knee jerk reaction. And I thought about it for a long time, and one of my mentors said this, she she said that that's the quick, easy exit from a situation, from a painful situation. It's much harder to say. Will you forgive me for this, because then I'm owning the thing. Yeah, yeah, right, but if I could just say sorry, and that's supposed to cover everything up, like, okay, great, there's still a gushing wound here. Yeah, what are you sorry for?

Speaker 4  1:53:38
Yeah, it's almost like the I'm sorry I did this, but will you forgive me as recognizing the pain that I caused them, not just the action that you did? Right? And I think that's that's why it's deeper, that's why it's harder for reconciliation, because there's a whole lot of emotional pain, physical, whatever it is, like, there was a lot more involved to that than just the action that right, whatever tipped it over, you know? Like, yeah, and so that's why it's messy. That's why forgiveness is hard and like, I mean, it's humbling to, like, I have had to ask my three year old now, but when, even when she was two, and that, like, I I realized, like, I need to work on asking her forgiveness for stuff, because I want this to be something that we learned to do together. And so, man, like, there's

Unknown Speaker  1:54:33
she did to the point she's like,

Speaker 4  1:54:37
she's like, Oh, Mom, I know you're sorry for yelling at me like, I know you I forgive you for yelling at I didn't even ask yet, but thanks. Like, you know, like you know stuff like that, but it's it's good to know that we had that relationship where she can call me out on stuff that she knows, like that was hurtful, and it felt hurtful, and so. So we need to, you know, something needs to be done about it, right? Like, we take the next step. And so, like, that's, that's the beautiful thing of doing it with a child then, is because, like, her mind is so pure, and so it's really, it's revealed a lot of, like, healing for me in my heart, when I've had asked, like, I am so sorry I yelled at you for that. Like, that was not fair. Like mommy was upset about, you know this and but it wasn't right for me to be mean to you and you know, and to like, have her, like, I forgive you, mommy. I still love you and you know, like, you're just the best listener in the whole world, mom, like all these little things that, like, bubble out from her. And I'm just like, you're an amazing human being. That's like, doing so much healing to my soul that it's like, and it makes a clear picture. Think of, you know, when God says to have faith like a child, and it's like, this is this is good, this is how I need to be, and this is how I want to be. And so it's like, I need to be, in a lot of ways, like her, and when approaching this reconciliation of, like, expecting and hoping for the best in that scenario, right? And and just laying it out there, and it's, you know, like, I'm not going to go with the expectation that I'm going to be hurt again. I'm going to go with the expectation that there's going to be full reconciliation, and, you know, and we'll move, yeah? And so, like, because that is the goal, that's the desire, right? And so if I can maybe go with that hope and desire, and they can recognize that, like, I think that adds a lot into the reconciliation, too. And, yeah, yeah.

Kevin David Kridner  1:56:40
What a God. God like character type of experience, your daughter is looking at you going, I forgive you, mommy, before you've even

Speaker 5  1:56:50
just offers it up, and you're like, oh yes, yeah, okay. Like, it's a little painful to be called out so clearly, but yeah, I need it, but so beautiful at the same time, right? Yes, yes, oh man, yeah.

Speaker 4  1:57:05
It's yeah. It's amazing. How, how accurate a picture little kids are for so many things and, like, even if it's throwing tantrums or whatever, like, all these things where I'm like, Oh my gosh, like, that's me. Like, I feel I was just throwing this.

Speaker 5  1:57:22
But okay, yes, you know, Great, all right, mine's

Unknown Speaker  1:57:27
a little bit more sophisticated, but, you know,

Speaker 5  1:57:31
I don't know, is it? Yeah, yeah. It depends on how hungry, yeah, yeah, I wish. But yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:57:43
yeah, there's a, there's a.

Speaker 2  1:57:46
The thing John co used to say, which is, well, he actually presented a paper on it at the ETS, where the the just a conference. But it was this, this idea of Jesus praying all of the Psalms as any, you know, good Jewish person would, which included all the saw psalms of implication, all the psalms of like, God, destroy my enemies, kill them all. I mean, I can't remember. I always get confused. I don't know if it's 88 or 80, somewhere in the 80s. Where, where, you know, bash the the children's heads against the stones like this is pretty

Speaker 6  1:58:21
cool. It's 80, yeah, brutal stuff, right? Of Israel

Speaker 2  1:58:25
talking about their enemies. And John Cole made that made the point of saying Jesus on the cross saying Father forgive them, was born out of the praying and wrestling with God, of the anger towards his enemies. And there's a sense in which we take this frustration and anger to God, our bitterness to God express it in this place of safety and even and even a place of worship where we just God. This is this is me. This is the anger that I feel. This is the hurt that I feel. And then being able to meet God there and find a God who doesn't run away, as we talked about before, doesn't respond in anger, but responds with love. And then find healing in that to where we then can say, Father, forgive them. They don't know what they're Yeah.

Kevin David Kridner  1:59:15
It reminds me of the woman at the well, like when Jesus says, you know, no longer will you worship at a temple, but you'll worship Him in spirit and in truth. Yeah, that truth of my feelings of destroy them, yeah, because they've hurt me. Yeah, right, yeah.

Speaker 2  1:59:33
And there's almost a sense too, when we say it and express the god out loud, um, hopefully it's jarring enough. I like to think that's a little bit what's going on with David. And so I hear myself, yeah, right. Like he's, I can't run for you. Can't run from you. Then he's like, God, you know, just kill everybody that that is against you. And then that also means me. And then he's, well, searched me, oh God. And know my heart, right? Trying to know, like, I don't know, maybe he was a little bit taken back by all that kind of bubble. Love to the surface. And I think sometimes we really don't know how deep the pain is until we're watching and praying, as Jesus commands us to do. And we pray and we see what comes out, and we say, Oh, that's a deep one. God, I need your your love to heal that peace in me, rather than just

Unknown Speaker  2:00:16
trying to almost like digging out the iceberg, right? So, yeah,

Speaker 2  2:00:19
yeah. See the whole iceberg digging it out, yeah, yeah, yep.

Kevin David Kridner  2:00:24
Looks like James and John. You know, when the Samaritans are getting a hard time, should we rain fire down on them? Yeah,

Speaker 1  2:00:36
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, maybe they just needed a snack, yeah? Maybe Yeah, just hungry.

Kevin David Kridner  2:00:47
Yeah, they were in a desert. I mean, pretty sparse, you know, like it was not gonna get all hangry.

Unknown Speaker  2:00:54
It's gonna happen. Oh,

Speaker 3  2:00:58
I love it. I What a fabulous conversation. Thank you so much. Doing this again.

Unknown Speaker  2:01:13
This is good, yeah,

Speaker 2  2:01:14
talked about starting our own podcast for so long, but we it probably will not happen. So this

Unknown Speaker  2:01:19
is great. This is a great

Unknown Speaker  2:01:22
yeah, we're a great,

Unknown Speaker  2:01:26
yeah,

Speaker 4  2:01:27
yeah, oh, we look forward to these kinds of conversations, because I really think, like, this is where we get to the meat of our faith, that, you know, churches is good for hopefully getting some meat and, you know, but really, not many people take the time to get into these kinds of conversations, right? And and that's really what it takes us. Takes time and, yeah, yeah, yeah. Just said part time to talk, yeah. So thank you. Yeah.

Kevin David Kridner  2:01:56
I have this friend who talks about, what if church was more like a 12 step meeting? Oh, yeah, we just sit in a circle and, okay, hey, I'm recovering religious. The bridge is a Holic, you know.

Unknown Speaker  2:02:11
Okay, yeah. My

Speaker 2  2:02:14
name is Patrick. I'm addicted to pride and selfishness.

Speaker 1  2:02:19
Yeah, I need Jesus today, because I, you know, you know, total lie or like it's Yeah, it'd be pretty wrong. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 3  2:02:27
I yelled at my daughter and she she forgave me before I asked for forgiveness, and

Speaker 5  2:02:32
then we both threw a tantrum later in the day. Yeah, yeah. Could be hard. My had to

Matthias Miller  2:02:39
rename the podcast. I also have a friend, so there's a pub in the desert, but I also have a friend of mine who basically runs a church in the pub. So have a few, yeah?

Kevin David Kridner  2:02:51
That just fulfills the dream of having this CS Lewis tolkaine Ask experience, you know.

Unknown Speaker  2:02:58
So that is the the absolute dream, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  2:03:02
oh yeah, yeah. Anyways,

Matthias Miller  2:03:09
all right. Well, we'll, we'll, we'll, we'll, uh, wrap this up and we'll, we'll, uh say till next time. So for all of you guys listening, once again, you guys can subscribe and all the platforms, you all know how to do that. But I think we think that this conversation is better with more than just us, and so we would love to hear from you comments. We'd love to engage with you on any of the platforms, comments and any feedback, any input, any questions. Love to hear from you, and thanks once again for going with us on our wandering journey through our interesting conversations, and we appreciate you. And until next time,

Unknown Speaker  2:03:53
thank you. Next time. Yeah, good night.

Unknown Speaker  2:03:56
Thank you guys. Yeah, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai