Unknown Speaker  03:31
Matt morning,

Speaker 1  03:37
can you hear me? Yeah? Yep, okay, good. Yeah, I didn't I'm not sure how much we need to do here. I'm scrambling today. So yeah, what's your status?

Matthias Miller  04:02
I don't need anything from you at this point tomorrow, I should be able to get pretty close, yeah, pretty close to even being able to get the pricing stuff in, getting, yeah, with, with the with the stuff that we've got categorized

Unknown Speaker  04:20
so far. Yeah,

Speaker 1  04:32
yeah, there's not, there's nothing else right now, other than just keep plugging away on our end that I that I know of. Okay, so, all right, okay, all right, yeah, just the question is, I mean, I'm curious on are you? I'm curious on your 275 hourly rate going forward, like, is that? Are you? I. Is that, does it need to be that high? Or is that, yeah? Are you planning? Is that normal to just Yeah, or is there any relief at all? I don't know. I played it. I mean, if you work the full 40 hours a week all year, it'd be 572,000 is that it's a lot of, it's a lot for, well, it's just, it's a lot of money, right? It's sure, yeah,

Matthias Miller  05:33
so So, to be transparent, 20% of that goes into, straight back into the platform. Okay, so, so out of, out of that 500 that's 100 grand right off of there that'd be paying every year for platform usage, platform fees, if you were doing that, I can't work 40 hours. I can't work 40 hours. Go ahead.

Speaker 1  05:55
Sorry, Matt, well, yeah, but we So, yeah, so we don't, so we have, we have other fees too, right? Don't we pay a platform I guess we don't pay a platform fee. We pay

Matthias Miller  06:08
for some of the It's okay.

Speaker 1  06:11
No, go ahead. I'm just trying to make reevaluating, like, not just beginning of the year here, right? So we're paying for, what is our other fees for the

Matthias Miller  06:24
so there is a monthly maintenance, or, sorry, an annual maintenance, which I did, I did charge on the cutlets generator. I haven't done anything on any of the other stuff that we've been doing because we've been under active development. What I would propose to do is, is, I think we just need to, well, it's, it's one of two. I think we need to shift development models. I think that's the short answer, and that's how you get around the high hourly rate. Typically, typically, typically. My argument back to you is also, so if you're, if you're willing to make a certain timeframe commitment or do a monthly retainer, I'm open to looking at, I mean, I'm still fine working on hourly, but if you're willing to make some kind of kind of commitment for bulk hours, I'm looking, I'm certainly open to reducing that. Or if there's other ways that we can, like, I can't work 40 hours a week and still be responsible for drumming up business. So there has to be some kind of marketing and other activities coming outside of, outside of that. So that's not, I'm not taking home 400 grand a year.

Unknown Speaker  07:55
Yeah, sure.

Matthias Miller  07:57
So if you

Speaker 1  08:02
know, no, I'm just talking about, I'm just trying to get context to the

Matthias Miller  08:07
Yeah, so to the rate historically. I mean Historically, most of I mean this is historically. The way this has worked has been drive as much of the development to more junior people to control cost and and me retain ownership of the design and how things actually function. And it does help with cost control. I do use tools quite a bit to try to gain as much efficiency as possible. So, yeah, I'm also open, like I said, if we can get, yeah, I don't, I don't know what that's the context. It is what I charge other people. There are other clients I'm actually charging that end up where it's a bigger project and taking ownership, or not a bigger project, but it's, it's a taking in

Unknown Speaker  09:19
what, sorry.

Matthias Miller  09:21
Sorry that this is not, it is there's, there's only one client out of all the clients that I have that that are and they're on a more full time development I mean, it really is a development contract on an as needed basis. Yeah, that's a lower rate. It is the rate I have been charging. I'm open. Continue to be open. Okay, this is the second time the last two months it's come up. So let's, let's fix the problem. Like, what do we need to what do we need to do to fix it?

Speaker 1  09:59
Well, I. Yeah, I'm just asking about the number big. Yeah, I'm looking at, mean, if you Google expert programmer, I mean, lot of them are, you know, up to 8090, 100 bucks an hour, I guess. And obviously this number is way higher than that. And I'm not, I'm not questioning, man, your skill versus others, or this or that, or whatever. I'm just looking at. I mean, we're starting to pop a lot of hours, and I don't feel like we're near done yet. And I guess I'm, I mean, you know, hey, yeah, is the number, does an hourly rate number need to be that high? Is my, you know, one question. Another question is, with the bulk of the work that we, that we, that we're, that we need here, and that I, I love to have you do it is not, yeah, almost like I don't really want to. I mean, if there's stuff that other people that can be milled out, or something like that, I, I'm not going to be doing that. If, if you, if you're able to do that, I'm, I'm going to again, Matt, I don't even know what, yeah, I would rely on you anyway. So again, with the bulk of work that we have here, and yeah, I don't know. Is there, is there any room at all for for less? It just, it seems really high, I guess is all I'm saying. I yeah, I don't know. I know what my take home is on my salary, and I'm, you know? I mean, I'm not even, yeah, I don't want my hourly comes to probably 5060, or something like that, but,

Matthias Miller  11:45
yeah, well, let me, let me see what. Let me, let me, let me take up. Let me take a look at options and and get something for you.

Speaker 1  12:01
Okay, as far as Matt, you're talking about retainer or an ongoing development sort of project, is that, are you? I mean, that's what kind of what this is, right, or, or am I thinking of it wrong?

Matthias Miller  12:16
Well, there's, there's nothing ever formally been said. I know it's informally, like you mentioned, like, there's nothing that would, that would keep you from saying, all right, I'm done like, go so and I know that's not, I know that that's that's not your intention. But if there is some level of intention of saying, Look, I'm committing to, I want X number of a minimum of X number of hours, you know, for the next X number of months, with this much of a heads up before I turn it off, or something like that. That's, that's a value to me, and in a monetary fashion.

Speaker 1  13:02
Well, yeah, I get, yeah, my, my, sort of, you know, whatever response to that is, I was trying to hire you, man, hire you full time. So we have, I mean, I want to, I want to work the whole thing. I want to work through this whole thing and and be love to work on other projects with you in the future or whatever. But I'm, I've enjoyed it tremendously, and it's given me a lot of courage and confidence working with you. And I, I don't, I can't say it any straighter than that. That's just, that's from my heart. And so what we need here, I mean, we need this pricing module is super important. But then it's, there's so many other pieces here. I feel like, I feel like, right now, in my mind, I see if we continue at the pace, if progress continues to happen at the same pace, I feel like we're going to be working on this stuff all year. Yeah, I'm not. I don't know how how you feel, but, and we talked about, do we, yeah, do you want to run through it at all? I mean pricing, getting us, having the sewing, everything working right? I need, I need more. I need my, my assembly and order scheduling people, assembly supervisor and order scheduling person to see the volume of each day's orders. And we have the numbers, but we're not It's not being displayed to them in a in a way that's like, oh, wow, okay, we're like, attaching a number. Over to each job as it comes through, and building some, and I'm guessing I'm gonna end up asking you to, I mean, I don't expect anybody here to grow wings and do it. So, you know, I guess I feel like, the more we do, okay, I am anticipating that silver loom will be the platform for everything in the next couple years. Meaning, okay, if, if I would make need a new if I would need a new controller or financial person, and we would say, let's tie in payroll and all the bookkeeping. Let's tie it all together. Like, what are we looking at then, as far as whatever timeline this and that,

Matthias Miller  15:56
I mean timeline. So first of all, you're gonna have to have somebody deeply bought in on year end on the accounting side to make that happen. And timeline for that is, I don't think it's likely less than eight. I don't know, is it maybe? And it also depends, are you looking to bring I'm going to assume you're not bringing historical finances across. I'm assuming you're going to keep the historical stuff in sage. Are you looking to, if you're looking to try to bring stuff across from Sage? That's yet another conversation. Yeah.

Speaker 1  16:33
I mean, we have, no, I don't think so. I mean, it's well been referring back to you, I don't that's probably necessary, right? Is that information be available?

Matthias Miller  16:47
I think it's available for sage, and it, I mean, it might mean you have to either hang on to Sage for a while or do a bunch of exports to get most of what you need

Speaker 1  16:57
for the foreseeable project. Would it make the most sense to try to build, build it, and then you, you start using it the beginning of a calendar year or quarter. Can Do

Matthias Miller  17:12
It speeds into some form of double dual system in q4 or something. And then to work out, to make sure that the glitches are worked out and then launch in.

Speaker 1  17:24
Well, if there's a new person, if there's a new person overseeing whatever stuff, financial stuff here, or even current person, that person, well, wouldn't make it easier if it was a new person, necessarily, because they still have to have an understanding of the old stuff. Well, I don't know. I don't know. I'm, I can't figure all that stuff out, but I mean, long term, I'm, I mean, I'm, I mean I'm hoping that we I mean, I'm, I'm in for long term. I yeah, I don't. I don't want to. I mean, I don't want to. I don't really want to go work with anybody else if I don't have to, I don't. I mean, no, it's no, it's been great, man. It's really been great. Just Just asking. There's just me asking, not, yeah. So as far as month, a monthly, monthly hours type of thing. I mean, I I don't, I mean, I don't know. Or, like, an annual, like, is there a yearly number that would make sense to like, I mean, I don't know what I don't know. I'm not sure what, exactly how to answer that. I

Matthias Miller  19:03
well, I mean, if you would want to,

Matthias Miller  19:14
well, I can't, because of commitments prior to this. I can't, I probably, I realistically can't give more than three days a week before July. But if you want to make an offer for, I mean, if you have a number that you're happy with for three days a week, and you want to do lump sum that's I'm open to that, and I'm also open to, I think, honestly, everybody probably be better served if we can. I. The other option is cutting my hours fairly drastically, and and leaning more on other developers, which gets the hourly rate down substantially, or the overall hourly rate, and makes the hourly rate more justifiable, because it's, it's pretty I would, I would argue that I know this is me talking, and I'm probably the last person you should trust on this, but development, by itself, is a Much lower level skill set than system design and, yeah, so, but if you want to, I'm open, open to exploring either of those, either of those paths, for sure.

Speaker 1  20:58
Yeah, well, I think before, like, is there a, is there a place at all for a different rate when it's not designed?

Matthias Miller  21:12
Yep, yeah, potentially, uh huh.

Speaker 1  21:18
I mean, I think, you know, I mean, I think that, I think that would go a long way, as far as three days a week.

Unknown Speaker  21:32
Man, I don't even know where. I mean, sorry, I don't, I don't know. I don't know if I don't want to. I don't know how to,

Speaker 1  21:44
yeah, I can't, of course, I'm trying to think of that on top of my head right away. Sure, yeah, I don't even know, but that, I mean, that's, that could potentially be very helpful. I mean, very good for the company, if it's, I mean, three days a week, or you, if that's not design or development, then would you then be committed for whatever is needed?

Matthias Miller  22:14
Yeah, we would just be whatever is needed. And I would still argue that even in that case, it's probably good to get additional development. If you have budget to pay somebody like code crafters for development, or me, you know me, through co characters, through me, or whatever that that continuing to squeeze that time, I'm sure that there's I'm sure we could fill that time with with plenty to do. And if development can be offloaded, that has the advantage of allowing us to to move that that direction. What? Sorry, if we can upload development, I think offloading development is a win in either in either case, if you're, if you're using me for I'm going to guess there's other things in the business that are just as a high value, or higher value to the business itself. Then, then literal development. Yeah.

Speaker 1  23:23
I mean, I don't know. I mean, maybe not if you, I mean, if you be our, if you be the, this is the right term, the IT person you know, for all of our, for all of it, sage in this, and sage sort of, and just that whole, if you'd be that, if you would over, man, I think that could work. Would you be interested in, in overseeing all of that and then helping with pieces of the financial operation side of it.

Matthias Miller  24:05
My long term interest is, is my, my historical what I'm known for has always been it and Tech. My long term interest is more on the financial side. So there's certainly, there's certainly an intersection. So am I opposed to helping out with the IT side? Nope, I'm not. But that's that is. That is where my interest that is where my interest lies, and that's the direction I'm pushing into

Speaker 1  24:30
something like our system, our operations here, it isn't like, we don't call I mean, I guess we'd still have customer computer, right? That's a we would still need that

Matthias Miller  24:45
the demands would be pretty low on the IT side, yeah, I think so.

Speaker 1  24:49
It's just, it's just like, goodness, like, hey, another, I mean, actually, before shoot, I forgot. I need to talk to you about have a guy that I hired started that I need to get him access and. He doesn't have an email address, but, yeah, stuff like that. You know, it's just making sure operations set up correctly. But even, man, I mean, man, I'm I want your help, like I I want to. I want your help. I want to pay you well. I don't, I don't, I don't want to. I want you to. I want us to be profitable, of course, and want it all to work. I think we're building something that's we don't. We've yet to see fully, see and, and, yeah, I mean, we were able to find the Define issue. Was very helpful. Should have been discovered. Otherwise, whatever we landed it, we looked at some other things, very helpful to see, but the OP, the ongoing development, there's in house, there's a lot of I get really excited about it, but it's, it's a lot of work and to be continuing to sort of evolve and develop. There's, I don't know, it creates, it creates some it create. There's, there's some sort of a tension around it, like most days, there's a little bit of tension that you kind of feel. You know what I mean? Does that make sense doing this new stuff? Oh, this isn't working. Or, Oh, I'm not sure about that, or, Oh, we have to adjust that. Or, or we have to, or we didn't finish that part of it yet. Or, you know, now we have to go in the cleanup stuff. That's obviously it. Yeah, that's shouldn't happen. Well, I guess maybe it does any mistakes happen. So it's a difficult it's a it's been a diff, it's been a challenging journey. But I'm like, I'm all in. I'm committed. Man, okay, it's, I think it's going to be really good, really good, flowing system before long. And I don't know I want to connect as many dots as I can with with this platform. It's what I like is, what is what I like to do? Mad, yeah, yep. So, yeah, three, if you, if we do, if we do, if you land on three days a week. I mean, again, I don't know what. I don't know I have no, I don't even know where to start. But would you? Would you trying to think there? I mean, do you want to come? Do you want to come up with an A number two? And we maybe talk about later, or something like that.

Matthias Miller  28:01
Or uh yes, so we so we can land on an average and both be unhappy.

Speaker 1  28:09
Maybe, maybe we'll be closer than we think. Or then you, you know, mean, maybe, yeah, well, maybe,

Matthias Miller  28:16
but, but maybe, what?

Speaker 1  28:20
When you based on everything so far you've seen and understand about it, what, what would, what would your ideal three days a week look like

Matthias Miller  28:33
in terms of roller comp?

Speaker 1  28:37
Well, roll, starting with roll, my question.

Matthias Miller  28:40
Roll, yeah, so, I mean, I think, I think I don't know exactly how to, how to define it specifically, but I think it does have to be some level of design on the silver loom side. And I just think, I mean, there's potentially, I just think there's a lot of lacking systems around accountability, and probably also a lot of some lack of training, some some lack of documentation. And probably the biggest thing I'd be looking for is like, how do we maintain what we have? So George is putting stuff in. One of the things I would want to know is, how do we make sure that? How do we make, I mean, not that we don't trust him, it's just, how do we, how can we build some cadence of accountability around that stuff being maintained, same with assembly tracking? How do we, what's, what's the accountability on that to make sure that needs to be that that's maintained. I mentioned earlier about the, you know, keeping an eye on on raw material as a percentage of revenue like that's one critical number to that should be reviewed on a monthly basis, setting up a. A cadence for looking over that includes keeping our finger on the pulse of that and, yeah, certainly it questions that can certainly be be handled. I mean, beyond that, I'm not sure exactly what else makes a ton of sense to dig, dig into. I mean, pricing itself could be an avenue.

Speaker 1  30:34
Yeah, yeah, that's right. That's absolutely um. Um, the other, just another couple things that I like to throw out there is that I need help with here right away. Is roles, roles and responsibilities. Um, clarity I want. I want full clarity around all of that. And so I'm, I've been, I don't. I was on Ramsey website and looking at other things and trying to come up with the right templates, the right Kra templates, SOPs templates. I want to, I want to do this stuff. But I just, I haven't. I haven't, I haven't found I don't know where to go. I don't know. I don't. I've never been recommended to anything that somebody said, This is great. This works. Use this. I'm a little bit stuck right now. I want Amanda to help with. I think she can help me with, you know, entering information, filling in information. But when it comes to like, do we need a Do we need a spreadsheet? Some spreadsheets? Do we need a platform or program? I don't even know. I know I could, I know you could help with it. Is that something that you're interested in? What would that look like? That's another that's another piece.

Matthias Miller  32:06
Yeah. I mean, conceptually, I'm very interested in, well, I say I have a, I have a huge bent towards systems, sometimes to a faulty degree. And so mad.

Speaker 1  32:21
I'm fine with it, man, I'm that's for me, for me. I don't like I'd rather you be over, over, seriously, this, this place, based on my experience here, dude, I mean, it

Matthias Miller  32:39
could use some over correction,

Speaker 1  32:42
but, but Matt, so what was I gonna say? What we gonna say? Sure, I can't. I lost my train of thought for a second. It'll come back. You. Well, no, you were saying. You said, you have a

Unknown Speaker  33:08
you have a bent for systems. What else were you saying there?

Matthias Miller  33:13
I don't know what else I was saying. I mean, my only point being that, you know, with what you're proposing, putting some of that stuff together, like sure seems sane to me.

Speaker 1  33:29
Hey, Dad, yeah, so I'm just, you're good. We're talking to Matt. What's going on? Huh?

Speaker 1  33:42
Dad? Walk, if dad walks in, the old Yeah, anyway, so He's, um,

Speaker 1  33:55
where was I going with that? Something to a grief. I anyways, I need, if we could, if I could, come up with my internal goal is, the first quarter of this year is to develop Kra for everybody in management, develop SOPs for the floor, build a training program for for the floor, not we are training, but document as much as possible, and have system, systemize it as much as possible. Yeah, yeah, that's what I like to do.

Unknown Speaker  34:56
So I.

Speaker 1  35:03
Yeah, what? Oh, I know. I don't Okay. Here's where I was going with it. As we're talking what if? Would it make sense if we set this up? Matt with part of your Okay, I'm going. I'm one every here's four in house employees, including myself. I'm trying to, I want to go. I'm heading towards, I'm trying to get everybody's pay needs to be market, market, fair, market value for our area. So the supervisor, if it's a controller, if it's, you know, whoever it is, admin assistant, customer, customer, phone care, 48k a year, 40 to 48k years, like, going right, I'm like, Whoa, I could, okay, so I could. That's interesting. Could hire somebody else with more energy, that would be amazing. Um, yep. Um, anyway, looking at that Matt and saying, Okay, everybody, everybody gets X amount based on the going with the market value of the area. I mean, you could go more whatever, right? So, so that then everybody gets fair pay. And then at the end of the year, do some, essentially profit sharing bonus. End of your bonus is based on profits. And so then everybody gets a piece of that percentage is whatever you make it doesn't have to. You don't make it public, just everybody gets a percentage based on their role, contribution, etc. What if? What if a part of, what if a part of yours could be based on profit too? I mean, is that? Can we hit? Can we talk about that? That makes I'm open to that. I'm open to that. What? Yeah, I mean, I don't, it'd be, they have to be different than, than my in house. Well, maybe not, maybe not. I don't know

Matthias Miller  37:42
Well, I mean, I think, yeah for myself, I

Matthias Miller  38:05
Yeah. I mean, if I don't know, like, if, if you want to make decisions based off of fair market value, then then ultimately, you need to set your price and figure out what you want, or what you what fair market value is. I can make, I can make arguments and pitches for, you know, other I don't know how to, I genuinely don't know, don't, don't know how to, how to nail this stuff down. I'm open to a profit sharing percentage. I do gains. Have stuff to gain by stabilizing, giving more my time, my time to you. You know, potentially. I mean, there's, there's a world in which potentially, well, it will come at a personal financial cost for me to give all of my time to you. And so I'm not quite sure if there's ever a world where that makes sense to do it. I mean, maybe there is. It's just numbers, but I do have projects with longer term upside that, that may, may that provide considerations for for, you know, full time, full time commitment, unless there's some kind of, unless there's something else that makes sense with that. Yeah, sure. The the biggest issue with profit sharing is just, if there are things that that, I mean this, this is the classic, the classic reason why, if, if there are legitimate changes that would yield to better profitability in the business that can't be done that, that won't be done for any particular reason, then. I mean, that's kind of the biggest hang up I see with profit sharing types of arrangements. And it has to be for myself. It has to be some place where there's something where I'm reasonably happy with the base that I'm getting, and profit sharing is something happy on top of that.

Matthias Miller  40:26
Yeah, this

Unknown Speaker  40:28
is mate, yeah, well,

Matthias Miller  40:33
you're basically asking me to, I think in some ways, okay, this is not your problem, and I'm not asking you to make your problem. I poured a lot into I'm just gonna kill.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai