Matthias Miller  00:45
Good Phoenix.

Unknown Speaker  00:52
Howdy. Howdy. Howdy. Dwayne, I have confessions to make.

Matthias Miller  01:00
I am not a priest, but I'll listen

Unknown Speaker  01:04
as long as you can absolve me of my sins.

Matthias Miller  01:08
What is this

Speaker 1  01:16
giant box in my video shot? How about that? Well, thankfully, recording some marketing podcast. So sometime yesterday, I suddenly realized that I promised Nick I was going to have all of the contract definitions so that we could work on entering contracts. And I suddenly panicked yesterday and realized I didn't do a single bit of it. So between somewhat some yesterday, some today, between sickness and dealer days and just 1000 things going on, I got some of them in,

Matthias Miller  01:57
but not all of them, but not all of them.

Speaker 1  02:01
So I'm, I have, I have father forgive me for sin.

Matthias Miller  02:06
That's hilarious, man,

Speaker 1  02:11
I don't know. I think I went on, I think I went on Christmas vacation, and I must have went into full Christmas vacation mode and forgot about work that needs to be done. Yep. So what does that mean that we are we're going to continue to stall. Do I need to keep working on this? Because we were hoping to get contracts in and payments applied to contracts is what we were hoping to get done.

Matthias Miller  02:39
Well, do we need contract definitions to keep moving forward?

Speaker 2  02:45
Probably, I think, so hopefully. I really don't remember where we were. Yeah, we were. We had decided that we do need contract definitions before we spend more time trying to get imports

Speaker 1  02:57
to work with them. So all of all of cricket Valley's are in more space has only one definition that I started working on. Let's see here, rental companies. Where's my rental companies? Come on, stop it.

Speaker 1  03:29
So that would leave me with integrity and overhauls yet to get in. Those are going to be somewhat more simplistic, but the cricket Valley was by far the easiest to do because they had the most but they were the easiest to do because they there's a lot of cross reference I can do with assist. When we get into some of these other ones, I have to dig through settings in RTO Pro, and it's a pain in the butt. So you guys tell me, I mean, if I hate that, this is unless we can, unless we can import something else, which I think we're kind of stuck without this. Am I right? Well,

Speaker 2  04:15
I think so. I mean, there's a couple of there's odds and ends that we could still do, but I think this is the big piece that we're needing to move forward with contracts and then payments from there. Where were we? What's happening with depreciation?

Speaker 1  04:39
Depreciation, I think we were deciding that we are going to model it according to how we calculate it, and then we were going to see if we match up with RBB values. Okay, so if you wanted to, if you wanted me to go back and work on, on finishing up the. Contract definitions, that would be something that could be done while I go back and finish this up.

Speaker 2  05:09
Or, I mean, I think probably contract definitions is, that is the first thing. I'm sorry, go ahead. Well, I think you're maybe diving in this schedule, but I got quite a bit of

Matthias Miller  05:26
it. My day is pretty open, so if you want to,

Matthias Miller  05:38
yeah, I mean, I would like to do that. Let's get got our definitions in and get our heads together.

Speaker 1  05:43
Okay, so I'm gonna go, I'm gonna jump back off, and I'm gonna work on this, and I should have it done by the time we hit this afternoon's call.

Matthias Miller  05:56
Okay, that's good. Am I right that when a customer portal logs into the when a customer logs into the online portal, we'll take their email address that is on the contract record, and after they confirm it, we'll put it in as their portal login email address. Or is there some kind of pre work that an agent has to do to give them login access to the portal?

Unknown Speaker  06:18
I like your first option. Okay.

Speaker 1  06:24
One thing were you finished with that? That's it. Yeah, I threw some notes on January in in the spec on January. Of things I've run into as I've been doing contract definitions around late fees and damage waiver fees. So I'm just gonna, let's just cover this real quick, and we can decide.

Matthias Miller  06:49
Do you want? Nick hanging around for this?

Unknown Speaker  06:56
Wouldn't need to know.

Speaker 2  06:59
I'll drop and see us. Thank you. Nick Central, whatever. Yep, absolutely, yep.

Speaker 1  07:06
So one of the things I ran into that I did not remember is that, as I put in my notes, one of them we could just literally ignore and we could use because some some states say you can do 5% or a flat rate, whichever is the greater. Well, it's very easy to ignore that one and just say we'll just use the flat rate. But for Illinois, was it Illinois? No West Virginia says 5% or the flat rate, whichever is the lessor lesser. So we're going to have to support this idea of an either or concept

Matthias Miller  07:42
on the, sorry, this is on the late fee,

Speaker 1  07:44
late fees. So we have, and right now that there's, I guess what I didn't quite understand. I guess it's, well, okay, I guess it's based on what on whether you have the RTO company set up. There's Why do we have late fees as an RG, is this because we have, we potentially might have monthly and weekly, and I was drawing a blank as to why we did late fees as an RG, I'm assuming it's because we might have varying lengths.

Matthias Miller  08:25
I think it's for, yeah, varying repayment cycles.

Unknown Speaker  08:28
Okay, that makes sense,

Matthias Miller  08:34
but a percentage has a min fee and a max fee, so why wouldn't you just put in the 6% with a max fee of $5

Speaker 1  08:41
Wait, did we already do this? Am I an idiot? You're

Matthias Miller  08:44
not an idiot, just forgetful. You're not even old, just forgetful, just forgetful sometimes.

Speaker 1  08:49
Okay, so let me go back to West Virginia.

Matthias Miller  08:52
You were sick yesterday. That's what it was.

Speaker 1  08:54
I've been sick for several days. What am I looking for? I'm looking for late fee, right? Yes, okay, per payment percentage, minimum, oh, you've got to be kidding me, minimum payment percentage, though.

Matthias Miller  09:28
Per payment percentage, you put in a fee of 5% and the max fee of

Speaker 1  09:38
is it? What am I missing? Because if you put in per payment percentage. You just have fee, Min fee, Max fee.

Matthias Miller  09:44
Okay, what's the arrangement in West Virginia?

Speaker 1  09:49
It is 5% of the payment, or $10 whichever is lesser.

Matthias Miller  09:56
So you would put in five in the fee, and you would put $10 in the max.

Speaker 1  10:00
Fee Yeah, but where do you put the percentage? There's not a percentage

Matthias Miller  10:04
field. It's in the fee column.

Unknown Speaker  10:07
Oh, that would be the fee column.

Matthias Miller  10:10
Yeah, it's a little weird, but I think so we

Unknown Speaker  10:13
might want to try to update that.

Matthias Miller  10:16
So we should just show a fee percentage and a fee dollar,

Speaker 1  10:21
yeah, so minimum fee, Max fee would be, wait, say that again now, oh, the Mac, the max fee would be the, no, I'm not understanding.

Matthias Miller  10:41
So fee is a fee percentage. So Max fee is $10 you never charge more than $10 so that's how you get the lesser, you could charge 5% but never more than 10. That's the lesser of the two.

Unknown Speaker  10:56
And then min fee would be nothing, right?

Matthias Miller  11:00
I mean, we don't have a minimum. I mean,

Speaker 1  11:03
so, so Okay, so then the other ones that we did, the other ones that we did were, so we would, we would put in a percentage again, and we would put in 5% in a min fee of 10 that would give us the greater of the greater exactly. Okay, that's good to know. Okay, so we did handle this. Okay, Min fee is required.

Matthias Miller  11:27
Well, $0 I mean, I don't know

Unknown Speaker  11:34
you think so. I

Speaker 1  12:05
Yeah, well, it's fine for the contract definition for now we will have to, once we get into testing, we'll test that this actually works. Okay, I think I'm off then to go work finish up these late fee or contract definitions. If I get done, you want me to ping you?

Matthias Miller  12:21
Yeah, you can Okay.

Speaker 1  12:25
And then the Damage Waiver fee. One is we actually, apparently, Illinois allows us to charge a 10% of the payment. We're only doing if this is a, this is a, okay. Do we want to go back and support this? We can discuss this, but this would be where you could choose. This would be changing the fee structure to say percentage or fixed, I guess, for damage waiver fee. I don't know, something we just toss around. It's not nothing's on fire with this one, because we can go to a flat rate on the Damage Waiver fee for Illinois, but they do allow for a 10% charge, got it all right, I'm off.

Unknown Speaker  13:09
Awesome. Thank you. Thank you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai