Unknown Speaker  00:00
This is just a quick update on my conversation with Bradley. He is going to partner or he's actually going to pursue a partnership with the shed app. And he's looking at a 37% partnership,

Unknown Speaker  00:16
he is probably going to be focusing more on the field work side of things. One of the things that they're talking about is whether they want to go with EBS. One of the challenges with that is that it's high priced for a lot of people that are working with, but they also want to be able to get people to be able to sign on and

Unknown Speaker  00:35
actually

Unknown Speaker  00:37
be able to use the service, they can provide some initial value

Unknown Speaker  00:43
as far as some basic costing goes for now. But as businesses grow, they're almost certain that people are going to want more in depth costing and inventory management. So they're, they're wanting to build an entire ecosystem for the shit industry. One of the big challenges is this guy has been hiring from Bulgaria and had a project that ended up costing him three x what the guy bid and he's not very pleased with the quality. So that's definitely a pain point. I think it could be an opportunity for either some consulting or actual development work.

Unknown Speaker  01:17
And if anything happens with this, then

Unknown Speaker  01:22
Bradley still wants to be working with the shed app, anything I do would with him would be under the Shut up.

Unknown Speaker  01:30
But he's also going to put me into contact with the shed Uber guy,

Unknown Speaker  01:37
if that seems to be an interesting possibility. This is a bit of a side note. But we also had a fantastic conversation about visionaries and integrators. And he shared about the book rocket fuel and shared the test results with me on that.

Unknown Speaker  01:53
So that was that was interesting. That was helpful.

Unknown Speaker  01:56
We should follow up with him early next week to find out if he wants us to get in touch with the shed app owner and see what the outcome was the meetings


Transcribed by https://otter.ai