Unknown Speaker  00:02
Hey, and just had another idea of something that came up with on a call that I was on this afternoon. And maybe this is actually a better fit. And once again, I think I actually have something along these lines that are in a journal for me from from way back.

Unknown Speaker  00:17
But the idea is, what is

Unknown Speaker  00:20
well, actually, let me give you the backstory. First. The backstory is that I was talking to a guy, they're getting ready to start a software company, the guy is a visionary. He's not a software guy, and fantastic story of somebody who they basically paid

Unknown Speaker  00:35
paid three x with the guy bid for one of the projects. And

Unknown Speaker  00:42
it's kind of a nightmare story. It sounds like and so but what I'm seeing is that there's all of these people in business who want to get into soft, soft sell software as a service or build software products. And they don't know the last thing about software and they are just hurting themselves and kind of made me wonder if there if some of the consulting could actually be around software development. So imagine that you have a one of those, I don't know circle fields that you've I forget what they're called concentric circles or whatever, where you have software development experience, business and entrepreneurship, leadership experience, and marketing, sales and marketing experience. And you combine those into a single core circle where those collide, that ends up being kind of the magic hotspot and my role is doing nothing else except providing feedback and ideas. And perhaps,

Unknown Speaker  01:42
yeah, I'm not I'm not exactly sure. And I guess the next question is, I think one of the unique skills that I provide is being able to help people design these systems. But I mean, is that what i is that what ends up being my core skill

Unknown Speaker  01:56
and what what kind of advising do I do in the middle of that? Is that the what,

Unknown Speaker  02:01
how can I leverage that in

Unknown Speaker  02:04
a way that's really good fit for

Unknown Speaker  02:09
I guess kind of what I do like kind of my natural mo and all that anyway, so just had this idea wanted to run it past you see what to think. And that's it for now.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai