Unknown Speaker  00:54
Oh,

Matthias Miller  00:55
hey, there we go. Good morning, Mark.

Speaker 1  00:57
Good morning. Good morning. Great to see him.

Matthias Miller  01:01
Yeah. Likewise.

Unknown Speaker  01:06
The whereabouts is Mountain Time. Specifically.

Matthias Miller  01:09
I'm in Colorado. Okay. Yep. Yeah, it's 300 days of sunshine, every outdoor imaginable. We're in a small town of about 20,000 people. So we got the culture. We got, I don't know, much to complain about. I'll be honest.

Unknown Speaker  01:37
How long have you been there for?

Matthias Miller  01:38
About 14 years?

Speaker 1  01:41
Okay. Well, looks at this. They got it. Well, well done. Thanks.

Matthias Miller  01:46
And how about yourself?

Speaker 1  01:48
Oh, well, I'm in the moment. I'm in Scott chi, North Macedonia, which is in Europe, but it's not in the EU. But normally, I'm living just outside London just outside Well, between Heathrow and Gatwick really. I'm just out here for about 10 days. And the beauty is really that I can carry on doing my business, obviously, provided I've got, you know, Wi Fi and, and just to hook up. So we're all good. And it's lovely scotchy. It's like a poor man's Paris, really. But the sun is shining. Nice. People are good. That's awesome. So what are you? So the conversation is about how do we communicate the magic, what separates us from a normal product into something that only we can deliver? And I have noticed it on my last group really, that clearly, as we know, there's a shift from passive downloading of training material to being part of a community with engagement. And that's where the magic happens. Yes. So I was thinking, as you prompted me, apart from and this is how I am, my marketing is pivoting and doing less and less of what I would call my blah, blah. As great as it is more and more and more into clips and segments of them in the WhatsApp community or them on webinars and then saying what their magic sayings are. And that's where I've got to

Matthias Miller  03:48
Yes. So your court just fill me in a little bit I just didn't see into your post recently about when you tried to do the book club. I'm not sure if I've ever really known what what kind of training do you do?

Speaker 1  04:06
I train how to how to win in pressurized situations.

Matthias Miller  04:16
That's awesome. I love it.

Speaker 1  04:18
So there's obviously a great difference between winning when there's no pressure and winning when there's freaking loads of pressure. That's mine. That's my niche. So recently, so I mainly I'm in tennis. So I have one of my key programs. I have the winning Academy which is a monthly membership. And I have clutch which is a four week intensive. And then I have a high ticket offer over there. And that will carry on but I'm the Me personally, I'm about to kind of pivot a bit into and the phrase is kind of what what is the elite 1% No a train that the other 99% Don't. Which is all, which is all about, you know, cut situations and winning, but broadening it from tennis, to anything, including, you know, music and orchestras and corporate because I obviously want to position you know, pivot into corporates, which will give me you know, keynote speaking and training and you know, better things to do than in a b2c world.

Matthias Miller  05:43
Yeah. All right, well, I'm gonna start spilling a whole bunch of ideas and thoughts.

Speaker 1  05:52
I love my background, you're standing obviously not sitting. Yeah, I

Matthias Miller  05:56
can't, I can't hold still well, when I'm when I'm sitting down sometimes. You know, depending on the type of meeting, I'll sit but 90% of the time, I'm standing and pacing. And

Unknown Speaker  06:10
I love standing.

Matthias Miller  06:14
We got my background, graduated from high school and got a job working for software company building financial analytics software for for, you know, I think it's I think they say maybe 45 of the top 50 banks in the US to manage bond investments, fairly sizable project. I've been coding since I was about eight years old.

Speaker 1  06:38
Say you are a techie. Would you say you're a techie? Well, yeah,

Matthias Miller  06:42
I, I would. But the problem with Tech has been the problem there was that everybody's like, wow, like, yeah, you're so amazing. And then in the same breath, they're like, why can't you just be happy doing your job. And so burned out of that, and went on this long winding path, life coaching, and then took life coaching classes. And then I was like, oh, I need marketing, and fortunately, stumbled into Perry's world. And it just hung out in there and have been winding roads. Over the last two years, I took a a VP of Sales and Marketing for regional shed manufacturer on the East Coast. And then, after after drama that I wasn't willing to endure, I gave them the ultimatum, and they didn't want to address the issues. And so you know, fortunately, fortunately, there was another project was spinning up, that was increasing in speed at the time. And that kind of carried me through for a few months before I landed a replacement client. I had been working with them on their sales team. So for the first five months, we added about 230k in top line revenue. Wow. And about 50% growth over prior year. And yeah, and I've been involved in designing with this one client, we've we've built out what is probably one of the it's a small industry, but probably one of the only, if not the only end to end ERP, we're in the last stages of building out a lead generation 3d tool that ties all the way into the back end. And in ties all the way from, from lead gen to you know, literally the day after somebody completes, completes it, it gets signed off, and that night gets pushed into their accounting system automatically. So yeah.

Unknown Speaker  08:59
Sounds way above my paygrade for you do.

Matthias Miller  09:05
Yeah, I'm a board creative. So a lot of the last year and a half, I've not been satisfied with where I was, I sold off part of my business at the beginning of the year, so I don't like to be I'm not sure where my lane is for sure. But business consultant probably is the best best capture of what it is that I where I am and what I'm doing at the moment.

Speaker 1  09:32
He thought about magic and what differentiates you in the magic world from other people and how you communicate that.

Matthias Miller  09:42
So there's there have been a few things. So there's this this thing I've been thinking about that I've been trying to get out of my head and that's it's the concept of the unfurl.

Speaker 1  09:57
Oh, love that. Just Hello.

Matthias Miller  10:03
So, so you know, and basically what it is, is we've all been indoctrinated into this is how you need to build your business and yeah, so So here's, here's some, I'm just gonna go through some some things I've been thinking about extra thought about, I'm not sure where this is gonna go. If there's enough interest, it'd be a fun, fun little thing to do with a group of people, but walk them through a bit. So let's take market research. How does conventional marketing do market market research, we'll go find demographics and psychographics know your niche. Do all the research asking questions Livingstone survey, you know, all that good stuff. So that's, that's that what's the one funnel away? It's the forget that go have interesting conversations like with people like Mark, I've got a friend of mine who's who's the was the Coos slash salesman slash fill in the blank for fledging company construction company. And we would meet every two weeks, and he would tell talk about what's going on. And I got more marketing material from our I didn't have those conversations to build marketing material. It was just, hey, we're friends, we're gonna hang out, but I got more marketing material from that, from those conversations, and probably anything. So I think the unfunny way is make genuine connections with people figure out what's going on in their lives. At some point, then that becomes useful. Then marketing marketing is, is simply telling stories, reading pages from people's diary. And you've got that from not just from an intellectual level, but you actually have it from a from a relational level.

Speaker 1  11:43
I've just signed up for and I'm going through the training now of a non copywriter, copywriter called Bill Mueller. Who is phenomenal, because it's all about, we know it's all about story. But how do you do great story? Yes. And what he's talking about, and training is what you're talking about, but obviously, not a one to one on some form of scale. But building relationships, being authentic, telling great stories, a bill I Perry does, you know, I can't tell you how many lists I'm with Barry, because they often go every day I've got two or three. And by and large, I read every one. So that's what he trains. And in that I can see how the magic will come out. Email by email story by story.

Matthias Miller  12:41
Yes. And which kind of dovetails into another thing. One of the things he told me last year I was commiserating about my lack of an elevator pitch. And parry was like, bias. What if you gave yourself permission for 30 days? Not to give an elevator pitch. And when somebody asks you, what do you do you just tell them a story? Well, there's this time that and I think that's another unfunded funnel approach. Yeah, if you have if you have magic, okay, so how do you describe, you know, Perry has specific offers, but something like a memos event, or a, I don't know, the more magical it is, the more difficult it is to put it into an elevator pitch. I think you almost have to say, here's this little window. It's like this. And it's like this. Oh, and then there's this other time where this happened and this happened. And you create this oh, this like the stained glass window type of picture of what this experience actually is. I think another big part of magic for me has been unique ability. I know this gets talked about a lie and planet barrier. I think it does. But it's the I'm curious what's your just for the sake of conversation? What's your marketing DNA or your Colby? You know?

Speaker 1  14:15
Yeah, no, I forgotten actually. Which is silly of me. But I know that I am more extrovert I'm more live. I'm more flying by the seat of my pants. And I like and I've been told I'm very good at you know, speaking to people whether one to one or in groups on a live thing. And recently because I had a you know, a mega mega fucking stroke about nearly two and a half years ago now. Which has affected my voice and all sorts of shit I've been trying to do I'm trying, I'm in the process of improving my writing, and storytelling and getting the energy and blah, blah, blah. Over to that. And I have refrained the strokes call it a stroke of luck, which adds to my military, which adds to my tennis, which adds to the No, here's what the 1% No and training the 99% don't.

Matthias Miller  15:24
Yes. Yeah. So I think I mean, it's, it's just a simple fact that even in writing, I've given myself permission to be, I'm probably more tech, I'm probably more calculated than you are. But I still have this weird, creative bent, still still have a little bit of live in me. But the more that you can put yourself into situations that demand live, or the more that you can capture that live element in your writing. Yeah, it's, it's, it's the end, if you can take not just one of these dynamics, but if you can take multiple of these dynamics. So. So this goes back to story as well. But the there are also, I think, check the jumping back to story. There's also the signature victories that we've had, that if you're a planet parry value person, you're probably downplay them a little bit. So I was on a call, then a call with a, with a colleague and my mind, he's way more successful than I am, and all of this and he stops me. And he's like, he starts running me through the numbers of businesses in the US. And he stops me and he says, you know, you've consulted with, with businesses in the top 1% of the US, which I just taken for granted, because I was more focused on what's next and all this stuff. And I suspect you've got similar stories, where there's their dramatic results, correct certain tiers of people that you played with, that you've worked with. And being able to just authentically unbeli honestly talk about that. You're not trying to, you're not trying to bolster, you're not trying to fix any insecurity. You're not trying to persuade or win anybody. It's just a conversation from the heart. It's fact, like, here it is.

Speaker 1  17:31
Yes, so that kind of gets me back to when I'm doing now, which is, in fact, not me. But my, my da, is doing the ballsy work, of cutting out the clips in our live sessions and WhatsApp community conversations, to build up a package of kind of don't believe what I say. Just listen to these little buckets. They're just like, yeah,

Matthias Miller  17:58
exactly. Exactly. Exactly. But

Speaker 1  18:02
it takes a bit of work and is ballsy work, because it's just is. And you might be like me, I just want to get on with, you know, doing the dance.

Matthias Miller  18:13
Yes, yes. In dance, you must. I think, I think the other thing that has really another kind of conventional marketing thing has been the, you have to have a niche, you have to have a niche, you have to have a niche, you have to have a niche. And maybe you do.

Speaker 1  18:33
And I think you do, I think the micro niche. But

Matthias Miller  18:39
there's also this element in which for myself, I've I've built a what I would say respectable business, and I'm more comfortable than most of my peers at this stage. And I've got opportunities to keep growing. I'm not saying it's I'm rolling and you know, whatever. But the the all of this has come strictly from relationships as the foundation because that's what's worked for me. So and and in the context of those relationships, building goodwill, and, and, and because these relationships are with people who are naturally generous, there is a there is an interest in working together, when it makes sense, but not a pressure to make it happen. Yeah.

Speaker 1  19:29
Are these relationships live one to one? Or are these zoom internet relationships out of interest?

Matthias Miller  19:37
Primarily the live has definitely accelerated the relationship. But not all of them are.

Speaker 1  19:47
Because I think to become very good. Like what we're doing now in creating, you know, relationship and affinity and trust, having never met, never met the person whereas in the gossip You just had to meet them have dinner, shake their hand, look into their eyes. And I don't think we need to do that so much anymore. Oh,

Matthias Miller  20:08
I would agree. I would agree. And some of these folks I've been meeting with monthly for maybe a year, something like that. You which, which is another conventional marketing, you know, assault. So conventional marketing says you have to have a list and the bigger the list the better. No, you can do a lot with a really quality list of even a dozen, but 100 or 500 people. That's, that can be way more valuable than Atlas.

Speaker 1  20:41
Is there any opportunity for you, Matthias, in person to create your own mastermind, whether that's free or paid for?

Matthias Miller  20:50
I've been thinking about I mean, I've no, this is this is what I've been. It, since about January, January came out, I talked myself out of it. And one of my mentors brought it up again, a week ago. And it's been it's been on my mind, and I'm just not quite sure how I want to structure it or what it should look like.

Speaker 1  21:18
Because I think that's where your magic would come forth. When you are, you know, leading and conducting and choreographing a group. I'm about to start two email newsletters. One for me, which is called winner and one for a friend of mine that will be JV with who is the founder and I climb investor and CEO of an unassailable virtual reality product in tennis. So for him, I'm going to do a lifestyle and tennis in the metaverse newsletter, which I think would be cool. Yeah, most likely, I think it'd be cool. And from both of those things, will lead to opportunities, but particularly in you know, winner, which is personal development, as well as tennis. To put masterminds and corporates and keynotes, you know, it will come naturally from it, I think. And then listening to just one last thing, probably listening to Perry in the world of AI, to build up our own knowledge base, both in the meta and in personal development and winning, so that that becomes our moat, in the world of AI, instead of just contributing to everybody else's.

Unknown Speaker  23:01
So exactly.

Speaker 1  23:03
Tricky. Oh, well, isn't it just as soon as you think you know, it is?

Matthias Miller  23:08
Yes, it is. Yes, it

Speaker 1  23:10
is. is how you were there? And now you're over here?

Matthias Miller  23:17
Yeah. Yeah, exactly. And weird ships that you would never have been able to predict.

Speaker 1  23:25
So, your attack on so you wouldn't first of all disagree with my direction on how to insert magic into kind of normality? And for yourself?

Unknown Speaker  23:47
Have you defined what your magic is? What is your unique gift?

Matthias Miller  23:59
I've had so many different ways of trying to describe it. So it's, here's, here's one way that I can describe it. Many times when I'm in a business situation. I can walk into the situation and I explored the situation both cognitively because I've worked on large software development projects. Which this is a rabbit trail. This is this is not a good this is not a good pitch to somebody who's not whatever but you're asking

Speaker 1  24:38
time on budgets. How's it that you've brought in on time and on budget? That a lot of them we love that we had? That's extraordinary to start with, isn't it? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  24:50
it is. We have one project that when completely this. I ran a business with my brother building custom software. We had one project that went wildly upside down And, and but, but we had a very high success rate with our projects. But this is these are complex dynamic systems, which I think is exactly how the world of business works. And so I've had that ingrained in me. And so I'm taking systems thinking from from there. So when I walk into business, I'm taking systems thinking from there, I'm applying it here. But there's also an emotional empathy element, where I'm sniffing out what doesn't feel right. And I'll start digging in those types of situations. And then usually what happens is, I don't have words for what happens. But usually, the way that I describe it is, most of my, many of my aha was, for me, the the flashes of inspiration are, it's like, here's the engine, and I see the engine, and this is the engine that you need. But I have to go through the process of describing this part, this part, this part, and the other part. And when I finally communicate it to the person, they're like, Ah, I get it. So that's one example. The other example has just been, I've had numerous situations where people were just banging their head against the wall. And I mean, just a simple example, recently, a gentleman was was looking to, to buy or to buy or start a business, and knew exactly where he wanted to do, it had a potential partnership with somebody with clients who needed needed this line of business, had a $2,000 note $200,000 Note that he needed to sell in order to finance and was stuck on financing. And I just made the simple comment that his his potential clients are in deep enough pain, that they might actually be willing to fund his venture to help them out, which never occurred to him. And so he turned around and asked him about it. And I haven't I haven't heard back whether they're, whether they're going to do it or not. But these are, these are, these are the types of things where I don't. It's not, it's not necessarily on demand. But it's still pretty regular, where I'm having conversations with people, they're doing something hard. And like it's right here, like, you could just do this. Ah,

Speaker 1  27:43
there's a phrase for you. The phrase is, those that can see the invisible can do the impossible.

Matthias Miller  27:53
Hmm. That's awesome. Awesome.

Speaker 1  28:05
So that seems to be what you do, not only can you see the invisible, but you can break it down into his component parts. So there's a pathway to go from visible to invisible. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  28:24
Yes, this is also what I've done. The My primary role in the software space was the we were working with clients who were not technically minded. This is all business software, workflow, software, all this stuff. So we just have interviews. And I start asking them all kinds of questions about their business, what happens we track, like, just and they get to the end, and they're like we have, they don't have any more of a clue of what's happening than they did at the beginning. But as we're talking, I'm constructing the invisible and yeah, breaking it down into its component parts, creating a path from zero to something and I get it to enough of a structural level and describe it well enough. Like here's the here's the lay of the land that somebody else can then take that and and fully define what's actually required for the client

Unknown Speaker  29:37
what are you hearing about?

Matthias Miller  29:38
Just the I've never heard it described like that.

Speaker 1  29:42
Okay, there's something there also about intuition to cognitive logic. Yes, but the I can't remember who gave who was the quote you If you put it into quotes, you know somebody somebody great came up with it

Matthias Miller  30:13
gently Well, here it says, was it Albert Einstein?

Speaker 1  30:19
Oh, it could be. It's

Matthias Miller  30:23
attributed to a number of different people. Okay. Frank Gaines, Jeffrey fry, Albert Einstein, Albert

Speaker 1  30:34
Einstein is the one that I would remember saying those that can see the impossible invisible can do the impossible. Which could be a good hook for you. Yeah. noted in the in the world of software, yes. In the world of software business performance. Yes.

Matthias Miller  30:58
No, and this is there's there's a lot of places where the supplies this is also the bleeding neck. Yes.

Speaker 1  31:12
Yes. Because they can't see the invisible there's another phrase that says distance lens perspective to the view. Yes. And they're so close to it. Obviously, they can't see the wood for the trees. But you coming in fresh with perspective and distance? can see the bleeding obvious. And see the bleeding obvious to solve the bleeding neck? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  31:50
Then the intuition to cognitive logic, I think you've gotten feedback. As a software developer, people would tell me your code reads like poetry.

Speaker 1  31:58
Oh, lovely God

Matthias Miller  32:05
and I think I think you're right i My frustration with many, many spiritual business mentors, things like that is that they're not logical enough.

Speaker 1  32:21
But I also can't couldn't you be the same as Perry but in the software development world? Because everything we've just talked about Perry is that's probably why we're in Perry's

Speaker 1  32:41
you know, he's pretty spiritual, sees the big picture, sees the invisible breaks it down. There you go.

Matthias Miller  33:01
Okay, so then this is the here's the biggest

Matthias Miller  33:19
the biggest challenge I have with the software space is that I'm very poorly connected there.

Speaker 1  33:27
Okay, Couldn't you find somebody that is very well connected? So yeah, they still could problems. And they're probably been, you would think they'd been in high level sales. Or I don't know what they would have been. But there's certain certainly people out there that have made their career butterflying in the world of software development. And you just need to understand is it big companies? Is it startups are is it people wanting to be unicorns just to identify what it is and then find the right person that you can marry up with?

Matthias Miller  34:20
So and here has been my general here's been my general challenge with software.

Matthias Miller  34:35
Software has a disproportionately high number of people who think that they know everything. And a lot of overconfident, a lot of overconfident individuals.

Unknown Speaker  34:48
Yeah. Yeah. And

Matthias Miller  34:51
that's where I've been talking about the funnel, where my approach has actually been more of a shift where I'm not going after software development companies, but I'm going after people who share my values. Yeah. And, and is it as fast and as efficient? No, until you start getting up into the upper tiers of business, and you start becoming trusted. So you become trusted in those circles with people who you are perhaps, you know, somewhere in the seven figures, and and you start building friendships with people who are in eight, start building friendships with people in nine. And yes, it's a long term play. I mean, it's, it's a number of years, I don't know how long necessarily it's going to take. But at that point, once you get to, is somebody who has recently reminded me you don't really need that many billionaires who have things go quite well for you. Correct. And so that's, that's been more my philosophy, because I think I've got a much higher chance of success with somebody who shares my values. Yeah. And just is looking for my knowledge and insight. Okay.

Speaker 1  36:08
So if you were to have your own newsletter, which was booty key, was repelled and deselected as its prime main, and then whoever was left is your people. That will be cool. Yes.

Matthias Miller  36:24
Yes. Yes. And I've started having I don't know that this is the best way for me, but it works. It seems to work for me putting content out on Facebook, and with the plan of having with the plan. So that is my dance. I post on Facebook, when the inspiration strikes, I write. And then my assistant, the plan is my assistant is working on a plan to take that and redistribute on LinkedIn, redistribute on on an in an email newsletter, and we start building in collecting people. And I'll start seeing the list with people that I'm already connected with.

Speaker 1  37:16
Cool, cool. So right, I have to run very, very soon in sculpture. The tires look phenomenal speaking to you, man. Love the connection. And good luck in Colorado.

Matthias Miller  37:35
Yeah, well, thank you. Seeing you, and if there's any, as you're moving into this top 1% thing. I'm really intrigued with what you're doing. So yeah,

Speaker 1  37:45
well, that's obviously something if something occurs to you, because now I've been started your subconscious. If something occurs to you just let me know. Let's get on a call. Yeah. You will be driving a car or the shower. You go Oh, Buck. Oh, no, this. Yeah. So I particularly want to create something in the probably the software as a service world. Oppositely, incorporating AI to bolster what I do, and I have no, no fucking idea what it could be. So I'm looking at platforms now. Of which I'm looking at searching, which is basically a membership platform that can clone me and speak in multiple languages to get my courses out, you know, all at the same time. So that's okay. But I'm kind of thinking now, less could be okay, like, you're in platforms, you should be doing that. But I'm also thinking, Well, what is it that I can do that just adds to my moat? And perhaps, you know, AI of my content is my moat, who knows?

Matthias Miller  39:15
Year from where we can continue this conversation? Are you are you will you be attending the AI seminar next?

Speaker 1  39:23
No, I won't. I won't, obviously, you know, I'm following that. I'm following a few things in AI. Right now, I'm thinking the limit is my free things. Clone me. Let me speak multiple languages at the same time. And let me build my moat. That's what I'm thinking.

Matthias Miller  39:49
So from conversations I've had with Kerry Perry, he's working on his own period, but it's not at the point that he's he would be willing to open it up to the public roundtable members have tried to persuade him to open it up to roundtable. But it's not that good. So there are we can

Speaker 1  40:17
I don't want to do the hard yards myself, I don't do the hard yards, long time, capital intense. Don't do any of that for a fright. And so that's why I'd be happy to jump onto somebody else's membership platform that already does that. Because make it quick.

Matthias Miller  40:36
There's, there's all kinds of tools that will take a video and get the sound bites out. Yeah. And then you can redistribute and republish, and it's, it seems to me like repurposing some of those live moments, turning them into stories. You know, there's a lot in which you can just amplify what you're already working to do on on social media. Yeah,

Speaker 1  40:59
I think so. I'm doing a live to make lunch group tonight. And they're the, they're the headline is apprentice addict. Because once you get into pressure, a phrase I've coined called sporting heroine, with the chemical cocktails that go through your brain and body. And once you've tasted that and save and victory, like that's the only place I want to be as you're now an addict, but I'm. So that's the sort of language we use, or I use and it repels or attracts. Yes.

Matthias Miller  41:37
Yeah. Yes. Sense. Good.

Unknown Speaker  41:44
Time, man. Thank you so much for your time.

Matthias Miller  41:46
You're welcome. It's been a pleasure, Mark.

Speaker 1  41:50
Good luck if I can help you any way or brainstorm just, you know,

Matthias Miller  41:53
reach out. Okay. Sounds good. Like,

Speaker 1  41:57
I know you're gonna come up with something for me might be one week, one month, but there's something they go Oh, here you are. Here's a bone.

Matthias Miller  42:06
Sounds good. Yep, cheers.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai