Unknown Speaker  00:10
You see,

Unknown Speaker  00:17
hey, hey, that's that's on the laptop. So great.

Matthias Miller  00:25
Sorry, flipped out there for a minute.

Speaker 1  00:30
How we doing? Man, good. How are you Well, sir, yeah, good. Might have George might pop in here for a little bit. Uh, who runs the one for the one spreadsheet. Otherwise, it's just you and me, just back and forth, figure it out. Okay, cool. Sounds

Matthias Miller  00:48
good? You suggest you there's a, there's a green Share button on your screen, yeah? And I suggest I took a little bit of a glance at some of these. But my suggestion would be, you just share your screen and walk me through it. I'm

Unknown Speaker  01:06
going to hit that share button.

Matthias Miller  01:08
Yeah, you hit the share button and then pick you can either share the whole screen, or you can choose, choose one of the windows you want to share. Okay?

Unknown Speaker  01:22
So cut list generator, okay, so this is enable editing. I

Speaker 1  01:49
I see how this works. So do you want to do sort of a look into this? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  01:55
I think, I think it makes sense to do a fairly, relatively thorough walk through. Okay,

Speaker 1  02:01
so I'm gonna ask George. Has he been running this one? I'm not sure I asked him to join me here. Let me check.

Matthias Miller  02:10
Okay.

Speaker 1  02:20
Hey, are you available? Okay, I'm in the conference room. It's Matthias. Hi, so Matt, he should come over here. I'll Let's have him run through this one. But to start off, I guess on the homepage we have macros are disabled, so I guess I have to enable macros. I've always struggled with that a little bit. No, maybe not. I

Unknown Speaker  03:06
So, Matt, this is George spade,

Matthias Miller  03:13
Hey, George.

Unknown Speaker  03:15
Matt, nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Matt

Speaker 1  03:17
Matthias Miller, so would like to do a thorough walk through of the cut list generator to give them the a good, good insight here. So home page. I'm not sure why all items will come on there. Um, you learn how to do the single the macros, okay, I'm not sure why that's,

Matthias Miller  03:47
let me just see if I can find that really quickly.

Unknown Speaker  04:01
Then good customers, they got items.

Matthias Miller  04:05
Let's, let's try and walk through without and let's see, well, actually, no, I know from looking at it, we're going to want the macros, because I did it. Did take a bit of a look at it. We missed some stuff. Let me do this

Speaker 1  04:22
to disabled macros and their disabled macros header that pops up or enable macro. Oh, no, no, you have to go to

Matthias Miller  04:34
go under file. I think it's direct file, options,

Speaker 1  04:37
file, and then, yeah, okay, on all back, yeah, that's right file, okay,

Matthias Miller  04:45
um, down to Options down at the bottom,

Matthias Miller  04:54
and then Trust Center down at the bottom. And. And Trust Center settings. Let's see what they got here. Show the messages bar. Okay, that just

Unknown Speaker  05:13
Mac well said

Matthias Miller  05:19
trusted documents. Let me see how to make it a trusted document. Oh, go to trusted documents. On the left there, number three. Oh, that's there. Go to trusted locations, the one right above it. And let's add new location and add wherever you open this guy up from, hit browse. And I don't know where you open it up from.

Speaker 1  06:00
So this was sent to me, but an email from George.

Matthias Miller  06:10
I mean, you could put it, I want you to trust your downloads, though. Can we open it up on the network, off the network location, instead of from your email?

Speaker 1  06:25
Not I don't think so, because right now, my company drive is not

Matthias Miller  06:37
here. Let's do this. Close this out. Let's close out the Excel file. Let's move it from downloads into documents, and let's see if it likes you better.

Unknown Speaker  06:58
So okay,

Matthias Miller  06:59
completely close out this one and then move your move the Excel file out of downloads and move it into your documents and try opening it from your documents folder. I'm

Unknown Speaker  07:35
find it here. I'm not finding it in downloads.

Matthias Miller  07:49
So are you using Outlook or using web mail? Okay, so if you go, if you open up the email, you could right, click on it, on the attachment, hit Save As Okay, and then drop it into your into your documents.

Speaker 1  08:09
You say, right click the file, yeah, okay, right. There it is, documents, colors, generator, save, okay, now it's in documents.

Matthias Miller  08:24
And now open up your documents and see if you can open it there and see if it's happy with your macros. And

Matthias Miller  08:39
then once, once you open it up again, you'll have To share your screen again because you've closed it up.

Unknown Speaker  09:00
Uh, macros have been disabled, so

Matthias Miller  09:09
enable content.

Speaker 1  09:14
There you go. Should be good, all right, I'm screening, um, let's start here. So everything has every every item, every item that we build or sell, has an ID number. So this column is Item ID. It's the identifier right for everything we do, customer, name, item, size, any notes. This page has the board total, board footage, which is calculated in another page, hand fasteners, machine fasteners. This is what it takes. To make it. And then the parts, which is three different sizes of material, to make this item, 10 to make the second item, and 12, etc, etc. Assembly method is, we have several different assembly methods, hand difficulty. This was set up to for our score calculator. So we have the ability to go in here, and I'm going to get out of that, but we have the ability to add a difficulty level to product to generate the score, which we were going to use for an incentive program. And then the price on the right is there comes in on that sage report. So that's the last known price for that item. Um, that's the Items page, customer page. There's our customers. Um, like go back to items. There is alphabetical, right now, right now. We have entered over 1000 looks like 1071 items. So then each item has item data page, or I can go there, or from there, I can click on the item itself, takes us to the item data page, which is the nuts and bolts of each item. So lumber this particular item uses 14, 916, in thickness, three and a half inches wide by 60 inch long. I'm going to call those the boards. And three inch and seven, three and a half by 60s, the ones the raw material info is what we that's the lumber that we take it out of. So when we do our cut list, you want to talk about that, George, this is the, this is the material that we take out the 60s and etc. Go ahead, the raw

Speaker 2  12:13
material is not like we don't have the same orders all the time. It'd be nice we'd have like, a quantity of 50 every time. Then you could put in the raw material info. You could put in how many of those three and a half or 610 foot poplar you actually need for the job. But right now, it's a lot of data entry that you have to physically. It's not like we have the quantities all the same. So you have to go in and physically put how many cans. We call them cans. It's three and a half, 610, how many you're going to use? Well, that's a 15, 1015, or 20% waste factor. You have to weigh that in. You can't just generate how many it's asking for. For the job with the knots and rot and stuff and the palette lumber we get is 10

Unknown Speaker  13:04
to 20% ways. So

Speaker 2  13:06
that's, that's the way you mean, you just can't put a magical number in there of what you you have to physically put it in there.

Speaker 1  13:18
So, so the item data page includes that. Then over here we have miscellaneous prep needs. Notch 12 inches from the end into three deep. Just a note. The reason these are highlighted is I can click on that and turn it say on or off. But the top item gets sent to. These are the cut lists. It's Brewer, Keystone, scalpy Hall, or sawing is our four cut lists. So we designed this where if, if this is turned on, this item needs to get processed on either the brewer or the Keystone or at this sh place, or installing and sawing consists of, we have a drop down, and it has a bunch of different machines, a bunch of different machines that do different things with the lumber. So based on the need of that item. I might say, you know, yes, it needs split, I might but then I need more. So now I'm going to come to sawing number two, and I'm going to say it also needs to go on a quick job, etc, so that this gets added to the particular cut list and gets sent to the yeah for each machine. Makes sense. Matthias, yep, does me? It makes sense. Okay, so sorry. Now,

Speaker 2  14:48
the only thing that is overlap, Matt is that once you have it in, saw one, saw two, and you're cutting it on the brewer, for instance. So. It'll generate to that saw list. But then it'll give you the CANS what the three and a half of 610, it'll add that to the saw list too, which we do really not, or we really do not, need that info in the saw in the saw one, saw two, because I feel that it's going to be it's just things that I've been looking at that's why I haven't transpired the song, and especially to the guys, because I've got a lot of questions, and there's a lot of overlaps with the the gang saws the brewer to Keystone, that it transpires it to the song, if you understand what I'm trying to

Speaker 1  15:40
So Matt, sort of like the brewer and the Keystone and this scalpy Hollow. It's a third party, but they all three of these will take a what we call cans. The reason they're called CANS is they're they're pieces of lumber that the sawmill cannot use for grade, furniture, veneer, railroad ties, some of their bread and butter stuff. So pallet lumber is, is like it's, it's not overhead for them, but it's whatever it's. It's a kind of a byproduct of what they're trying to do, right? So we can't, and a lot of these are in three and a half by six, in three and a half tall, six inches wide. Or they're three and a half tall, eight inches wide. Sometimes you get a three and a half by 10. Then there's the five and a half by six. Five and a half by eight. Some guys trying to sell us some five and a half by eights right now, um, so a lot of three and a half and five and a half dimensions to make pallets. But then we do specialty so we get in all other sizes. But back that up to say this Brewer, this Keystone and this scalpy Hollow, these are all designed to take this can, or maybe a scalpy Hollow will take a smaller logs and cut, cut the size lumber. So we're taking this, we're making the brewer, the Keystone and scalpy Hollow. Can take it and make it a 916, by three and a half by 60, or an inch and 716 by three and a half by 60, or whatever the dimensions, the the raw rectangular dimensions of of that what we actually need to make the product. So then you do that on these saws, and you take it out of these cans, three amp, base, whatever the process over on sawing like is oftentimes another step what we It doesn't involve cutting down cans. We've already broken it. We've already cut it down to the size we want it to be. Now we're going to split it. We might cut the corners off. We might run it through a bandsaw and break it, shave it down a couple more pieces. We might, um, slot it. There's a there's a bunch of different things that happen. We might be cutting 12 inch pieces out of it. So the gang saws can't cut 12 inch. They can only cut down about 2425 so in other words, it's another step in the process. So the information that gets sent to the three gang saw cut lists, right? Um, is a little different. So yeah. So it's another layer to to go to sawing and and, yeah, to sort of piggyback on what George said at this point, the spreadsheet is not the, how is that George? It's sending the can information as well going

Speaker 2  18:36
and it's gonna, it's gonna be make 50 million questions for the employees on the floor that that's why I haven't transpired and left it fly. I had issues with the Keystone and the brewer and scalpy that once I got initiated and got it like, sort of all the questions I had with Stephen, then I was already to go with it, but sawing in the other and the other things with sawing, we do a lot of half inch material. What it is, I take one inch stock, and then we split it into two half inch equal pieces. And the way you put it in a generator, there's not a like if Tina puts the sage order in for five pallets, and I'm doing 10 layers of random half inch. But if I do one inch, it's going to give me 20 layers rather than 10 layers. You understand what? So it's just another nuance of of how to generate that. Yeah, there's a

Speaker 1  19:39
couple more layers to the like, there's more pieces to making it all work digitally and not just have to be editing every everything. I mean, Steven bill he, he put a lot of stuff together for us, right? And it's, it's, we're utilizing it, but we're not utilizing it fully. Completely and completely. And since we're not able to use it completely at this point, we're still not where we need to be. It's not economically. We're just not at a healthy place with it yet. And and I know Stephen would come back and do more for us. He he's already said that, but there's a point here where there's a whole lot of data entry that might have to be added to add certain layers to this. And

Speaker 2  20:33
I think we're almost there. I think it's almost there. It's just a matter of getting that, splitting, that, that it doesn't generate the gang saws into the sawing list, if we can split that. Or somehow, I don't know what I mean. I'm not good with programs and stuff like that. So, yeah, but so

Speaker 1  20:57
should we go? Do you want to see more of this details here, Matt, or

Matthias Miller  21:01
yeah, that's, that's all I need. Yeah, let's, there's more than just lumber on here, though.

Speaker 1  21:05
Let's, we have lumber right? And then assembly method and fastener. So assembly method simply, very simple, but there's the item ID. There's a drop down here, so I could change that to one of these five. So that's assembly method, and it's the, sorry,

Matthias Miller  21:26
there may be multiple assembly methods for the item, right? Yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  21:30
good question. Typically not. But there's rare occasion where we will do hand station and a machine, but that's hardly ever. And for recording purposes, we were just going to keep that as one or the other for production tracking purposes, it's really, doesn't happen. It really, yeah, it's kind of a mute point. So then there's fasteners. And fasteners were added into all of this. The original program that Steve the original spreadsheet that Stephen built for me, was the cost calculator, and that was an attempt to look at the cost of each of the items that we build here to use as a tool to check our pricing. And that was back in 2122 when everything was going up and down. So so drastically at that point. So then we took we added fasteners, the amount of fasteners, and the and the type of fast or the the fastener itself. So we have this drop down with whole bunch of different fasteners that we use. So I can, I can add, you know, I can add a second row. I can add, there could be multiple different fasteners in the same item, and it captures the cost of each fastener. This information, well anyway, it's used on the score calculator as well, but that sums up the item information. Now look at orders. This is where this is a, this is what comes in off that sage Crystal Report, Matt, and so the item, the sales number, the sales order, okay, the seal number, the sales order. Number, order, date, due, date order, status, I can't speak to that. We put that in there for a reason. Are you using this? George, order stuff, okay, Item ID is there the description? See you see some of these other numbers. Matt, like the 233326, that may be a sort of a customer number, one of their i Another ID number from a customer. So some of this stuff has multiple numbers in it, but this is the sage, yep, item description and then customer name, quantity ordered. So quantity on that order. Here's the last known unit price, quantity sold last 12 months, we were this was added for inventory tracking purposes. So if an item like time sold last 12 months, we have stuff that will sell once or twice a year, three times a year. Well keeping, because of the waste factor, we're going to cut 10, 15% extra, maybe more, if it's runners that get notched and you need that strip. So at that point, we have leftovers, most of the time ball when we do 1000 sizes. So some of these leftovers are not worth sticking out in the yard and saving for six months from now. So we'll take it assault. We'll cut it back, use it for something else. So this was added for that reason,

Matthias Miller  25:04
makes sense. And then this item, the item ID, is the item ID also coming in from Sage, and that's the same item ID you're using everywhere else,

Speaker 1  25:11
yes, and yeah, we actually had a sort of tediously go back. We entered a lot of data here on the cut on this cut list generators where all the data was at was entered, um, we had item IDs. It's just part of cleaning up our prints and everything else around here. But um, or some other things, I should say, um, we matched. We had to come back through and match the item ID that we entered in this in the spreadsheet to match the sage item ID, because we couldn't go back through say, I guess we could, but that was more complicated. So we matched what we put here to the sage item ID,

Speaker 2  25:53
yep. Scroll down along the peach ones. You see the peach colored ones there. Matt, yep. What that is, Steven, put it in that if it's not a if it's a new print that it's not in the items data list, that it'll show me peach, if it's a wrong number, say it doesn't match sage. Number doesn't match the print number, which we've had that plenty that last that allows me to go back to items, to check, make sure. And once I change all that, then it'll the peach will go away, or it's a there's a third item. What was the third item? If it's shot not generated to the the new material orders material that still show peach too. So there's a couple different factors that it it recognizes, if there's an issue, it shows up peach in that color, yep, okay. And that particular item there that's a customer to drop those those pallets off to us to be heat treated. We do have a heat treating here, and it's not like our initial pallets that we build here. So that's why, I mean, I could do, put them on and do all that, but it's not necessary, right? No point. And then some of its freight, like freight costs, some of us, fuel costs, stuff like that. There's a fuel there's a fuel surcharge. So a scrap charge, I don't put that, I just leave on peach, okay,

Speaker 1  27:38
George, how do these? How do these come off of the orders or the what

Speaker 2  27:45
is what I do? I keep, like, a two week period, like, like, now we're almost the end, which is, What's tomorrow, the 16th. So I know Tina's not going to put anything in the sage for the week of the 13th to the 16th. So today or tomorrow, I'll change that date to the 19th. The 19th, yeah, the 19th to the 31st and that way, anything she generates for next week, yet that's not on the that's not on the order list through the 31st and that generates now what I do is go back to the 13th to the 16th in the due date, let due date side, and I delete them. Whole that whole 13th to the 16th, I think, has it set up that you use delete table rows, right? There's a couple things that you have to do, like, delete table rows rather than just delete in a cell, which messes it up. And then, if you go back to like, go back to items, MERV, like items, if you say fly one click on it, yeah, like that, open it up. Like here, if you want to add a row to say that there's two two cells there, you want to add a third cell, you could actually click on it. But the main thing is the way Stephen had it set up hit adro. Just hit adro once, and that'll open up the sage number that you don't have to mess with that. And then you just put what you need to do. And then if you need to just right, click on that note right here. Delete table. Work entirely. Row. Okay. That's the way he has.

Speaker 1  29:45
If you go out here, it's sort of, yeah. So that was an issue. Matt, on the very left side, right where some of these numbers were, we were losing data and people were somehow, somebody was coming over here and deleting. And it was from another, right? And so forth. Scrolled past it, yeah, so, all right, um, let's short

Speaker 2  30:15
one that I don't know what that came up. I don't know where that came from. All right, alright, and I didn't know

Matthias Miller  30:24
how to get rid of it doesn't look too useful.

Speaker 1  30:27
New orders, material list, well, if I go back to orders, what is, what do you use? Refresh

Speaker 2  30:37
for George, like Tina, whatever she puts in sage today for, say it hits between the 13th and the 24th it just doesn't show up on this report. You have to go to refresh, hit refresh, okay, update orders. Is

Speaker 1  30:54
it going to work? Hopefully not from my laptop. From my laptop's not connected to drive, shoot, escape.

Matthias Miller  31:02
I don't know. I shouldn't, yeah, yeah, you can get escape. Cancel. Just

Unknown Speaker  31:13
keep cancel. There we go. There

Speaker 2  31:15
you go. So hit don't, but refresh, update orders, and then you come over here, where it's underneath my update material list, and that'll generate anything that Tina put in sage today for your nets, and it'll go to your new once you hit update material list, it'll open the material list, and then it'll generate anything that she put in, yeah, onto the material. So

Speaker 1  31:40
this is where we pull the information from that sage Crystal Report, right? Yeah, that's it, right? So it's not real time, but it is if you do that, go through this process and steps, um, okay. And then, George, if you want to do a cut list, you got a new orders material list. So new orders material list. This is that's all good. This is just an Do you do anything on this page? George,

Unknown Speaker  32:16
that's where I work. Mostly all. This is where you work. Yep,

Unknown Speaker  32:19
this is where you edit everything. Nope,

Speaker 2  32:23
we're gonna click like, I need 897, pieces. So I gotta going up in front of the five, five and a half of 610, clicking like before the five. And that in what raw materials it takes, like it take, you'll get 30 pieces out of that 10 footer. So then you generate enough 897, is exactly what you need, push your 1015, 20% whatever it is, and generate that number, and then out in your scroll out to your next cell, or your next box, or this one here. Then if anything needs to be done with it, like an option or whatever. Yeah, it generates it in that box, which

Speaker 1  33:05
so this just the information in this page is taken from the item, item ID, some of it's taken from the item data page, and some of it's taken from the order page, right? Like total pieces is based on the order, due dates, based on the order, the quantity for one, the thickness, the width, the length, and the raw material. Info is all taken from the item Well, it's all taken from the item data page, right?

Matthias Miller  33:46
And then you'll just, this is for all the new orders that come in will get put in here. Yes,

Unknown Speaker  33:52
yeah, it comes off in the orders.

Matthias Miller  33:56
And do you ever change anything besides just putting in the right number of pieces? Or, do you change raw material stuff? Or,

Speaker 2  34:05
yeah, that gives me the capability. But what is how it's set up if it if I change something now, it's not like if I change something in items and there's already an order open on this orders page, it's not going to recognize it until the next the next order comes up, which is, stinks sometimes, but then I get a hand write it in system. But as long as it's peach, and I go back to items and update everything, and then come back and hit update and all that it'll generate it onto this new material waters list. So

Speaker 1  34:46
Matt, what some of the variables is like raw material info, uh, if we're cutting 240 if we're cutting 42 inch, well, I can get 440 twos out of a 14 foot. 100. 68 perfect calculation. But sometimes we'll use seven footers, so I can get 240 twos out of a seven. Well now I now we have to come in here and manually change this. And then there's other things like, you know, we'll do 40 sixes and 49 three quarter. Well, that's, uh, almost perfect eight foot, but sometimes we'll take that out of eight footer, sometimes we'll take that out of 12 footers, maybe a 16 footer, and it's there's just different variables where this to auto generate everything based on the same raw material. Every time is impossible to do so there, there's always going to be a chance that we need to edit the raw material info for that reason. But what I told Stephen was that, if possible, it'd be nice to have a default raw material info, and then if it's accurate, awesome, if we have to adjust it, then we'll adjust it. But let's minimize the times that we have to edit the infamous information.

Speaker 2  36:17
Right now, Matt that that can't right there is the sweet spot. I mean, that's exactly what I'd use if we have it. But there might be a chance, like Murph said it, you're going to do a combo cut, just because there's times that we don't have five and a half of 610, foot in the yard. So you do a combo with 1000 other different designs we have, yeah, and have those cuts, not somewhere. It's not prime to do it that way, but there's times that you have to do it. And I thought you could even have a drop down box, like some of the other ones that we have, that you can put those variables and variables in there.

Speaker 1  37:01
The other thing Matt then, is like, say, we get an order for it's calling for 43 inch. Well, the computer, we can set the computer to say, okay, get me some 86 is to cut 240 threes, or get me some 129 inch to cut 340 threes. But we don't have 86 and we don't have 129 in the yard, so we're going to take it to a combo. So we're going to probably do 240 threes, which is 86 and then like a 34 or a 32 off the back end, out of a 10th out of 120 inch, 10 footer. And so then we have to, you know, we're always looking at ways to based on our order list based on what we often use. So we do a lot of odd sizes. We'll do a lot of combination cuts. We're not just going to cut a 43 out of a 48 inch piece and throw away five inches. It just, it's not, it doesn't, you know, that's we've we've always done that. We've always try to utilize every, every, every, every inch of what we at least what we pay for. We pay for a lot of seven, 810, 1214, 16. So we always try to utilize everything. Sometimes we'll even try to get a, you know, 145 out of a 144 and then, if it doesn't make it, we'll cut 340 eights, kick them off and use them for something else, or whatever. So that's the kind of stuff. Yep. So. And then if George, once you have all this data accurate for each order, you can go up to you enter the raw material hair, whatever the quantity of of the cans that you need. And then all this information is right. Then you do what print cut list, print cut list. And does that go to this? No,

Unknown Speaker  38:52
I never used that out there.

Speaker 1  38:54
No, no, that's something that's I forget what

Speaker 2  38:58
cut list, but you can't print your cut list off of that exactly. It hasn't set up yet. Once you do that, you can open up your cells to whatever you have in your raw material info. You have a lot of info, it's going to open up the cell, which, right now, I have to physically open up the cells to make sure everything, all that valuable information, is opened up. And I learned my lesson, because sometimes I didn't have the cells open wide enough that that's something else. I think it should be set that it. But I go to print, cut list, do the cells? Make sure everything's open wide enough, and then what see if has set up. You hit Control P, which is control, print, and that's how you print off the pages that you need at the time. Because the way it's set up, if you just hit print cut list, it's going to generate 20, 3040, pages from everything from the saws to the gang saws to sh to raw materials to. Uh, it's sort of generate all and you don't need all them pages at one time. So,

Speaker 1  40:07
cut list. So here we go. So Matt, here is the cut list that we're talking about. So which one is this? George, so, oh, this is sawing, man. This is that saw one, saw two, saw three, that drop down. This is all those different calls. So if ever, if it's if it's cat, if that box is clicked or checked or dotted in that what is that item data page, then that automatically will get sent to this sewing schedule, um, Brewer schedule. This is the one. Here's this five and a half by 610s with there's no quantity on here now because, like, that was on the material new materials list.

Unknown Speaker  40:57
It's this one right here. I don't have it in your right

Matthias Miller  41:02
so the the first page there is just an index. Is just a list of of the the saws being used, and then off to the or does that?

Unknown Speaker  41:16
Sorry, Matt, is

Matthias Miller  41:17
that just the saws being used? Is there anything in the cut list themselves are off to the right. Is that what I'm understanding? Yeah.

Speaker 1  41:23
So, yeah, this is that sawing schedule in green. This is the the other the three gangs all this is the bird the blue. This is that Keystone. And then over here's that sa scalpy Hollow, which, uh, George, you're doing that manually, right? Yeah, right. Now we're doing this one manually, so the

Speaker 2  41:42
only tool we're doing through the generator is the red teaspoon and the brewer.

Speaker 1  41:47
So we're doing two of the four. But sawing is a lot of different things happening here. So ideally, everything would be generated digitally. Matt on the floor, on those forms, yeah.

Matthias Miller  42:02
I mean, there's not really anything magical happening. It's just pulling in which which items are on your material list, new orders material list, and grouping them together. And did they is the brewer box checked, etc. I mean, is that okay? Yep,

Speaker 1  42:19
that's a good, good analogy, yep, all right. Settings is path for file, backup, database, file location is we can add sewing. I can add things to the sewing. The saw list here. I can add fasteners here, um, assembly method can be added. This is for the score calculator that where. Anyway, that's another one. So, yeah, that's it in a nutshell. I go back. That's the cut list generator. Matt, that's um,

Matthias Miller  43:00
cool. All right, it's pretty simple,

Speaker 1  43:06
yeah. And so if we go to the item data page, again, everything, everything for each item can be added right here. So this item data, and this is this cut list generators, where the other three spreadsheets take their data from here. So

Speaker 2  43:26
go back to audience. Okay, goes the whole way to the top of the page. Please bottom the other way, and then underneath the thighs this picture slide out to the Okay. Like if you ever want to put a new print in to the system, Matt, you've hit a new item and that you're not going to be able to do anything on this initial page, because once the new item box opens up, you cannot do anything. But you add everything, like put your Sage number in the size quantities, what, and then each individual piece of lumber, whatever it is, how many, and then that generates

Unknown Speaker  44:12
and adds it to the list. Adds it to the items list.

Speaker 2  44:16
Right, if you ever want to go, slide over to the left. The humor if you want to ever go into item id say, Sage doesn't match my eight, and that's going to give me a peach color. What you need to do is go into say, go into ACI seven, MERV, say, ACI seven is AC, dash, seven, HT and sage. So what I need to do is go to the item ID, change that, put an HT on the end. Then I gotta physically go into all these characters down here and put ht, and then go back to item Smurf. Then I need to open up the off right here. Here to on, and then you gotta physically, you gotta do that first step first, and then you do this last, because it'll mess it up, right if you do here first, before you go into your actual items list, and then just make sure you turn it

Unknown Speaker  45:16
off. Yeah, yeah. I

Unknown Speaker  45:19
learned my lesson all that too.

Unknown Speaker  45:24
So, so, yeah,

Speaker 2  45:27
so that's like I said, we our prince sage. And Prince was a real big challenge because the prince wasn't showing capital letters, it wasn't showing spaces, it wasn't showing it was a nightmare there for a while, but once we got, I think we got it sort of under control, now that,

Speaker 1  45:49
yeah, working better. So Matt, I think do you get the gist of what we're trying to do with this page? And this is, this is the most important piece, or I should say the most useful it'll be. It's going to be used more than anything else, like it has the potential to save us the most time

Matthias Miller  46:11
this. So I'll just let you guys know. I think it's impressive what he's been able to pull off with the tool set that he's using. Sure, I I think that anybody working with this depth of a system in Excel is, I mean, you're just going to start running into snags and hassles, and it's just kind of going to become increasingly complicated to make it all work together. That's yeah, but, I mean, it all makes sense. There's a few nuances around it probably would help. If I'd show up and do a walk through of of your operation. I know definitely that would help. But, yeah, a lot of this stuff makes sense. Okay,

Speaker 2  46:55
now, Matt, when you say things that will start happening, what do you I mean, what could you give me an example of that?

Matthias Miller  47:06
Well, I mean, okay, so the fact that you have to how these things are linked together, like what you just described, you know, what happens? What happens with what's a good analogy. Good software is kind of like a good organization. So if you've ever been in a badly run organization, you get Joe Schmo the carpet or the custodian or the sweeping the shop floor, talking to Mr. CEO and griping about how stero over in the lunchroom keeps bringing sauerkraut for lunch and and then you've got the finance person who's talking to the person running the forklift about why they're spending so much for lumber. And you've got all these interconnected pieces that this is chaos, and the way you deal with that is, as the company grows, you have, I mean, in a startup, that's chaos, everybody's talking to everybody, because you got to do it. And then as it grows, okay, you guys are responsible for this part over here, and you have certain responsibilities. And here's the channels of communication and they're clearly defined. So you run in your space here, it's clearly defined. And and you stay over here, and we'll talk to this. I will talk to you. And then you guys over here, you guys are in, you know, sales guys over here, we don't want you talking to the to the guys in production all the time. You need to get to the sales manager, and he'll, he'll go chase that down, because y'all couldn't have our doing what you're doing. The same thing is kind of true with software when, when the challenge with software is when you've got assumptions. I don't know how else to break it down, but like assumptions, things like IDs, where this part over here has to be aware of how IDs work, and this thing over here needs to be aware of how IDs work, and this thing over here and and so now, when you're adding something, the more of that kind of stuff that you have, the more difficult it becomes to add, because there's more stuff you got to keep in your head of, oh, well, I mean, I don't know, the board fee is stored in column F, and we got to make sure we're always referencing column F for, I don't know. I mean, it's, I'll give you good examples. That's, that's probably the best analogy that I

Speaker 2  49:42
have that's good. Yeah, appreciate that.

Speaker 1  49:49
So, um, looking at this, do you want to see the other spreadsheets before we go farther with.

Matthias Miller  50:01
Yes, how much time do you have analyzing?

Speaker 1  50:03
I have. I have plenty. I mean, I have an hour and a half still, if we need to. Okay,

Matthias Miller  50:08
I think it would make sense to at least. I mean, it sounds like those aren't as in depth,

Speaker 1  50:15
definitely, not much less. So should we do that right now? Yeah, okay. So I'm gonna take you right to score calculator. And this is just a page of, am I gonna get into this? I'm just gonna say it's taking the item ID, Matt identifying the item. This is confirms the item.

Matthias Miller  50:37
You need to switch sharing. I'm still seeing the cut list generator, all right. Gotcha.

Unknown Speaker  50:46
Yeah, yeah, thanks. Cool. Thanks. Me. You Matt.

Matthias Miller  50:51
Hey, yeah, good meeting. Thanks,

Speaker 1  50:52
Matt. This, Matt, this guy right here. I'll tell you, remember when we sat at mugs about four or five years ago, or whatever it was, six years ago, George is one of the guys that remember you said, Hey, we could get your your lead guys there, bring them out to Colorado, we do a deep dive. And I was going to take him up to the gorge on the swing and crazy stuff I got. But George is one of those guys, and so he's been here, like, since he's out of high school. So 4041, years. Yeah, good dude. Wow. Good friend, Matt as well. That's awesome,

Matthias Miller  51:25
Yep, yeah, hey, thanks. Good meeting you, George.

Speaker 1  51:28
Thanks, sir. Um, you with me, Matt, I'm with you. Okay? Item ID, right? We know what that is. Board footage. This is taken off. All of this stuff is taken from

Matthias Miller  51:39
it. All this stuff is taken off. So,

Speaker 1  51:42
so sorry, go ahead.

Matthias Miller  51:46
And then all it is is the the score is these different variables times the the way the unit

Speaker 1  51:53
times the weight that we apply to each one. Yes, sir. And then we had a calculator here for hand difficulty, because there's certain things that we do out here that you can't gage based on the assembly method, right? So, so yeah, anyway, break it all down. Here's the score, here's the unit price. I never did finish this process because of time and all the other responsibilities that I have. It's kind of sad, but same time, it's okay now that

Matthias Miller  52:26
the hand difficulty still comes off the item, right? Sorry, the hand difficulty comes off the

Speaker 1  52:32
item, right? Each item, yeah, but we would assign the difficulty right here in this sheet. Potentially it wasn't, it wasn't set up to do it in anywhere else, um, and I wasn't quite sure how, if I was going to

Matthias Miller  52:47
have to right, what you need to have is on the assembly. You need to say, here's the difficulty for the item within this assembly,

Speaker 1  52:56
correct? So that could be, that could be done in assembly method which, um, like it's taking machine. Let me hang on here, if it's machine, if it's hand, it was not based on assembly method. I'll take that back. It was based on board footage, because that is the overall amount of lumber. That's a good indicator. It's also indicates of how much lumber it takes to make. It also indicates the weight that this thing might weigh. Parts is an indicator, because now I got three piles of stuff that have to pick off of where I only have two, or I have seven, or whatever difficulty there Gage, machine, fasteners, the quantity is an indicator that is built on a machine. As an indicator it's going to take less time on a machine that does by hand. Then you have hand fasteners. And that's but then, like, sometimes it's a lag ball or a carriage ball. Sometimes at the pre drill the hole, sometimes it's just shooting a hand handgun nail into that thing. So therefore hand difficulty, so it could be incorporated back around that assembly method entry area, something like that. And I think this could work pretty well. So, yeah, and so, oh, here you go. Here's the weight of each parameter. This was designed so that we could come back and and tweak it. And I started playing with it a little bit, and I was like, Yeah, this is a good it's a good spreadsheet to go farther and just have it carried it forward. Yeah, makes sense, right? So now let me get to this generator, see what I got here.

Unknown Speaker  54:53
Production tracker right here. Of the share this.

Matthias Miller  55:08
Right here. All right,

Speaker 1  55:14
got it production? Yep, okay, so this is where for tracking. So, okay, let me say this. Preface it by saying this the history for for this company, that everything has been tracked on a piece of paper and not super accurate with some of the the time entries and ao, you can imagine if it's written down, especially versus Spanish guys, some guys don't talking and it, we have it, but we don't and it's really I love to have more data from history right now to sort of develop this company for but we have what we have. So beginning of the year, we started entering the guy's production. And so Stephen built this spreadsheet.

Unknown Speaker  56:08
Finished date is here, the worker. We had it. We were setting it up where we could enter

Speaker 1  56:18
each guy would get credit for for his work. So worker one, worker two, if there was, say, there was a big job and two, two man crews were working on it. So now you had worker one, worker two, worker three, worker four, or if one of the guys was sick one day and they finished the job the next day and somebody else jumped in, so it was all broken out, so that all this credit could be applied to each individual, right? Yep, tracking everything. So start time, end time, assembly methods. There customer item ID. That's a good that's the fun one. And then obviously the quantity. Oh, man, we have more. So we added downtime if they had a breakdown or something else going on, so that at the end of it, they would get so percentage of the total was based on two guys did it, or four guys did it, or whatever. So, yeah, oh, that's what this that's what this page is. Right? Settings here. The settings was assembly method. We had every guy that he's, every guy that is, you working in assembly? His name had to be entered here. All this stuff was taken from the cut list generator here, score calculator. This was taken from a score calculator over here on the right, etc, etc. So,

Matthias Miller  58:01
so really, what you're trying to do, but hasn't actually happened, is link it all the way through from here's the here's the order, here's the cut list, I mean, and, and then here are the items from the cut list, and each of the and then tracking time on each of the items off that cut list. Is that, right?

Speaker 1  58:25
Yeah. I mean, we the tracking was, is would only be for the guys in assembly. That's this production tracker that was really should be called assembly tracker, because it's not. It's not giving any credit to the guys installing, right? Yeah. So if it's okay, I'm going to go on another little side. So years, years ago, the company had had a piece rate system. Some items, guys could make a good amount of money on others. It could make anything. There's so many new so many nuances to the different things that we do, even more today than it was back then. It's really hard to get a true value of each item right, but we do price it. So hey, we had somehow we come up with a price, so we could base it on the price, but that's not quite probably what we should be doing. So that's why we designed that score calculator page. And so now each guy can get proper credit for the value that he's generating every day. But the breakdown is, well, if you're going to compensate guys in assembly, how you'll compensate the guys installing so now I have to come up with a whole another system to do that

Matthias Miller  59:49
anyway. So here's an idea. And I don't know there is a shed company who came up with a came up with a. An incentive system that bypasses this, okay? And their team, their production team's really excited about it, and it takes a little bit to wrap your head around, but I think it solves most of your problems. I I consider it to be part of their intellectual property. I don't really feel comfortable telling you what they do, but I would be open to checking with them and seeing if they'd be willing to have a conversation with you about what they're doing with the understanding, I'm sure they want, the understanding that you're not going to go share what they're doing with shed companies, right? But it's, it's a combination of, I'll say this, it's a combination of individual and team

Speaker 1  1:00:42
effort. Okay, well, here's, here's, I'm going to give throw something Matt else out there, because we met with the gentleman here, close by, runs a he has a business, furniture building business, and good dude, he's so what he does is he takes he looks at his his his overall sales, and then he breaks it into three categories. He breaks it into cost, the like material cost, and then he separates the rest of it in the company cost and labor costs. So now he knows this is my percentage of labor cost is 8% of my sales, whatever that is, right? So now he says, okay, when my sales is a million dollars, my labor cost is 80,000 so every time, if you got, every time you guys generate a million dollars, and he does it on a weekly basis. So maybe he, let's just say he does a million dollars every week. So he says, this week, our orders add up to $1 million so I can pay you guys $80,000 everybody out on that floor to build all those items. I don't care if you get done Wednesday night or if you work every night and work till Saturday, I'm going to pay you $80 so he does that, and then he sweetens it a little bit, right? He's got to add a little bit on top. So, so he has all that. But how does he break it out then? So now he he says, you hit your marker. Okay, I pay the 80,000 now, if a sales goes down to 80,000 number changes. It's just based on that same percentage all the time. But the way that he divides it up, and he takes each guy has his base hourly wage, so he pays out everybody's base hourly wage times the hours that they worked. And then he bases whatever. Then he takes all that out of the 80,000 and whatever's left over, he divies it up based on each guy's effort and their labor rate. Yeah, so most of the guys are getting about 30 to 40% added on top of their base rate, which is between, what I believe is between like 16 and $20 an hour. So I think most of these guys are getting mid 20s, maybe 30 bucks an hour on that system. And it's they get to control that extra bit, you know? So I am very much leaning towards doing something like that, because now I can reward everybody. Yeah, does that? Does that kind of well,

Matthias Miller  1:03:21
and then, and then you have, that's ballpark, actually, yeah. The advantages is now, instead of Doggy Dog, here's New guy who's struggling. And come on, guys like, Hey, if you do it this way, you can get done faster. Get it done better. We all get, her Get, get our bonus. Well,

Speaker 1  1:03:42
I want to, I want to create much more team, teamwork, team camaraderie, and shoot self policing, accountability on the floor. And if you do, if I do it that way, I like, I like the results much more. Yeah. Now I'll back up and I say, Well, this score calculator. Is there any value in that? Yeah, I think there is. I think there's value there to maybe towards some of the pricing stuff that we might want to do in the future.

Matthias Miller  1:04:12
I would agree. I mean, if, if you have it could be really interesting to use that as a turn it from a score calculator to a pricing calculator.

Speaker 1  1:04:26
So the last one I didn't, we didn't look at yet, right? So let's go look at that.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:37
Oh, shoot, still there. All right, let me find what do we got here?

Unknown Speaker  1:04:55
Here we go. I.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:05
Shoot, you still there? Matt,

Matthias Miller  1:05:06
yep, still here. Yeah, you'll need to share it again so I can get it

Speaker 1  1:05:18
all right. Cost calculator, I you see that, man, this was the original piece that Stephen built, and this was back when I was still in Colorado and the COVID stuff was happening. And I'm like, Man, I gotta figure out, remember I called Joe's, like, Matt, I need somebody to help me with an Excel spreadsheet or something, right? And you're and that's when it started. So this worked. It was effective. Um, had an items, all items, uh, where are we at here? I don't even know if I can get, well, it's not anymore, okay, it's not gonna open anyway. He built this. I was entering data here. I was entering all, like the stuff we're entering in the cut list generator, all that item data was being entered here, and I was entering some sawing data times that the guys were spending to cut X amount of pieces. And this was it wasn't perfect, but it was an attempt, and like, it didn't factor in overhead. So then we put an overhead calculator in here and some of that stuff. So that's that was an early attempt. It helped us. It helped me back in 2022 working with Rick here, CFO, and we did some adjustments on some some customers, and especially a one, one big customer that we're kind of like their, their wood shop. We do, well, it's case. New Harlem and we were there basically their carpenter shop, but we build all kinds of crazy, weird, goofy stuff for these guys. Hang on. Let me get this out. So that worked. It was effective. So back to your, your for pricing this, this cost calculator was sort of a handy tool. Maybe there's still some value there in the future. I'm not sure. So back to you. I

Speaker 1  1:07:24
What, what I what I like, what I would like to accomplish is I liked for one guy to be able to generate all those sawing lists from one desk. Maybe he needs, well, he has two screens there as many screens as it takes. I guess you know where it's it's auto generate as much as possible based on the data that we can enter. And it's very manageable and it's efficient, and we have all the data, so I don't know, right? And so that's the generating those cut lists is the one thing tracking our production is happening that's working right now. Um, you saw June. That's because the the version on my laptop is, is from June, and he's, he's got almost everything in from, well, he has everything in from 2024 now. So that's a good start. We could go back in time and catch some stuff, but don't know if where we need to. Um, so that's working. And then the score calculator. If I'm going to go a different direction with incentive, I don't need the score calculator. But so I'm working with the CFO, and we're meeting with this other individual from this other company in about a two week and a half a second meeting. My CFO is a little hesitant about it. I'm I'd like it to be more of a GO, GO mode right now with it, I don't think it's complicated. I already explained it to you, right? You get it, you understand. So I guess I'm sitting here thinking, like, do I need somebody like Matt to come in here and put a little spreadsheet together and then, bam, we use that, but then he's using sage. So I think that we're gonna have to pull some things from these Excel spreadsheets to really make it flow right, right where then he takes it, but then how's he going to tie it into his payroll, right? So that's a little bit of the That's right. That's where, that's a that's a next big thing. So get the cut list all the work properly, but then also be able to also be able to have an incentive for. That's working and functioning properly with the right reports, the right data, the right information being shared from Excel to sage or sage to Excel or a different platform, if that's what it takes.

Matthias Miller  1:10:13
Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:10:17
there's obviously more things that could be done here, right? We didn't talk about, I mean, we didn't talk about inventory management, we didn't talk about sales, we didn't talk about assembly schedule, trucking schedule, some of that stuff. But we're okay in those areas, right? Those are the the next things that I feel probably should, should be added, should be incorporated, right? Yeah, maybe.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:59
Well,

Matthias Miller  1:11:02
I don't know if I have a perfect answer my back of the napkin, if I had to say I I'm personally okay. I guess different people have different tolerances of risk, and I know there are companies who love building out Excel spreadsheets,

Matthias Miller  1:11:38
I would have concerns just if you really do want to keep building it out, it's I, I think you're going to keep bumping your head up against, up against stuff without having having it actually be in a real database. It's designed to distort it and handle stuff like this.

Matthias Miller  1:12:06
I don't think, I don't think I personally want to get in the business of building an oversee, well, for sure, not building and overseeing development of Excel spreadsheets. So if you guys want to do that, I mean, you guys are welcome to, but I just don't think it's for me.

Speaker 1  1:12:34
So. So I mean, to that point, Matt, I don't want to for any particular reason, like I just want to. I want a good a good company, good data, good communication, good reports. That's what we want, and that's we have to go. That's where we need to get to.

Matthias Miller  1:13:01
Okay, so here's, here's what we can do. I had a conversation with Ellis last night. I think this system, this is on the smaller end of the types of systems that they've done, something like this, probably the biggest question mark is some of the cut lists. But even that, I mean, that's probably the biggest wild card in my my head. That's one of the piece I understand the least in all of this. But even with that, if you, if you went to them and you said, can you build us this system, I would expect that they charge you anywhere from 15 to 30 grand up front to do a full replacement and and I think with some of the tool sets that I've built out, I think, I think I can do it for half that. I think we can do it just swap it out, get stuff over for approximately half that. So it's I wouldn't I would this stuff always gets me in trouble because you don't really know what you're going to get yourself into. But I would think I

Matthias Miller  1:14:24
I would think for maybe expand five, five to 20k, we could, we could replace it out, completely replace it out. And much of this stuff really isn't I'm pretty optimistic, but I also kind of want to hedge my bets a little bit the way that I would I would propose doing the project would be, I. I would do the initial build out and and maybe have some of some of Ellis's team help with the migration. And once we've got the initial system replaced, you know, maybe having me be involved in new things that we're adding as we add them, but then once they're added, if there's tweaks, changes, adjustments, fixes, things like that. Have Ellis's team handle that, handle the support side of things, and I think that's where you're going to get the most, the highest level of support and communication, because I don't mount the bottleneck, annual fees for that are going to run, there's probably going to be something like, something like five grand a year on The on the base platform, there would be user fees, which I would get that how many? How many? How many people would actually end up being? It's only a handful of people actually using the system, right?

Speaker 1  1:16:12
Yeah, so could be five, is probably a good five, six, maybe seven. Like, it depends how well, I mean, yeah, I'm talking about overall, right? So the CFO does his same, installing guy, plus his assistant, the production guy, if he has an assistant, myself, looking in, maybe an admin person, helped one, yeah, that kind

Matthias Miller  1:16:42
of um. The so the only, let me pull up. Let me just pull this up. Make sure. I'll give you any false information here, the base so the base user fee is 150 a month for five users, the next 10 users after that are 15 users a month. And that's just fluid based on how many users and how long

Speaker 1  1:17:10
115 monthly for five users, and what'd you say was the next one,

Matthias Miller  1:17:14
the next for the next 10 users after that, it's 15 a month. It goes down after after. So six to 15 is 1516. To 25 is 1026. Or more is five.

Speaker 1  1:17:29
So 15 each for the next 10. Basically, yeah, okay, yep. And then the annuals, five. Sorry. Good is this for silver loom? This

Matthias Miller  1:17:46
is for silver loom, yeah, and that's, that's, that includes, I mean, there'd there be, there'd be a basic support plan, probably, if there's features that need to be designed out that's probably going to be, probably end up being, time and materials. But it's all the hosting. It's, it's monitored backups, it's redundant backups. It's, I don't know, it's all the stuff behind the scenes to make sure that the system is up and running in the high grade system. So,

Speaker 1  1:18:27
yeah, hosting and maintenance. Is that a category? Yeah, okay, yeah. And what's Do you have a Do you want to throw an estimate out there, an annual estimate?

Matthias Miller  1:18:41
I mean annually at those rates. I mean it just depends. If it's just on rinse and repeat, then you're looking at maybe seven grand a year, including your user. You mean

Speaker 1  1:18:57
total with the fees. Yeah, okay, so hosting a maintenance could be a couple K

Matthias Miller  1:19:05
ballpark, the Okay, the maintenance, maintenance. Okay, here, here's how we're pricing maintenance. We have to price maintenance. We can't, right? We have efficiency and how fast we can roll it out, but it doesn't make maintenance more efficient. So we're pricing maintenance is gets priced out based on what it would take to actually build out the system. So by building a 5k system, we still have maintenance as if it were a 30k system, because we we basically just sped up the build out. But we haven't. We haven't made the maintenance proportionately as efficient. I don't know if that makes sense, sure.

Speaker 1  1:19:49
Yeah, yep. So, yeah, so maintenance and hosting could be a couple K is that ballpark? So. Sorry,

Matthias Miller  1:20:00
it would, it would be about, no, that'd be 7k a year, for, like, maintenance, hosting, support, you know, basic support, that'd be 7k a year, okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:20:09
yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:20:13
And, and access to, I mean, it's, it's, it's, it's access to the silver limb platform. I mean, it's, that is, that is the whole kit and caboodle, apart from additional development. If, if you guys are wanting to do, do more to the system,

Speaker 1  1:20:29
well, definitely I Yeah. I mean, 100% I mean that's Yeah, yep. I mean, yep. My visionary piece is, like, is gosh, yeah, six years ago. Man, six years ago. And that was after years of wanting to go. So, yep.

Matthias Miller  1:20:51
And something I would encourage you to consider with that that's worked well for our most visionary clients, is we, we might want to take a look at at a just setting aside a monthly budget for design and development, where, if you've got, if you've got a laundry list of 100 things that you want to have done, just create a little, small funnel to push it all through, and it makes you choose what's most important to You and what's going to you and what's going to bring the best return? Yeah, and just, just crank at it slow and steady, at whatever pace you're comfortable with.

Speaker 1  1:21:28
So, so, so I heard you say, Matt, do you feel like you could take silver loom and make it some give us what, develop it, apply it to our business. How about on the software or cloud or the integration side? How? What do we what do we need on our side for that? What do you need here on site?

Matthias Miller  1:21:56
So nothing, web browsers on site. Everything's the biggest thing, your Crystal report, you would export into excel, and then we'd have a process by which you go, you go online, and you would upload the Excel file, and then would process it for you, but everything there wouldn't be, there's, there's really, well, sorry, I take that back. You can. We can set up either username and password logins, or if you have, if you're running on Google's email, which I don't know if you are, but or set up Google accounts. We can set up logins based on email, or if you log into your into google it, it can log into the software based on your permissions. Okay,

Speaker 1  1:22:50
so you say web browser on site. So that's a, is that a? I'm sorry if you forgive me. Man, is that a box, like a silver limb? I don't

Matthias Miller  1:22:59
know. Just like, no, it's like, from edge, Firefox, just anything you visit, any website, yes, just, it's just a website. We'll do what. We'll come up with the exact thing, but it's going to be something, you know, like Strasbourg palette.silverloom.io, or something like that you can bookmark, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:23:21
all right, so we can access it with the software or the with our current computer system and our Yes,

Matthias Miller  1:23:29
yeah, yep. And you can, I mean, you can access it on the road. You can tether. You can it's not, it's not mobile friendly. You can kind of pinch and zoom to pull it up on mobile, but you can tether pull it up on your laptop. If you have tablets, it works great on tablets. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:23:48
no laptop, tablet, that's, that's great. We don't, yeah, perfect. Okay. I mean, it's a, it's a go on my end. Matt, like, 100% Yeah, 100% it, it fits. We can, we can afford it. I want to do it.

Matthias Miller  1:24:13
So is there and what's the, what's the but, sorry, let's say, is there any button that, do you want me to wake up tomorrow morning and start

Speaker 1  1:24:31
working on it? No, it's a fair question, right? So on my side, the company side, there's, there's no but because there's nothing, there's nothing here that's like, attached or gonna potentially stop us, or like, Hey, you didn't think about this. Or there's just nothing. There's, there's no you. I mean, yeah, I mean, we're good. My sawing guys in he something. It's got to get better for him. Everybody else is just doing their thing. And I'm, I'm the guy that the visionary, the guy I'm trying to build it out, you know. So it's the bait. It's a baby that I'm carrying for the most part. CFO Rick, he's, he's on board with with this stuff. Um, yeah, we were talking about this earlier today, and I was talking about, you know, your nice conversation about where I want to go, talking about, you know, can we fit something in the budget, and so forth and so on. So, yeah, it's, I'm green light. I'm green light all around, yeah, if there's any, but it would just simply be Steven, but there was no, there's no agreement. There's nothing in place. He was supporting hourly basis. If he was, he was willing to do, he did some remotely, mostly remote. He came on site a few times. That's it. There's nothing set, nothing agreements, there's everything's fulfilled. There's no balances, nothing else, sure, well,

Matthias Miller  1:26:12
and during that time, I was also the one helping get them started. So I mean, yeah, I don't, I don't feel like, on my end, some of these things can be tricky. I don't always know how to navigate it. But on my end, I I gave him a good a good customer. He got to do some work. Learned a lot along the way. I'm sure. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:26:37
yeah. I mean, I mean, if we just, if we're simply migrating to a different platform right now, would he even, I mean, is that something that he would even want to maybe he, is he doing any of that stuff right now?

Matthias Miller  1:26:57
No. I mean, this is that ends up in Ellis's territory. And so it's not he would do a system for you, a real database for you, if you want, if you wanted him to using, I don't know what tools he uses. I still think our solution and our team is, quite frankly, better I

Speaker 1  1:27:20
got. It's I want to be, I want to be stateside, yeah, going forward, that's, yeah, that's it. I'm blaming have to be, yep. So,

Matthias Miller  1:27:34
yeah, yeah. One thing I thought about I did misquote you on my rate. Grit rate is 275, it does not affect overall budget. I don't see that. Yeah, just as far as that, I'm, I think I'm open to doing it on time and material spaces. Yeah, I think you'll, I think I think you're getting, still get a good deal. So

Speaker 1  1:28:03
and you and your estimation is that we could do the how'd you say on low or transport the data, build it out to what we needed to be on silver loom. And your estimations five to 20k. Yep, that's like the, that's like the invoice at the end. That

Matthias Miller  1:28:30
is the, yeah, that's the invoice at the end. Yeah, okay, and then the, the maintenance. Oof, anything about this, if we're doing on the down low, I think typically we include one year's maintenance, we might end up billing you for maintenance starting. I mean, typically we, typically we'd include the maintenance portion within the first year. If we're building it out like this, as soon as it goes live, we, we invoice you. I mean, you can choose whether you want to. Typically, if you want to pay annually, we'll do monthly times 10 instead of monthly times 12. But we can sorry, because we do a time and materials up front. Normally, we normally, we would bake the the first year maintenance, into into the the support, sorry, into the into the initial contract. Because we're doing time and materials. We'll build that as soon

Speaker 1  1:29:38
as we go live. You lost me there towards the end. I'm sorry,

Matthias Miller  1:29:44
sir, normally when we do projects, we do we do fixed price proposals, and normally we wouldn't charge first year maintenance or that $7,000 annual fee we wouldn't charge for the first we charge only a portion of that the first year. Um. And since we're doing time and materials, we do, you know, up to 20k invoiced to get us live, and then when we go live, that 7000 would be we would charge that for that first year right away. So,

Speaker 1  1:30:19
yeah, so if we, if we got to 20, you're saying the initial fee would be 27 that'd be a year support, correct? That's correct. Okay, and then, and then the annual fee, when does that get invoice? And then

Matthias Miller  1:30:36
12 months from Okay, so initial build out, and then that's when annual fees start, approximately 7000 a year, and that would, that would just start as soon as we go live, and it would renew. Actually, sorry, hang on that. There's a contract renewal schedule. I think it's either spring or fall, so we probably do. It's completely up to you based on your cash flow. When you prefer getting invoice for it if you have a preference and and so if you if you want to a march renewal, timing for that would be perfect. Or if you want a fall renewal, like forget what it is. September is something we would just do an initial six month and then start doing annual renewals from there,

Speaker 1  1:31:25
yeah, yeah, yeah. I think March would be fine. So we'd be looking at 25. To 20 is what our initial estimate is the build out price, and then the hosting and maintenance, basic support, annual. So that'd be seven, initially invoiced, and then after, when would, when would we then get invoiced again? Like, what would be, how would we be invoiced after that?

Matthias Miller  1:31:59
Okay, so invoice on build, and then you would have, so when we go live, invoice for the first year, any development that happens within that time period would be just invoice on a monthly basis.

Speaker 1  1:32:19
So, yeah, so other like any any further build out would be billed separately, correct. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:32:29
and those rates, those rates vary from, I mean, depends on who's involved in the design, anywhere from, I think, 60 to 150, an hour, just depending on skill level of the person you're working with.

Speaker 1  1:32:42
Okay, build is that always TNM, or do you guys ever do like a contract? Or

Matthias Miller  1:32:49
if you guys, if you prefer contract, we can, you can say, Look, I'd like to have this feature build out. Can you price it out? Give us a fixed price, and we'll do it okay. We also do ballparks, I think, I mean, my brother's been pretty good most of the maintenance, it just depends. Yeah, most times if we throw out a ballpark, we'll try to keep it within the upper limit, so we're not throwing throwing surprises out. We, we, but, but it is an option, for sure.

Unknown Speaker  1:33:28
What's it? Sorry, what's an option? The

Matthias Miller  1:33:30
I mean doing, doing proposals. Hey, we want this change this change this, change how much is going to be and basically what we'll do is we'll figure out our own risk factor and mark it up appropriately, make sure that we're comfortable with it. It's almost always a difference between cost versus confidence. So if you want to know exactly what you're going to pay, you'll end up paying a little bit more, and we take the risk if, if you do TNM, typically, you'll end up paying less, but there's more variability in what you pay. Okay? Make sense, yep,

Speaker 1  1:34:04
yep. So, all right, um, now we need to, we need to go forward. So the one more, I guess, question is initial build out, what do you? What are you? What are you picturing that result? What do you? What's the what? What's the goal in your mind at this point,

Matthias Miller  1:34:39
I have got you caught me at a time when I don't have a lot going on one of our biggest clients, scale back, q1 and so I would, I.

Matthias Miller  1:35:05
I can, I can promise I am. I can very confidently promise you something by end of March, okay, yeah, I think, I think, I think we could do something sooner than that. The big question mark on my end is, I may be doing a fairly intensive launch in February, and if that does, it's going to end up eating my time. But,

Unknown Speaker  1:35:27
yeah, sure.

Matthias Miller  1:35:30
Okay,

Speaker 1  1:35:32
no, that's, that's great. But on the on the technical side, like, are we? Are you thinking like you CNS, with a cut list, generate a cut list. I don't know if we do. We change the titles and so forth. Maybe, yeah, whatever, but we're able to generate the cut list, and we're, we're still tracking our production and we are. We have our incentive program, we have all that, the rewrite reports and so forth, yep,

Matthias Miller  1:36:03
okay, or pretty much everything. The cost calculator, probably not this, this scoring calculator, it sounds like that's not a huge priority to move over right this point, at this point. So, I mean, I think those are the pieces that we're leaving out. I think anything else that we've walked through today, yeah, so we'd be included,

Speaker 1  1:36:24
yeah, yeah. It's, it's those cut lists, generating the cut list, tracking the data, which we still doing anyway, and then it's the incentive program and piecing that together. So Matt, at the end of, at the end of the build out, right the end of the initial build out, where, what am I left with? I mean, I have these pieces, right, but then what is the, what's the foundation that's now ours to build on? It's that. I mean, if I go to your website, like, what you sent me, right? If I go there and I look at, I don't share this right here.

Speaker 1  1:37:13
If I go there and I go to your where's it at, right here, are you with me? Yep, I'm with you. So like, Yeah, I mean, if I'm looking at so I have a platform where we can later build this out, sales, inventory, more scheduling, um, we're tracking the production. We're scheduling the sawing, but we're not scheduling other stuff, right? So I can do work orders, logistics. There's, I mean, I'm just looking these are the pieces. So it's all so at that point the platforms, is that right? It's, it'll be established. We can just keep adding, keep adding to it. Correct? Is

Matthias Miller  1:38:00
that right. Okay, okay, that's correct. So, and as we add to it, there's always rejiggering pieces and all this stuff that may end up needing to happen. But, yeah, okay,

Speaker 1  1:38:19
all right, yeah, I think, I think it's, yeah, there's, we have to do it. I mean, it's good, I don't, I'm excited about it, yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:38:33
I'm excited for you. I think it's, I think you happy with having something more robust that's easier to use, being able to expand.

Speaker 1  1:38:44
Can it? Can it be a little more, when you say, easier to use, like, a little less page to page? Maybe? Or like,

Matthias Miller  1:38:55
yeah, I don't it'll, it'll still be pretty page to page, okay, um, but I mean one simple example, and this just depends on how advanced your users are, but you can flip open, you'll be able to flip open two tabs. And I want to compare two orders side by side. I want to, I want to look, go through my list of items. I want to go change this one, pop it open in a new tab, make the changes come back. There's different things like that that that end up improving usability, and then also just having a main menu every everything will be on together, on a menu organized. You can get to the menu from anywhere. And so there's some improvements like that that you'll also Yeah. So everything

Speaker 1  1:39:41
will be on the main like the score calculator. They'll call this whatever, whatever. Call it the same thing is that what I'm hearing, maybe it's

Matthias Miller  1:39:51
so on, yeah. I mean, when you, when you, when you pull open the software here, I can give you a little. Little demo, if you want

Unknown Speaker  1:40:04
that'd be good. I'll

Matthias Miller  1:40:08
help you visualize a little better. What I'm talking about.

Matthias Miller  1:40:19
This is just a demo system that's got some of our stuff already in here. But, you know, so here, here is, this is basically your kind of, like, your list of customers that we that we had, but from any screen you can go up here and you've got your menu which are organized here. And so you'd have, like, your your items list. You'd have, you know, cut list stuff, production tracking. You have those menu items so from anywhere within the system, you can just go up there and jump over to where you need to go, and then and then, instead of putting things, instead of needing to always put things into, you know, like for new customer, hitting a, add row, add row. Sorry, let me go to here. You hit New Contact and and can put in, have a screen to actually input information, instead of just doing everything a tabular way. And then these reports too. So you'll notice. So here's, there's like contacts. We have something called incidents, which are just very lightweight, task tracking, project tracking, whatever, and all kinds of things you can edit on that. But you'll, you'll see here that the reporting looks very familiar, and one of the you know, it's very similar between the two places. But basically, what the platform has is a powerful reporting engine where you get all the data in the system, and now if you want to report on something, building out a report, which now we can't, we can't do it there. Let's do it in the context thing. I mean, there's a reporting engine behind the scenes that is a pretty powerful reporting engine that controls all the, all the stuff here. So we can, we can just go in, there's an update process, but, but as long as the data is in there, we can, we can build out any kind of custom reporting that you're looking for, and filter down and give you filters, slice and dice all that stuff, yeah, and because it's built into the platform. You know, whereas in Excel, you're adding buttons and making buttons do the right things and making it look in the right places in the spreadsheet, filtering rows and doing all that stuff, all those reporting tools are built in, yeah. So makes a lot more efficient to build out reports.

Speaker 1  1:43:00
Okay, so and the data, like all the different data that we're entering, is, yeah, can this, can this platform easily handle, divide whatever, calculate all that stuff? No problem. The other question is, shoot what were they gonna ask you? Oh, is this? Is this cloud based or server based? Cloud

Matthias Miller  1:43:29
based we, we hosted on our we hosted, managed servers on your behalf, okay?

Unknown Speaker  1:43:35
And

Matthias Miller  1:43:38
we do, yeah, security updates and encryption and yeah, like I said, backups and all that stuff. Yeah, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:43:45
okay, sure, okay, a

Matthias Miller  1:43:52
fun little feature your CFO will like, is that any report that you pull up, like contacts, for example, you can, I mean, you can download it as an Excel file, or pop open a PDF if you if you want to PDF of it. So makes it easy to if you need to pull stuff out into Excel to do some one off something or other, you've got that. Yeah. Do

Speaker 1  1:44:19
you how would this, could this share anything with sage? Or,

Matthias Miller  1:44:28
yeah, if sage has, I mean, I'm sure it could. It's just a matter of figuring out. I mean, basically all it is is sage takes in Excel or CSV or something like that, some kind of special import file, and it's just a matter of figuring out what sage wants. And we'll, we'll build a report in our system that's in the sage format. So. And give you, basically, give you, just give you a download option that you could then push into sage, okay, payroll would be an example of where you want to do that once we, once we get the payroll calculations.

Speaker 1  1:45:14
Okay, um, so in order to finish this project. Do you see yourself needing to come on site at all? I

Matthias Miller  1:45:27
don't think so. Okay. Well, finish it. Okay. Did you do the round one? Let's get out of Excel? No, I don't think so. Okay. I would, we are going to be in Pennsylvania this summer, in July. And so I believe July, June or July. And so if it works, to cross paths over that time, I would love to swing by and get a tour of the operation. Yeah. I

Speaker 1  1:45:59
think it'd be helpful. Yeah. That's right, that'd be good. That might be good timing for who knows what. Yeah, okay, so then, um, I like, I've already shared the program, the spreadsheets with you. So how much back and forth do we? Do you anticipate where, you know, I need to send you this, and you're going to send me stuff, and then we, like, look at it, check it out, try it out. Like, how much of that is going to be required? Do you think?

Matthias Miller  1:46:39
Um, well, in the first little bit, not much, okay, yeah. I mean, it just does not again, Famous last words, okay, but just does not seem that complicated. So I, I think there might be, might be a couple calls we might need to do to straighten some stuff out and clarify some stuff, and maybe shoot some things back and forth. But most of that stuff can be batched too. It's not like the little list of things that we need to talk about and circle up, yeah, I just don't think it's going to be much screen share

Speaker 1  1:47:16
figure and do it that way, whatever. Okay, yeah, that's it cool.

Matthias Miller  1:47:21
Cool on the on the initial build out, are you? Are you fine building building that out monthly as well. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:47:32
yeah. Um, so you yesterday, you said two. You were at 220 an hour today, you were saying 275 is that? Is that where

Matthias Miller  1:47:43
that is correct, and the full transparent version is that there's additional fees being part of the silver limb platform that I did not include in my quoted rate. So, yeah, I apologize so,

Speaker 1  1:48:00
so the the platform itself, is there a price tag for the platform that's

Matthias Miller  1:48:10
included in your 7000 I mean, that's included in in my Yeah, adjusted hourly rate. And there's also some of that that's included in the 7000 a year stuff. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:48:23
so you that's the platform that you're going to utilize. You're going to transport data to that. Then the platform gets what sent to us here, whatever, something like that, or, or you build it, and then we access it. Is that? What I'm under that

Matthias Miller  1:48:39
is that is correct. I build it. You access it. We'll give you. We'll set up it early on. We'll set up a test system so that you can get in there and play around with it. Yeah, and we'll have that on an ongoing basis, so that if you ever, I don't know if you guys ever want to try something that's that shouldn't be happening in the live system that you can it'll be an exact replica, just with different different Yeah, we'll be able to to refresh it from the Live system, but it'll be its own separate Yeah, copy that you can do whatever you want with it. Yeah?

Speaker 1  1:49:26
So we, I mean, like we have almost everything is there. It's just those. There's a few more nuances with our I with our specialty stuff that's can be clunky, but if we can, it just needs to be, just need to be identified and built out to capture those things. All right, enough said, yeah, so cool. All right, um, next step in your mind, you. You let me know I'm not. I'm not so man, I'm not here putting you in on a on a time, on a time frame, right? I don't have to do that at this point. I'm I'm okay. I like what's sorry, I like to get the incentive program functioning soon. But is there a value in, you know, March versus April, or April versus May? I can't say that there is, sooner the better. But again, I'm not expecting something I work with with an excavator, actually, my cousin, right? So he comes in, does a job, then he pulls off, then he come, then he pulls on. I try to call him, and, you know, it's like, I know that I'm not the squeakiest will, right? So he, you know, instead of having gratitude in September, he did a little bit in end of October, or whatever. And it turned out okay. It wasn't a it wasn't a crunch on my side. So I'm like, Well, I don't have to, I don't have to be putting pressure on you all the time. But anyway, with you here, I realized that you might well whatever, I just try. You're saying you have time. It's reasonable to probably have this done by the end of March, so that's kind of my expectation, realizing it could take longer, but if it takes longer, I'm assuming wouldn't be a ton long.

Matthias Miller  1:51:33
All right, no, I mean, I'm trying to be conservative and set reasonable expectations here. So yeah, cool, yeah, I've learned to I don't always do it. Well, still gets me in trouble sometimes, but I have learned to hamper my endless, boundless optimism. Yep,

Unknown Speaker  1:51:51
okay, all right,

Matthias Miller  1:51:55
cool. Sounds good. I will draft an email with some of the pricing stuff that we're looking at, and ballpark estimates, timeframe deliverables, and maybe it needs to be more than that, but I'm comfortable with if you just reply back. If you're happy with that, you just reply back that you agree to these terms, and it's at least a written agreement. And we've got something to go back to. If you're good, I'm good. If you want more than that, you can need more than that. Happy to give you

Speaker 1  1:52:32
more. Yeah, probably not. Okay. Seems good. Matt, all right.

Matthias Miller  1:52:38
Sounds good. Thanks, bro. Thanks. Murph, yeah, you bet. Blessings.

Unknown Speaker  1:52:42
Man, see ya blessing, blessings. Man.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai