Matthias Miller  02:02
So hey, hey, hey, hey, mobile, mobile office, Well, if you're mobile, and we don't need a lot mobile for any reason, I might go take a little walk while we talk to me as soon as I save my call notes from the call this morning, because everything's been crazy since then. So good news is I landed a small software project that will help me avoid signing 100 hour contract with my former employer. Okay, I think. And I had this idea this morning, which is, I have this I talked, actually talked about this earlier. I have this tool set or sorry, I have this course that this sales person. Sorry, we hired a salesperson at true point, good friend of mine to do private training. And why not take his content, turn it into a course I could deliver using, hey Jen, and Claude can help me come up with video transcripts and a course plan and focus on the things that are going to move the needle, and then if I can get 40 signed up at five.

Speaker 1  05:45
Uh oh, frozen. Can hear me? Lost you. You are frozen. Was SECURITY light looking down your shoulder? No, can you hear me? Now? There we go. There

Matthias Miller  05:56
we go. I'm gonna, might as well kill my egg video, because, you know, well, I mean,

Unknown Speaker  06:00
let's do it save bandwidth.

Matthias Miller  06:03
So if I could sell 40 at 500 fold outbound, then that means I should be able to sustain that, and then I I can on top of that, that's what I need to keep lights on and happy and any one off consulting is gravy, and recovering all kinds of, you know, paying down debt and all kinds of other stuff we want to do. And then we we upsell on the back end into a, if it's 500 up front, on the back end, we up, selling just down, selling to $50 a month membership where they get additional trainings. And we turn the we turn the the sprint. So the membership is how they maintain access to the videos. It's how they maintain access to support. We get use, go high level voice agent to use Scott, Scott Shane's voice sales trainer, and we continue building customizations for that, so they can call in and they can role play with a voice agent, and they get that as part of their membership. What else? Yeah, and then we upsell on the back end. And then hopefully somewhere in here there's people who need agency work, who need a CRM upsell on that. I uh, I don't know. Now, can I actually get 40 in in the next maybe that's it's an outrageous goal, I'm sure. Although you just get one, you get two dealers, and you're more than halfway there. Anyway,

Speaker 1  08:00
what are your thoughts? Lots of thoughts. I failed to follow the the two versus 40. There to to for you. When you say 40, you do mean 40, right.

Matthias Miller  08:08
Sorry to to builders. If two builders come on board and say, We want all our dealers to do this, we'll pay for it.

Speaker 1  08:17
Well, that's awesome. Okay, that's awesome. I like that stuff. A warm,

Matthias Miller  08:22
warm intro to and plus, I can go sell this to people who have conventional sales teams as well, like former clients and stuff.

Speaker 1  08:30
Oh, yeah, there you go. So, um, let's see, uh, okay, for let's, let's throw some spaghetti at the wall here for a minute. So if they pay $500 one time, they get access for for what, a year? How

Matthias Miller  08:49
about no? Go ahead. Please. Go ahead. No, they get access. It's a they're paying for the sprint, not the content they're paying

Speaker 1  08:54
for the sprint. I love it. That's actually really good, because it is naturally time bound, like there's a reason that it's time bound. Here's your program. You're in, you're out. What I I want to, I want to play marketer here for a minute and toy with some ideas. Okay, one is that, let me think about this one is that we do something where they are committing so, so rather than focus on selling the flat rate package and then coming back around and saying, like, oh, by the way, if you'll pay us $50 a month, then we'll have you know, you can keep access to the videos and your homework or whatever, and oh, by the way, holding their homework hostage would actually be smart to some extent.

Matthias Miller  09:50
Yeah. Well, my thought on the homework is, first of all, a guarantee around homework. Second, a grand prize. Do the homework. Show us proof you. Give us shoot a video, and you get entered in for MacBook.

Speaker 1  10:03
Hey, I love it. That is smart, yeah, whoever, whoever you know, basically does the best on their homework, gets, um, gets something, I think, that incentivizes them to actually work hard. And you can tell them that, you can say, look what, what this means. And maybe it's even it doesn't have to be MacBook. Maybe it's, maybe it's $1,000 cash. We're literally saying, hey, look, we are paying you to give it your best, not for our good, but for your your good. Really want you guys to succeed. We want it so bad that we're gonna pay and maybe it's, maybe it's the top three get $300 instead of the top one, it's 1000 Yeah, are you recording this? Yes, I am awesome. Okay, so, so back to what I was saying when I said, Hold their homework hostage. What I was referring to is, I have taken trainings before where like, there was homework and implementation done as part of the deal. And I am a self admitted info product hoarder. So, like, I am the kind of guy that will pay extra to keep access to the videos, but, but what really pushes the needle on that is if I lose access to whatever I just spent time building, whatever that means. So if we can imagine something where they are doing some work, some creation, some building, some setup, whatever that is, I'm not trying to say, like hold their everything hostage. That's not what I mean. But if there is some component where they have not only a desire to keep the training, but some desire to keep some part of what they just put their energy into. I think that would incentivize them to more of them.

Matthias Miller  11:56
Let's say they have, like, a personalized plan that they put into the LMS, or something, Yes, yep, or something like that. And then, obviously, if they lose that, they lose access to that

Speaker 1  12:12
exactly. And for some people, that's not the end of the world. They're smart. They're going to take their own notes. They're going to memorize it. They won't care. But other people are going to be like, wait, wait, I built this, you know, Mind Map strategy, workflow process, and I don't want to lose that. I want to keep the training too. So here's 10 bucks. Okay, now, referring to 10 bucks, let's do this. Let's tell them that it is normally and don't worry about the numbers. The numbers themselves are not the point. But let's tell them that after the cohort closes, if they sign up at the end for the the recurring thing, it's going to be $60 but if they go ahead and lock in at the beginning, when they pay their $500 it's going to be 40 so in other words, make the decision to opt into the monthly membership right here now at the very beginning, and you get a discount. If you wait until later to make that decision, it's going to cost you more, not not a ton more, but it is going to cost you more well.

Matthias Miller  13:20
And then if you do, if you wait until after that, it's not 60, but it's

Speaker 1  13:25
80 or something, exactly, exactly, okay, and all right. So that that's one collection of ideas, here's another collection. What if we flip that on its head? Um, hi, Mr. So and so, we're selling you this super duper system. It's $50 a month. Or, if you Sorry, I just had two conflicting versions of that, or through my head, so one, one would be, it's, it's $50 a month, and it starts with a cohort. And we believe in the cohort so strongly, even though it's worth $10,000 that we're giving it to you for free, you just have to sign up for the long term membership. You can cancel anytime after the cohort is done. The what's going to cost you money is the membership we are asking you to subscribe. But if you subscribe, it's going to start off with this, like, treat it like a bonus, is the point even, I mean, and maybe not, because it's not optional. It's kind of the cornerstone. But I'm just trying to say, if you kind of flip it on its head, it's like, buy the long term thing. And here's this fabulous extra training and extra coaching that you get on the beginning, if you buy now.

Matthias Miller  14:43
All right, so, so here's the here's the story. This thing is 100 bucks a month. And of course, if I really wanted to hype it, it's $250 a month, and blah, blah, blah, but anyway, but it's $100 a month, and we're gonna slash it in half, and we're gonna take it down. To 50. And not just that, we're going to take it down to 40. And here's this, accelerate this competition, or this, I don't know if you want to call it a competition, but maybe a competition. Here's this competition. And normally that's $1,000 and if you sign up for this thing today, it's 500 and and it's, it's included. I mean, it's, obviously, it's included. You cannot doubt, but Right, yeah, buying the membership, yeah.

Speaker 1  15:31
I so you can literally do it in both directions. I just, I'm kind of after two things. One is, we all know that. I mean, so admittedly, we're creating a coaching slash info product company here. Yeah. We all know that the lifeblood of those kinds of businesses is the recurring revenue. Yeah, so I want to position an angle for that really hard at the beginning, right? The other thing is that I'm suggesting we can use the two things. And it doesn't really matter which direction, but you can use the two things to kind of leverage each other. One facilitates the purchase of the other.

Matthias Miller  16:10
Yeah, well, and I think, I think too. I mean, yeah, I like it. I don't know exactly how that works out, but I like it. So I So, I mean, the only issue is, by the way, I got feedback from Dwayne, who worked with me on true point. He's like, Yeah, that company you talked to, they couldn't figure out what you were selling. They like you. You're a good guy, you just don't know what you're selling. So, I mean, I could immediately turn around and be like guys, here it is. Here's what it is. Let's rock and roll. Yeah. So

Matthias Miller  17:01
What? What? I guess execution. I got deer in the headlights like this. It seems like a lot to pull off. Yeah, offer, offer page, first of all, the I think I can use DHL SAS for managing payments, tie it out to deposit, which I'm using for payment processing, yep, which is much better fees. And I mean, and probably I need to actually throw this on a sales page somewhere, even if it's code house.com/online,

Matthias Miller  17:48
and it'd be great to have a coupon code to give people make them feel better, potentially, Yep, and I do like capping it at 40 because it's, well, two reasons. I know it's a pretty aggressive goal, but it would make me super, super happy if I could hit that make a lot of things happy. And second of all, I What else? Well, anyway, it's a hard limit. I like Dan Bolton's model of only enrolling X number of people per month. So anyway, I

Speaker 1  18:37
think it's smart. I think it'll help prevent it. Not only does it add to the FOMO in this and the real world scarcity, but honestly, it'll help prevent what are we going to call it growing pains from being too extreme, right? Because, like, you don't want to let 1000 people in the door on first cohort and actually let them down. So 4040, seems plenty big to me, like I don't, if anything, if anything, keep it at 40. Definitely. Don't make it bigger. Let's put it that way. Well,

Matthias Miller  19:10
I would agree 40 might be too big. The other thing is, also, I don't know how to do it tastefully, but especially for the salesperson persona and lizard brain stuff, it's like, prove it to me that you deserve to be here.

Unknown Speaker  19:27
Yeah, yeah,

Matthias Miller  19:30
I don't think you got what it takes prove it. So maybe that's not completely the type of person I want to attract, but I do want to attract people who take action and who are committed. So,

Speaker 1  19:44
yeah, okay, and now if I understand, right? And I did, I did not read word for word the two docs you sent me, but I opened the most and I read a substantial portion. I like it, and I think it's clear. Um, I don't know that I read the CTA at the end. Let me just get to the bottom. I got it right here. So that's like the syllabus. And this is the offer online accelerator, introducing the complete system. Here's everything you get. I love the real world results, time limit, limited offer, and then we just talked about maybe changing all that, but that's fine. Bonus for the first tense, yeah, first 10 students, I think that that's probably good to keep that anyway. All it, all it costs you is 10 hours worth of talking to somebody, which you can use as much for market research and refinement as you can for helping them win, win for everybody. Is what I'm trying to say there, and I click the button below, yeah, so I'm assuming that you're what you want to do here is you've got Carsten generating these SMS leads. You're chatting with some of them. Some of them seem open to the idea of growing or accelerating their business, or somehow express that they are hungry or want to scale, and you're going to say, well, I've got a solution to that. I'm putting together a program, or pilot program, if you want to position it that way for you know this, with this system that we know works, we've never taught it to other people before. We're going to start teaching it to other people for the first time. And if you're interested, check out the details here. The class is starting soon, so let me know, really, you know, and you can incentivize that further right, like, if you take action right now, we'll give you a coupon, but or something, am I generally right about the trajectory of that? Yeah, generally, right, yeah. And then you said there were some parts that made you feel stuck. What was the stuck part?

Matthias Miller  21:47
Oh, finishing up the sales page, putting together the whatever payment link needs to be made freak out about delivery, kind of the tech decision fatigue, like, all right, where are these going to live in a way that they can't be swiped? DHL,

Speaker 1  22:10
I'm not, not sure about the can't be swiped. I think somebody can. Have to play around almost anything, but, but

Matthias Miller  22:17
won't easily be, won't be swiped by novices.

Speaker 1  22:22
The Vimeo and Wistia are both. I am almost a professional. Hack the system and download the video file desktop person, and I have a lot of trouble with Vimeo and Wistia, so if you used either one, that would probably solve it. Then again, I think you can upload it to GHL, so if you don't want to pay the storage fees,

Matthias Miller  22:45
okay, well, I mean, I don't think that generally, again, this is the philosophy you have to adopt. I don't think if I stay out of the general internet marketing space, people probably aren't going to swipe it.

Unknown Speaker  22:57
I think most of them can't. I agree.

Matthias Miller  23:02
And and I think the other thing is, you start building network effect and feedback loops just as fast as you can, and just improve the program and get market share as fast as you can, and hopefully within six months before anybody really finds out about it, it's too late.

Speaker 1  23:21
Absolutely, yeah. So, okay, let's Okay, a couple ideas, so I'm assuming, and you just tell me what you have in mind. So I'm saying, I'm hoping all this grows and works for you and and that somehow I can get what I'm going to lose media buying clients out of the deal, perhaps at some point, if any of these guys turn out to want you know leads, which is, I guess, debatable, but we'll, we'll see what kind of person we're attracting here. I would kind of like I'm not imposing anything. Please don't take it that way. I would kind of like to have a share of the pie on this membership and in building it out, because I would like to have enough whatever the right I don't want to call it incentive, because that's not really what I mean. But basically, I would like to continue helping you build and grow this, and I'm even happy to do some of the implementation. So for example, if you don't want to set up a membership site in GHL and upload videos, I'll do that. I can do that. I can set up payment links or whatever, and and more to the point, I'd like to be invested in it enough that I can stick around with you and continue to grow it, refine it and build off of it. Um, how does that sound to you? I'm open to that. Okay, and I'm not imposing anything at all, but I get it. Yeah, I'm not taking it that way. Okay, super. Um, that like, literally, I'm enjoying this. I think good things can come of it. I'm. Not sure that I can get enough good out of only waiting for Google Ads management opportunities. So I kind of like to dive in on the near term, short term with you. Um, take some of the load off your plate. Keep hammering these things out and hopefully, obviously, focus on part one here. But I'm thinking there's going to be other things to build in the future.

Matthias Miller  25:20
What likelihood Do you think that we can hit 40 by the end of the month? Keeping in mind that I unfortunately have round table, and I will be out Friday, Saturday and Sunday and part of Monday, right when we're launching this thing,

Speaker 1  25:36
I might so I don't know. I noticed you have that February one date in there. I don't know for a fact that things can come together that fast, but it's certainly worth a try. I mean, that's basically two weeks away. How many leads a day so Carsten system has been running for is it two days now or three days? I was

Matthias Miller  25:59
not able to run it today because I got busy and got distracted working on this, but it's been two or three days. Yeah,

Speaker 1  26:05
that's fine. And by the way, that's the kind of stuff where I'm saying, maybe I can help, you, know, kick off the leads and exactly, or or something, or help you keep things running, or whatever that means,

Matthias Miller  26:15
or train Audra how to do it. Or, there you go. Yeah.

Speaker 1  26:20
So what was I starting to say? I think my point was, I was trying to guess at how many conversations a day we're having when it is running.

Matthias Miller  26:29
Yeah, it's maybe one or two. I mean, at this point it's one or two. Maybe because not realistic to unless I can, I can get some cohorts, or I can get some referrals, or this ends up being a hotter offer, and gets more Convos.

Speaker 1  26:48
Totally. How many is you sending to? Like, 100 a day,

Matthias Miller  26:51
that's what? Yeah, something like that, 70 100. Something like that,

Speaker 1  26:55
he's sending to 7200 and about one of them is responding at

Matthias Miller  27:00
all? No, well, no, no, there's like five to 10 in each batch that are responding positively. Okay.

Speaker 1  27:12
Well, this is, this is classic conversion rate funnel math that we're really talking about. If it really does boil down to one a day, then obviously you need 40 days, and that's not going to work, but, but even if you aim for that goal and only got halfway there, that doesn't seem terrible to me. How many weeks long is the program again?

Matthias Miller  27:34
Or the idea? Yeah,

Speaker 1  27:37
well, the idea being that the next cohort could not start for a month and it's delayed cash flow. Is that right?

Matthias Miller  27:43
Yeah. So the in some ways, it would be nice to shorten it to a three week thing, so that that gives us a little breather to catch up, reset, reset, and we can have it be a monthly weekend thing. I

Speaker 1  27:56
was just thinking that I wonder if it can be shortened to three weeks.

Matthias Miller  27:59
Well, we'll have to make it be that way. Okay?

Unknown Speaker  28:03
I like that a lot. Yep,

Matthias Miller  28:06
in which case it can start on February. Wednesday. Is that or the eighth? Friday? What are you thinking? I'm

Speaker 1  28:16
trying to get to the calendar, but yes, I'm thinking like one weekend Monday that so February The first is a Saturday. Yep, if you feel like it needs to be midweek, then we can push it back to like Thursday, the sixth or Monday the 10th. I don't

Matthias Miller  28:37
want it on a Monday. I want it on that that. I want it seventh or before, because I want to ending the 28th or, you know, by the 28th

Speaker 1  28:45
can we aim for Thursday? The sixth? Yeah, I like it. Let's do that. That gives us basically six, well, five extra days to run the system. And then I'm thinking that no matter what your conversion rates are, that we can probably ask Carsten to double the volume, the sending volume, and try to turn that one a day into two a day, or whatever we're at there.

Matthias Miller  29:12
Yep. Okay,

Speaker 1  29:16
so now I'm curious about the part where you said you did not run it today. So what you mean is that cars didn't sent messages, but you haven't handled any of them. No,

Matthias Miller  29:24
he left it to me to send them. He showed me what it takes to scrape, and I just haven't done it. And I was going to do it do an SOP or a loom or something for Audra, and I just haven't done that either, because I got excited about this idea, and I had a soccer sales call, the, you know,

Speaker 1  29:46
consulting for cash stock. I would love to take that part of this off your hands. And I really mean it. Do you have? Sadly, I'm on a phone. Oh, wait, I've got my computer here. When would you have time to show me the nuts and bolts? Like the 8020 of

Matthias Miller  30:03
it, I can let me. I have to head out. Yep, I can. I'm heading back to the office now. I think I can squeeze in a few screenshots, and I can probably talk you through it the way home.

Speaker 1  30:33
Let's plan on that I have access to because myself, I got, I think I told you this myself and my European guy that I've tried to do various ventures with, that that's how I found Carsten. I mean, Carson found me via cold DM, funny enough, but point is is, I've bought his stuff before and seen a significant amount of his training. So if you can just give me the highlight refreshers, I'm pretty sure I can take it from there and all that and and I'll if there are any other details, I'll either figure them out or I'll ask Carson myself, sure

Matthias Miller  31:04
that way I have some schedule conflicts with his calls. Unfortunately, okay, but I only have one podcast schedule for tomorrow, so the bunch of them canceled.

Unknown Speaker  31:15
So okay,

Matthias Miller  31:18
bummer. Yeah. Well, it is what it is. I'm glad this is I'm glad this project's happening for

Speaker 1  31:26
sure. Yeah, make sure to let Josh Thomas know that that happened too, so we can refine whatever he needs to refine on his end. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  31:35
Okay, so coming back into my office right now, I

Matthias Miller  31:55
Yeah, so let me send you. I'm going to send it on signal, because that's secure and you can, yes, send the password Note to self. Where's my Note to self? Forward to Jonathan Wilson, okay, let me know if you got that. It's my Matthias set Miller at Code house. And then, by the way, do you have a Thoughts On the Can we can we say something? I think I would be. I don't know if I'm being overly generous here or not, but maybe I went something back once you start getting agency clients. But I think I'm relatively open to saying 10, 10% back on the first 40, whether it's, whether it's, I mean, the first 40, either of a launch or the or first 40 of subscriptions. And then beyond subscriptions, let's talk about what that looks like. From there is that sane

Speaker 1  33:04
sounds good to me. I really am in the mood of I'd rather have 5% of a million than a percent of nothing, right or not a million right? 5% of anything compared to nothing. And yeah, either way. I mean, let's make sure that it's profitable for you. If we charge agency clients and you keep a split of that, or whatever that's that's fine, or literally whatever, whatever it takes here.

Matthias Miller  33:30
All right, so you do Google Maps, shed builder, North Carolina. I would for now avoid North Carolina, Indiana, Ohio, just, well, I actually, I don't know if I care about that. Forget I said that.

Unknown Speaker  33:53
All it okay?

Matthias Miller  33:56
Well, yeah, I'm actually not quite sure about that. If it's just as easy to avoid it, it's probably good. And then these pings do not look very clear. I'm going to send you separate, a separate email with them, with the original so that you've got that. Yeah,

Speaker 1  34:16
they are small and fuzzy. Yes, I wonder if that's a feature of chanting or what? Anyhow, okay, so I get it. You search for shed builder in a particular area, and then this little tool that's on your screen is going to do the scraping correct. And where's the tool found is that in his lead gen login, I mean, that's

Matthias Miller  34:39
a Chrome extension, a free chrome extension. He said, okay, here, let me, let me make sure all these are original size. Surely, there's a way to change an attachment. But anyway,

Matthias Miller  34:57
here, let's do I'm. So no better way there is here. Should build a podcast. Let's do I'm

Matthias Miller  35:19
just going to throw them in Google Drive and then share

Matthias Miller  35:41
anyway okay, so then chanty, here's this.

Matthias Miller  35:51
Got it instant data scraper. Let's see if this icon matches. I'm pretty sure this is, I'm pretty sure this is the one here, which you could find anyway. And then landline remover. And let me get the password for that. I'm

Speaker 1  36:20
a landline. Remember, that's awesome. That's really awesome. So, and

Matthias Miller  36:26
then you're going to want to just get Okay, so then let's and there's something about here. Let me, here. Let me, let me open these files again, and I can All right. So then open Google Maps, shed builder North Carolina, it's and then locate instant data scraper. Click, locate next button, set limit and crawl, download CSV, go to landline, remover, upload, um. Uh, let's see where was this one? Um

Matthias Miller  37:30
filter to only do cell phones download, go to GHL, upload contacts. Tag with shed, Google Maps, SMS, given the choice well and then there was something about how to handle matching on email versus phone, I don't know for sure, and some make sure we don't re enroll. And I don't know if this I don't know if he did. I couldn't see what he was doing, if he did anything special, but don't make sure we don't re enroll contacts into the same sequence. There's

Speaker 1  38:18
some deduplication and all that built into DHL. I'm pretty sure I know what he means. Okay,

Matthias Miller  38:25
and then enroll in it's, I think it's SMS sheds workflow. They're assigned to Ethan Fox. Then that's more of an FYI. And then ping me when it's done. There's your back of the napkin. Sop. I yeah, we'll maybe available more later this evening, I'm going to switch off my internet. Sounds good.

Speaker 1  39:07
Before you go, what states do you want to do these in are like is, are you trying to focus just on the mid Central or what

Matthias Miller  39:17
I would think some good ones would be, Georgia, Kentucky. Illinois, Tennessee, South Carolina. I don't know about Mississippi, Alabama, but maybe

Matthias Miller  39:39
Arizona.

Speaker 1  39:43
Okay, I might, I might pick on cities. Is there any Oh, I think I'm losing it. Can you hear me?

Matthias Miller  39:51
The

Speaker 1  39:57
I think I lost your audio. Can you hear me? Uh, now little bit better. So I missed the last 1520 seconds of what you said.

Matthias Miller  40:07
Yeah, I think he was aiming for about 7070, to 100 clean cell phone numbers. Um, he also to note he was not scrubbing for DNC, because these are B to B. I mean, it might be people's cell phones, but it is business. I'm assuming that's his rationale.

Speaker 1  40:25
Okay, so you mean he was not running them

Matthias Miller  40:33
through a cleaner, yep. Can you hear

Speaker 1  40:36
me again? Yeah, so you were trying to say he is not running them through any kind of cleaner,

Matthias Miller  40:42
not he's not filtering, but do not call,

Speaker 1  40:46
Oh, got it, okay. And yes, that is, that is because it's B to B and not B to C, correct. Yep, right, yep.

Matthias Miller  40:59
The only other thing, and I don't know if this matters at all, his, his sequence says, later this week? Would you? Would you still use that on sending things out on a Friday?

Speaker 1  41:13
Nope, I would just manually change it to later or within the week. I need to see the whole message, but let's fix that. Yep. Okay,

Matthias Miller  41:20
it's in the workflow, pretty simple,

Speaker 1  41:24
cool. So what, what I am used to doing in GHL is adding to adding to a workflow on a schedule. So like tomorrow morning, starting at, I don't know, eight, 8am I'm pretty sure we don't want to send text messages in the evening and at night. So I can work now, but it needs to fire off in the morning.

Matthias Miller  41:47
Yeah. And I mean, if you're targeting east coast, there's no reason why you're not sending them out. Sorry, I guess different time zone, but I would think 845 for example, isn't a terrible time to nine o'clock Eastern.

Speaker 1  42:02
That that I agree? Yeah, around nine or just the hair before, yep, yep, um, uh. Okay. So he said, shed builder. Have we looked at anything else? Shed somewhere either. Is there any reason not to?

Matthias Miller  42:21
There's some you have to be careful with storage, storage units. Okay, yeah, that's the only thing. But you can. I mean, you can, you can peruse through the list. I think you've got a very good I mean, you're smart, you know, if it's pulling up shed people,

Speaker 1  42:38
I can always compare yet. I I'm trying a few variations, even as we speak. And it sure looks like structures, outdoor buildings, backyard sheds. You know, even if there is an error in there, I'm I think we can probably get over it, right? Cool. Okay. Well, lovely. I got my work cut out for me, and I will take care of this this evening, queued up for tomorrow morning, and then we'll go from there, appreciate

Matthias Miller  43:10
it. And then if you want, if you want, and yeah, if you want to hand it off to Audra, all she really needs is a sufficient whatever, plus workflow. But, yeah, I don't know however you want to do that sounds

Speaker 1  43:25
good to me. I'm happy to have you do it. Yeah, I'll certainly start it, and then we can go from there. And yes, I'll make a stop that you can have sob

Matthias Miller  43:36
All right? And then good. And then let me know what I'm would you have time tomorrow to could we flesh out the offer when we talk? Talk about maybe, I mean, maybe I could take a crack at it tonight, get a transcript of the call and grab some of these ideas. But

Speaker 1  43:57
let me I have, yep, I have no daytime appointments tomorrow. So let me know when you want to try show it. It's convenient for me to aim for two my time, but you tell me what works for you?

Matthias Miller  44:12
Yeah, I don't think I have anything if at this point, if you want to shoot me an email invite invite. That'd be great live on the road. I

Speaker 1  44:25
will do that. Yeah, and some of this training that I just am taking on selling stuff Travis Sego style might help us. I'll, I'll compare notes on that as well.

Matthias Miller  44:36
Awesome, cool, cool. Man, alright,

Unknown Speaker  44:42
yeah, yep, you're welcome. Talk to you later. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai