Unknown Speaker  00:09
Good morning. Oh now over here

Unknown Speaker  00:14
Good Morning Morning.

Unknown Speaker  00:15
Good Morning ginger Morning everyone. Is everyone

Unknown Speaker  00:28
everyone coming in hey go. Good morning.

Unknown Speaker  00:34
Good morning Michael.

Unknown Speaker  00:35
Good morning. Are you new ICO?

Unknown Speaker  00:39
Well how are you

Speaker 1  00:45
I guess I'm feeling like a little bit like a spring chicken this morning so pretty good

Unknown Speaker  01:02
morning everybody. Good morning. Good morning

Unknown Speaker  01:30
Good morning Matthias year Good morning Matthias. Good how are you? Good

Speaker 1  02:02
what's good in Colorado this morning, Matthias

Unknown Speaker  02:07
Well, I think this is good. Like 30 minutes ago we started snowing here. So yeah, it's starting to widen up a little bit.

Speaker 1  02:23
Wow, that would be a shock if you came to North Carolina today. I guess.

Unknown Speaker  02:30
That's the case. Oh, you haven't that?

Unknown Speaker  02:32
About 70 degrees a day ago.

Speaker 2  02:38
Well, yeah, yesterday was so nice. I was like, wow, when there's permanent

Unknown Speaker  02:47
during Oklahoma is 70 degrees and raining. You just never know.

Speaker 3  02:57
And we had little hail this morning here in Cleveland like the size of a nerd like the candy. Candy.

Unknown Speaker  03:09
Well, looks like we've managed to cover the gamut of weather. Not sure what are we

Unknown Speaker  03:18
good. Well, hey, ginger. Congrats on yesterday. That's amazing.

Speaker 2  03:25
Thank you. Yeah, we had a good day yesterday. I was busy. As soon as I pretty much as soon as I got off the phone with you guys. That I've had people what's your all day yesterday?

Speaker 1  03:42
Wow, that was pretty amazing to land to have them. Tell us a little bit how that went? I know you were talking to me just a little bit briefly about an upset? Yeah.

Speaker 2  03:55
Yeah, well, then. So they originally he was looking for an eight by 12. He looked at a designer one and he really liked it. And then he just happened to turn the corner, seen a 10 by 16 vinyl that I had. And the vinyl coloring was the same as his house. And so that got him kind of questioning.

Unknown Speaker  04:20
Do I want to do you know,

Speaker 2  04:24
this metal or do I want to do the vinyl or what do I want to do? Anyway, so then he FaceTimed his wife and the wife was like, well, then she had her out by the house, measuring their FaceTime. I mean, they were probably here for two hours. This guy these two guys. And they were on the phone with his wife and that she was measuring that she didn't quite know how much space he had and what he could do. He said but he was he was ready. He had the day off and he was ready to take care of this today. So she was out there measuring And I could hear her getting mad. Because she was like, wow, I don't know, you know? Anyway, they. So in the in the long run, he decided to go vinyl instead of the metal because it matched perfectly to where they were at his house.

Unknown Speaker  05:20
So, and then

Speaker 2  05:23
they ended up they didn't go in 10 by 16. So I had to, I spent a lot of time with him on making decisions and things like that and just talk to them. And that's what led to, okay, vinyl, this is what we're doing, whatever. And he wasn't worried about money. So I didn't even offer the vinyl discount that we're doing right now. He just cuz he knew I could just tell it. He knew what he wanted. And he wasn't worried about anything else. And so I didn't, there was no need to let's put it that way. And then the second one, they ended up coming in to look at a play house. Well, the play house for the same amount of money, they could get something a little bit bigger. And the daughter that they were looking for was a little older. So she was I think they said she was nine or 10. So they were looking for a place to give her to do like arts and crafts and things like that. So instead of the play house, I did an eight by 16 because I had an eight by 16 out here. And they were like yeah, this is nice space. We can and she said we could do whatever color and I said yeah, so I went through the whole everything. And they ended up doing an RTR so that they could get the build started. Because she closes on her home next week, so they'll have the money to pay it off before the building's even built and ready to

Unknown Speaker  06:55
be delivered.

Speaker 1  06:59
Good. Now curious, these these two customers, were they both just drive bys? Or how did they end up on your lot.

Speaker 2  07:10
Um, the first one, the guys, they actually work down here for granite, they some sort of granite tops that they work on, it's a couple miles down the road. And they said they they go to Walmart all the time. And they see us and they wanted to see our buildings, they had seen everybody else's, and just didn't really seem to care. Because the one guy has done construction there were from Puerto Rico. And the one guy had done a lot of construction and things like that and talked about how he liked their the work here and all of that good stuff. And the other guy pretty much was whatever this guy says, you know, because that's his main man. I guess it seemed like they work local. The other the other family? I'm not really sure. To be honest. They were so like, I like this. This is doable. Let's just do it now.

Speaker 3  08:09
They didn't really, you know, mess around a whole lot. It was just one of those easy, kind of easy sales.

Speaker 2  08:17
And when she said yeah, let's go ahead and do it. I was like, Oh, yay.

Speaker 1  08:24
So that one probably was just like, a WalMart customer as well. Probably we assume

Unknown Speaker  08:30
I yeah, I would assume or look at their local, you know, not too far away. So I would assume.

Speaker 1  08:39
Awesome. Now, that's this is great. Have a question on that review that somebody left yesterday? How did you approach him? Or did he do it on his own?

Speaker 2  08:50
Actually, I'm gonna be honest, I had nothing to do with that. It he that was one of the customers that I sold to last week. We were able to squeeze in his delivery because it was a lot building fairly quickly. And that was just communicating with Lindsay and Randall on trying to make it happen for them. We had it scheduled for last Friday, but with the rain that we had, it was just no way. And so they were able to work it in yesterday morning before and he ended up doing the review from whatever the deliver. They scan for the driver, I guess. And he was able to do it that way.

Speaker 1  09:31
Awesome. So it would have been like Randall delivers. And at that point after delivery, Randall would have offered it to her. Like hey, scan this and do this and that's how she would have left them

Speaker 2  09:41
right that yeah, that's how that's exactly how he did it. He said hey, would you mind to do a review? He was like, No, not at all. Did it real quick and simple. And that was it. Awesome. I don't know. I'm not 100% exactly how it went. works on his hand, I just know that he's he is trying to push for those for whoever he delivers for if the customer is being

Unknown Speaker  10:10
willing. You know, that's really good.

Unknown Speaker  10:16
That's,

Speaker 2  10:17
that's kind of how I knew that was going down. And he called me I got a I got a text about and I was like, Ooh, yeah, you know, but I was busy, so I didn't really have time to fool with it. And then he calls me and I said, Randall, I'm busy. I don't have time. Like, I'll call you back, you know. And he said, Hey, wait, give me five minutes, that guy left your review. I've seen it, I'll call you back. So it was it yesterday was a very busy, crazy day. And when I was ready to leave, I was ready to leave,

Unknown Speaker  10:49
I'm tired.

Speaker 2  10:52
But I have, I will say, I have one more customer from yesterday. She told me she was coming back today with money. So we will see. Awesome, I'm hoping to finish that today. And I spoke to, I've got two more kind of on the hook, we'll see

Unknown Speaker  11:14
have been for a pretty good week.

Speaker 4  11:19
Two ideas out of that. One leg, it might be interesting to do some do a video of kind of approaching the locations or something around the actual physical location. And especially in Facebook, and Instagram, if we can get some very localized targeting in that area. For those locations. It seems like recognizing the place and people being in proximity is is a significant driver for local people. The other thing that's an interesting takeaway for me is the color match. Selling on vinyl? And one question I had on that in the past, at times we've sent out paint samples. For especially for all my investments, is it something that we're open to doing on a regular basis? Equally? How much? How little do you want to see that happen?

Speaker 1  12:18
If there's anybody that wants to see actual samples, you know, absolutely I can, I can send this out, I have actual vinyl samples, like an actual physical thing. And shingles, it's a little bit more difficult because it's custom paint chips, and we don't have those as readily available. But the vinyl and the shingle, I keep in stock all the time and the metal, like actual samples of it. You have so many paint samples, like 20 different options that are new, we'd have to manually manually actually paint chips for all of those. But if it becomes an issue we can we can absolutely do something that

Speaker 4  13:10
the reason I don't know how much more of it we'd actually end up doing. The reason I'm asking is the color matching then becomes the selling point on vinyl and tape. And if we're actually willing to work with them during some type of match, including physical samples, that value add adding to marking

Unknown Speaker  13:33
we can absolutely do that.

Speaker 4  13:38
Then observation number three on this was interesting that I mean, this is a use case for a shed that I haven't heard so far. And I've been here for years and years. But the idea of taking a playhouse and saying no, it's gonna be hard to classrooms are a daughter. It's not a it's not a man game. It's not like she shattered the kids back area. I think that's that's great. And ginger, if there's any way that you can get pictures of that after, if there's an easy way to get pictures from the customer after we got it set up and got some crap stuff set up. I think that would be another fantastic marketing piece. People really resonate with those types of emotional client types.

Speaker 2  14:30
Yeah, yes, she actually so when they left, I actually asked them I said, Hey, I said, I would like to see a picture of this when it's all said and done if you guys don't mind and she was like, Oh, yes, she's like, that'd be great. Blah, blah, blah. So I'll try to stay on top of that when it's ready. Usually Randall is pretty good about sending me pictures when needed for like the deliveries because I tried to take those and post them Like on Facebook and things like that have happy customers people like to see that. So I try to post different things like that as I can. That is one thing I like working with Randall is because he listens and does what I ask. So

Speaker 4  15:19
amazing. I think I said this often I'll keep repeating it tying closing the loop between marketing sales and logistics. And keeping tight integration, there is a really, really positive thing. There can be a really good feedback loop that comes out of that. And so I'm excited.

Speaker 2  15:40
It's like it can be a little it can be a little chaotic On the homefront. But other than that, it works great. It gets mad at me sometimes but he gets over

Speaker 4  15:55
him good listen, Tori, the one of the people have on my agenda. We're going to talk briefly about Lex scard promo coming up next month. But Mr. Tory, do you guys have any anything you want to discuss with?

Unknown Speaker  16:10
Matthias I can barely hear you. I'm sorry.

Unknown Speaker  16:13
I heard her name. But I didn't hear the question. Sorry. Let me try one thing here

Unknown Speaker  16:31
don't know any better. I can hear you. I just have to put

Unknown Speaker  16:41
the phone close to my ear. I

Speaker 4  16:44
need to figure out my head. So I'll just Mercer toys you guys have any questions. today. I'd like to talk about let's go just a little bit as well. But if you guys have questions.

Unknown Speaker  17:02
I don't have any. The Marissa.

Unknown Speaker  17:05
I do not know no question.

Speaker 4  17:07
Okay, okay. So the big question I got on let's start. It's a friendly next month. And I'm just curious to hear what's the biggest objection to people getting registered?

Speaker 2  17:22
If it's a smaller bill, and they seem to be okay with it, but the larger it goes, of course, the higher the prices. And so at that point, they're like, I don't need that.

Speaker 3  17:33
Yeah, the key objection there, it's like a luxury item to spend. And so many people are just looking at their building in such a practical light that they're not as eager to pursue the lesson.

Speaker 2  17:45
Yeah, they like it. They think it's great, but they for the money that they could save. Especially if it's a larger building. They're like no, I can save that $1,000

Speaker 3  17:56
I don't need that and if it's a smaller building conversations I've had with folks that said Well, I'm not planning on working in here like a workshop I'm just storing the they don't I don't think they think they'll have the traffic in and out of the building to

Speaker 5  18:15
Yeah, when I do get objections I hear the same but I also have like four sales with look scarred. So yeah.

Speaker 2  18:22
Well, exactly. It's very hit and miss and I think it really just depends on the size of the building and the customer itself. And it's hard to pinpoint what when one will take it and when one won't.

Speaker 4  18:41
Do you guys no GS? I've seen many instances of what made people say yesterday.

Unknown Speaker  18:48
Oh, just cuz I like it. I mean,

Unknown Speaker  18:51
I think it's a great feature.

Unknown Speaker  18:55
Right? Oh, go ahead, ginger.

Speaker 2  18:59
As I stated the building won't smell or had stains in their wood. That's how I try to sell it in the fact that the walls are built on top of it. People are like, Oh, so it's not gonna like peel up or like no, it's gonna stay put.

Speaker 5  19:17
Yeah, those people that add it looks gar they were interested in like, the longevity, you know how long they're building what lasts and they were using it as garages so they were thinking about the spills and all of that. Or somebody was using it as a workout room. So, you know, sweat and everything like that. Thinking of those things.

Speaker 1  19:42
interested? Kelvin and Marcus from Virginia. What are some what are people seeing in Virginia as for objections, and also on the opposite side, from wise, are people actually purchasing when you do so

Unknown Speaker  20:00
didn't told me the markets are out today. It's Wednesday.

Unknown Speaker  20:04
Oh, you're right. You're right. You're right. I'm sorry.

Speaker 4  20:07
So it would be a good question to bring back, bring back to them tomorrow and see what we got.

Speaker 3  20:14
I wondering if it would be beneficial to bundle it with a garage door, because it seems like it's built mostly on a garage. And that's just, you know, a little bit pulling from observation stories of buildings that have sold. And also just the use case, like the rolling a lawnmower, a car, anything that's going to trigger oil, or gas like, that is a benefit. I unfortunately, or not, unfortunately, but just factually have had more people looking at like tiny home designs, not using it for vehicles, for storage more for people, or office spaces or something. So it's been less attracted to them because they're pursuing putting down like, vinyl flooring or something that's more residential.

Speaker 3  21:01
Maybe the way to sell it better would be or just say a pitch in selling it would be, you know, with a garage door. And especially in a garage versus building a third party that is no discount or something like that was like teasing it into the garage sale.

Speaker 1  21:25
What's the one of the type of people I found that seemingly are the right type of people for this product, are like the people that like to have everything really nice, neat, tidy, clean, like that type of person. Recently, we had one walk into one of our buildings, and they were Price Shopper. And they were pretty dead, dead serious about price shopping. He walked this man and his wife walk into this building. Excuse me, but random. It had lots garden at the open the door, the wife walks in and on and says, Wow, this is what I want. And I'm willing to pay for this. And it was like, wow, it was an image to me that there are certain people out there that it just resonates for him. It's seamless. It's waterproof, it looks nice. And you can keep it clean. And even the Price Shopper in that point sometimes has certain things that bring enough value to them that they're willing to pay. And then of course, there's others as well that say, I don't care.

Unknown Speaker  22:39
But

Speaker 1  22:41
it seems like that the right person is the one that sort of just clicks.

Speaker 2  22:48
Yeah, I can agree with that. Most people that walk in and see it, they're like, oh, man, I

Speaker 3  22:52
really liked it. You know, they do like that. We were talking about samples earlier, Michael, I know I have samples here at home of the different scoring materials, thicknesses, is there a potential that looks like could be distributed as a sample than a small block? Nail, no bit of a stretch for your products like that. But curious

Speaker 1  23:22
I could do that, we would just have to create some samples to physically send out but absolutely possible. And if you have customers interested in that, then obviously we have literature as well, specifically pictures that talk about all the benefits and stuff we can send out as well. But if somebody actually wants an physical sample of it, we absolutely can accommodate and we'd love to test that. Maybe they'll strike out on a couple customers, let's send them actual samples and see if it resonates and it helps them connect to it. And if we start making sales through that ads, literally let's push that. So I would say let's test it. Let's do a couple.

Unknown Speaker  24:06
Yeah. That'd be kind of cool.

Speaker 4  24:11
Mike, would you mind if I send an email telling people to to reply back to us with their address asked for one super simple. Sure. There are limits

Speaker 1  24:24
to what that would do. Would you say? It would also give us the they would also give us an opportunity to do some, some random. Like mail out test to see how much see if it brings like a close rate on those customers receiving those see if the close rate increases to receive like actual things in the mail. I would probably include other things in as well. Physical samples if they're the type that way likes to see something visit quickly. And then I would probably slide some other things in there as a test to see if it helps them connect to some of our other unique products. But I mean, I'm tomorrow planning to send out this thing to Ginger's neighborhood, I got 17 of them. And I just put a bunch of different things together nice and neat. In a truepoint folder, and I'm curious to see if the response on that is, so maybe we'll learn from

Speaker 4  25:31
the other thing that I liked gives people a reason to raise their hand and say, Well, maybe I'm interested in like, scarred, good hope. They didn't have to the team know where to focus their efforts on, on who might be a good candidate to.

Speaker 3  25:53
Get that call to action. My clients are very critical. I think in those notes, when we asked of them kind of talked about this a bit yesterday was getting some mentorship from Ginger, Marcus and Kelvin on how they go about kind of instigating a action response early on to determine someone's interests. I think that's a really good idea of realize something back that we know that you're not just scrolling through your phone, you're filling out forms.

Speaker 4  26:28
And then Michael Gmail was the web scraper specifically meant for like scar tissues or the notion or your naked place I can find.

Speaker 1  26:39
You you're seeing our brochures? Yeah. Well, we just have some actual printed material that we keep on hand for all of our brick and mortar store for people to hand out if people want. So I have those printed materials I'm sending out. Now those are not specifically

Speaker 4  26:56
like in digital version. Can you? Can you just email me a copy second? Yeah, absolutely. Sure, let

Speaker 1  27:08
me write this down. You're talking about the locks guard specifically? Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  27:14
Absolutely. I'll do that.

Speaker 3  27:22
About when it comes to the emails, are we considering in the future at any point in time, adding images to these auto responder? Marketing, taking emails to grab the attention? In addition to the text? I know, we've talked about that in the past about how it can flag email and send it to fans. But I think it might be interesting, if we haven't already tested with some more images in Gmail, where that?

Speaker 4  27:56
Yeah, I mean, I think it's it's worth the consideration, the easiest place to tighten would be into the monthly printers.

Speaker 3  28:05
Yeah, for sure. For sure. Easy, and I would imagine pretty measurable, as far as deliverability. Right, because we have reporting on whether an email is opened or delivered.

Speaker 4  28:23
Yes. Well, yes. I mean, somewhat accurate reporting. Sure, sure. The other thing that I would actually also be interested in is digging through some of the product demonstration videos. And maybe we should actually build some of the campaign around that. And then what we can do with that is we can put the image the video thumbnail as an image with the play button and have it have it be a link for them to pull up the video. And that's a much more sure way to track as far as who clicks it through desert.

Speaker 3  28:57
Right? You're referring to you guys making videos where are the videos that that you're referring to?

Speaker 4  29:08
I had to check the check. I was thinking there's some in the in the pixio account, but I know Brent Barry put together some demonstration videos and looks good, but I'm not sure exactly.

Unknown Speaker  29:23
That'd be awesome.

Speaker 3  29:26
Yeah, for sure. Because truepoint has a YouTube channel or embedded videos

Unknown Speaker  29:34
or video No, I don't believe so. Thinking that.

Speaker 3  29:46
Well, I'm thinking of them as a way to get someone to go down the rabbit hole. So if you upload your videos to YouTube, and then you're also embedding them into the campaign email, when they click on it, it takes them to your YouTube channel and then they have a separate As content to look at that, just to get them more engaged with the true point, content that's on the web.

Speaker 4  30:10
Yeah. They will get to that and what that might look like. Yeah. Good. That's

Speaker 1  30:25
Matthias. I sent you a copy of that printed material that we have you email Marissa and Toria. Did as well ginger and have some physical. That's just a little one sheet or on a hard stock like card material that we have that we hand out to people that show interest in that just talks about sort of the three basic bullet points, parents protection against moisture, durability. And then as you'll see in the picture, we purposely brought the mower in with wet tires, and creates a discussion point of that water runs off of those tires as you come in, and pools on the floor. And anything coming in on your floor that has tires, and the motor, you're going to typically bring in dirt, moisture, and oil. So think about that all that water drains off, you're tired, if that's wood, what's going to happen, it's going to it's going to absorb it now you have two things, what three things it weakens the wood one creates a stain to and creates a smell. Typically, if you know you keep observing the wood keeps absorbing water, you know, it's it generates some smell over time. And last it it dings your reason why your shed so there you are. It's one of the basics that a 10 year old can look at and sort of understand.

Speaker 4  32:28
Good, that's very helpful to my ends in those. We wrap up. Good here. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  32:42
Appreciate it.

Unknown Speaker  32:43
You're ready. Thank you. All right. Take care.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai