Matthias Miller  00:23
Is your Monday

Speaker 1  00:29
What's that? What's your Monday it's pretty good pretty typical Monday I would say about your old

Matthias Miller  00:44
you got almost a foot of snow over the weekend.

Unknown Speaker  00:48
Oh wow and so yeah

Speaker 1  00:54
meanwhile I was mowing the yard on Saturday in shorts and T shirt because it was at college degrees not typical for Virginia but I wasn't complaining

Matthias Miller  01:05
about it no kidding sounds like a win for sure yeah we had I mean we had ATS in yeah almost a week ago Wow

Unknown Speaker  01:51
mark with us

Matthias Miller  02:43
questions all first of all is going to be joining us today

Speaker 2  02:47
no I don't think so. I tried calling him a little bit ago but

Matthias Miller  03:00
all right Josh has updates for SDI buildings. Can you remind me again a little bit what what

Unknown Speaker  03:13
that was

Unknown Speaker  03:18
that was something was

Speaker 2  03:26
basically when he sees them I forget the exact details but for all sta buildings way that the ones we're building post six for every Monday like today it would invoice for all buildings build the 20th from the 23rd to the 27th But look at what was built last week for Jess right invoice those that's all working correctly and it was the other buildings that we have on there lots basic loan consignment and after once they sell they pay and the way we know about find out about those is put them on a list what we call our builder payment and every Thursday Thursday morning at seven they will comprehensive list to assist. An assist says oh okay, I see you sold those you're paying for those and then who's going to

Unknown Speaker  04:42
invoice them as of that day that are detailed somewhere I had some details I'm just to where I have them

Speaker 2  04:59
he was going to be Some changes to reflect that. And I think he said he could do a File drop. We talk Wednesday, he said he could possibly do it Thursday, but then I thought it was going to happen over the weekend. So to see if.

Matthias Miller  05:29
I mean, I do see some changes related to SDI buildings. But I don't think I'm familiar enough with the nuance to be able to give you a good we were not setting the we were not setting the delivery date. Yes, there was a change. Without the builder invoice, we were not saying the building delivery date for SDI buildings after June 5. And now it appears that we should be is that

Speaker 2  06:12
while it was four buildings built before June 5, is, I think what he'd been doing for four buildings build after June 5 was correct. But he was going to make a change for buildings built or then.

Matthias Miller  06:27
But bottom line is you talk to him about it. I'm not close enough to wrap my head around. Around everything that's going on here. Okay, I think that'd be best so

Matthias Miller  06:53
All right, so

Matthias Miller  07:04
So write offs we are, make sure I've got kind of my list of targets updated of what what were things that we were hoping to have done by now that we didn't. So write offs. We are planning to have this done by this Friday.

Matthias Miller  07:37
Including the mapping mapping stuff I won't be able to get in yet tonight. So we can start adding mapping. We're gonna have to, we broke some things with filters over the weekend. And so we're probably gonna have to push an update tonight. So we might actually need a map again, by then the creating and modifying right house, we had talked about that. And this is not

Speaker 2  08:03
this is not anything new. I was just mainly based on the schedule.

Matthias Miller  08:12
It might actually be done. Well, let's, what if we actually did this, there's about six things competing for attention. Number one, recognizing stripe payments in our accounting impact. Number two payments for multiple sales orders. Number three sales order deposit process. Number four Cheque Printing, slash payment process, payment confirmation, number five write offs. And number six is the payroll changes.

Matthias Miller  08:45
It seems to me that the deposit process and the related accounting impact Okay, the right off the deposit process and strip kind of impact that those would be the the ones that are highest priority, but and those are also ones that are closest to done. But are there other things that you're seeing that are higher priority?

Unknown Speaker  09:20
That you said the right off deposit process? What was the list again?

Matthias Miller  09:29
The stripe payout payouts pushing straight payouts to accounting

Speaker 2  09:34
the you're talking about the ones they're they're you're talking about the ones the automatic ones where the the transaction is done within an assist and not where it's done in the shade app and then well, okay,

Matthias Miller  09:52
I mean, either. It is it really would be any stripe payout, whether it's done in the show At APRA, whether it's time says, but it's, it's creating those deposit entries.

Unknown Speaker  10:08
Okay, so So Right.

Matthias Miller  10:12
And then write offs having write offs impact accounting correctly, and then the deposit process

Speaker 2  10:34
so you're saying from, from what you can see those are the should be the top three, the others are all led them some time. But, but and you're just you're asking the question, is that what we would prioritize as the most urgent as well? Correct?

Speaker 2  11:03
It? Yeah, it is. I mean, I like those three. How much time on those three? Are we think, is it going to be? A couple days? A week?

Matthias Miller  11:18
Yeah, I'm thinking couple days.

Speaker 2  11:22
Yeah, I think that would be correct. And then I think the big printing ACH payout, like paying wires is like the next thing. next most important thing.

Matthias Miller  11:43
And you would put that before the payroll changes?

Unknown Speaker  11:46
I would Yeah.

Matthias Miller  11:50
Good to know. is seen as not allowing you to change the due date

Unknown Speaker  12:02
this way

Unknown Speaker  12:13
now that's why it's been subtasks maybe.

Unknown Speaker  12:27
Right, this is

Matthias Miller  12:32
there we go. And then we'd have check printing

Unknown Speaker  12:42
and then.

Matthias Miller  12:55
paying vendors, I think I've got most of what I need to put together mock up a report. I think next steps on number three are Mach number report for

Matthias Miller  13:11
for what drew needs to see. I mean, that would that would be the next step, which would be aiming to get done by this week.

Speaker 2  13:22
But probably not by by Wednesday, at one o'clock, which

Matthias Miller  13:28
there's a slight chance we're not quite ready to. I might give it a 5050 chance, but I'm not quite ready. They're asking 100%.

Speaker 2  13:41
For we covered that already. So there's

Matthias Miller  13:51
five and, and deposit undeposited funds report. I mean, this is effectively the deposit process will effectively give us a deposit of

Speaker 2  14:03
this. Yeah. Perfect. Yeah, that's a great

Matthias Miller  14:09
we can we can tweet that then based on what you think from that. The deposit process is partially complete. I've got the deposit records, I don't have a pushing into the kind of impact I've got them liking sales orders.

Unknown Speaker  14:28
So that's kind of

Matthias Miller  14:30
where that's at, but we'd be able to walk through should be able to walk through at least at least parts of that by Wednesday.

Speaker 2  14:41
Okay, parts of the deposit process Correct.

Speaker 2  14:52
There's one other thing that that I have that I think it's all I think it's a Josh Need to work with Josh, but which is? Well, I guess first of all make sure we're done here before we move on to something else,

Matthias Miller  15:12
I think.

Speaker 2  15:16
So, the one thing that we're running into is billings coming out of finished goods not coming out of finished goods inventory when they were supposed to ship Drake Billings. I sent Josh a note on that. And I'll work with him on that. But then also, I had mistakenly thought that through this testing phase, all the while, that when we're rubber stamping buildings as invoiced every day, that they're not necessarily coming out of finished goods inventory. But my understanding is they are like whatever was on the list today,

Unknown Speaker  15:54
by default just comes out of finished goods inventory. And so well, first question that, that that is correct, right, the rubber stamping is moving any and all buildings out of ACC inventory that are that would be the finished goods inventory, and are on that list currently?

Matthias Miller  16:21
I am Yes, it is.

Speaker 2  16:28
Okay, and especially with the early reports, there were we hadn't modelled pieces and parts correctly. And we're going to have a bunch of cleanup to do. So. Step one, what I'm hoping to do is go live with that process, hopefully this week yet. So that, hopefully we okay, it's kind of a balancing act one, it has to be accurate enough that we can act or it has to be close enough to what's actually happening so that we can start using it. Which I want to do as good as possible. I don't want to by doing that, it'll stop automatically marking buildings that couldn't be coming out of finished goods inventory. So we're going to have a bunch of cleanup on our finished goods inventory, because right now, well, for two different reasons that the ones I'm working with Josh on where were some reason he says reg buildings were not moving out of finished goods inventory, and some of them as they should have. And then out through the rubber stamping process, we'll have to go through and do a bunch of cleanup work and say, Oh, no, no, this building should not have come out of finished goods inventory actually needs to go back in make so that our finished goods inventory is

Speaker 2  17:48
is accurate. Mike, my only question to you is do I work with Josh? On all of that, or should you be involved as well? When we you know that?

Matthias Miller  18:09
I don't know if it really matters just a ton.

Matthias Miller  18:21
Think

Speaker 2  18:22
you? I mean, the mean it's okay. The SDI buildings? I think I need to I think that's kind of a separate issue, though. The ones that suddenly stopped moving out of finished goods inventory. I think I need to work with Josh on that. But the others

Unknown Speaker  18:48
Yeah, who should I work with on? Go to clean those up?

Matthias Miller  18:55
It's probably just as likely me as it is him? Oh, all we really need to do to clean those up is clear the the sales order invoicing date. And if you I mean, you could actually work with Dwayne's office on that as you want it to whoever is going to be taking over that process, send over the list of sales order IDs that you want to put back into finished goods inventory, and that would clear the invoicing date for those sales orders. It's as simple as that now if there's more diagnostics than more things deeper than we need to dig and that's a separate conversation.

Speaker 2  19:34
Well, no, I think that makes sense. The only I think where it could be helpful to have you involved in hopefully I will have time to look at that before Wednesday. But what could be helpful to have you involved would be oh, let's let's create custom reports. To help us figure out what to clean up. If it's just a one by one we go through and decide where they need to go. then that would be a good point. Dwayne's office would be capable of doing that. So I will plan to work with them on that and let you know if I need anything more and I'll work with Josh on that SDI finished goods inventory

Speaker 1  20:23
good. Okay.

Speaker 2  20:30
So that think that is all I have you have anything more for me?

Unknown Speaker  20:39
Oh, I don't think so.

Speaker 1  20:46
Okay. Well,

Speaker 2  20:52
then we'll keep keep it short today and go back to the work.

Matthias Miller  21:01
Sounds good. Well, I think we can both utilize that. So yeah, I will keep knocking this stuff out and we'll talk Wednesday, if not before. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  21:15
that sounds good.

Matthias Miller  21:17
Awesome. We should.

Unknown Speaker  21:20
Yep. Thanks for that. Thanks.

Matthias Miller  21:22
You bet.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai