Unknown Speaker  01:02
Got a one to one going on? It's all Hey

Matthias Miller  01:24
are you able to hear me?

Speaker 1  01:25
Yes. Yeah. And can you hear me?

Matthias Miller  01:29
That's why that matters.

Speaker 1  01:31
Oh that's odd I'm registering sound from my mind

Speaker 1  01:57
so yeah, I can hear you I'm testing testing Audra. Can you hear me? I can hear you Yeah, okay Matthias is not able to hear me

Matthias Miller  02:11
okay oh maybe it's maybe it's me It's okay I'm to blame

Speaker 1  02:25
sorry it's nice to have people in multiple directions to

Matthias Miller  02:38
exactly well, I don't know what else is thinking I think he's through another category issue his way

Unknown Speaker  02:49
so Oh fun

Matthias Miller  02:53
weird crash in EBS missing field one on a look at record so we're I think looking staging

Speaker 1  03:01
dev well that's encouraging at least

Matthias Miller  03:07
yeah

Matthias Miller  03:14
Josh I'm not sure

Speaker 1  03:18
I'm gonna log back in with my computer here in a second to so I can hopefully in case I need to share anything at least I'm on my phone right at the moment

Matthias Miller  03:31
while you do that I'm gonna pull up tools report and we'll work through that I think see reconcile process I just realized that's not what I wanted to do that is waiting on waiting on a response from me on something I saw

Speaker 1  03:57
oh maybe waiting maybe went ahead and I think I went ahead and said hey, I can back this out if necessary, but I don't remember what yes she was

Matthias Miller  04:23
loose starting and ending balance from top pain I think is reasonable. And they also said the the running sum really doesn't matter. And I would agree.

Speaker 1  04:39
And yes, so it was in the process of removing that I said, Hey, you know, do actually need the, the starting and ending in the top pane. So, um, if we're good with with those changes, then I think it's ready to go. Okay.

Matthias Miller  05:14
You just doing the updates? I'm not sure about that.

Unknown Speaker  05:19
Sorry.

Matthias Miller  05:21
Let me let me pull this. Let's just let me just do this and we can talk through it, but also have written record along along the way as we go. So

Speaker 1  05:42
if my bobbing back and forth becomes distracting, let me know. I'm on my desk cycle.

Matthias Miller  05:56
Sounds good. Starting and ending balance information is inclusion of since you included here. Nice. Okay. I think this is

Unknown Speaker  06:11
what are we looking at? At the footnotes

Matthias Miller  06:13
that you've indicated?

Unknown Speaker  06:15
Oh, sure. Sure. Sure. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  06:22
I think this is my vote hold off until they request it.

Unknown Speaker  06:31
Okay, I'm sorry. I'm

Matthias Miller  06:33
Oh, oh, you're having trouble seeing my screen? Because I tried to drag it in here. And it didn't work. Ah,

Unknown Speaker  06:39
brilliant.

Matthias Miller  06:44
One click OK. And I think Zh would, you know, bottom line, the CH needs this. And I don't know what happens with if this the CH is really the one option for adoption? Well, I guess effects lamb and cch probably would be this is a little weird, but we could publish it well, however you want to do it. If if we could add it to the Z ch menu. Or just add it overall and say, Look, this is where we're switching to or just adding?

Speaker 1  07:30
Yeah. You know, unless Well, I think it's an improvement for code crafters internal stuff, too. So unless lamb

Unknown Speaker  07:46
really does not like it for some reason, then. I think it'd be fair to just make it standard.

Matthias Miller  07:56
I would kind of feel sorry for lamb if they actually preferred the old one. But

Speaker 1  08:00
I yeah, that was it. Always felt just like sort of a stop gap. Thing.

Matthias Miller  08:13
Makes sense. Okay, so did those changes. Were those live before the weekend?

Unknown Speaker  08:21
I'm trying to remember what happened.

Unknown Speaker  08:22
Well, the man hang on it.

Unknown Speaker  08:24
When did I send that email?

Matthias Miller  08:27
You sent that? October 27. Yeah. Three 3pm.

Speaker 1  08:35
Okay. I suspect they're there.

Matthias Miller  08:43
Okay, so then the only thing we have is the deletion issue.

Speaker 1  08:48
Oh, yeah. I don't think that should be a huge thing, but I have not gotten it done yet.

Matthias Miller  08:57
So this is like I don't know where we're at. But it's something like maybe seven or higher.

Speaker 1  09:08
Okay, there's a signal conversation going on. Matthias is on me and Audra right now to which anyone would be welcome.

Matthias Miller  09:21
Oh yeah, let me let them in

Speaker 1  09:33
screen sharing didn't help Ah. Oh, yeah.

Matthias Miller  09:37
Yeah, just to keep you guys in the waiting room for a while.

Unknown Speaker  09:42
I feel very waited

Unknown Speaker  09:44
Yeah. Reasons You do that sometimes. That's totally fine.

Matthias Miller  09:52
I can give you the recording if you guys want to blue for the reason why you guys were there. My resume Okay.

Matthias Miller  10:03
Okay, so Alright, so cash flow statement we actually said this one is closer to December 31 I think, or is that right? Or did you want to think that was or sorry what's up? Yeah, I can change that to December 31 Is what you're thinking. I just changed it so I didn't know if you should be driving this thing. No, that's perfect. Asset Management revisions.

Unknown Speaker  10:38
That's just grouping

Matthias Miller  10:41
is there anything left besides grouping Oh, there's this void transaction thing that's in here. Oh shoot

Speaker 1  10:55
I'm not sure let me actually is I left blank

Matthias Miller  11:09
may have been some additional Oh hey, look, we can actually take a look okay. Super job for this so this is still waiting on

Unknown Speaker  11:19
this guy here we go. Yeah

Unknown Speaker  11:26
I sent an email and have not heard back

Unknown Speaker  11:34
Okay, well I'll pursue that

Matthias Miller  11:46
I think that custom morning should be December 15. Given everything else. Okay, better section should be. What?

Unknown Speaker  11:59
Yeah, yeah, there's

Unknown Speaker  12:02
another member. Can we do it November 15. Shoot for them?

Speaker 1  12:06
Yeah. Yeah. On which one? intersections of intersections that intersections? Yeah. I mean, aside from testing and whatever. I think I actually have that done other than percentages, the percentage columns so

Unknown Speaker  12:26
no, custom Is this a custom report for them?

Speaker 1  12:31
It's currently custom although I would be fairly interested actually in in looking at what it takes to generalize it because I think a lot of it is fairly standard

Matthias Miller  12:55
Yeah, I mean, the main question would be I mean, you could even again for for myself for internal purposes probably the biggest stakeholders land but even if you wanted to you could have most of this stuff be controlled by ask prompts and if they wanted default us to push defaults in the system switches or app hosting settings to you know, income statement should I don't even know that that matters. But yeah all right. So what did transactions included in search for amount this one is

Unknown Speaker  13:38
we're just last year that right?

Matthias Miller  13:39
Yeah, this is the last remaining piece on we actually take a look at this. I am going to LET'S DO THIS close this out

Matthias Miller  13:57
which will allow us to say that asset management revisions are actually well they're in that would now be in adoption.

Speaker 1  14:12
Cool. Okay. Are the asset groups where does that fall? Oh, there that is done.

Matthias Miller  14:27
Oh, okay.

Unknown Speaker  14:29
That was coded or the weekend

Matthias Miller  14:42
all right.

Speaker 1  14:43
I think I marked that done. Sorry, I didn't know if I supposed to be driving this.

Matthias Miller  14:49
That should be the asset group should be in adoption or whatever. Yeah. Okay. Need to make sure that drew and Mark are aware of that. And okay. Gotcha. Contested Good

Matthias Miller  15:12
so any anything else that you need? Joe from your standpoint? I think that covers fine. Yeah,

Speaker 1  15:18
um should we address one quick question on the income statements or just okay. This back talked about breaking out sub subtypes and subtotals. I think there was some ambiguity at one point, but basically, I interpreted it as under each of the main sections revenue, cogs, total operational expenses, non operational, then show a section, unless there's a subtype name, unless there's only one subtype and that duplicates the name of the main section. Breakout subtypes each into its own subtotal section and show one for no subtype if if appropriate. Does that ring true?

Matthias Miller  16:27
I think that's fair. No, not sure what other applications that are not thinking about our but

Speaker 1  16:39
okay, well, we can if that doesn't instantly throw off. No, that's not what we meant then we can and deliver and get their feedback.

Matthias Miller  16:56
What about when the subtype is blank? I mean, I think you could almost make the argument that if you want to show subtype you should always show subtypes that you can differentiate between whether it's blank or whether it matches the parent type

Speaker 1  17:15
ah you don't want though Okay. Under the current structure, if you have some what Sander well yeah, if you have some cogs items

Unknown Speaker  17:42
oh nothing no sorry.

Speaker 1  17:54
If you have some accounts under cogs with then we will show we will break out subtypes if we have more than one subtype including blank as a subtype. So if you have only Coggs subtypes, or show that that section collapsed if you have some with no subtype specified and some with a Coggs subtype specified we will break it out into two separate sub sections

Unknown Speaker  18:39
right

Matthias Miller  18:58
don't know if I have all the implications every possible scenario but I trust your judgment on this stuff.

Speaker 1  19:09
It's more than provide feedback as appropriate. Cool.

Matthias Miller  19:21
Job, Josh mean. Okay. So, so big, big pieces on my list are wrapping up AR hopefully in this next week or two. We've been handling write offs. Right off accounting impacts when a push stripe accounting impact got a deposit process mostly down, done, going to clone most of that for a payment of multiple sales orders thing. workflow for Cheque Printing as well. She was going to involve creating an assist check record that translates into a template that then gets printed off and hopefully that workflow won't be too cumbersome. Payroll has been reduced just to payroll do reports So, bottom line is most of my next available time for them in the next week or two is going to be devoted to wrapping up AR and do doing just a little bit of stuff on the AP side. I think at some point we're going to went over Josh and anybody but, Josh, I think perhaps at some point, we're gonna want to have some kind of reconciliation or discrepancy report that says, Warning, these stripe fees are not associated with any sales order. Here is trouble. But I view this as somebody is going to catch it somewhere along the line, there reconciling the bank statement or something, it's just a matter of bubbling it up to the surface earlier rather than later and reducing their troubleshooting timeframe, I think.

Matthias Miller  20:51
So I think we're actually Yeah, so I think we're getting I think the write off stuff is done. There were some weird situations they ran into? Well, I had to account for write offs, both pre and post invoicing, which doesn't really matter. But that's just rambling about miscellaneous, fun complexity. I did manage to completely destroy editing of an invoice sales orders. And so Josh, if you'd be open to taking a look at a revision that I committed, and making sure that you're mostly happy with it and pushing an update tonight, I think.

Unknown Speaker  21:33
I mean, do I need to do this and more than any of the other ones?

Matthias Miller  21:40
I don't know, Amy, I don't. I don't really think so.

Speaker 2  21:45
It's just an implicit statement that you believe that I reviewed revisions before I update the system to include them.

Matthias Miller  21:52
Now, this is more like, it makes me feel better when I change stuff in your code that theoretically has implications, but I don't really know that. You know, it's all formalities to make everybody feel better.

Speaker 2  22:05
So is this the original? Or is this the fix?

Matthias Miller  22:09
Is the fix? Okay. Basically, we're not handling the our prefix everywhere. Cognex dinner. So ID, or, you know, we're not recognizing it as invalid. So ID. So I think these are the locations. I suspect my typing for places where we do this is probably about as good as mine. But if there are things that come to mind for you that we should handle this.

Speaker 2  22:34
I mean, I'm assuming you tried to build a system where these existed and made sure that it works fine.

Matthias Miller  22:43
Works fine. How I mean,

Unknown Speaker  22:45
like, you can edit them?

Matthias Miller  22:50
I think I did. I should probably yes, I did. I was I was I was modifying modifying a putting right us in a sales order. It's not an invoice. But I'm not sure where else we have assumptions like this. I did poleward case matches on q and N in a space as a starting point.

Speaker 2  23:21
I mean, if you want I can do the I mean, you can schedule the update. And just all I do is check the box and the billing system and let it do its very thing. Like I wait, you want to wait till after five so that people can do stuff, but then they usually wait till six or eight Eastern. But like I can totally do it. But if you do it then you can. I guess what I'm trying to gently suggest is that we tested the live system after we've done the update to make sure that stuff is not broken.

Matthias Miller  23:56
That's fair, I can do that. I can carry off an update. And then is there is there a window by which at which point it's too late to run updates.

Speaker 2  24:06
No, no. I mean, there's a bunch of stuff that happens around midnight. Great 30 I would I would have a 30 Eastern I would start getting a little nervous. So it should be kicked off by 1030 Eastern sounds good good

Matthias Miller  24:33
all right. So then Josh, the main thing that I've got on my my list view is the whole process for daily manually entered transactions. The stripe ID which ties into the stripe ID is being completed talking

Speaker 2  24:54
about the first one battle Yeah, turret stuff. The incorrect stripe IDs being entered Weird. Oh, this is because they don't have number one they do number two that screwed up.

Matthias Miller  25:05
Yeah, they have like, yes, exactly is the thing I was talking to you about about? I don't know, just weird IDs that aren't. Okay. Yeah. The I'm going to add a macro to the payout that calculates the fee based on the sales order, I think we can use that for counting impact. Unless you've got a better way unless you want to start stopping the the fee on the the

Speaker 2  25:36
respective charge, I could totally stopped the fee. And it's no problem at all. If you the only tricky is you need to make sure that if it's refunded, you still calculate the fee, right? Because if they don't refund the fee,

Matthias Miller  25:49
well, the fee would be should be zero and refunds I would think.

Speaker 2  25:54
Well right. But usually, yeah. It just makes sense what I'm saying.

Matthias Miller  26:08
Yeah, it does make sense what you're saying. I mean, yeah, I think so. But I mean, does it make sense to you to have the fee be zero on refunds?

Unknown Speaker  26:17
Yeah. Well, or

Matthias Miller  26:19
MA? Yeah. Zero right now, I don't care which Yes. Yeah. You would want to add a field and populate that that would be?

Unknown Speaker  26:31
And you're talking about the sales order in the payments, Archie? Right. That's what

Matthias Miller  26:35
I was thinking. Okay, they want to drive these things off the payouts. and have it be off the payout date? I guess it doesn't really matter. Hang on, let me let me think this through

Matthias Miller  26:51
these should be dated based on the payout? I don't really care which I can either run the accounting impact this might actually be Oh, no, because what happens with payouts? Okay, I think I have to drive the accounting impact of stripe payouts to the pipe payout record. So that we can group them all together appropriately. But in order to do that, they want to expense out the fees at the time of payout. So I needed to look at a payout and be able to know what the fees were. What is the growth? What was the one of the gross charge mounts? And what were the fees associated with each item?

Speaker 2  27:40
Okay, I can try it. It's just weird because you like your, your payments aren't necessarily associated with the clock. So like you might have some stuff in there from three days ago, you might have a refund, that is is connected to another whatever. But if he doesn't work, right, because you don't have a few 100? I don't know. I mean, I could try to make it work. I just have more I can do. I'll see what I can do.

Matthias Miller  28:08
The other option is having an editable macro. Where are you on the payout? You look at the sales order ID and try to calculate the fee from the sales order ID. And just know that it's nothing for?

Speaker 2  28:20
Well, I think what the payout needs to look at. I mean, it obviously can't like a sales order, but also needs to look at other payouts. Right, because it might be a refund for another transaction that was already paid out. And now they're wanting the money back thank you very much or something.

Matthias Miller  28:45
But a refund will still be normally associated back to this sales

Speaker 2  28:48
order. It will have a transaction ID stamped in that matches sales order. But unlike the sales order, it does not have a row in the payments or G

Matthias Miller  29:01
are we going to want rows in the payments or G for refunds?

Unknown Speaker  29:06
You tell me I can definitely.

Matthias Miller  29:11
I would think I would think so I would think that if you if you refund something, then we should have a negative entry in the payments or G as of the date of the refund. Somehow, I'm not sure how,

Speaker 2  29:29
what do you want me to do when the if the sales order longer? I can't find a sales order. Give me quite like north or

Matthias Miller  29:42
it's like it's kind of I kind of think that falls into the realm of mean it seems seems to me. I think that falls into the realm of accounting process. It's not that dissimilar to somebody manually running a stripe charge. And somebody didn't tell ate out. And so why would you refund a fee? I mean, you're refunding a fee, it should exist sales order somewhere? And if not, then I think you just let them catch it in their monthly reconciliation for now. And maybe we should honor maybe we should talk to Mark at some point when he's not absolutely buried about? Well, I don't know. Or just let it surface naturally as they use the accounting system, I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  30:35
Well captures the thought, all right.

Matthias Miller  30:50
All right. And then she talked about vendor specific or company, this district company specific vendors, which maintained multiple contract types, I don't really know, I don't even so

Speaker 2  31:03
I've been modeling one vendor can be tied to multiple kinds of companies. But then Mark was talking Wednesday about they need one vendor per company. And I assume that was in a conversation with you. And so I'm trying to figure out what technical constraints do we have? Or design constraints around vendors and companies?

Matthias Miller  31:24
Well, currently, I mean, currently there I don't know that this is fully been fleshed out. The only thing I know is that he wants he wants account numbers to be able to vary from company to company, and so are from from accounting company, their accounting company, which raises the question how many settings on a vendor are actually sure you need for the vendor? And how many are unique to the kind of company that's paying that

Matthias Miller  31:57
if you want to go with the Go model reality, it's still the same vendor.

Speaker 2  32:05
Yeah, well, either brothers stuff is one vendor with an R g per like, with company plus, Default Payment Type. I don't particularly care in some ways, having different different records makes it easier on their spreadsheet thing they have cooked up, but I guess it felt like a significant design decision one way or another. I don't really care. But we'd love to think it through. So Allah we get the whole group here to do it. But should.

Matthias Miller  32:43
We can we can talk after we're done with everything else if we have time. And I think it may also be a thing to go back to Mark and ask him exactly what he's hoping to accomplish and what all needs will be affected? Sure.

Speaker 2  32:56
I'm, I'm currently like, I would be working on that stuff if I had an answer to that. So I'm perfectly happy to wait but that's blocking. Okay. I guess we I kind of feel like it's something that I posting in general ought to be concerned with because like it ties in to inventory management. Like for inventory management, in the intersection of inventory management plus accounting system. Do you want one vendor for each accounting company? Or do you want to have one vendor with an RG row of stuff?

Matthias Miller  33:33
Listen, George, you guys have opinions?

Speaker 2  33:37
I was trying to ask them to ask them to see if they're actually paying attention. Now they've heard their name the wakeup.

Unknown Speaker  33:43
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  33:45
Smart. Billing zfp. Right. Now if that tells you anything.

Unknown Speaker  33:57
My sense. No, I'm confidently ambivalent because I don't like duplication. But for most stuff. We've been saying well, okay, were pretty much creating, at least practically maybe not for security, but practically creating a firewall between companies. And so.

Speaker 1  34:34
So you change something in Company A, company B goes merrily on. So

Speaker 2  34:49
that matches reality though, right? Like if you have two separate accounting companies, they do have a separate Chart of Accounts.

Unknown Speaker  34:54
Yeah. Right.

Matthias Miller  34:57
So I had this

Speaker 2  34:59
very strict would like what a rule of thumb that you try to match reality, which I would argue in this case means you keep you keep that. Like, if there's I don't know. Sherwin Williams Well, there's gonna be three different Truman Williams companies for each of these, whatever but if it's, I don't know, Walmart, maybe it was the wrong example. But Walmart is the same company across whatever and the fact that you have different account numbers with the same company does actually match reality. But I don't feel strongly.

Matthias Miller  35:35
But we Serena Williams are saying Sherwin Williams of Millersburg Sherwin Williams have

Speaker 2  35:42
a bad example. But like there's one more there's franchises they're actually separate companies and you send the payments to a different place

Speaker 1  35:55
okay, but when you talk about modeling reality from within the context of this multi company, collection within there

Speaker 1  36:20
I initially thought you were arguing for chopping Walmart into three separate records, one per our accounting company, each of our accounting companies. But then,

Speaker 2  36:36
no, I'm saying in real life, Walmart is one company. Okay. And so the fact that it's one company and Well, ultimately accounting companies are paying one Walmart. Is there still one Walmart and so you got to have one Walmart record with an RG saying, for each accounting company, what's the what's the account? Number, but you still send the check to the same place. Yeah. But another way to say it, if

Speaker 3  37:02
you want to be a bit more dramatic, is imagine this as customer and the customer is. Bob Smith, if you don't like Bob Jones, and you you don't want to end up creating three Bob Smith's and say this one is for you. No. This one's for Bob Smith from Ohio division. This is Bob Smith for the other division and they anyway. So I think that's I think that is compelling. So another certified restated, I would say if the record exists within the accounting system proper, which is basic, well, we just basically Chart of Accounts. Chart of Accounts and accounts, then we clone, otherwise we don't clone. That's my attempt to solve the Bob Jones role.

Matthias Miller  38:02
So but then there's a practical issue, which is let's say that they get to the point where Whitney's working in North Carolina and Droon, Ohio and they go find Leo to work in Indiana. And Leo says, oh, Walmart like this is no longer the right thing to do here give any kind of stopgap that says, like, here are the accounting companies, this vendor is active in these accounting companies or something along those lines, so that people don't inadvertently make a change that narrow mindedly make a change for one company that may inadvertently impact others. Sure. Yeah. That's,

Unknown Speaker  38:43
that's fair.

Speaker 2  38:44
So I mean, it could that be as simple as a generic warning when modifying a a vendor that has data from multiple, multiple companies. If you're editing anything other than company specific stuff.

Speaker 3  39:00
Possibly assuming that you can even see it with restricted data. I don't know how that that is. I mean, we could have an unrestricted field that counts or I don't know.

Speaker 2  39:13
We don't do restrictions here. Do we in inventory management?

Speaker 3  39:18
On the accounting side, we do I don't know if it's enabled for them, but normally we do.

Speaker 2  39:23
Sure like, no, like, I'm just thinking it's in the inventory management side. It says either, do you have account numbers from multiple companies that's on this record? Everyone can see it? Or maybe you've had purchase orders associated with this company? Sure. Which maybe we should have more restricted data there but we don't sure

Speaker 2  40:01
Okay. Well, I feel less confident than I did when we started. Does anyone else have opinions? Should I just go do something? But are you the one that cares? Like, who cares? Who's the who's the design owner on this?

Speaker 3  40:20
I mean, are we really concerned about? I mean, how concerned are we actually? How concerned? Are we? Well, philosophically, there could be a problem here. Because these are all pretty tight knit company. I know they're separate, but they're all pretty tight knit. I mean.

Speaker 2  40:43
Like you're saying, we actually have a problem with with which?

Speaker 3  40:47
Well, I'm thinking, if, if Drew and Whitney both change it, they'll fight it out together, and it's gonna be okay. I don't need warnings and stuff like that.

Matthias Miller  40:59
Oh, well, I think the biggest question is, let's say LSD, you on have some kind of nightmare, and you wake up one morning, you decide to start a bookkeeping firm, and you decide to host them all in a single system. And now you're managing vendors for different companies. If this type of scenario, then forcing, forcing, cloning of vendors in some kind of way seems to be a reasonable route to go because functionally, the the companies are not interconnected. So if you're not worried about you having that kind of a nightmare, or client coming up with some kind of scenario in which they want to do that, then practically it probably doesn't matter that

Speaker 3  41:39
much. So is this is this vendor module? Truly generic? Part of the accounting system?

Unknown Speaker  41:45
It's part of inventory management,

Speaker 3  41:48
part of inventory management, got it? Got it. Okay, that changes my answer slightly, because I was thinking we're talking about zfp. Specific.

Speaker 2  42:00
Well, I mean, in practice, it is Yfp. Specific, but Right. But yes.

Speaker 2  42:12
I mean, so my, I've, I've at least up to my waist and apathy. I kind of feel like if, but by saying you combine some information, and you have one record for Walmart, you're at least leaving the door open. That's It's not saying you have to have one record for Walmart, you could have three records for Walmart, if you want to down the road, you're leaving design options open more than if you forced cloning.

Speaker 3  42:52
Well, Matthias, I guess back to your question on the bookkeeper thing? Well, I suspect how we would do it long term is some kind of setting that would say, kind of what we do with everything else. You we would we would create a use separate records per you separate vendor records for accounting companies switch or something. And it would embed the accounting company prefix in each vendor name or or s suffix or something like that. Probably suffix. So it would say the vendor name, it'd be Walmart, and then it would probably have a unique ID just make it unique, you know, the record number, lb 1375 hyphen, you know, I NS for insight and NC, something for North Carolina, whatever. So I think that the long term solution is, is having the option to clone them separately. i

Speaker 2  44:05
Yeah. So is there any any problem with putting them separately? I think the biggest the biggest concern is that they'll have stuff like remit payment to that they end up duplicating across three different companies with three different records.

Unknown Speaker  44:23
Is your inventory stuff tied to accounting companies today?

Unknown Speaker  44:31
We keep trying it more and more that direction.

Speaker 3  44:33
Yeah. I mean, I don't see a whole lot of risk forcing cloning. I mean, it's

Speaker 3  44:53
I don't know. I know. I mean, it's kind of what we're doing in other places. I'm not sure. I'm curious if we're actually going to end up doing with the, with the contacts and for clients, although, I mean, maybe we didn't actually long term for customers it's murky because we truly are using a combined database

Speaker 3  45:22
and we're not firing firewalling everything off across the board. So, I mean, for example, contacts are shared between companies. But I don't think it's a horrible idea to save vendors. Vendors are unique, unique to the company. I don't know. I wouldn't stake my reputation on it.

Matthias Miller  45:57
I think generally, another generalization that could be made is probably the accounting as a whole would be more comfortable saying, Sorry, you have to duplicate information for the sake of accuracy than we share information in sorry, it might get you in trouble sometimes.

Unknown Speaker  46:18
That's probably true.

Matthias Miller  46:33
Sounds like we're leaning towards duplication of vendors?

Unknown Speaker  46:37
I think so.

Speaker 2  46:41
Okay, okay. I have a nagging fair, bad feeling about it. Which is the same nagging bad feelings are similar, a bad feeling I have about combining them. So feel pretty good about this with?

Matthias Miller  47:00
Yeah, I mean, I think we're in this tension between do we want to think through the implications and choose the one that we're confident that's the right one? Or do we just want to go do something and fix it later? I think that's basically the trade off of what we're trying to do.

Speaker 3  47:18
Well, I think saying separate vendors is first is pretty defensible. They're the only client using multiple companies, and certainly the only client as multiple companies with inventory management. It's a simple model. It doesn't make me it doesn't add an RNG to people that only have inventory management without multiple companies.

Speaker 2  47:42
That's fair. I like to recommend keeping it simple. Okay.

Matthias Miller  47:47
What was easy?

Speaker 3  47:48
Okay, so I'm gonna charge that to see a fee and go back to three different solutions crashes right now so

Unknown Speaker  47:55
fantastic.

Speaker 3  47:59
I will not accept will already have I was gonna say, Well, I trouble you, but I will not trouble you with it verbally. So how's that

Matthias Miller  48:14
scheduled appointment for your post your kind of research crash therapist to work through the related fallout of Yeah,

Speaker 2  48:22
don't worry. It's been nagging me constantly. That's et. So

Matthias Miller  48:31
okay, good. Anything else? We good? Awesome. Good. Thanks, guys. Thank you. Very good.

Unknown Speaker  48:41
Thank you. Take care, guys.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai