Matthias Miller  00:01
Picky, picky. Sorry, yeah, huh. We had a goof with her, with her linking calendar, Zoom linking. It went sideways. So,

Speaker 1  00:10
yeah, normal, normal, normal day at the ranch. Well, if it's not this, it's being able to log into your own Zoom Room or whatever. So so cool. Yeah, I didn't know you did this. This is kind of a surprise I saw. When I saw this, I was like, what

Matthias Miller  00:30
full of surprises? Yeah,

Speaker 1  00:32
nice tree. Is that your real background out the window?

Matthias Miller  00:36
It is, it is real. It is not my usual office space. So this is my landing pad between another. I got another meeting in the area, and so I rented an office space that could make my schedule all work out. So

Speaker 1  00:51
my your please keep disconnecting. All right. I

Matthias Miller  01:05
Oh, all right, I can hear you now, good. I usually, I think this is pretty common within the Perry world, but usually, like people asking people if there's head office terminology that they they are happiest. What head office terminology is? Head Office good? Is there another term that you prefer?

Speaker 1  01:25
I don't have any preferred pronouns in this realm. I'm good.

Matthias Miller  01:29
I love it. That's awesome. All right. So that Alexa time, so sort of coming, coming before you hopped on. But one of the things that I felt for you, Robert was you've got, I felt like there's this thing that's stirring inside of you already, and it I forgot to look back over your email, because you you had sent an email with some context, like, like you would typically do. And I think I scanned it and and never went back to it, but I felt like there were some things that were that are stirring inside of you, and kind of this concern about how it's going to land with people around you, and I felt this invitation from head office to just lean in to this. And I kind of got this sense like it's actually it's actually less about not knowing where the next step is, and it's more about how do I protect the relationships of the people who are close to me while walking out this thing that that has been, I feel like, actually has been growing inside of you for multiple years, like, like, it's, it's, it's, it's its own thing, and You can see it like a 3d model, like you've spent enough time figuring it out that there's nodes and connections and all of these things tie together and it's and it's its own thing. But I

Unknown Speaker  03:20
uh, yeah.

Matthias Miller  03:25
And it was like, there's not this with this. It's not the there's not this, like, Bro energy around it, like, I'm gonna get go take this and just bulldoze. But it's this. I don't know there's such. I don't know how to describe this, Robert, what I'm getting is like, there's such, just this soft, gentle invitation of head office saying, I put this thing inside of you. I've been, I, and I feel like head office is actually like, just reminding you, like, I've, I've been, I've actually been directing your thoughts around this thing. And if you're willing to just walk this out and maintain connection with the people that it impacts, then you're going to find like, I'm going to make space for this, and they're going to make space for this. And yes, the worlds will have to reorient. But it's almost like some some things around you have to like,

Matthias Miller  04:38
like, the picture I'm getting is, I don't know how to describe this. The picture I'm getting is like, there's this, there's this, almost like this sphere of like water or something, like a fluid thing that's being occupied and which you have partially overlaps that. And as you bring this out. Instead of like, like, the fluid sphere reorients and becomes something slightly different. And there's space for both, for both you and whatever this overlapping thing actually is, but, but you're not actually taking away, but that it's, it's, this is like any of this stuff makes sense to you

Speaker 1  05:26
a little bit, but keep going. Keep going, okay. But

Matthias Miller  05:29
I feel like, I feel like there's this, but I, but I feel like, what like this, this, this stuff you've been I don't know again. I don't know how else to describe it. I keep seeing like this Lydia model of of like this thing, this, this. But as as this comes out, as this, as you comes out, is about the only, only way I noticed describe it, that that there's this reorientation. It's almost like this trust that as as you move forward with this, as as you do as you I don't quite have words for for that, but that that the world around is going to your environment around you is going to shift and adapt to what It'll cost doing. Okay, I

Matthias Miller  07:44
a lot of what I'm a lot of what I'm this is, this is kind of, I think, a little bit different than some of my other memos. But a lot of what there is, like, this sense of emotion around you, just a warmth, like, like, like a warmth of love, like, like, head office, like, just surrounding you, like, in a in a big hug, like, like, just like, almost like a cocoon. Like, I don't know how to describe this and and surrounding you with such a level of peace and stillness and quietness and calm and like.

Matthias Miller  08:42
Um It's

Matthias Miller  09:02
like you've, I feel like you've become very comfortable in this, not not comfortable in a bad way. You found a way to rest in the tension between the question and the answer. And I also like, and I don't know if this is, I kind of get the impression that this is something that's, that's been, that's that's been shifting, the corrupt is maybe even recently shifted for you. But just

Matthias Miller  09:42
one of the things I see you doing for people as well is like just creating spaces for them and and there's not this this compulsion to you. And like you're you're the like I've, I've seen, seen this as a gift at play, but I also feel like head office is saying this as well. But like you're the you're the sifter of information. You're the you're the dam between the barrage of everything that there is to know and everything that could be said, and the things that really do need to be said. And it's almost like the like, like, I also see this. I see you creating this for other people as well. If it were in an executive environment, it would be like you've gotten owner who is sitting at his desk. And the the like here is Robert and and through whatever mechanism you're doing this, there's like this. Like you were taking and deflecting things that are coming at them. And so, from a, from a, from a, from a kind of a management standpoint, one of the things that I see is like, there's all of these, these things that are coming at them in a traditional setting without Robert, and whatever it is that Robert and however you, I don't know whatever this thing that is you and what you do, there's this constant stream of traffic and interruptions, but I feel like there is that you have this gift for creating. I don't know what it is, creating filters, creating creating shields, creating pathways like this is and in in how to, in training, in training people, when, when you want to walk into his office. This is the path, like, I'm seeing this picture of, like, okay, so you, I don't know what it is, marketing, underling, I don't even know what, when you want to talk with this guy, there is a specific path in the carpet, and you're going to walk in here, and here's how you're going to walk in, and here's how you're going to walk out and and like, it's, it's, and then, along with that, so that's within. I see that happening within, like a company and a business perspective. But along with that, I also see you doing this with, with with, with people of in influence, training people how to work with people of influence. And I don't know if you have been doing this, but I get the impression that you have been like, there's this, there's this, there's this young person, young in whatever way, inexperience in some form or fashion, who wants to go connect with with somebody who's playing at a completely different level. And before they get there, it's like, I'm gonna, I'm gonna be the one who coaches you how to meet with the king, or how to how to meet with the queen. And when you show up here, here are the words to say, here's how you walk, here's how you dress, here's how you present your agenda, here's how you present your idea. And if you do this, you will find favor with the king, and the king will will promote you. So you've got this along with this. There's this talent for it's almost like so, so there's Solomon talks about, do you see somebody who's skilled at their work, and they will stand before kings, and you've got this talent for for a spotting The expertise that's within somebody. But the missing step is, many people have expertise, but when you put them in front of somebody who is, when you put them in front of a king or a queen, they they stumble over themselves and like, there's this like, there's this correlating proverb, which is, when the earth groans, when you take a popper and you and you promote them. And so there's this, like, you extract the expertise. Here it is. Now I'm going to guide you on on, like it's, it's partially how you how you act. It's partially identity. It's partially how you think, how you show up, but I'm going to guide and walk with you, so that you don't go in there as a popper, so that you are promotable, so that that you won't be crushed under the weight of the. Of the the weight of the positive Limelight that will come to you as you're starting to work with these people of influence. And many people have it's very common in kind of the ego driven world, to have people who've reached a position of prominence and worked with people of prominence to then put that as a kind of as a safeguard around them, so that they don't have to touch the messiness, but I feel like you've got this ability to reach into both worlds. And I think part of what you do is, I think, I think part of what, what your unique contribution is, is being a bridge between between those two worlds.

Unknown Speaker  16:13
What are your thoughts?

Speaker 1  16:18
I'm definitely a Bridger between worlds for sure, for sure, interesting, interesting, yeah, my it's time for a change for me, for sure,

Matthias Miller  16:38
bored and fed up,

Speaker 1  16:40
you know? I I'm gonna make a ship. So it's interesting that it's like this. I don't know if you describe the situation as amorphous or maybe impenetrable to some degree, but like, I'm kind of sussing out. I want to change things, you know. And I do really well the whole concept of, how do you make that like a functional business? But I do really enjoy one thing I've been very good at over the years is spotting talent and potential and then, like, pulling it out of people, because they're off, they're so self unaware, and so much of what the programming is out there has people reaching for the wrong stuff, or aspiring to the wrong stuff, or, you Know, the widely information. Available information is mostly garbage. So yeah, so I have Yeah, and I do enjoy having conversations with young people that I feel like, like my kids, like my kids are in their young in their early 20s, and man, their generation has just been I don't know if it's always been this way, but their generations has been completely abandoned like good luck. I've had some interesting thoughts about how we work as a society, and I quite frankly, feel like we treat children like shit. Children are a problem to be managed, we put them in a prison all day long. Teach them how not to think, how to follow orders and squelch their creativity. And then, if you don't fit in a couple of select boxes, such as, you're physically attractive, you're a good athlete, you're smart, and then there's the rest of the cast is this big, and it's like just discounted. Then people wonder, wander around, wonder, what the heck to do with themselves, because they don't fit in, or they're not valued, and we do ourselves a great disservice in their regard. And they get out and they're told what to do, when to do, how to do it, why, where, for and with whom, how, frequently for the first 18 years of their lives. And then it's like, well, where do you want to go to school? What do you want to major with? Major in? What do you want to do with the rest of your life? And they haven't been afforded the opportunity to make the single decision on their own behalf, so now they have to make the most important decision in their lives to that point, not exactly prepared well for the job. So I have some passion around that. What I might do with that, I don't know, but like, yeah, I I'm looking, I don't know how detailed, yeah, I'm really looking to develop something that can keep up with me. Like, I come up with lots like, I'm an idea guy. I come up with ideas like, it doesn't stop. I can't shut it off. And building things around me where they can start executing on some of these ideas, you know, get them out there, and it's not. Not. I don't have a niche. I don't have a superpower. I got lots of things I can do, and it's satisfying that need for the variety. You know, I have this concept I call golf. I caught golf league or bowling league. You sign up. Oh, man, I like golf. I should get out more. I'll sign up for a lead about the third week. The hell was I thinking? This is a chores and become a job now? So it's riding that line between following my interest, getting something executed, and then changing just how I work, you know, professionally, because I'm just, yeah, I need to re I'm really in a process of reworking how I work and the kind of the nature of the work I do, and getting okay with charging what I'm worth without getting my hands dirty. You know, I've always had this sense my best work is just, it's not a nice way of saying it, but I do my clients best thinking for them, or at least with them. They don't think. They never think. They spend the whole time spitting on the same thoughts that passes for thinking. It's not really thinking. And like my little spiel is, Gerber wrote e myth about 30 years ago, and since that time, everybody blogs themselves for not working in well, I'm working in the business. I should be working on the business. Forget either those two. You should be thinking about the business, you know, with somebody who's worthy of being a thinking partner who will poke, poke, your assumptions, you know, question you pull things apart. Are you sure that's your priority? Because you said you want this. What you talking about is that, you know, most people are not very clear on what they want to begin with, and then number two, about how to go about it, they're not self aware enough to understand where the real strengths are, and they attribute most of their success things that really weren't the thing or the things. So I spent a lot of time, and it's not sexy, like when I describe it that way, and it's kind of insulting in a certain way, because, like, I do your best thinking for you. Well, you think, tell me, I don't think, you know, it's not exactly a super engaging message, but that's really what it comes down to. But what I what I've felt compelled to do over the years is get inside their business and get working on stuff to justify the kind of things so on a charge I hate, I've come to come to the conclusion, after a couple of recent I on situations, I guess, or recent outcomes. I just don't want, I just don't want to work inside anybody's business anymore. I don't want to work anymore. I don't want to do any of that shit. It's thankless, and it's just not worth it's just not worth my time. So I really just want to stay outside the business if I need to get in and do some research investigative stuff, I'm happy to do that. But as far as executing inside anybody's business, no, I don't want to do that ever again.

Matthias Miller  23:12
Three pictures. Number one, okay, let's go back to the memo. Business Owner, dear business owner, wouldn't it be awesome if you could prop your feet up on your desk and just spend time thinking about your business and all of this other stuff. Would just not you know you, you, your secret mission is that you do their best thinking for them. They're not going to admit to that, but you sell them the promise of putting their feet on their desk and being able to think. And by the way, I know how hard it is to do this, and so I'm going to be right there beside you, and I'm going to create space for you to think the tactical part is, I won't, I won't go implement I have implemented it. I've done it very successfully, because I'm sure you have the the the moat around the business owner, with the with the draw bridges, and that could even be an image, but I will, I will help you sit there and create this moat. And the beautiful picture is, you get the information pushed to you. You don't go chase it down, and you have space in your calendar. I'm going to, I mean, part of my engagement, I don't know if you like to travel, but part of my, part of my consulting is I show up on site and we go golfing together. Mm, because, because I'm here to help you think, and that's how and this client, Joe over here, it's golfing and and I. You know, Sally over here, it's, it's, you know, it's, it's wine tasting. And Bob over here, it's shooting range. And one of the first engagements with your client is Sally, I'm going to come over here. I have an appointment with you, and then we're going to go go on site, and there's this winery that we're going to visit, and you're going to get a taste. You're going to get a taste of what this space is going to actually feel like, and you're going to get a taste for what your brain starts to do when you actually have the freedom to think. And we're going to use that to seed the idea, and then we're going to practically implement it. But the biggest shift is you're not you're selling the you're selling the outcome, and they're secretly swelling the medicine because they need you with them, and when they actually recognize, and I think this is one of those things that when they recognize how much better they think when you're around, that's that's obviously they have to have let go of enough of their ego to be willing to have somebody help them to think for you to even show up. But it's not the same direct assault on their diligence. Yeah, that's interesting.

Speaker 1  26:23
The one thing that's been in the back of my mind for quite some time is the idea of of I had this fantasy of, I go rent like oceanfront Airbnb for a month, yup, and for three and for the first three weeks of the month, I run client off sites, and then the fourth month, I just do whatever I want and enjoy the space, and then enjoy the place for that fourth week of the month. And I do that maybe every quarter, get people out of their own environment. And I'm really good at facilitating small groups, so bringing their key people in, getting them out of their usual environment, doing a proper off site that doesn't have to follow some formula that some guy comes up with clunky terms, like VTS and such, which I'm sure you're, you know, where I'm going with that,

Matthias Miller  27:23
and then we're going

Speaker 1  27:25
with it. But like a legitimate open up, open up everybody's minds, open up, open them up to possibilities. Get them out of their environment, shake off the dust from the office, and come in and actually build, you know, come up with what they're going to do over the next quarter. So, yeah, that's kind of what I've been thinking about doing, and I just haven't executed on anything.

Matthias Miller  27:47
So and here's, here's two other pictures I want to I want to dig into that because, because that's really interesting. The other thing that I would observe is I had my a note from our talk in 2020, then I should talk to you about a trade about trade schools,

Unknown Speaker  28:05
trade schools.

Matthias Miller  28:09
So say more on that. Um, the prop, okay, trades are well paying. Trades are a growing industry, right? The Imagine if you had a fee. Okay, so sorry, let me. Let me plot out a few other things first. Okay, here's what you see, raw talent. Young guy, raw talent. You see potential, yep, and you see barrier. But this is a mirror of Robert, who has the raw talent of finding talent, and has the and has the potential to be able to do something with helping promote people with raw talent, but is facing a barrier. And so if Robert would be working with Robert, and would spot the raw talent that Robert has for spotting raw talent, this is super meta. So, okay, yeah, we're

Unknown Speaker  29:12
climbing a few levels here. We're

Matthias Miller  29:14
climbing a few levels here. What would that look like? And I think there's something to this that at the point that you crack this for yourself, like there'll be a whole kind of damn breaking and kind of a a ripple effect to do this at a whole other scale. So one of the ways to do this is if, if you have space to play a longer game with in some form of capacity. I don't know how this all fits in, but if there's a way to this is a very clear set of of expectations. They have, they have, they have raw talent. They have, you. Uh, there's a level of conscientiousness and and with that, I know integrity is way reused, but there is this conscious integrity, etc, but, but is there a way that you can take raw talent and say, this is because of where you're at, your situation does not afford you to pay what I'm worth, but we're going to work out a deal, and it's going to be pennies on the dollar, and it's but, but, but I want to capture some of the upside that's up here. And you only pick the people. I think you actually have to pick people who are who are generous and who are in it for the good of what they can do for other people, because they're the ones who will stay consistent and actually make sure that you get taken care of when you actually get them where you where you're going to go, because they're going, I and you, you put some kind of cap on total value of the contribution, so it's not like you feel like they're enslaved forever.

Speaker 1  31:09
Yeah, honestly, I I've had this thought more than a time or two, bringing back indentured servitude, and it's got a terrible name and a terrible connotation. But think of how many guys came. I mean, Ben Franklin was an indentured servant for a couple years. Somebody paid his way and mentored him and taught him a few things about running a printing press, or whatever it was. I don't remember the exact details, and then, and then they either work under that person. Honestly, I feel like trade I mean, we're tied in with trades. Forget paying for trade school. Come in, if you qualify, we'll train you and we'll place you, and then you pay us 10% of your earnings for the next four to five years, and you're done. There's no $100,000 student debt. We're not going to have onerous debt service that you have to you can't discharge through, you know, bankruptcy or whatever like that. You're just committed to paying it. But it would have to be a way to kind of keep people honest. You better just screen for that in advance than try to work about back end enforcement. But I mean, I really feel like that's a path forward, because so many people, young people in particular. I mean, you think about it, even when I was young, like, here's the hot here's the hot careers for the next 10 years. Who? What does that have to do with me? Nothing. And then you, and then you wonder why 60 to 83% of all workers are actively or passively disengaged from their work, and they hate their lives because they chose the wrong thing for the wrong reasons. They took bad advice from people, and they didn't look inwards so much as outwards, you know. So, yeah,

Matthias Miller  32:54
I mean the simple thing, like the implementer thing on the on the Colby Yeah, for people to pay attention to the fact that I actually really love doing things with my hands and marketing and cyber security and aI don't give me that no, but I should. But no, you can, you can, like you can, and there's a path for you to have a really great career and a really wonderful life.

Speaker 1  33:27
Yeah, yeah. So much of my work is spent giving people permission to do what they didn't think they were able to or allowed to, or was possible. It's a lot of it, yeah, like they think they can only this is the only path to get where I think I want to go. Like, man, it's a million ways to get where you want to go. Question of which one's the most conducive.

Matthias Miller  33:50
So then the other, the other kind of picture was, here's Robert the hub, and this, this kind of ties into your indentured servant. But you have how many, 360 interest, one for every degree on, you know, the spectrum, and you've got one dedicated, hard working, I just went to work indentured servant. And maybe it's not 360 but you know, and and these guys are lost, starved for ideas, stuck, but when you tell them to go do something, they'll, they're, they're worker bees, yeah. And so being able to have kind of these execution minded people around you. Um, so why have you not done this? Hmm,

Speaker 1  35:19
I haven't done and you're referring back to the model of the home sites.

Matthias Miller  35:23
Yeah, the Airbnb

Speaker 1  35:24
Yeah. Why haven't I done that? I've been around too many people that didn't have the resources to just or they wouldn't. They couldn't justify the expense of doing that. And I need to get in touch with more people who would actually say, You know what, we're already spending on off sites, right? Or, yeah, no, we're 100% gonna do this because, I mean, it's, it's not cheap. Trying to take your team off site three times a year. It's light undertaking. The other thing I just to throw this into the mix as well. The other thought that I had was combining it with a sprint you've heard of the sprint process, you know, whether it's several different flavors that, but a sprint session the next month where I go to their site, and we clear the decks, and we spend a week producing a specific outcome, because so many of these teams, and I mean, I'm sure you're seeing this in your own life or in your own work, all these guys have all these great ideas about what they could do in their business, but whether It's real or just perceived, the teams already at 100% capacity, right, right? I worked with a client just recently. He didn't like it, but it was working. And his client is so funny, he didn't like it, but the staff loved it, and shit was getting done. But, like, I made up something. I when I, when I was running round table. I just kind of made up GSD sessions get shit done. And we'd have a three hour session. Everybody come in. What are you going to do? We're going to work 5050, 1050. 10. At the end, you share what you did, and like people were getting shit done that they had not been getting around to for years, some cases. So it's the same kind of concept, just I would go to them on site and like, let's find a project that's worthy of of executing, and then word I will help you guys figure out how to carve out the space so we can dedicate a week to it, and we're going to shut down most of our other functions, and we're going to get something substantive done in the business that's going to have a, you know a strategic objective in mind. So

Matthias Miller  37:49
problem with the business owner is that they don't typically understand the fact that they've got you're working with business owners who know that they have a lot of ideas, some of them really good ones, and they know that chasing them, that they have a propensity to have their team chase them, and know that half of them are dead ends. Is that fair?

Speaker 1  38:17
Oh, oh, at least. And then really, if it's the high quick start, the high Quick Start will come in. High Quick Start, low, follow through will come in. And they'll have they have an idea every time they go somewhere, whether it's vacation or a seminar or a mastermind, and they'll come back with these great ideas. And the staff doesn't even know how to take them seriously, because they've always got ideas and well, we're working on this now. Now you want us to drop that and go to the other thing, I don't I that's, I would say that's about a third of the entrepreneurs I encounter. I used to think it was more, and it used to be more, but it's less now. But there's a substantial amount of them that that are the that way. And then the other thing also is, again, not only does the business owner need to work on the business, but so does the staff, and nobody seems to acknowledge that. It's really strange to me. How do you think you can be the only one who could work on the business your people, if you want to improve your processes or your procedures or establish some SOPs, or find a new way to do things or start a new initiative, those people can't just be executing on their day to day. And if their day to day is filling their calendar, whether it's due to inefficiency or you just overstaffed or over committed, they don't have the capacity to do anything new. That's why a lot of stuff never gets done.

Matthias Miller  39:36
You can make this really easy. So you could have, you could have, I don't know if you want to do this, but you could have get shit done. Inc, yeah, and you have a freelance level, which is, I don't know, 100 to a couple 100 bucks a month, and you show up and and. And you get a prize every time you show up. There's some kind of game, or, I don't know what, that's not even gamification, but there's gamification to get people to show up, and then you have, then you have, so you've got that at that level, you have an executive business owner get done at your BNB, so you're going to pack up, you're going to fly here, and you're going to stay at this place, and I'm the cop man, and I'm going to be here making sure you're working on the right things, and I'm going to make sure you're not hanging around answering calls and responding to emails, because that's not why you're here. You're getting done. Then you have this at a company level, and this is where you and their stages of this one is we're going to do we're going to have a get shit done cadence. I am the So, so I'm going to help you implement, like a monthly get shit done Friday afternoon session, or whatever it is. And, and this is in in everybody is going to figure out what their top priority is, in their respective thing. And we're all going to get together whatever it takes. And we're going to build this. It's like the mastermind consciousness type of thing, like, where you all, I don't know like, but we're like, there's a shared energy of like, we're all, we're all doing this thing. I'm gonna help you implement it and oversee it, facilitate it. And then there's the then there's also the get done, plus, which is Robert shows up on site. And this is not a an afternoon cadence. This is like, it is like a, it's the equivalent growing up, my mom would always have, like, spring cleaning, which would happen at any time of the year. But it was this. My house is so filthy I gotta do something, and we're going to go move all the couches and sweep everywhere. This is the, this is the annual it's a once a year when is your get done week, and we're going to block out the week. It's like vacation, but everybody's going to be at work, and we're all doing the most important stuff, and we're going to be in mountains during this time. And that's a if you want to sell value of output created based on what you're facilitating, we're going to anyway, just,

Speaker 1  42:30
yeah. I mean, this is kind of what I've been stewing on. I just haven't acted on it. Yeah, we established the quarter, we established the quarterly objectives and the main outcomes that we want to achieve or create in the meeting and the off site, and then we execute on them, you know, the following month. Honestly, you know how it works. You can't just drop everything and start executing tomorrow, because people got accommodate. They got a schedule. They can move stuff around. There's not there's all kinds of moving and pieces there to set the stage so you can execute. But, yeah, this is kind of an interesting little twist that you put on it. He's doing the GSD virtually. Or, you know, if you don't pay the big bucks, I'll come in and I'll run the sprint for you. We will get your project completed.

Matthias Miller  43:17
Yeah, but it's so so the basic and even on the freelance level. I don't know how you do this really. You have to almost do it as a series of exercises, but you could have a quarterly workshop. And I think, well, there are folks who've done this, and I don't know if you like running these types of workshops or or if you get Okay, here's the other thing going back to the question. I

Matthias Miller  43:47
Do you have anybody in your life that would die to be able to hang out with you and work with you?

Speaker 1  43:59
I don't know. Maybe I'm never, I've never asked. The thoughts never occurred to me, really, why? Where are you going with this? Go ahead.

Matthias Miller  44:08
Imagine if, okay, do what I did. Posted the forum. Hey guys, I'm looking I'm I'm getting ready to put some stuff together. Here's been the bane of my existence. I'm really brilliant at this stuff, but I need somebody who, like, I'm sitting here listening, asking, thinking like, Where's where's Robert's block? And Robert's block is you execute when you're working alongside somebody. But well, tell me if I'm wrong, maybe I'm reading you wrong. You execute when you're working, when you're on site with a client, or you're no even on site with a client, you're not executing. You're there, shepherding the process. That's how I want to work for now. That's how you want to work. That's how you. The best. And so the big issue is that Robert is such an ideas guy, you are sorry for talking about you. And the third person, okay, you're such an ideas guy, like, of course this is going to be like, Could this be as simple as one internship for one interested person who is really bought in and gung ho your first indentured servant? What if your first indentured servant would be, would be running your GSDs, would be running your virtual GSDs, and you would sit, sit in so so you would, your job is the master architect, so you got somebody who's and if you really wanted to, If there's an angle, so,

Matthias Miller  45:56
all right, so you, you have somebody coming in, building out all your process for all your virtual GSDs at various levels and and you have a series of questions you probably already use to have help, have people get a draft of their priorities. And if you're in an entry level, you get, maybe, you know, I don't know, maybe you get, everybody gets 30 minutes of Robert to whatever feedback or whatever. I don't know, but you don't get much, Robert. You just get the workshop, but you're monitoring the questions. How things are, you know, the feedback loop, what happens, etc. But it's in your indentured servants court to execute this and then execute the GSDs, put together the process for whatever the gamification looks like, and keep the flywheel going, figuring out how to get more people, how to talk about more with what they're doing. And even better, if there's a way that your indentured servant has a outcome that they're after that is non competing, but has has a selfish need that they want to fill, that putting them in front of these freelancers every single month, and having these conversations with them feeds something that they want to, that they want to achieve. And it could be as simple as your planet parity again, borrowing what I've done, I've been I've been working on for the past, however long, I've been sitting on these awesome ideas that actually have had legs in the past and have been really successful. But my big thing is I need a sidekick. And here's what I want to do. I want to find somebody who wants to get in my world, who who meets these criteria, and whatever it is like running and executing a program that is on rinse and repeat and continuous improvement for the foreseeable future, sounds like a dream. And who would love to hang around me and learn more of you know even better, or like you know whatever? I don't know how you frame it, but also wants to hang around me and learn how I think and how I process and look at the world and I

Matthias Miller  48:40
I don't know. I don't know if the shoe fits quite, quite right or not, but

Unknown Speaker  48:45
what?

Matthias Miller  48:50
And then, as you, as you go up a tier with the off site, those then become because the problems are so much more complex and intricate, those

Unknown Speaker  48:58
are the ones

Matthias Miller  49:01
that you facilitate.

Speaker 1  49:03
Yeah. And really, they don't need me to figure it out for them. They just need me to pull it out of them, because that's really they have, that they have all the intelligence they need in most cases. I mean, I'll bring my own little special brand of magic, but I mean, really, the answers are inside. Most the people who think they don't have the answer.

Matthias Miller  49:24
And another angle on the on how you sell this thing, the thing that you want out of all of this is, is the prioritization and like is, is the off sites. But what if you sell this from the dear business owner? Do you know that your team is underperforming and they're not cranking out as much output as you know that they ought to? And have you tried to squeeze as much productivity out and you're not able to get any? Or of it out of them. Are they overwhelmed? Do you worry about them quitting because they're just or are you worried about falling behind in the market because you can't? I don't know what, but yeah, I

Speaker 1  50:18
think maybe, maybe, maybe and maybe another line of questioning is, when's the last time you made a substantive breakthrough in your business? And would you like to make a substantive breakthrough? How many of you made in the last 12 months like substantive like you can go back and everybody acknowledges that this was a big leap forward in some form or fashion in your business. How many of you had the last 12 months? Probably not that many. How would you like to have one like, how would if you just had one every quarter you just have one substantive whether increase traffic, increase conversion, improve profitability, level up the kind of clients we're working with, make things easier, make things faster. There's a million things you can focus on. What do you want to do? You want

Matthias Miller  51:03
to do and give them a buffet of that? And what if, here's your buffet? What if you could choose one of these every single quarter? And, and so you're selling them implementation, which is becoming an increasingly, I think it's also increasing in demand, but, but you're and the pill they have to swallow is not a difficult pill, but it's the pill of, okay, you want to increase conversions, well, let's like, Is this really what you want? No,

Speaker 1  51:33
there's always that, yeah. Well, oh, that's a whole other conversation, and that's probably the first conversation that needs to be had once they sign on the dotted line. Is after the line, yeah, which is your real

Matthias Miller  51:47
work and your real value true, and what's going to make this whole thing fun for you,

Speaker 1  51:53
right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because the thing is, I've facilitated so many masterminds and coaching programs and educational stuff, and you know, you can learn this stuff, but if you don't, I mean, stupid, but if you don't execute. I mean, there's a couple people come to mind in particular. They've been in groups that I've run, and they get the same damn problem they had three years ago. It's like, because they haven't created the space to do anything about it. It's like, Dude, it this is what's needed. It's it's one thing to get the exposure of the consulting or have somebody come up with a breakthrough idea. Okay, great. And some people say ideas are cheap. I don't agree ideas are cheap, but the good ideas and great ideas are very expensive, and they cost a lot to get there, and you got to pay a price, whether it's doing your own thinking or spending the time or bringing somebody else to help you think that through, to come up with the right ideas and separate the wheat from the chaff. That's a whole ball of wax right there. Once you've identified Damn this would change everything. Okay? Now, how long is it going to take you to get that change in place? Now you're going to execute kind of raggedy seat of your pants. Are you actually going to hammer this nail all the way down till it's flush? That's kind of what we're shooting for here. Sam, this is, this is, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  53:23
yeah. The big thing

Speaker 1  53:25
seems right. I don't know about all the levels though. I'm not necessarily sure I want to have a freelancer level, but it's, I'm glad you're bringing this up, because it's helping me clarify what I don't want. So it's been a useful webinar, for sure. But yeah, okay, go ahead. You were gonna say

Matthias Miller  53:40
more. I think if we could solve one thing in this call, it's this, you just acknowledge this is a something that you that you want, or you could see this working. Do you think this is, if you look at the whole plate buffet of everything that you could go build out, is this the thing that fits with permutations?

Speaker 1  54:15
Think for I'll say this for now. It does. I can't fathom being able to find something I want to do for the rest of my life. But I think this could work. I think beyond this, I just want to take control of the companies and eliminate the middleman and just just do what needs to be done, because one of my primary frustrations is having clients that fucking refuse to do what needs to be done, or just won't do it, or can't do it, or whatever. It's like, I most of my career advancements and all the businesses I've built was eliminating the middleman in some form of fashion, and it's getting to the point now where the clients are becoming the middleman. And I don't It's not universally true, but like, we could just inject them and send them. Them, send them on a safari for six months, and they come back, they'd have a much better business than they would have ever had, and they stuck around.

Matthias Miller  55:09
So you want to to be clear, you're not talking about acquisition. Actually, I

Speaker 1  55:15
am talking about that, yeah, but I still haven't fathomed. How I want to do that. Because, to be honest with you, no, I don't like being the top guy like I can be the top guy. I don't I don't need that. I don't really even want it. I'll do it when I have to. I'll take the leadership when there's a vacuum and nobody's going to step up. That's when I'll take leadership. I don't really want to be the front of the front of the organization necessarily. It's not interesting to me. It's not really where I do give me my best work. But being somebody who could acquire place, the CEO, coach, that CEO, and make sure I got somebody who's like a rabid executioner, you know, where they actually execute on their task. But all I need is somebody can just execute. You don't have to think at all. If you're just a rabid doer and you're like a 10 quick Well, I don't know about a 10 quick start, but you're eight plus Quick Start, and you can at least get things going. I can manage around all your weaknesses, and we can get stuff done. But I don't necessarily want to be that guy who's taking that slot. So I haven't figured out exactly how I'll navigate it, but at some point I will start just doing acquisitions, but I got to find a way to play the game in a way that suits me, and I haven't. I'm not there yet. Not there yet. So this is a great stepping stone towards that, I think.

Matthias Miller  56:39
So I'm gonna, I'm gonna jump ahead. I'm gonna play with the hypothetical. Okay, so what are the parts? The part is there is there is an investor or private equity or some kind of benevolent funder. Not been a benevolent funder, but there's a funder here. There is a an acquisition, presumably, presumably, it's a, probably the easiest one is, is a retired, retired, or retiring owner, or something like that, I don't know. And then, and so the, then there's the installation of the CEO, yeah. And then there is the, and is the CEO, the rabid execution guy?

Speaker 1  57:41
Well, he's going to have to have a track record of leading teams and changing direction and new initiatives that actually get done. So they have to at least have that.

Speaker 1  57:58
They might not even need to have that, to be honest, if they could just run the store and mine the finances and make sure just things stay afloat while the changes are made, they might not even have to oversee any of the new initiatives, or at least not be terribly involved with it. Just run the damn company day to day and make sure that the day to day is handled so then we can bolt things on and and make changes. You know, whatever

Matthias Miller  58:28
needs to be done, what the right term is, but like a GM type of a,

Speaker 1  58:32
yeah, just a caretaker, a caretaker, really, you know what's there's a, not a fiduciary, but a trustee. You know, just a trustee. You're the trustee of this business. Let us know if we're screwing things up, too bad. But you get inside the company, make sure you keep your finger on the pulse of things internally on the day to day. And we're going to start making these changes so this company can be, what it's, what it what it could possibly be.

Matthias Miller  59:05
All right, so, but the trustee, then, is not the guy taking action so well, you're, I

Speaker 1  59:10
mean, he's, he's taking action inside the business in that CEO role, but as far as the new initiatives that going to come in, and he doesn't necessarily have to take that on, but it's something that falls in their wheelhouse, sure. So do you need subject to change? But this is my current thinking on it.

Matthias Miller  59:29
So, so would you need one other person involved? Or could you literally have, I mean, there's then there's you right here, who sees things through? I mean, you're just the, you're just the guy seeing, seeing the path through. Yeah, anybody else?

Speaker 1  59:52
And I don't come into the comp, I mean, I come in, put it this way, when I come into a company, I have a couple ideas of what, where the possibilities lie. I got an. Would have sensed where that stuff is, but I always leave that subject to confirmation. So my what I comment when I come into a company. I do so much research inside that company, I know it better than the fact than the founder themselves. I know their company better than they do because I've got a much broader based perspective than they could ever hope to have. Also, people will disclose to me things that they would never tell the owner. So once I've got that understanding of how the company is actually functioning and where its biggest weaknesses and opportunities lie, it's pretty easy for me to figure out what needs to be done. You know, first, second, third. It's

Matthias Miller  1:00:35
pretty it becomes pretty obvious,

Speaker 1  1:00:37
yeah, but then at that point, once I've done the research. I don't want to be in that company again, like, until it's time to look at something, you know, look at the next thing. So maybe possibly bringing in a product, just a like an excellent project manager. Here's what we need to accomplish, and have a project management specialist come in and oversee the change work that needs to be done. Have the caretaker, the trustee, run the day to day ops and make sure we don't capsize the vessel while we're making the changes. And I think that might be a workable model. There's other aspects to the model, but I don't want to we only got so much space and time here today, so I'll leave the rest of that off the table for now,

Matthias Miller  1:01:21
so, so is there a way? So the only thing that's missing from the get shit done stuff is the two, two big pieces that are missing are the project manager, yep, and the fact that there's an investment group where you can potentially capture upside on how you've created,

Speaker 1  1:01:53
right? Yeah. Well, I mean, as you know, sourcing, finding and funding these things is like a business in itself, you know? So, yeah, and I don't really find that terribly interesting. I mean, it's just bare bones, basics, straight up marketing and, you know, cold calling and cold emailing and all that crap. I don't, I'm not

Matthias Miller  1:02:17
interested in any of that stuff. But if you had this, this person doing that? Yeah, and said, We want you. And you say, Yes, I can put together a plan. I can do my 360 degree evaluation and deep dive and research and everything, and I'll put together a plan, and I'll lay it out for your project, for a project manager that you need to place whatever the rules are. And when this gets executed, I want this like this is the whatever the upside is that I went on the back end.

Speaker 1  1:02:50
Yeah, I it would be interesting to find a person who'd be willing to take that on, though, because most of the guys in the acquisition space think they're they're business geniuses, and they know all the answers, it may not, may or may not be true. And then they also get pretty debt laden, so they've got to have the resources to be able to, you know, fund what I do a lot. Most people coming in, buying a business, they they seem to think that their due diligence process really, uh, exposes what's needed. And I'm telling you, man, it mergers in the corporate world fail about 75% of the time. They they're not any more successful in the small business space. I mean, I already see it. So there's a fantasy or a fairy tale being told here about how easy it is, or, you know, how straightforward it is to get a business to really hum and pay off. And most of the guys that are in the space are doing roll ups. I have no interest in rolling up because I know what rolling up does. People built the business and it fucks them over. I'm not interested in that. I think it's immoral. I think it's unethical. I'm in with the sole intent, if I'm gonna get gather up 10 to 12 businesses, mill them all together, discard, you know, half the people who helped get the company where it needed to go, and then cash in as a benefit and sell it to private equity, which will make the company even worse than it already was before. So really, my model is, I'm looking at long term holds on almost everything I would acquire. But again, that's another discussion. So anyway, yeah, so that's kind of like, yeah, that's a, that's a next chapter. That's something I'm going to be working on right now. I want to wait till the though, the macro economics kind of just fall through the floor, then it'll be time to execute on that then, because then there'll be, I want to sort of say blood in the streets. It'll be a whole have a lot more flexibility in a few years from now than it is right now, because there's a lot of people chasing this stuff. I'm gonna wait till the herd of locusts pass through field. Then I'll bring in the final stuff that they they missed. And that's how I work anyway. I don't do what the herds doing. I look and see. The herds left behind, and usually it's a fortune. So

Matthias Miller  1:05:04
be my approach here too. So, and I'm not super interested in pushing this through, I think the question is, the big question I have remaining is i

Matthias Miller  1:05:27
What would have to be true for you to leave today, for us to wrap up here today, you know the question, question first of all, is number one, is this a priority? And is this a now, now priority,

Speaker 1  1:05:44
yeah, it's time for me to make change. I mean, it's all for do

Matthias Miller  1:05:49
Okay, so we've established that, and let's do this. You got your you get your journal there, yeah, yeah, all right, so, head, head office, What lies have I been believing about doing this? I

Matthias Miller  1:06:36
and head office, what truth do you want me to know about this thing.

Speaker 1  1:06:58
Cool. Do you like this model? Does this? I mean, I don't know, to me, it doesn't sound that all that amazing, but for what it would do for someone, I think this would be cool, hugely.

Matthias Miller  1:07:11
See if I like the model for myself, if would I? Would I buy into this? Well, like, if,

Speaker 1  1:07:18
like, if you had the right kind of company. I'm just saying, Do you think this is a marketable, attractive thing, this idea,

Matthias Miller  1:07:27
I think there's a i

Matthias Miller  1:07:54
i think that the best I don't have a massive Rolodex of people that

Matthias Miller  1:08:08
that I feel like, okay, the best clients that I'm connected to personally, just friends with, or prospects, if I were to go to them and I were to say, if I were to go to them and say, hey, look, there's all this stuff that's been happening that that you've been wanting to do in your business, and I've got A guy who will work with you for a week to block out time, like an annual thing, to go just clear the deck and just get stuff done and solve, solve the really next big hurdle. Like we all know that momentum shifts require a big push, and so we're gonna go give concentrated effort for a week, and you're gonna find yourself at a whole other level. Would you would you like? Would you want that? I would really think I would have their ear.

Matthias Miller  1:09:20
But I'm gonna,

Matthias Miller  1:09:34
I'm gonna flip this around on its head, and I know this is non conventional. I'm

Matthias Miller  1:09:47
I'm not a huge fan. This is such a dicey territory, because it's not I. Can go extreme with this, but, but not everybody knows what they want yet.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:07
Well, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:10:09
and right market. Market research is also often a way for people to talk themselves out, like if, if there's something here that has legs to it, the fact that you, the fact that you ran, ran the GSDs in roundtable before, and that there was a demand and a hunger for it in that like that, to me, shows that there's, there's a market for this at some level, is there, can you tap into a market where people want to bring their teams on board to do the same thing? I mean, I don't know, but I also can't imagine, if you can.

Speaker 1  1:10:56
I my question is, why the hell wouldn't you like the reason you're frustrated in your and this is just me talking in a marketing dialog, but the main reason you're frustrated your business is because you're not executing rapidly enough, and you're not finishing what you start and like because you don't have the space for it. Well, this one will establish what we really ought to be working on, and that's a job in and of itself. Once we've got clarity on that and what our criteria and what our definition done is and what it's going to look like, then we got something to actually shoot for. Now, we got to figure out, how the hell are we going to get any of this stuff done? Because your people are already busy doing everything that they're already doing that it's unreasonable and it's ridiculous to think you're just going to take this and just put it on top of what you're already doing. I'm not going to pay anymore, and I don't really care if you have to work more hours. I just want you to get it done. It's not reasonable, and that's half of what's sabotaging your your progress, right? So we're going to be so they can execute. And you know, the other thing is, we're probably going to be working on stuff that's going to make their work life better, because that's how you sell this. But your work life is going to get better because of what we're going to do here. It's going to make your job easier. I mean, now I'm weird, because anytime I've ever run anything, I want to find the way to make everybody's work as easy and as pleasant as possible. That's another business mistake that most business owners are making. They cater to their own whims, and they don't want to do this, and they don't want to do that, so they morph the business into something that accommodates their predilection. They don't do the same courtesy for the people that are working for them. They don't even consider it and even think about it. If you apply those principles there, could you fucking imagine what kind of organization you could have? The war for talent is going to get a whole lot more difficult. Demographics are declining. With the base of the pool of people you can choose from to fill your positions is shrinking. The baby boomers are aging out, and they've taken longer in their comp in their positions, which is forced the millennials. It's prevented the millennials from getting the experience that they should have had by this point in their this point in their career. So you've got experienced people jettisoning out of the market, and you got inexperienced coming in to fill that void. They're not very talented. So the amount of people that you're trying to find that are super talented, are gonna be great at what they do and are gonna stick around is shrinking by the day. So unless, like, I've been saying this in Paris groups and other engagements for a while now, the we put people are going to win the future are the ones that create a great place to work. And you don't do that with ping pongs or free beer on Friday or casual day at the office or even remote work. You have to create something where people want to come in and they never want to leave, because they know if they leave they can't get what you offer them here, if you focus and obsess about that, and part of that is doing GSD projects that are appropriate and treating your people as well as treat yourself. If you could manage, to manage pull that off, who could stop you? Nobody.

Matthias Miller  1:13:57
So anyway, okay, so stop it. Stop it right before the rant about keeping employees. I'm going to say this right before you stop. Stop there. That is for your graduate degree. People who go through this and they actually care about their people,

Unknown Speaker  1:14:14
yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:14:18
not all of them do or and they might, but they might, but they not, might not be ready to address it yet, right? Um, right. But if you had that little spiel that you had at the beginning and you called up 15 of your folks that you know in business and say, I'm piloted, piloting this, this thing, like, are you in Don't you like, I can't see how you go through 15 people and not have a few takers.

Speaker 1  1:14:45
Okay, all right, let's look that to the Pepsi Challenge. Let's try it. I'll try it. All

Matthias Miller  1:14:51
right. So that's a simple takeaway. Just, just Yeah, pitch it. Pitch it. Pitch it.

Speaker 1  1:14:56
All right, okay, the you were clicking. You're recording this. So if you could do me a favor and get me this because I missed some details, because I didn't really want to be hunkered down here taking notes, but yeah, and if I can get that last snippet in particular, I'll figure out how to how to spin that, and then I'll see what I can come up with. Reach out to some people. Half

Matthias Miller  1:15:15
the thing is how much you believe in this thing.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:19
I believe in it wholeheartedly.

Matthias Miller  1:15:23
And when you're talking to somebody, and when they're talking to you, and they see your level of belief in in what this thing, you know, I think a lot of what people picked up in my email was my level of belief in what it is that I'm doing, right? It's like, right? It is the subtext. I think the same thing is true for you. If I were running my own company, would I, would I, I would buy into the idea I would want it to happen. I wouldn't trust most people to run it. You pitching it the way you did. I would trust you to come in with heart and soul and see it through to completion. I just, that's my, my take on it. Okay, yeah. I

Speaker 1  1:16:08
mean, I've been thinking about this for a while, and I've done it in pieces. And when I've done it, when I've hosted off sites for clients, which hasn't been that often, it's always been great. Has been the best off site they've ever done, and combining that with some of the stuff I've learned over the last few years, and just testing, I think this thing could be dynamite, actually,

Matthias Miller  1:16:29
but I don't, I don't disagree. The other thing I would throw out there is, which is, this is exactly what I'm doing with you guys. I'm assuming I didn't get the email. I mean, address was supposed to send you an email with some stuff that I didn't see before the call. Oh, okay, you got it or responded? Okay, so, so here, here's the feedback loop, yeah, so here's the work you have, the the blind, the blind problem statement. So I haven't worked with you yet. Here's what I'm struggling with, and this becomes a source of marketing material, okay? And this is where you get all your objections, objections. Then you go do the work and how I've been approaching this one, and then you have outcomes from this one is, uh, uh, anonymous, non identifiable, client stories, which I will do. And you know, I'm always very sensitive to trying not to disclose details. I There have been various times in the newsletter and whatever, and it doesn't really matter, but a phone number accidentally got through, or something else, or there were some details, and if you've been around for long enough, you can figure out who this anonymous email was or story was about. I care about protecting anonymity, and so I will, I will change details and try to think about people. This is just how I roll. But think about people who are close. But the best way to take some of these, what I really love to do, is go take a photograph or a video in words of a snippet of the journey, and write it out. Story form, here's the client, here's what they were doing, here's what happened, here's the outcome. Okay? And it's helped me put language to it, then the other form of feedback, which is the other thing that I'm doing, which you're I'm not telling you anything new, but I'm just kind of mapping this out. I don't know why. If it's redundant, you can forgive me, but also testimonials, and having part of the flywheel be testimonials from the client and and it builds this, and you can also do the whole referral kind of flywheel with it, but, but it's really helpful. And along with this, not just testimonials, but what went well, what didn't? How can we tweak and improve for next time? And you can kind of weigh that out, but having having this so, having how they saw the problem beforehand, having your perspective of what it was like working with them, and challenges that they faced, interesting stories, whatever. So I was working with a client. I mean, good stories are working with the client. They thought it was x. The problem was actually y. Here's how we always, always, you know, whatever. Or I was working with a client, everybody was on board. There was this one team that was off in the in the swamp, doing something else, and here, and here's how we navigated the situation, brought them back together. I don't know what like I also a form of spreading the word of what you're doing. Testimonials give them their language afterward of the transformation and what the experience was like again, their words now. Yours, the curse cursive of the of the expert. So anyway, just a thought, okay,

Speaker 1  1:20:08
yeah, yeah, all right. Well, good. I appreciate this. This is helpful. This is helpful. I've been it's one thing to have these dialogs in your head. It's another bit like, pull it out. It's, it's, but you can't do it for yourself. Okay, I can do similar types of work with other with clients and such, but you can't do it for yourself. There's no way. It's impossible, even if you know, even if you would know, like, if you could clone yourself and then consult yourself. It still wouldn't work, because you're, you're inside it, you know what I mean. So, yeah, nice. I see you got the memo on the uniform, so it's good,

Matthias Miller  1:20:52
yeah, yep. Nice,

Speaker 1  1:20:57
yeah, okay, yeah. All, I'll, I'll develop a list of prospects and do some outreach and see what comes to this. I think, you know, it's interesting. At the beginning of this, you were talking about navigating, you know, certain relationships and whatnot, like, like, right now, this is kind of like, this is the anti mastermind for the person who spent the last 12 years building facilitating masterminds,

Matthias Miller  1:21:27
you're talking to the owner of unmastermind.com

Unknown Speaker  1:21:30
is that what you are? You got, you got mastermind.com.

Matthias Miller  1:21:35
Mastermind, yep, nice, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:21:37
Because, because it's just frustrating to me, you can, you can do the greatest consulting work for somebody, but if they don't do anything with it, what in the hell are you wasting everybody's time and life on? It's frustrating. It's frustrating, you know? So, yeah, it's like, all right, scrap this idea. I'm not saying masterminds aren't valuable. They're extremely valuable, especially, again, the right one. There's not very many good ones out there. But getting past that, for a lot of people, it's just like, Hey, dude, you don't need another mastermind. You just need to get some shit done. Yeah, take your 3050, $60,000 and we'll spend it in this way. And let's see if you like the results of this matter. Because I have a feeling, you will, it's not for everybody, but for certain, certain people are great. I mean, I had, I think of a guy in particular is amazing. He come in, one of his favorite things to do when he come in and say, Who's the man in the room? And that was basically like, who, who did he need to meet up with, and I would tell and then, and then, like, you know, he he'd casually dick around and just have a real good he'd have more fun than anything else, but he'd walk away with, like, one thing, and that one thing would make it pay for the entire year, just out of the one meeting. Then we, you know, one meeting out of the year. And he'd do that three or four times, depending on how many times I think we're meeting three times a year, and you do that three times, so you get his value three times over, because he just knew what he was looking for and he was he had the ability to have his teams execute on whatever it was he did really well, but there aren't that many people that are wired that way. Yeah, yeah. So yeah, there was some things I was going to implement when I was in round table. I was actually going to do a facilitation day the next day, but getting people out of their environment at that price point for the health and stability and the revenue and the profits that those businesses were coming from by and large, or coming with, coming to the table with by and large around table, they didn't have the ability to stay on another extra day. They couldn't justify it back to work. So I never got that off the ground, because I could find a way to navigate it. Plus we also had that thing where we'd bring in round table group one, and then they'd go through the afternoon, and then we'd have dinner with the next group, and we'd be starting the next day with that. So it did afford the opportunity to do a facilitation day for the first group, unless I was going to sit outside the room, and at that point in time, I was doing too much facilitation. I couldn't that couldn't break away from the first day, right? So I got off the ground. But, yeah, this is the kind of thing that I'm most passionate about now. Is getting your ideas and then triaging those ideas and then executing on them. Those are the three things that have to be done. Got to get value. So I'm

Matthias Miller  1:24:26
going to show you something. I think you'll it might serve as an inspiration in the consulting that I've been doing. My consulting is shifting substantially, and whatever let me see we can find this.

Unknown Speaker  1:24:46
How the shift is this? Oh, okay, well, yeah, that's a shift for sure, memos,

Matthias Miller  1:24:53
type of stuff. Plus, I don't know what, and still trying to figure out i. Anyway, like, here, let me walk you through this,

Matthias Miller  1:25:16
and some of this I intentionally made. I kind of made a little bit jargony, but when I was going through, how do I think about my consulting process? Kind of interesting. It's the 360 degree review. You're, you'd be way more thorough than I would be, just by nature. No, that's exactly

Speaker 1  1:25:33
the frame. I don't I don't have a website, I don't do LinkedIn, I don't do anything. There's people trying to show up, but that's exactly what I start with, what I call 360 degree review, for sure. Yep. Then

Matthias Miller  1:25:45
drop the dead weight, the 8020 pruning, find the 8020 opportunity, execute with that distraction, autopilot and correct, which was just a way for me to bring systems and sustainability into it. And then once you've done that, then you gotta go reevaluate again, and this is the Business Growth flywheel, right? Yep, which you could rip off and have your own very end of this.

Speaker 1  1:26:08
I think if you go back to, okay, go ahead. Yeah, go on. Got it?

Matthias Miller  1:26:16
The other thing was, how do I think about the 360 degree review, which for me, in my frame, I needed a way to frame. It was outside the business, Mark, position. How are you aligned, aligned or not aligned, with your customers, and how are you differentiated from your competitors? So this, there's this external, it's about alignment. So there's an external alignment, slash distancing inside the business. And there's like, I mean, it's, it's operational alignment, and it's also, is this department aligned with the goals vertically? So is marketing fighting helping sales or fighting against them? But then also, are they serving the top priority? I also broke it down into left brain, right brain, so where the tech, systems, processes, profitability, efficiency, like, all the like, analytical stuff, and then the kind of soft skills, culture, innovation, vision and strategy, customer experience, employee engagement, right brain stuff and like as a model for saying, all right, you want to know what a 360 degree review looks like, I can show you. And this is, these are the quadrants of how I think about it. I don't know if this is helpful so much, but yeah, it's very

Unknown Speaker  1:27:29
much in in line with my thinking for sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Cool.

Matthias Miller  1:27:39
What else we don't have to, we don't have to use the full time. But I'm happy to,

Speaker 1  1:27:44
yeah, no, I think, I think that's, that's, that's, yeah, that's plenty. There's no reason to. I never liked the time served model consulting or coaching anyway. You know, I find that people that have a weekly call as part of their engagement, eventually start spending a lot of their time just making up stuff to talk about, just fill the time because they paid for it when really they should be focusing on what's the outcome I want and what's the least amount of conversation I need to have to get there. But you know, they're that way when they're a customer. They only think about it when they're a provider. So no, I think this is, this is, this is getting me what I needed. So, yeah, this is, I don't need to you can take the time and call what is in fair or Tim cutting, and I always want to call him Tim Ferriss, Tim Francis. Used to get some bonus time, but I don't need bonus time. I think this is enough. What I need to focus on that is just thinking about whom do I want to reach out to, and then just refining this message a little bit. I think I'm going to need an iteration or two before I find a snappy way to convey it. I've got a couple other tangential thoughts that I think would pair well with this. So yeah, so now I just need to kind of work with the pieces we've got here, so, yeah, let's just call today.

Matthias Miller  1:29:05
All right, we call it today. You need your own thing of what you're offering you now. Need your your your get done, accountability and time blocks. Wouldn't it be awesome if, after this, not really looking to do this? Wouldn't it be awesome if after this, we'd be touching base and sitting time on the calendar for you to do the outreach and the refinement and stuff like that. So do you need any GST

Speaker 1  1:29:26
support yourself, or is that something you're really good at?

Matthias Miller  1:29:33
I am in this Well,

Matthias Miller  1:29:42
it depends. I feel like I'm in this really weird, fluid, creative space where, on an ad hoc basis, no, I don't know. I feel like I'm actually pretty good at it, and I've been especially with the shift for me is. Been I am absolutely dialing on what I'm doing, and I love it, like beautiful, just fun, and I love doing the work that is needed to get to that. And I've been pretty intentional about making space to to make it happen.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:17
So when you're in the zone, so you're in a good shape,

Matthias Miller  1:30:22
it's the best I've felt in years, or probably ever. I think what,

Speaker 1  1:30:26
what shifted for you that led to that? I That would be so much. Yes, good question.

Matthias Miller  1:30:37
Well, the, I mean, there were these kind of tremors, like, like, always knowing that I've always had an gnawing that something's not right in my world, and I'm not where I'm supposed to be, and I have always been on the quest and try to find it. And I thought a lot of this stuff was ADHD, you know, add Quick Start type of stuff, sure. I'm realizing now more and more it was I wasn't in the zone. And so all of us have, many people have kind of the glass shattering event, where everything falls apart, and then you get to see through everything. For me, I was an elder for our church, and they had a fairly traditional denomination, or very traditional denomination, and there was a particular doctrine that the denomination needed to enforce for anybody who was in leadership, okay? And I gave them an honest answer on my application form that was pretty open ended, and they reviewed it, and the hammer fell, and I got the pink slip, and they said, You can't, you can't leave here. And that was my glass shattering event, and that happened about 911, months before I met Vivian. Met, worked with her for a while, continued attending that church, believe it or not, and got increasingly unhealthy, until my wife one day, she was standing on one side of the kitchen counter. I was standing on the other. We had like this little bar between the kitchen and the in the in the dining room. And she looked at me, and she's like, You need to go find a therapist. And she was she, she told me, more recently, anyway, more recently, like it was, it was just out of frustration. It's like, this is so I'm so tired of you just going running around this stuff. And so I did. I found, I found a guy through friend of a friend, so working on mindset stuff, and came to discover that, I mean, it's all the it's kind of like Perry's my own less dramatic but equally significant version of his petavanin bleed newsletter, and working through a lot, lot, lot of really unhealthy emotional dynamics from growing up CO dependency with business partnerships and roundtable last year was a lot about getting out of the business I was in and me fighting it until finally I did it. And then the other component has been working with Melvin, which memos have been a big part of my life. But working with him has just part of the, I don't know, kind of boldness and like, like, I'm gonna, like, there's a lot of the each person kind of brought their own blend to it. But I realized how much of that because of the environment I had been in, like, just completely got beaten out of me. I wasn't really well received, or, you know, whatever. There were people who liked me, but the system absolutely hated me. So, oh, okay, so I don't know if that makes any sense, but the head trash layers, right? And then I came back from vacation. Every time this would happen, every time this would happen, every time we come back from vacation, try to go back to business, there would be a gut punch, and I just drip my teeth into it. And this last time in June, I was like, I can't, not I mean, I'd still been doing some some software consulting, and I'm just like, I'm done. And I started doing it one day at a time, building it out one thing after the other built out of funnel. Funnel for a version of this offer had a diversion in in three hours, and then the funnel was misconfigured, and it went dark. And then, on a Monday, had the inspiration to go offer this to I was like. What does it look like if I No no longer hide empathy, I no longer hide memos, and I give myself for permit, full permission to be like this, just my brain, the way that it works, however it works, be who we are, yeah, be who I am, and like, yeah, I show up as me, yeah, and we're having fun, yeah? What? A concept. What? Right? But it was the, it was the glass shattering event. I can't, I can no longer be that somebody else, for everybody else, and not just for my sake. They won't even let me like I've gotten the final rejection of So, yeah, that. That was the trigger that, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:35:39
no, it's, and it's unfortunate. I mean, it's just part of deal. You often have to go through something awfully painful before you wake up to these things. So you know. And then just when you and just because you have that glass shattering event, there's still more work to be done. It's not just you magically the way most stories are told, whether it's a near death experience or hitting rock bottom, as it were, dude, they often tell the stories though that happened and then I suddenly ascended into heaven, you know? And it's not how it works at all. It's work after that. So, yeah, good. Kudos to you for for doing the work. One question I do have you fair to say you're on track now, for lack of a better term, right? What's the most likely thing to knock you off track? Going forward,

Matthias Miller  1:36:37
being able to two things. One, this thing doesn't compute financially yet,

Unknown Speaker  1:36:47
okay, and

Matthias Miller  1:36:52
like, I have no idea how this is all going to and I, yeah, I sold offer to my business. I don't have a massive runway. I did this all based off of conviction that it's got to happen and the time is now, and so that is, that is potentially it. And the other thing is, I, I have felt like for years I would benefit so much from having a killer salesperson or advocate who really believes in what I do to go. I feel like if I had a killer salesperson who buys into my value prop, that I could have people lining up at my door. And like, you know, I have my own thoughts about building a kind of I enjoy one on one. I've been exploring group types of stuff too. I've met, so I'm currently planning to pursue both. But those are the two things. And obviously, if I disconnect from some of the people I'm close to, people who helped me get this far, I think they're a major part of keeping me, keeping me on track too. Yeah, what do you ask?

Speaker 1  1:38:10
Kind of important to know how to stay on track. A lot of people think once I've got on track, that they don't have to think about it anymore. Smartest thing you can do is what's likely to knock me off track and then take action preventatively, as opposed to, you know, post post hoc. So maybe find a dissatisfied salesperson who's found their own glass shattering or had their own glass shattering experience. So I don't know what that might be, but a good example would be somebody who's conscientious, who's not satisfied with the delivery of the thing they've been selling. You want a salesperson who gives a shit about whether they're whether the company is delivering on what it's promising? And there's a lot of companies that don't so if you could find a good covid Or good salesperson who has a soul and they're out there that cares about what's being delivered, that might be your match, because you've now got a fresh story you can tell them, and maybe they've had an experience of their own. So that could be your recruiting device. Instead of saying the same stuff that everybody else says when they try to hire a salesperson,

Matthias Miller  1:39:26
well, an ad on top of that, if they have a side note, my funnel, which not really trying to move this down any kind of like these calls. I'm not trying to do that, but my funnel, my concept of funnel, has been giving people tastes, and if they like the taste, then there is the next. There's a sip and a drink and a, you know, then a buffet and a, you know, whatever like. Again, proximity style. So throw in that, what would be wonderful, too. So is if there would be a person who has a an existing great network of people who has who would love, who would eat this up, so they built their network. I don't know. I don't know how to do this without I don't know how I feel. I haven't thought about ethics of stealing clients. I don't even know, but if they had this network, a network in that space on top of everything else, that would seem like letting them a match and throwing it on it. You

Speaker 1  1:40:33
know, I can't, this is awful, but I just don't retain names anymore. But there was somebody who was in round table last year. I facilitated. He did something memos related you're I, I sense you're better at it than he was. You know, maybe Perry is open to the idea of promoting you. Because, like, God, how many, how many memo sessions they do promote. And I got to tell you something, the magic isn't in the memo. The magic is in integrating it afterwards is no different than a psychedelic experience. It's what you do with what comes out of that memo session that makes all the difference in the world. And the good news is you can make of it whatever you want. So if you had, I don't know if you're open to this idea, but if, in conjunction with the memo session, there was some form of and maybe it doesn't even have to be you, but a facilitation portion, like, what are you going to do with it? And develop questions and exercises, post memo for people to work on, to pull all the gifts out of it. Because even if you get one quick inspiration of it and then, oh, that's all I needed, there's more there in that material. And that's one thing I told Perry, is when I don't go on those memo sessions very often, but what I have, I always work with what I've been given. I listen to it several times. I journal about it. I think about, What could this mean? What else could this mean? I got all kinds of stuff, and that's where I get the value out of it. So somewhere on that line, I think, I bet you, I bet you get Perry to promote it, and he's got so many people going to the the memos that they do have. You know darn well, there's people in there that are hungry for more. So it just didn't matter putting the offer out there.

Matthias Miller  1:42:11
So part of this is an attempt. It's not a very I am the alchemist. Verbal processor, communicator, and very, very interested in what's emerging organically. And there have been some things where, from the memos, there was very clear shifts for how people show up. But it's also been in the practical that, you know, I mean, I love this kind of stuff, and it's, I don't know if it's as tightly integrated as what you're envisioning, but, but you can at least pitch it as the combination between memos and whether I'm giving memos, I do try to, I mean, okay, memos are definitely something to focus on, but there's also something about being said, about living in the views.

Speaker 1  1:43:08
Then, yeah, I try to do that with this different Go ahead, one more thing, I

Matthias Miller  1:43:13
got introduced to Jeremy, who's introducing me to Mary, who's gonna get me on a new renaissance call at some point.

Speaker 1  1:43:21
Oh, Okay, gotcha Good, good. Yeah, yeah. No, that that would, that would definitely be it. And that's where you can do your pitch. But develop something, and if you put it in front of Perry's nose in advance of that call, I'll bet you it'll let you promote it. I don't see why you wouldn't. The other thing also, just, I'm a bit of an alchemist myself. A couple things you might think about doing, you know, or nothing of the sort, or maybe the opposite of this. But one thing you might do is have somebody go through a memo session, and then at the end of the memo session, have them write down any of the key thoughts that come to them, and then compare and contrast what they pulled out of it to the actual recording transcript of it, and see what did they miss. And like, you know, it's like that Shakespeare thing, nothing is either good or bad. Thinking makes it so, what did they make of it? Right? And then, what potentially could they make of it that they they missed along the way? You can extract value from these things for a lot longer than people, you know, give it a credit for. But I think if you actually had a couple things where maybe you just make it up on the fly. Originally, if you're good making stuff up on the fly, you can come up with some exercises for somebody to do at the end of the session. Say, Hey, based on what we talked about, here's a couple things you might consider doing. You don't have to do any of it, but here's three things I think you might want to do, and then see who takes off with these things. And then maybe you've got, now, you've got a library of things that can be selected for people to take on their journey and working with the material, as opposed to just thinking, all I have to do is to be bestowed this message and then, you know, everything takes care of itself, right?

Matthias Miller  1:44:52
Well, yeah, I'm gonna go back and listen to everything that you said and digest that one for myself. I think there's also one of the guys reached out and he's like, I I've done all these memos, and nothing's changed for my situation. I'm like, well, that's interesting, yeah, I wonder why Guess, guess what showed up on the on the memos, call his inner critic. I'm like, and I straight up had him tell his inner critic to stand down. I mean, just whatever, do what it takes. But like, this thing of like, to me, it's like, okay, so here's the inspiration. But then there's also the emotional head trash component that can filter and stop it. And then there's the execution, which can be rightly or wrongly executed. Can be executed well, but when you have a clear flow from A to Z, like, that's when you get flow in, the actual implementation of getting stuff done.

Speaker 1  1:45:47
Yeah, the inner critic? Well, that would have been a fun conversation. Whose voice is the inner critic? That's, that's the first question I would ask. I would be like, whose voice is it? Yeah, a lot of rich material in there. It's just a question of, you know, signing your way. What kinds of things do you want to engage in? What kinds of things could be offered that maybe somebody else could do? That's the other thing too, is finding a way. Oh, you know, I know somebody we great for, for the inner critic, I know exactly who to talk to. You go talk to XYZ, and then let them execute. You get a little portion of the proceeds, and you keep moving. Don't like that. Look for next. What's next, based on this memo, what's next? What could be possible, not that you would ever offer it, but what directions might they go? And then start finding some players to plug some of those holes as you start seeing trends and patterns develop. You know, I find that most people need one of five things. After a memo session, I offer one of them, but there's other things that could be done. Question what's most appropriate for you, and send them off to somebody else to do whatever work needs to be done. Then come back for the next memo section, having done something so we're building momentum. You mentioned momentum. Momentum takes a big push. You can't just take these things and receive them and maybe even listen to them a couple times and think that something's going to change. Action must be taken. What's that action? What's your next action? It's probably one of these things. So that might be a way to build

Matthias Miller  1:47:18
so and I could see, one of the things I could see, my assistant helping with assistant slash project manager, is so she, she does all the follow up process. But it could also be an offer to, hey, I want to hop on a 15 minute call and what, what were some of the action steps? And let me lay this out into a an action plan based on what you've processed, so that you actually have something visible that you can go see and execute on as well. It's a very simple way to go pull in her expertise. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:47:52
yeah. So one of these constellation of ideas, pursue the one that seems right for you, and then see where it goes. But you got lots of options here. There's total there's a ton of directions you go. Just question which ones get traction, and some are ready to be acted on now, and others are going to take a little minute to develop more of the following. But yeah, keep your eyes and ears open, because there's all kinds of things can be spun off of this thing. This is this should be seen as just the starting points. A lot of people, they're seeing it as an endpoint. It's just the beginning of the journey. Because the journey, yeah, the journey is where you start reaping the rewards. It's not in the receiving of a call to action, so to speak. That's the beginning of the Yes.

Matthias Miller  1:48:34
And most people see memos as a call to hop on, not a lifestyle. Well, I'd say most people, I don't know if they do or not, it's taken me years to really wrap my head around Perry's Renaissance.

Speaker 1  1:48:46
Yeah, I would say the bulk of the people that go to those things feel like they're going to be healed somehow, and everything is going to change. But that's not how the world works. It's what you do with it afterwards, if you're going to do anything with it all. So, yeah, for me, the magic is in the work. I mean, everybody perceives the magic as being receiving the messaging. And there's certainly a certainly magical aspect too, but it's the end results don't come along without using it and applying it and testing it and trying it. What could this mean? Let's form a couple hypotheses, and let's go on this. Oh no, that wasn't it, all right. Oh, but the fifth thing I tried inside of this 30 days, I'll be damned if something good didn't happen, then they're ready for next memo. But you got to earn the right to get the next memo. You can't just have a memo because you paid for it. You want it. You got to earn the right. This is some action oriented group, because that's how you're going to build out the real testimonials. You if you were to wait for just the people who were, oh, just on the strength of the memo itself, it'll take us centuries to get to the business where it needs to be. All the testimonies are going to come to what they do with it. So you facilitating that and charging for it, you'd be able to charge more anyway, find a way to charge. For it, and you only get involved in things you love doing. Would do for free, everything else beyond that? No, you don't get involved. Somebody else has got to do it. All right, I gotta run pal. Thanks so much for this. It's great to start recording. And more importantly, I want to hear back from you on what you've taken out of this, because you know this wasn't just for me, it's just for you, so I'm glad we both hopefully got something out of this. Yeah, sure did. All right. Take care yourself. Thanks, Robert, yep.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai