Jordan Gerding  00:34
Hey, Matthias, how are you doing?

Matthias Miller  00:38
Good. Well, how you doing?

Jordan Gerding  00:40
Doing good? Oh, wow. Thanks for being a little bit flexible there on the timing I had, I go up and get my hair cut by my cousin, about 45 minutes 15 minute drive from here and normally, normally I do it early in the morning before anything can get booked. But I was like, You know what I'm tired of like doing a 9am Haircut when I have to drive an hour away, I'm going to do it in the middle of the afternoon and not to add like drive time on the other side. Because so yes, it's good. Good. Well, you're right. Okay, you're ready to dive into

Matthias Miller  01:29
all of this? Absolutely.

Jordan Gerding  01:32
Well, this was really fun. Because I spent some time this morning looking through all your indexes and results. And you, my friend are very much like a man of extremes of the index. And it's kind of fun, because having met you in person, I wouldn't, I wouldn't necessarily pegged you as like the nine Quickstart, or the super high like, alchemist empathy, kind of person, especially since you're in the like computer software sort of space, right? Yeah, but I'm

Matthias Miller  02:04
also a man of contradictions.

Jordan Gerding  02:09
It's all agree. But yeah, like, and part of what this purpose is, isn't necessarily going through in detail on all three of these. That's kind of what the course is, this is more working the the alchemical magic of how I can see the strings attached through it all, and what that kind of specifically says, and, really, and so kind of a way of being able to how I put these together as the idea of that core value index is, what's what's motivating you to engage and how are you going to kind of engage and then the Kobe is? How are you going to show up once you are engaged? And then the marketing DNA is like, well, what's the communication process that starts happening in that midst? And so combining that all into this idea of well, what is this saying about how you naturally intuitively instinctively would like be designed to connect with God is a huge piece in that like, that just screams throughout all of this is very much like the creative process. The things that are the more abstract ideas that are you can't play practical numbers to is like that is that is where you show up like that is that is where you're at. And very much this idea of very, very likely like journaling is not the forte of where like God comes out, like screaming in big bold letters to you. It reminds me a bit of another client I have who's fairly similar actually on her score that she had for like your MDNA and kind of for Colby as well. But when we got talking, it was like we uncover like her best. Like if she means like, I need to hear something right here right now in the moment. It is not sitting in front of the journal and trying to write it for her it was get in the car and drive and do whatever like comes like of instinct of like, go here, sit at this coffee shop, do these things and so really, probably like the clearest most clairvoyant sort of moments are in this spontaneous, we're going to choose to jump into some form of action or do something. But it has no definitive like plan or routing to it. And that sort of free open space. One kicks in that that Quickstart which is just hey, we're just going to go with it and falls within them. The communication pattern of the marketing DNA have been very high on the alchemy side of things. So like, how I kind of put that frame is like the Alchemist is it's having something crafted to the moment it's not how and something crafted to survive like a whole bunch of different moments. And so very much like that receiving instinctively for something crafted individually, the leaning towards live, not fully 100%. But right on the cusp of that, where it's is like the delivery is in the moment at hand. It's not like prepared beforehand. So that fits into the spontaneity, and then the empathy of really having this the idea of a felt perceived truth. And so they're like, it's an experiential encounter. It's not a logical creation and structure of things, especially for that, and and so just that idea of, especially, again, paying attention to the marketing DNA side of things as forms of how you're going to, like, what form of communication is, like naturally going to come in there. It's that in the moment, it's tailored directly for that specific moment. Like it's not, I would say, a lot of your encounters are not repeatable experiences, like and there's just, it's not a, the rhyme and reason is that there isn't, and that's how, you know, you can have, like, the consistency is there's not consistency to do it. And so I think it's really being able to have that freedom of knowing. It's not about how do you it's a paradox of a question, because it's like, how, how do you have that ease of flow? And it's by having really very little structure around, it's

Jordan Gerding  06:46
almost that like, I'm expecting, I'm going to be met, but I, it doesn't, I don't know what that's going to look like, and it's going to show up. And I think a huge piece that can relate like even adds to that and dials it up? Is that five and that words and images? Because that's like, the two main mediums. For Forex, that's kind of a line of like, Hey, is it a verbal? Or is it a nonverbal means it's like you're right in the middle, it's, you probably can fill that like pull back and forth where it's, it's finding that right? That correct frequency where it's, it's grabbing both. And so like that even dials that up another level of that in the moment and that, like, there isn't necessarily a specific pattern to it. And so yeah, I'm just going to kind of pause there, because I'll just keep saying the same things over and over again. And a huge piece of it, if we go to the CVI where you have a 30, in that innovator side of things, like just so you can kind of recognize like what that means, like very rarely do I get to see people much above like a 2526. Like that's a pretty high score when you get there, every three points is an order of magnitude and difference in what's kind of showing up there. And so when you see anything below, yeah.

Matthias Miller  08:12
So you're saying that I'm an order of magnitude more innovative than most people that you see.

Jordan Gerding  08:19
I'm, so what I'm saying is the peak, it's so think of it more in terms of within yourself. So that graph to yourself. So you've got a 23 in the merchant and a 30 in the innovator. So your like two and a half orders of magnitude difference in that even though a 23 is a significant score, kind of the breakpoints are like a 12 is you don't even really have that capacity for yourself. So like the builder, the banker side of things, if you've got an like around an up to an 18 or so is where you've got capacity for yourself to engage and kind of lead that like 19 to 25 or so as you can kind of lead a group and then when you get to 26 and above, it's like you're efficient water like that is just your worldview of how things operate. And so the innovator is fueled by compassion, meaning you're going to sit and listen and be in that like, listen, hear the pain points of things, whether it's which makes a great like product developer service provider, all that because you're going to hear what it is and your goal is to create the perfect solution, not just like, like a good solution but the best. And so that idea of of going for solutions going for that and it's stepping away kind of by yourself of like you might be in the midst of the team, but then you kind of step back and go in and so it's that whole pool of this. You going to find a solution for the pain point that you are drawn to and really getting that creative ideal for it, that's what's really, like, that's what's going to really feel an easy connection into connecting with God. Because that's just like, it's just hitting that instinctive motivational core for you. And that all of this is building like, this is the foundation, because once you you get rolling, you can kind of step out of that. But it's if you ever have that rut of just like, I just don't know what's going on, or I don't feel like I'm, I'm getting there. It's like that idea of like, what's a pain point that you want to try and solve? And that can like, pull you in? And then then all the other conversations can have happened for me, I'm, I'm a merchant innovator. So I'm kind of the flip side of you. I'm not as extreme in those, but it's, well, how do I get going and caring about relationships and connections and, and people? And, and then that just allows me to kind of connect and dip in and it starts pulling along that whole route?

Matthias Miller  10:58
So let me let me talk this back to you.

Jordan Gerding  11:01
Yes, I was just going to ask.

Matthias Miller  11:04
So first of all, I've had this problem across time where people are always like, What's your why? What's your vision? Like? What do you mean? I'm like, I have no idea. Like. So what you're saying is, if I want to, if I'm disengaged, the way that I engage is, is dear so and so whether it's business client, whether it's spiritual, peer mentee, or whatever it is, can you please just tell me about your problems? And they spill, spill, spill, spill, spill, spill, spill, spill, spill? And I'm like, okay, and I might in that moment actually be like, I might start asking more questions, I might start dissecting, I might come up with possibilities, I might pursue this path for a period of time, and then may disengage and go wander away. And, and then when I'm wandering away, ideally, there's some kind of like, I go on a bike ride, or go to this coffee shop, because I don't want to go to the other one anymore, or I want to go to this bakery, because I'm tired of coffee shops. And, and in the middle of placing this order, I'm like, hey, if we did this, that and the other and rearrange this, the real problem is this thing over here. And we could actually give them what they need. And there's also which you haven't touched on, I don't know if there's any of this that shows up kind of this collaborative aspect. But we can also solve this problem over here. Not not just problem, but the this other person is facing the same problem. And there's possibly a conflict situation. And we could resolve it like that. And there's just kind of invention that arises. So if I really want to engage, like is that about the process?

Jordan Gerding  12:34
I would say so because an innovator fully showing up looks like someone who's sitting and observing the situation. They're just trying to gather everything and connect the patterns. And they're just, it's a very, it's a creative, but very logical connection piece, if that makes sense. So there's like, there isn't a definitive, like, here's how you like, you can't define the outcomes by an Excel spreadsheet at this point. But it's here as all the logical, like connection points that are leading to this solution that we're going to get to, does that make sense?

Matthias Miller  13:12
When oftentimes, when I'm explaining my solution, I feel like I almost have to defend myself because I'm like, on the surface, it appears like this is completely random. And if I defend my context, it's like, well, I mean, okay, so I'm making a connection to this thing, and this thing, and this other thing. And, you know, another prime example is often sitting in conversations, like, let's, let's take spiritual context. So again, in conversations where people are discussing something, there's a point at which I'll listen and determine kind of where things are at. And, and there'll be kind of this gap that emerges as a result of that. And at some point, there's not this driving instinct to inject myself immediately, but at some point, kind of the, like, I've observed enough and there's this push where I'm compelled to inject my opinion. And that's kind of where I actually see the whole tone, especially in a spiritual context. But other contexts as well perhaps the whole tone of the conversation completely shift.

Jordan Gerding  14:07
When you say it shifts, like shifts in a like you move it in a good direction because you brought Yeah, and and so that's So real quick, do you have any other thoughts or anything that you have in there before you kind of like my feedback into

Matthias Miller  14:27
those bits and pieces? I do have a question then. I mean, there's the whole the whole question of I don't have a why and I'm not connected to vision does that doesn't make sense to you like looking at this stuff? Why this Yeah. So disconnected from that. So

Jordan Gerding  14:43
the whole question of your why there's probably an element of how a Why is taught is like this concrete, solid unifying, like stake in the ground. You You aren't a, like you aren't a necessarily stake in the ground person in the context of, for you to think in terms of this is where I'm going to be forever. And this is what it is, like, especially for, like the innovator side, when you're actually good, because part of the funny thing for innovators, it's like, the greatest thing in the world is to actually solve the problem, because it's so much nicer to have like continually solving but, but when you're actually forcing yourself to solve it, like just sit there and go, like, just like go back to the same solution over and over like that, that is hell, itself. And so that idea of like, Why in the world, that Id idea of, well, how can I possibly define something that I want to stick my entire life to? Like that just the speaking from like a Colby perspective, like, you fall into a category of what Kathy calls, what you see is what you are a will or won't, meaning you initiate in one, and you counteract into almost three. And so it's, it is so front loaded on this, on being able to jump into uncertainty, and that that part is is uncertainty doesn't faze you, it doesn't cause like, the alarms to go off or anything, and so you're fine swimming in uncertainty. And so that's probably part of it is just like, you can maybe even define a why of like, I, I'm going to continue to be in uncertainty, like, or I will go into whatever waters there. I don't know, I can't necessarily put it but it's it, it's, you are someone who is so driven by continuing to step into the unknown, because that's where you thrive. And in addition, as an innovator side, you want to find those solutions. So you're almost like this cutting edge, inventor, solution creator. And and so that that whole idea of trying to the standard traditional way of setting vision is very much probably people who are more like me on the high factfinder, high follow through. So like, Hey, we're going to dive in and figure it out. And then we're going to create a little box and system around it. It's why I love doing these sessions, because you just I'm playing around with a one in 4 billion plus set of like results, and how I determine like, things that I can describe to people. And so it's just like, okay, that alone is greater than half the world population right now. So this idea of normal, like, there's little bits of normal that people get to, they get to fit in their own little place every once in a while on the standard deviation. But most of the time, it's so it's so differential. And so yeah, that idea of like, What's your why I don't think defining what your why is it so necessary as we're going, what's a problem you want to attach yourself to? That that I think is a powerful question for you. And when you were describing it, it's, it's kind of funny, because I totally see it in the CDI, where you're like, oh, yeah, I can see these, like, other people have the same problem when you bring them in. It's a classic, like, whatever your secondary core value strength is, because the merchant is the vision, understanding people intuitively like raising people up to their full potential or whatever, what we will often do is, we will take that secondary and use it in service of the first. So for me with the emergent, like, I want to help people raise them up. And so then it's like, well, if they're having trouble, like, what's the issue? And I'll go to the innovator side of things and figure out like, well, what's the solution, we need to help get them in and just use it enough to get there. And so hearing your talk of, we're figuring out the solution, then I get down to like, hey, both these people and so you use that relational connection, energy to like, bring them together and be like, solution? Here you go. So that makes total sense in your natural flow of how you like part of that solution, problem solving. ingenuity, like creation, that process that you have,

Matthias Miller  19:14
yeah, and it's also here's this problem, and I have this, there's this person over here, who has this, perhaps innate or undeveloped ability, and if we develop them, then they will, they will be the solution to this. And, like, so. Okay. That's, that's very helpful. I like that question. What's problem I can, I want to attach myself to? So that's all I had back to your observations. And

Jordan Gerding  19:38
yeah. And it's really interesting because when you part of that core value index, when you look at it, it gives a weighted energy chart along with just the numbers so that the algorithm shows it. And for you, that's normally it isn't quite like this, but I find and hilarious in terms of planetary, it's a verse in of the your energies in the innovator and 19 percents in the merchants even almost got an 8020 split of your energy in those two, which means like, yeah, like, it's that, that idea of if you had to be the person to like develop the people, like you would probably go crazy doing that. But being able to identify them and get that process kick started as part of the solution is probably just that sweet spot for you. And actually, I can just screen share the CVI so I can kind of mouse over it. So can you see this? Yep,

Matthias Miller  20:42
got it cool.

Jordan Gerding  20:43
So they don't do quite a good job. But

Matthias Miller  20:46
let's see if I can get it to, doesn't want to do that.

Jordan Gerding  20:49
Anyways. So from this little green box, over to the left, these all the percentages add up to 100%. And then from the yellow to the right, these all add up to 100%. So contributions are combinations of two different quadrants. And so that's why you see the creative being such a far above everything else on those contribution types. Because it's the combination of your top two. And so when you see that way to energy, that creative is like incredibly high, again, because you've got such a kite shape to this, it really adds that depth of dimension. And so you've really liked that idea, there's a ton that just goes into that creative process for you. And so that idea of what are problems that need creative solutions, not practical solutions, and practical being, hey, you can plug this into an excel sheet, or you can go through like, the whole steps of like looking at a Google ad campaign or something, and you can play with it. And it's got very concrete, like you go through the process, and you're gonna get numbers or you're gonna get observable, immediate results that you can really get your hands on. Whereas the creative is creative is like what I'm doing with you here where it's we're going through it, can you attach, like what it's going to do? No, does that detract the value from this that you can't direct? No, yeah. And so that it's that idea of you are fully like, just bringing in an amazing amount of magnitude and power in that realm. And so just, I think going back to that idea of that, if you're feeling a struggle to engage or whatever, it's always like, what's a problem? What's an issue that I want to attach myself to, and that's going to really help fuel it. And kind of just jump over to the Colby then with that kind of frame set up, that's going to help jump you forward. That idea again, of almost, if we go down to it's if we print this out, it's down to page like 10, and 11. But this whole page shows like how you like delegate time and energy that you have available. And so 50% Being towards that innovative brainstorming, switching tracks until something clicks. And then you go into the factfinder, which is really a in the EXPLAIN mode is you're taking all those ideas, and you're prioritizing, like which ones do we act on which goes first and being able to do enough, even how you've talked about that idea of kind of combining the CVI and Kobe here like that this innovative side is probably very much the, you're going off by yourself and you're ideating and you're creating connections and solutions and you're seeing how things fit together. And this explain is probably that first touch point back when you're with the team, and there's maybe a little bit that you're doing before coming back to the team you feel like you've gotten used to knowing well, I'm gonna have to explain how I made all these different connections that no one else has made even though they're sitting right there to you and obvious. And so you kind of get enough but then it's okay. It and it's not this full flush of like, here is absolutely everything that goes through and how it's like, you know, like these are the main points you need to solidify for them so that they can get it. I always love the example Kathy gave during my Colby certification, the seven nines, like that's the equivalent of the full like research paper sort of description. The one two threes are like the bullet points of if someone gave like a super cut down cliff notes version. And then like your range that four to six is like the abstract of the research paper. It's like that paragraph sort of, okay, we're going to take the 25 pages reduce it down enough so you can get an idea of if this is what you should be paying attention to or not And so I think that's a really key component. And then the ideas of we'll go back up to the top to the bar chart, the two threes on the follow through and implementer.

Jordan Gerding  25:14
That means you're really like that. The facts are the follow through means you're shortcutting things, you are making sure that like, if they say like, there's these absolute 10 steps we need to follow, you're going well, can't we cut out at least two or three? You know, or, or can. And so it's really this short cutting energy that you bring to the table with that. And then the implementer side is, well, how do we get a proof of concept? How do we get something rolling that isn't taking a bunch of resources isn't getting a final finished, polished product, it's like, it's going to be a proof of concept. And we can prove it with minimal if any resources going in, and that envision that very, like, mentally constructed ability, and which also gives you that fluidity of part of what this could look like on a mini scale, even for yourself is the idea of you brainstorm. Explaining is like yourself prioritize and connecting things. The follow through is like, you're like, Okay, well, how does like what's the very shortcut list of this system? Like, how quickly can we integrate this in, and the implementer is then, okay, like even cognitively, for you just building that system or the process, running it through a couple times. And then it's like, Well, okay, here's this failure point. And then you go back to brainstorming, like this can all just be happening in cycles in your head. That's often when you probably find yourself going to someone after being away for like a week, and you've come back with the solution. And you realize there's a whole lot more to explain than you thought. Because you've probably gone through like 1520 of these cycles in your head, refining it. And you become so familiar with your own data and everything that it's, it's a lot to pull someone into in that moment. I will pause there for any other thoughts or questions that you may have, let me know if you want me to close down the share, or you want me to pull any of the other pieces back up.

Matthias Miller  27:20
It's my view, I don't really care one way or the other in the share

Matthias Miller  27:28
actually went to the coffee certification never heard implementer quite described like that, but it's actually true. And the whole thing of iterations makes a lot of sense. I find myself often driving other people towards proof of concept. I'm sure it's the follow through plus the counteract, follow through kind of implement or kind of both at play. And some people really kind of resist that and don't get it. And some people are you willing to play along with it? The whole iterative cycle that you're talking about makes a lot of sense. And often, even when I'm talking, talking through things with my business coach, I will lay something out and then spend, you know, as little time as possible, but still spend three to five minutes explaining the different, you know, alternatives that I've I've considered in the obstacles that I see with that. And I think sometimes I've actually internalized this is kind of self sabotage. And there are certainly cases where it is, but there's also times in which, like, there is no point in trying something because we never thought through the consequences, consequences. And like, there's some really major holes in this. And like, why would we even do this? Yeah, and I think it also because I'm in an engineering world, sorry, one more thing. I've kind of been in an engineering world and, you know, fact finders are the are the approvers. And the filters are the systems creators and and how can you say something doesn't work if you're not able to give us this defined meticulous proof, and you haven't actually run the thing? I'm like, so there's, there have been times where there's been a bit of this inferiority of I know that I know that I know. They previously recommended to me Who Knew Infinity and it's, it's like, there's one kind of takeaway that I really identify with that from the movie. It's like, I have this intuition and not just intuition, but I've been thinking this stuff through, but the gap that delete for me to take, take it from that, to a proof that I can establish and lay out to other people sometimes feels like a quantum leap.

Jordan Gerding  29:40
Yeah, and probably the, like, the best language you can use to an engineer, because you are proving something 100% What you're doing is what is the amount that you can put in that, like, disproportionately proves a higher certainty. So it's like, Hey, we're putting in 5% effort and we're gonna prove 60 percent of this concept. And I think being able to explain that to engineers of like, hey, and once we've got 60% proven how much easier is it now to prove 90% And then how much easier is it to prove 100% versus trying to just assume we've got it all. And they may still kick and scream at that, because they're, like, like you said, their factfinder follow through that one, I have it all just blocked in and beyond that, then they're probably like, counteractive Quickstart, which means like, we are not changing unless you can prove all of this and so. So yeah, like, I can completely understand what you're saying. And, again, the idea is, is like, this is the foundation of like, this doesn't ever say you can't do anything, or this is only what you can do. But this is like that idea of, okay, you know, like, you're, when you're acting in alignment with it, and you're becoming conscious of it, and then it's, you can see when it's trying to overrun, and that's where like learn skills and habits kind of fill in the gap. But to, to be in a place where you're questioning, like, as this is, like you being the gift that you are to the world running and the way that everything is like neurologically wired to go. Like this is given the freedom like yeah, that is like, that is who you are. And, and a fun little piece on like that iterative process. And like, again, like connecting with God, that idea of you, I can totally see again, going into solution. And it's kind of like this, like God dropping, you're like, hey, let's What about this scenario, and it runs it? And you're like, Oh, that's really and you run through it. And it could be that it's, instead of trying to get one whole solution. In one iterative process, it's, it can be, well, like, what new scenario? Or what new piece of information should I plug in and being able to enjoy the process of like, maybe maybe the idea of the memos completed in 15, or 20 processes instead of one or two. And that freedom of again, tying into the innovator of like, oh, boy, getting the perfect solution. Like, if there's joy in running iterations for you, and you're designed to have joy in that? Why in the world? Would God just give you one instantaneous download and be like, like, great, the puzzles finished, now I need to go find another puzzle. And so it's, instead of being able to like counteracting, probably sometimes like that, like, Well, why can't I just get this solved? Or like, why can't I just hear the whole complete answer? And feeling like there's something wrong or guilty like that idea of like, well, this is like God, giving you a joy fountain kind of enjoy source to just kind of continually just roll through and play through and have that freedom of like, oh, yeah, like, like, again, that just fits so perfectly in this whole realm of like, how that engagement factor and how you naturally like once you're engaging and going through the creative process, like it's an iteration, it's a mental gymnastics, piecing the puzzle together.

Matthias Miller  33:16
Yeah. Ya, add to that,

Jordan Gerding  33:25
yeah. One other fun piece that really comes in, especially from the marketing DNA with that five, so being right in the middle on the words and images, but then being a 10, all the way and empathy. movies that you connect with are probably a great connection point with God, because it's like movies, or even some TV series, but I find movies have more of that cinematic edge, some TV shows are going that way. Now that we've got all the platforms vying for our attention and subscription payments. But because like words and imagery, so the verbal nonverbal, the idea of like empathy, I think music falls very heavily outside. So that can be another aspect in there. So if you had maybe songs those full life, it depends music videos might fall kind of more than that. But that idea of the artistic realm of the merging of both like the script, and the visual acting, and the music and scenery and all of that also, because you fall also on leaning more towards the live even sort of stuff like concerts, or even like plays or music, Broadway musical sort of style of things like those can also be I think I really like I like the way I like to put some of this stuff is like where we're in what's normal, mundane life for people? Like where does Where does God like break through the cracks and so kind of using some of the marketing DNA of that idea of like, okay in these very artistic moments, which you can say, okay, these are, these aren't the normal, everyday mundane, mundane life, but it's like, like, I connect well with gladiator the movie and I can throw that thing on and be transported to another, a different place in time and state, you know, so that idea of like, like, these are some just helpful ways of like, I, you know, I need an uplifting and the idea that, okay, maybe it's just going to be a full on like, emotional like sweeping state, and it's not even necessarily getting something you're going to be able to define until later, if at all, but being able to have like, I just need a connection. And it's, it's felt dry, I don't know where it is, and I don't know what to do. That idea of like going into those, those sort of moments. Yeah, cuz even even like that idea of a, a really good concert. Because there's that alchemy is Alchemist side of things in there, too, because no concerts ever the same twice, even though they've got some scripting and planning of what it's going to be it's at a new venue, it's all that and so that might just be something that you can keep in your back pocket of like, Hey, I just need to get something that's kind of going to give some momentum or give some gas and lift you up. And even the idea of really like the idea of study books, of those things like that. That the the piece that can work with that is like the fact that the Euro five, on the words, images. But like the Colby score, really, I think leans away from that. And it might be like a cliff notes sort of version of going through different books or like Perry's sort of, like, Hey, I heard this is a good book, okay, flip open to a random set, and like read a chapter or something like that, or a paragraph. But I think being able to have that, like the, the divine inspiration, like bolt from the blue likely is not going to come from like, a, a recorded script in plain black and white book experience. Which, like, even the idea of like Bible study could be like, probably a fairly painful experience. I've loved the Bible project from their podcast stuff, because I'm like, like research and going down those deep rabbit holes, but how like, have you seen any of the Bible project stuff, or come across it ever

Matthias Miller  37:57
come across? come across a name, I never dug into any other stuff,

Jordan Gerding  38:02
then. It's basically a guy, a couple guys out of Portland, who started this seven years ago. But their whole idea is how do we go through and like, show the meaning of like, what the Bible and how it's actually structured and like scroll technology of how they write and put things together? And how do you understand like what the language is saying. And I think it's brilliant, amazing. Makes things make so much more sense. But they've got scads and scads of YouTube videos where they do the like, talk over and do the illustrations of it. And it's just like visually, you're able to connect. And it's, and it's, it's a little more dynamic. So that could be in means of, they've got an app now where they've got a lot of different things loaded. I know they got all their podcast things, I don't know how many of the videos and stuff. But that can be a helpful resource that kind of maybe bridges some of the like, really deep study because it's literally this, you know, these guys who have gone through seminary and one guy who's, like, gone so deep into like, Hebrew and Greek, that, you know, he's written his own version of the Bible based off of it, but recognizing themes throughout the Bible because of the Hebrew words and like how it's recognizing, like, hey, like, here's this theme showing up because they're using the same, like, the same language that's used of Abraham and Isaac is being used at Mount Sinai. And that's why you've got like these weird language poetry pieces in there that don't seem to fit but and so it's like, that might be something helpful for you that could end there, like five to seven minute videos. So it's not but it's, you go through it, and you're just like lightbulb moments because you're like, Oh, this is I thought this was so weird. And so like, I didn't understand why and you're like, oh, it's because it's part of this pattern. And I'm like you can get I just watched a few on first and second Samuel They're like five to seven minutes apiece. And you're like, I see First and Second Samuel a totally new light and everything makes so much more sense. And yeah, so anyways, just going off on that, but that might be a fun resource for you to have of grabbing stuff and, and going through. And they're great guys like it's not like the super like scholarly, dry stuffy stuff. They're, they're joking around and making current cultural references and stuff like that. And you know, like, comparing the tabernacle, like in our modern day, we would think of it as like a nuclear reactor or something like that. I like the idea of what what was going on. So yeah, so

Matthias Miller  40:48
try, they weren't interesting. But back when he was doing his 8020 thing, one of the things that came up, and that was pursuing improv. And I think one of the things that I'm hearing here here in, in kind of the, you know, various prophetic types of trainings, they teach about priming the pump and, or like pulling the first tissue or whatever that is like that, for me, kind of the priming pump is going jumping back to movies, movies, music, that type of inspiration kind of is priming the pump, and having something like that, that's kind of emotionally engaging, etc, you know, before I get asleep, can be kind of one of those things to prime the pump. I mean, I actually had this happened last night, I came across a new show that kind of like, engage with me in that way, and then woke up this morning, and just like, you know, going down these creative rabbit holes, and it was it was like, rabbit trails, it was, it was like, it opens something up for me. I think the whole thing of engagement, scripture, even, you know, the only thing I've actually found consistently, you know, that kind of consistently works is, I don't know, I've really struggled with that one. Because you have this clear picture, what it should, like, should look like but even Bible studies, you know, engaging with other people over these types of topics is helpful. But Bible studies are still always structured around, we're meeting now. And here's the passage, and we're doing it linear from A to Z. And we're going to talk about this. And then when other people talk about it, I'm looking at this, like from three layers deeper. And they've already moved on before I actually had formulated my thoughts about what we were talking about beforehand. And so, you know, I liked the this the the verbal communication, kind of dynamic, relational nature of it, but still, there's kind of this frustration within the same time.

Jordan Gerding  42:45
Yeah. Like for me when I started applying this and like, because, like, I can never get consistent with just reading the Bible. And what's finally gotten me like, mostly consistent as I'm like, so like, I'm a 7762, on my Colby. And I like I research so I read commentaries for my like Bible time, because it's just like, that's, that gets me to engage in and to a degree now since I've started listening to the Bible, project, podcasts, which are like, deep dives, but they aren't quite super deep for them. It's even hard for me just to read commentaries, because like, there's so many issues that are getting in, it's being addressed in a modern Western readers perspective of like little chunks. And it's like, it's not how it's meant. And so all of it starts to drive me crazy, because it's just like, I can't, like, I'm so concerned about like, well, what is this really portray? And so I can't just read these little verses, and just try and pull something because I don't feel you know, and so it's, it's just like, recognizing, you know, yes. Like there's the importance of community but also understanding, like, what, where are you able to connect? And how are you able to engage with this wonderful source of truth in life? Don't Don't let people shame you just because you don't fit the because let's be honest, probably most, most established pastors, or congregations have eventually gotten there because they're like high fact finder for digging and researching and high follow through because they now have systems that's allowed the church to stay in and not devolve into chaos and implode on itself. And who naturally wants to go to that sort of stuff, it's other people who appreciate that and so like, it's, it's been able to give yourself the freedom of like recognizing what propensity things are going towards, and if you don't have a community that's going to accept it, it's like, well, what other communities are out there but also like, it's like, hey, like, for me, I'm now I'm still really connected to my church, and there's frustrating moments because I'm like, I want to go this way or that way, but I can't but like, but community is important. And if I choose to just not be there, then that's also a problem. But yeah, just being able to give you that like Don't feel shame because it's everything's trying to warp you out of how you're designed to be. Which I love how Cathy's done enough experiments to be like, we can pretty well, like get the information when they're six months old, and they're able to interact with some like blokes and setups of how they are. So it's pretty definitive, this is how you came out of the womb. It's not like you've been conditioned. So it's like, that would point that God made you this way. So if someone wants to shame you can kind of and that's why I love having like some very scientifically researched back sort of stuff, because it's not just makes you feel good. It's also like, Yeah, over 20 plus years that they've proven it's a 94 plus percent repeat reliability, meaning this is who you are, and how you are and how you will be.

Unknown Speaker  45:56
Makes sense.

Jordan Gerding  46:01
Any other thoughts or questions you have here for this?

Matthias Miller  46:23
Some of this requires me to kind of piece together the I mean, put together the pieces and make sure the last point like, you know, church has been okay, you know, you want to take your step one step further than, let's take it all the way up to the level of denomination. So especially if you're in a more fundamentalist, well, even not even there, like any kind of denomination has, these are the things that we stand for, and we don't want to change from it, like, we're going to protect it. And if you really buy into those things, then great. But if you don't, then well, that's something else entirely. And so just an observation at that point, one of the things that's been moving in a productive direction with is having conversations with some of the one of the leaders in particular around, here I am, I don't fit here, like, you guys say you want my gift, we were gonna have to figure out what this looks like in this context. And they have no idea because this doesn't fit very nicely into the denominational or church box. But there's a willingness to engage in so I'm optimistic that'll improve it. One of the questions I have is this, you know, kind of more broadly, the the innovation thing like the the launching pad thing. I found it, it's maybe maybe, I don't know, if you have anything new to add, the most effective things have always been where I've been the the instigator and I've kind of found or identified people who can take things on. And sometimes the identification of them was just way off. And like, the whole thing failed. But, you know, other times, it's like, well, here's this unsung hero. And this whole thing is a smashing success, because because of it. But if I actually if too much of the weight of responsibility falls on me. And it's not something that's highly innovative as part of that, that there's not a high degree of change and innovation, problem solving required, then the whole thing crumbles. But that whole handoff process is something that I've kind of struggled with, because it feels like I don't know, like, it's one of the battles I face, because I can invent and reinvent things and problem solving come up with with fill in the blank. But sometimes the process of bringing that back to people or handing it off to people is a big leap in friction point. And it seems like a very small segment of people that can actually engage with me in that

Jordan Gerding  48:59
way. So what one very practical piece to that, that gets back into the CBI. So one of the things that it covers is what's the negative conflict strategy that we all innately inhabit based on where we're at? Innovators the idea of like, it's the idea like That's wisdom, like personified, and the energy of that and so when you sense either you're in a place where you're gonna look foolish, which is probably let less often than not, or like a lower outlier cases for you. It's more when people aren't going to listen to you or don't seem to get it and you feel that they're being foolish. The natural tendency is to go from asking questions out of a helping to understand to asking questions to make people feel stupid, so that they'll just accept what you're doing. And it's more of being aware of one that starts taking place at It's kind of like the idea of the dimmer switch like, as like, wisdom goes and starts darkening and foolishness starts increasing. Like just being able to be aware of that, because once we enter a negative conflict state, we cannot like will start switching and it doesn't work, we'll just switch the negative conflict strategies of the other ones. Which the merchant side is manipulation, which it's not missed. Not as often the dark side of manipulation, I call it happiness inflation, where you just try and make things look like they're working until suddenly it goes bankrupt, like five or 10 years down the road. Everything that's been being held back just kind of finally comes out. But But that idea of simply being aware of that, because that can be one friction point, because if you're dealing with someone who's especially more on, well, anyone who's in any of the other quadrants, there, there is conflicts within those energies. And so especially if someone's like element builder side, where they intuitively know what they just want to do, and there's not really necessarily logic or reason backing it up, they that's just a gut instinct, or they're on the practical side of they want to see the hard numbers and how it's all going to pencil out and all of that there will be that natural tension. My guess, being able to look through this is the idea of having a very extreme like on that CVI, that very big kite shape. On the Colby having a very strong like polarization of either like the initiating or counter acting, the idea of getting someone who is more of a medium in between, who can, who you can call on when those times come up, like, hey, things aren't working. And it's just someone who's like in the middle who can hear things and translate back and forth. That could be a really helpful simple way of helping that transfer happen. I think it's healthy to no like, there is naturally a higher likelihood of tension and friction, just because you have these very extreme powerful strengths. And then like once the like, once you've gotten through that energy, and that availability, it just kind of drops off. And, and so it's not like how do I make it so that I can like raise this capacity, because it's like, I mean, if you want to burn out, like all your energy, I'm trying to figure that out and like spend 90% of your time getting like a, like 10% return on that comparatively to 1000 Return fold on just in increasing, but it's that idea of like who and the ideas, even like they don't necessarily need to be familiar with all the speech and everything. They just need to be a more moderate person, because they will naturally bring a different energy, a different set of questions, a different mentality. And if they're tasked with like, Hey, can you help make sure things are going well, kind of like having that facilitator kind of score and Colby. And even potentially having someone who's maybe a little more like merchant ended on the CVI, but it's more of like gets closer to a square shape. Because the merchant has that intuitive understanding of people and wants to bring people together and connect them. And so being able to have a word that's a little more of their strength, but then they're more well rounded means that they're naturally going to interpret and help bring cohesion. And so that might be a means of a human solution of kind of helping work on that and what type of person to look for.

Matthias Miller  53:59
Is that helpful? Yes, it is. So the whole idea of, yeah, there's some things coming coming together, which is one of the reasons why the company this particular conversation that you're setting is quite useful, because I think that kind of is that and it may actually mean, formalizing that relationship a bit and saying, hey, I want to be a problem solver in this space. And can you be the translator between like, what are the problems that I can reasonably solve and how can I bring bring the solutions and you can actually go implement them so that I'm not going crazy over here, but beyond that, there's this unfortunately done this but you know, there are people who are just absolutely stubborn in there. And it's very obvious to me that what you're doing that what they're doing is certainly inferior and and and if I would be unrefined I would just call it ignorant stupid. And, and so part of it. Part of that in that context. There's there's a few response One says one is disengage, and go find somebody else who actually can bring this alternate energy to the table. And if nothing else, just keep an eye open for when you go from asking questions and being curious and seeking to understand to when I go into all out interrogation mode. And or just say, Okay, we fix the problem and move on when it wasn't actually resolved. That

Jordan Gerding  55:30
That sounds pretty good. One last question that I'm able to bring in, that can be very helpful when you're helping bring a solution asking you want an immediate solution? Or do you want a fully thought out solution, that will probably save a whole host of nightmares and headaches, because the builder side of things and the energy, the power, like that's the like, we're just getting something done, and we're going to make something happen. And the most important thing is that we've got an immediate result that's come out of it, versus you're on the other end of the spectrum of, we're going to, we're going to find the best solution and get that implemented, so that it's going to, like, be there. And so I think being able to help define, like, when you're asking, like, hey, how important is speed to you in this? And being able to understand like, is that a realm of where you can invest the time and energy in that time slot to deliver it and know, like, okay, like, it may be a solution you want to help bring, but you're like, Hey, I'm gonna need like, quadruple the amount of time to do that, or I, or just, I think kind of outlining like, I think you're probably pretty good at being able to outline like the resource stuff. But I think that that timetable of like, do you just need someone to jump in and get something so that it functions? Or do you need something so that it's going to, like thrive? And I think you're able to differentiate those real really sets the scale and help even narrow in further, like, what are the good solutions to are good problems to attach yourself to?

Matthias Miller  57:15
Yeah, and depending on the response, if it's, I need a fast solution that's kind of engaging the urgency of the Quickstart. And saying, okay, like, here it is, like, we're gonna raise the client, we're gonna get this thing in there. And we're just gonna run with it. And the other side is really engaging the deeper kind of innovative problem solving run this thing through several cycles kind of side. And there may be even a point at which there really is the speed at which I'm unwilling to work. And this, okay, like, cool, you want to solve this instantaneously, go talk this other to this other guy, and then I'll come behind and clean up the mess afterward.

Jordan Gerding  57:45
Yeah. And I think almost even to the piece of being able to define like, do you just want like, I think what I'm trying to get as the idea of the quality of solution, where it's like, we just need something done. And maybe you can jump in sometimes. But eventually, it's going to drive you crazy. If that's all you're doing, because you're going to want to like I want to make something that's going to act like the idea of, do you want the best solution that we can put in place with all your constraints? Or do you just want whatever solution can just get put in now. And I think that can be like, you can probably take on a certain amount of like, the just now is just whatever we can do in the next 24 hours or whatever. But it's very small compared to the vast ocean of availability of the best solution.

Matthias Miller  58:35
Does that helps? Yes, at the end of the 24 hours, I The problem is at the end of the 24 hours, I'm gonna have a very difficult time laying that problem back down, because that problem isn't actually solved. Yeah, mind. Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. Good.

Jordan Gerding  58:54
Okay. I take it, this has been very helpful and insightful. And you'd like to get all the rest of the video starting to upload. I've got Colby through the marketing DNA done. And I'm working over the next several weeks to get the core value ones finished up, but I can start getting those uploaded over into a Google Drive for you.

Matthias Miller  59:17
Cool. Sounds good. Yeah, true to form, I'm going to be running this through a few iterative cycles.

Jordan Gerding  59:26
And as part of this, if you ever want to schedule additional one on ones might give a about a 30% discount. So instead of the 750 for an hour, it's only 500 for an hour. So if ever at any time you're like, hit a point, want to process this through more or if you get just to the end of it and you're like, Hey, I got some other thoughts and ideas that that's available since he got this course here. So

Matthias Miller  59:50
cool. Okay. Appreciate it. Yeah. It's been great. You're Jordan


Transcribed by https://otter.ai