Unknown Speaker  00:04
Recording this

Unknown Speaker  00:25
so isn't it true, then,

Speaker 1  00:36
that Part of self preservation is adhering the rules of the community in the world that we're in.

Speaker 1  00:54
It's been interesting to watch. There's this guy who goes around just gonna cross them this weekend, little late to the party, but he has a channel where he interviews does like five minute or three minute interviews with successful people and ask them for their secret and have they been broke, and other things like that. And in terms of, have they been broke, almost universally, yes, maybe bankruptcy. And

Speaker 2  01:37
have they been relationally destroyed? Have they been financially destroyed. Have they banned all these things? Yeah, and inevitably, the answer is yes, yes, yes, yes,

Speaker 1  01:48
yes. You know, what's your advice when you went to younger folks? Or what was the turning point, betting on themselves.

Speaker 1  02:15
There's also been this recent debate about Paul Graham's recent Wait, was it just taco? Is his commentary on, I can't remember if he was the one who actually gave the talk on founder mode and talking about how,

Unknown Speaker  02:42
yeah,

Speaker 1  02:49
sorry. Brian Chesky was guy, maybe who had to talk and

Speaker 1  03:00
what's consistent? Another thing consistent in these interviews and elsewhere was

Unknown Speaker  03:19
a willingness to listen to themselves,

Speaker 1  03:28
sometimes to the exclusion and sometimes in defiance to what everybody else was saying. To trust your gut,

Speaker 2  03:41
trust your gut. To learn to trust your gut. Yeah, I

Speaker 2  04:04
You could call that intuition, you could call that spiritual awareness, you could call whatever, but that feeling deep in your gut, and you know, it's not an emotional reaction, you know, it's something more grounded than that. And you know that this thing I can't let go of, it keeps coming back on a loop. To investigate it, to trust it, to listen to it, to learn

Unknown Speaker  04:39
to hear that voice clearly.

Unknown Speaker  04:49
Powerful thing,

Speaker 2  04:52
and you can only learn to hear that voice clearly when you rolled the dice, taken a chance, crapped out, you know? Like, all that kind of stuff that you're like, Okay, I got nobody else around me sharing things other than the negative things, and so I'm gonna have to go internal and learn to listen to that voice.

Unknown Speaker  05:22
Me. Maybe we could call that voice

Unknown Speaker  05:27
the Holy Spirit.

Speaker 2  05:41
Jiminy Cricket, Tinkerbell, all these manifestations of that little voice that floats around and, you know, says things to us, or at least the Disney fight version of them. I

Speaker 2  06:10
it's really interesting, like I hear over and over again, whether it's in, you know, writing websites, or just in general, I hear the same point he made. Everything crumbled. My my partner left me. After this many years, I lost my business. I had a family member die. Had to move back home because I'm sick. My mom was sick, or, you know, something along those lines, and yet, in the midst of it, in such pain, in such horrible circumstances, the beauty of a rebirth happening.

Speaker 2  06:59
Paul on the road to Damascus knocked off his horse and blinded. And then this rebirth happens, Peter in his denial, and then he has this meeting on the shore with Jesus. And there's this rebirth that happens.

Speaker 2  07:30
Matthew walking away from his very profitable job as a tax collector and agent for Rome, leaving all of that behind. And now, what do I do? And there's this rebirth that happens, David making catastrophic decision after catastrophic decision and having it just hit rock bottom. And then there's this rebirth that happens. I

Unknown Speaker  08:19
let me take a two minute break. Run downstairs and check on the dog real Quick. I'll be right Back.

Unknown Speaker  08:25
Sounds Good? Okay, you

Unknown Speaker  09:58
Okay, bye.

Unknown Speaker  10:09
This is what we're talking about, right?

Speaker 1  10:12
This is this is the glass shattering. This is

Speaker 2  10:18
my life is no longer manageable, according to the methodologies that I've used or been taught. How do I move forward? I

Unknown Speaker  10:39
yeah,

Unknown Speaker  10:54
maybe it's just

Speaker 2  10:56
not just because I think it's incredibly difficult, but a shift in perspective. Maybe those thoughts and feelings and conceptual creations ideas were a prison, bam. So as they start to break apart, yes, it's the destruction of what was comfortable to me, but also, is there a new freedom applied here, potentially?

Speaker 1  11:32
Well, I think I mean it, it reminds me, I mean, I made a Facebook post along the lines of, if we, if we talk about time freedom, how come we're not talking about time prisoners, right? And one of my friends commented on there, and she said something like, it can, it can be hard to see when they're ready behind bars. You. Reminds

Speaker 2  12:05
me of this. There's this old story. So there the the building in India. He so is it? Hegia, Sophia, no, the Taj Mahal. Taj Mahal was built, and there's this prisoner who built it, who, every day could look out the small window in his cell and see the top spire of it, and that was the only view he had. And it's like, just resonates with what you're saying, like, like, how do you see you're a prisoner, and this is the only view you have. It's the only view you know, because you can't see it, and Your imagination has to fill In the Rest, right? I

Speaker 1  14:05
I mean, very pragmatically, we don't really ever have a need to abandon our paradigms until they fail us,

Unknown Speaker  14:18
or maybe not even fails, but ceases to function as

Unknown Speaker  14:21
it once did, sure.

Speaker 2  14:26
So in that sense, it ceases to function as it once did. And it's a developmental upgrade that needs to happen, not a failure.

Unknown Speaker  14:38
Okay, that's fair. I

Unknown Speaker  14:46
Right? That's fair.

Speaker 2  14:51
Like somebody was talking to me recently about their company and how their CRM has just been Pat so many times. That it's like 75% patch, yeah. And I guess within the coding world, it's like, if there's more than 25% patches, you need to scrap it and start over and rebuild something new. But you're at 75%

Speaker 1  15:19
and it's extremely rare. I mean, I had a very rare experience with that, because kind of development had went so far as to break off the software into a separate company after a sharp disagreement, so that he could insist upon maintenance because the prayer project, it wasn't that, and it was the prayer. It was a DOS version of the product. It was for this client, do this, for this client, do that, and became completely unmanageable. So he came up with a way to preserve the customizability without,

Unknown Speaker  16:10
without the patching, or having having low consequence patching that was, you know, but keeping it under that figure, I uh,

Speaker 1  16:27
even It's also fairly, I mean, it's not a it's a good analogy, too, for when we're moving past, you know when, When a paradigm no longer functions like it once did we step one. Let's prop it up with this little thing, yeah. And then let's go, let's go for the next one and the next one, etc, yeah,

Speaker 2  16:59
yeah. And life gets busy and things happen, and I only have time to do this, and you know, maybe days, weeks, years down the road, all of a sudden, you just have This unwieldy experience that isn't serving anybody you know,

Speaker 2  17:42
that maybe that's just what our spiritual life looks like. A lot of the time I'm having these experiences and I'm busy going and doing and being and becoming and I just patch and patch and patch and patch until one day I find myself just patched to death.

Unknown Speaker  18:10
So

Speaker 1  18:16
does the analogy hold true? Then i i Is there a life without patch? Patching? I think that's, I think that's a question.

Unknown Speaker  18:29
Is there a life without patching?

Unknown Speaker  18:33
Yeah, so in the software world, it means dedicating a certain amount of it means leaving margin, really,

Unknown Speaker  18:51
like

Speaker 1  19:01
making tough decisions like we could add this feature, but if we want to do this right, then we should spend a month on it instead of a week, perhaps For long term sustainability, or we can do this sprint, but there'll be a debt to pay for it, and we need to be disciplined on the other side of it, to make sure that we clean up after ourselves for the mess that we create. And

Unknown Speaker  19:56
that's a fascinating question. I.

Speaker 2  20:01
Everything inside says you can only patch so much, and then the skin needs to be peeled off and removed to reveal what's underneath it.

Speaker 2  20:27
If we see patching as some form of soothing or numbing,

Speaker 2  20:43
today I have this thing that I'm feeling. Do I see their numb it, or do I face it? What does that look like? Can I just put a patch over it for the day, and then tonight I can sit down and Think about it, or what Does that look like? I

Speaker 2  21:43
You could even see from certain perspective, prayer, meditation, journaling, like the spiritual exercises as patches,

Speaker 2  22:00
or you could see them as like real engagement with the process of becoming with the metamorphosis that is happening.

Unknown Speaker  22:15
So I guess it just depends on how you approach it. If I just want this problem to go away, that's we don't think it's a patch, but inevitably it's a patch. But if I want to understand why this thing's here, know myself better,

Unknown Speaker  22:39
then that's not a patch,

Unknown Speaker  22:44
that's development

Unknown Speaker  22:47
that's becoming

Speaker 2  22:55
it's like I've heard this analogy before and heard it again Recently, but it really struck me when a caterpillar goes into the cocoon, it essentially gets liquefied, and then it's transformed into a Butterfly

Speaker 1  23:16
like that sounds like A painful thing,

Unknown Speaker  23:22
Getting liquefied and

Speaker 2  24:34
maybe it really comes down to simplifying. It is there's this dynamic, this paradigm of fear and bravery, fear and courage. If I approach my life via the fear lens, then I'm just always going to be patching i. I approach it from a bravery perspective, mindset view, then I'm always going to be becoming

Speaker 1  25:19
because fear is bravery. Or the difference between going around or leaning in, yeah, and there's no development without leaning in,

Speaker 2  25:30
yeah. Well, there is a development, but it's a development towards avoidance.

Unknown Speaker  25:39
Well, okay,

Unknown Speaker  25:44
you are becoming something in that

Unknown Speaker  25:48
vein. That's something that serves you well long term, right?

Unknown Speaker  25:53
Not something you actually want to become. I

Unknown Speaker  26:06
interest.

Unknown Speaker  26:16
Well, there's also this sense of I

Speaker 1  26:24
this came up in conversation on Friday. You know, iron sharpening, iron sounds so wonderful until it isn't. But there's this, the imagery of of traction, I think, is borrowing from physics. Friction is required for traction. And where there is no friction, there's no traction and there's no movement. And I think part of what we're grasping for here, maybe, maybe I'm doing grasping you understand this better than I do. But what's the difference between the people who I mean, there's 1,000,001 ways to describe this experience, but the between the people who have have 40 years of the same experience versus the People who've actually had 40 years of new experiences. I

Speaker 2  27:45
I kind of 40 years of the same experience, the delusional mindset that comes in with like, I've tried all those things. They didn't work. No, you've tried all those things via the lens of, I need to preserve myself. Yeah, and so they didn't work because they were through the lens of you preserving yourself so you haven't tried all the things you know about, all the things you just haven't tried them. Actually, I

Speaker 2  28:25
Yeah, it's like the difference between knowing God and knowing about God.

Speaker 2  28:35
I know all the things about him. I just have never engaged with those things, which will bring you to knowing,

Unknown Speaker  28:53
yeah,

Unknown Speaker  29:02
oh. Always learning, never coming to the truth,

Unknown Speaker  29:07
always gathering information, never coming to a conclusion. I

Speaker 2  29:25
I have a client worked with for a few years, and then beginning anytime I would make a statement that would challenge her preconceived notions, first words out of her mouth. I know. I know. I know. Do you Okay? Like, why are we here? Then if you know all of this, as if knowing was what it took for us to move forward, at some point, there's gonna have to be some do. Based on the knowing.

Speaker 2  30:09
So now she catches herself when she says, I know. No, no, I acknowledge the existence of that thing.

Speaker 1  30:21
Okay? Okay, okay.

Speaker 1  30:32
So I have a question for you. Do you think there's a personality or psychological or like, I guess I don't know what is there a personality difference that lends people, lends towards people being in their head, versus not that predisposes them? Or is that a false distinction and a healthy, developed human leans into courage and in some form, actualizes their thoughts,

Speaker 2  31:12
yeah, well, I think, like all human beings, are in their head to one degree or another, yeah, and I think it's because of the chaotic nature of the world that we live in. It's not predictable. And I think the extent to which you are in your head living in this world is the extent to which this world and its experiences have traumatized you. I

Speaker 2  31:52
The extent to which you need to figure things out.

Speaker 1  32:00
So where they where the chaos of the world has brought you to such a sense of felt danger, yeah, that you then become protective of yourself, right by being in your head, right, so that You can predict the chaos and avoid it, right? Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  32:53
Interesting? You

Speaker 1  33:16
I don't know Kevin, I'm used to being the guy who other people tell me their head hurts. I

Unknown Speaker  33:26
I met my match.

Unknown Speaker  33:31
You're welcome.

Unknown Speaker  33:39
Yeah,

Speaker 2  33:47
yeah, I think, I think in a truly healthy sense, like this is what iron sharpening iron looks like, just this, back and forth of, have you considered this? Have you considered this? And then all of a sudden, my mind is spinning like I never even considered that, and like, what are the implications of that? And but to do it in community, that's the power.

Unknown Speaker  34:15
Well, I think much of what I

Speaker 1  34:25
so much to where people get it wrong. Many people get it wrong is

Speaker 1  34:35
Perry told the story of Perry Marshall told the story of one of his roundtable meetings, he talked about story of him and his wife, and how 10 years In, he played one of the songs that he played early on in their relationship, and his wife looked at him, and she's like, why are you playing that song now? And it was kind of this way. To call it, things weren't as they should be. And one of the members got all huffy and said, I felt embarrassed for you telling that story. I'm not coming back. Oh, which is a very good cultural self selection. But I think generally speaking, if you want to talk about places where this kind of discussion of dialog can exist with safety, that's that's a rare thing.

Unknown Speaker  35:42
It is very

Speaker 1  35:45
and even in a lot of contexts, the drive is towards a result and an outcome. Yep,

Unknown Speaker  36:02
quite often an ego

Unknown Speaker  36:04
driven result,

Unknown Speaker  36:06
right? An ego driven outcome. Right?

Speaker 1  36:19
Um, topic, slightly, yes, you were not intending to limit this, the roundtable, to just men. Were you? No, okay, bring them all. I didn't think so, but I did. I wanted to, somebody asked, and I wanted to confirm.

Speaker 2  36:41
No way. Oh, that would rob us of something beautiful,

Unknown Speaker  36:46
exactly. Oh, wow. That

Speaker 2  36:52
is an interesting question in and of itself, limiting it to mental. Why would I? Why would we do that?

Unknown Speaker  37:02
Well, it isn't interesting. But why do people do that?

Unknown Speaker  37:13
Because women should be silent in the assembly. They should have their husbands explain things to them.

Unknown Speaker  37:27
Well, I mean, I think, I think

Speaker 1  37:36
it is very interesting to observe that even in some of the places that

Speaker 1  37:48
there's very few places where women, at least from my observation, the outside looking in, there's very few places In business that women feel free to Be themselves, even in good environments and

Speaker 1  38:23
Yeah, anyway,

Unknown Speaker  38:33
interesting,

Unknown Speaker  38:39
well, even to expand that outwards, certainly, but any group, any portion of segment of society that is not considered equal, somehow to have them invited and engaged, to have a voice within a conversation is a very difficult thing.

Speaker 2  39:14
Like historically, women within the church have not been encouraged to join in the conversation,

Unknown Speaker  39:23
right? You know,

Speaker 2  39:26
and using a very wide measure here, but let's say people who have some sort of mental instability, they're not encouraged to join in the conversation, but they have an experience to share. I think that's what's so powerful about what Jesus is doing. He's inviting these marginalized people into the conversation, the prostitute, the tax collector, the Gentile. Like he's inviting them into a conversation, whereas they were historically outside of the walls of Orthodoxy,

Speaker 1  40:10
right? Well, I mean tying this back to the beginning of founder mode, Steve Jobs, turns out, held a retreat every year of the people he considered to be the 100 most important people at Apple. Now you can argue that's not including marginalized people, but the interesting thing about it was that it was without any respect of org chart or hierarchy, right?

Speaker 2  40:41
So by doing that, I mean intriguing ideas I'd like to hear. I'd like to hear what you have to say. Yeah. Did you ever watch the office? No, okay, so there's this one scene that the new president comes in and he decides he's going to have this round table with some of the employees. And the employees are just buffoons, but he's like, everybody like, I want to hear everybody talk. And there's this one guy who's just not great at this job, and just really like he's kind of a character of the hedonistic person that just cares about food and his pleasure, and that's it. And so he's asking for ideas, and he throws out this idea about cookies, and the boss is taking it as a metaphor, but he's actually talking about cookies.

Speaker 2  41:42
Yeah, and so the boss goes on this tangent, which is, ends up being really beneficial from this idea. And he's like, at the end, he's like, No, I was just talking about cookies, and he took it and ran with it. But maybe that's what we're looking for is those people in that room that have an experience, and to be able to share their experience, even if it is about cookies, to be able to run with that. And what does that trigger in you when you think about it, and what does it what what thoughts does it create in me? And how do we move forward from there?

Speaker 1  42:24
There's a lot of people in these contexts, too, if they're just thinking about cookies, they feel like they don't belong in these types of conversations, right? Because I'm so simple and so practical. And how does this? Yeah, cool, cool. I don't have anything to contribute.

Unknown Speaker  42:50
How do we change that?

Unknown Speaker  42:53
Change that,

Speaker 2  42:54
and I think it's providing an environment like we're providing saying, Let's investigate this. Let's investigate a who you are, how your thought process was developed, and then what is the input all these people have on your thought process that can move us forward? Yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  43:35
I think that's a good place to pause. I think so my brain's starting to get pride.

Unknown Speaker  43:42
We both got days.

Unknown Speaker  43:43
We got a weekend ahead of us, exactly.

Unknown Speaker  43:48
Cool, Wednesday morning or no?

Unknown Speaker  43:50
Yeah, I love Wednesday morning. That'd be great.

Unknown Speaker  43:53
Okay, sounds good. I will send it over.

Unknown Speaker  43:56
Alright, buddy. I'll see you this afternoon. Cool. Sounds good. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai