Matthias Miller  00:03
Okay, hopefully the audio comes through okay on this I'm gonna go ahead and walking you through this you know, besides a few there's a few typos and things like that. One of the things that I was thinking is having this be the Heading format and control one etc You know, I think this should be simplified there's there's a lot of small small changes and tweaks like this can be simplified down just some kind of input, an input, an action, and an output could be a way to simplify this down a little bit, spaced it out indented and

Matthias Miller  01:00
you know, here we could do a my introduction to systems heading. The interconnection these are some really long words but I think some of the tool sets that I gave you to simplify language could really help

Matthias Miller  01:26
these are sidenote This is getting really deep down in the weeds, but these are this is a really long one to see how, how big these are. I do like using these bullets and triads where I can think it's usually easily easier to conceptualize. And so you could possibly even combine these two when systems are and how they work and then how businesses work. You know, again, these are these are long words conglomerate interconnectors, those are really long words. Heading you know big heading again I don't know really how deep in depth into the weeds that you want to get some of that formatting is going to be really helpful in in the increasing the flow and even sub headings for number one number two, kind of these these sub headings this is

Unknown Speaker  02:29
what this guy's name is blank and what is it? 2120 No

Unknown Speaker  02:47
Let's see. See if I can find it here

Unknown Speaker  03:08
it's not that I can't remember the guys name anyway, let me go find that

Matthias Miller  03:25
you know something around, you know, possibly even diagnosing the issue. I mean, where to start whatever this one I would change the example from

Matthias Miller  03:44
instead of just entering all this information, which might actually be possible but instead of putting all this information in there, you could use this report to enter their credit card number could reconnect the conversation within life. It's somebody's got to put in you know, like, Don't credit card number in here. Some of these things are one of the things that I do sometimes when I'm talking that I really don't like because I talk in very big superlatives. And you know, why is it so terrible? I don't know I don't really that's that's spoken language but I don't really like it that much as written language. And oh

Matthias Miller  04:38
you know, and I think I think perhaps just going through there and like playing some of these things that might help I don't I don't know if there's more specifics that you want. This will be something beyond just something to consider. It should give you some kind of idea about what we're talking about here.

Matthias Miller  05:02
This would be a great case to say, let me share a personal example right here

Matthias Miller  05:24
so I think, I think I think this is I think this is on track. This is the kind of thing that I'm looking for big picture, you know, clarify some of the sections section, make the section headings a bit bigger, so it's easier to read. But again, big picture. This is where was absolutely where we're, where we want to be headed this stuff. And then I think it's a matter of some of these tools are really going to help you. Like the Hemingway app is really gonna help you to simplify the wording. Find other types of language stuff that needs to be cleaned up. And it's Yeah, so I don't know if that's gives you enough of the answer that you're looking for, but hopefully


Transcribed by https://otter.ai