Speaker 1  00:27
Hello, hello, hello, hello. How was Messias Miller today? Well, you know,

Unknown Speaker  00:35
inwardly good and working on figuring out the externals.

Unknown Speaker  00:39
I missed the keyword they're always the first part of

Matthias Miller  00:41
that inwardly great and working on figuring out the internals or the externally. Good,

Speaker 1  00:46
okay, got it. Got it. So I Well, I've had a crazy afternoon, and was supposed to and had a bunch of meetings, and then the next person disappeared on me. So I've been thinking about you, and hadn't heard a whole lot from you in the last week or so, and thought I'd check in. Yes, that's update. Yes, that's update. So how are things?

Matthias Miller  01:11
On a personal note, I preached a wedding sorry, a funeral message, which was the most nerve wracking thing I've ever done,

Speaker 1  01:20
I can imagine, got a lot of extremely

Matthias Miller  01:23
positive feedback. So that's good, and it's been really tough for my wife, and so we're just walking through that. One of my friends from church just made this comment. She's like, Yeah, I knew when, when you guys knew that they were making the decision to take her off, off the off the ventilator, that you guys that she was like a sister, yep. So that's, that's the whole thing I am, fortunately a project I have had handed off to my nephew for Excel development came bouncing back to me, and may end up saving my bacon here as well. We had a call with so here's what we have in the so that's a software project. And

Unknown Speaker  02:26
let's see what else I

Matthias Miller  02:30
have, another software project coming up in a couple of weeks. And so those are kind of those consulting gigs. I have one discovery in the works. I have a fractional sales role in the works, talking with both of them, probably Friday or Monday. I talked to I had a conversation with a close friend of mine that I've talked about previously, about the lead idea, and he said, Why are you not just doing it yourself? And basically, point blank said, You need to go ask. What kind of head crash is keeping you

Speaker 1  03:19
from doing that? I'm sorry, so and, and that we say, doing that we're talking about,

Unknown Speaker  03:24
be the dealer. Be the dealer.

Unknown Speaker  03:27
Get 10% Yes, yep.

Matthias Miller  03:29
So and I've got a guy in Oklahoma I've been trying to get a hold of, I have a contact, a potential referral from a contact of mine, if somebody could be interested in that. So I'm exploring that. I had a conversation with the metal structures guy today, and I'm putting together that conversation, putting that together in a sorry putting together basically an email that can function as an agreement with roles and expectations, and doing a trial period on that And and looking at kicking that off

Unknown Speaker  04:20
the what else

Matthias Miller  04:26
with that particular one that falls probably technically outside of the scope of the okay, there's, we have the case study guy who signed on. He has an onboarding meeting Kentucky. Yes,

Speaker 1  04:44
I haven't seen or heard any details. What's the

Matthias Miller  04:48
onboarding call tomorrow? So you should have details by tomorrow night.

Speaker 1  04:51
Awesome. Love it. Okay, at least I know what to expect. That's very helpful.

Speaker 2  04:57
I have I. All right, so all that

Unknown Speaker  05:05
would you,

Matthias Miller  05:09
I would personally love to do some of the SDR work, at least for a period of time, but probably not very long for Micah, but with our family situation, I really probably can't and shouldn't. Is there any world in which, if we included revenue share on what we get, where you would want to do SDR work evenings from about five to nine, ish with breaks and whatever it looks like at least. You know, maybe two, maybe three nights a week.

Unknown Speaker  05:56
Who is Micah?

Matthias Miller  05:58
He's the metal structures guy who wants us to help do SDR and admin work.

Unknown Speaker  06:06
SDR to me, is a B, sorry,

Matthias Miller  06:07
what? What is or B to C? It's a B to C, metal structures, appointment setting, Facebook Messenger messages. That's what it is

Speaker 1  06:17
to people who is this. Are we talking like cold DMS to consumers on Facebook?

Matthias Miller  06:22
No, no, people responding to Facebook marketplace.

Speaker 1  06:27
Okay, now that I know, I'm talking about the answers, yes, all right, yeah, well, I have a lot to say, but you keep going first. So yes, that is conceivably quite possible. I have questions and things, but I can see that yes, okay, Micah is the metal shed guy in where, Colorado, my area. Okay, you're calling it SDR, which is very interesting, but basically

Matthias Miller  07:01
this Dr. So I was like, Well, sure, I don't know, but whatever,

Unknown Speaker  07:06
messenger and comment follow up on Facebook,

Matthias Miller  07:09
primarily, messenger, Yes,

Unknown Speaker  07:13
sounds good. I get to learn to be a salesman. Okay,

Matthias Miller  07:16
well and Audra will help develop the SDR process. Out

Speaker 1  07:21
of curiosity, and I'm not trying to push it on to her. I'm just curious why she hasn't done this already, like, why not? Because

Matthias Miller  07:28
she's going to do it a couple nights a week, but she can't do it full time.

Unknown Speaker  07:34
Okay, not enough time, okay?

Speaker 2  07:38
And I would, I just, I don't know,

Speaker 1  07:44
this is a client, and they're willing to do this on rev share,

Matthias Miller  07:48
yes, 5% of total rep of retail price.

Speaker 1  07:52
And just, just out of sheer curiosity, why are why? Why are a team member of theirs or an outsource cheapie not doing this for that person already,

Matthias Miller  08:01
because he doesn't know how to hire. He doesn't want to hire. He doesn't want to mess with hiring. He's a one man band. He's been burned in the past. He just wants somebody he can trust to go get that's actually, that's actually a great set of reasons. I love it. Okay? And he has health issues. He has, oh, this is the health issue guy, okay, this is the health issue guy. So he can't, can't work. He's still going to work about three days a week, and he's not looking to take over the world. He said this can't expand other regions. He doesn't want to be driving it. If it does, he probably wouldn't want at least some piece of the pie. Like, if we could, I would expect, if we could retire him at one or 200k a year, off of, off of a royalty or something of or some, I don't even know what that he would be quite delighted So, and, you know, maybe show up in an advisory role, or, You know, I don't know what his but that's what that is. And he would like to do payment. As soon as he gets the payment, he would like to pay us, and if you're involved, then as soon as I get the payment, I pass it on to you. So it'll be very quick turnaround, which he wants for incentive purposes. And I agree. So,

Unknown Speaker  09:33
okay, cool. My chameleon skin is changing colors at a rapid rate. Rapid that was meant to be funny.

Speaker 2  09:46
I was trying to figure I see like, Red was rage, Green was envy. Sorry, just

Speaker 1  09:52
over the map. All over with this month, definitely not angry. But other than that, all over the map, um, let me uh. I feel slightly foolish. I was literally on a call, got off the call, was trying to get on another call, and that didn't work. I noticed something that reminded me of you, and I kind of got on this call without being prepared for anything, which is hilarious in a certain sense, are you? I know it's the end of your day. Are were you about to walk out the door? I

Matthias Miller  10:18
have a little bit of time. I have a softer project that I want to get knocked out this weekend, but I'm very happy to take time for you. Awesome. I have another 45 minutes.

Speaker 1  10:28
I need to ask one of my boys a question, and they just got out of the class. If you don't mind, give me five minutes and I'll be right back on the Zoom. We can even leave it running, if that's all right, sure, just leave it running and I'll be here, yep, yep, and I'll just shout or something when I I'm going to mute in the meantime, and I'll be right back. Pretty perfect. Sounds good. I'm very interested in all this, but this is not how I expected this conversation to go. But I'm curious. Let's see what we can do here with this. Is what he is, right? What's his business name? For clarification,

Matthias Miller  10:58
Rocky Mountain structures. Micah

Speaker 1  11:00
is the metal shed guy in Colorado. Biz name is Rocky Mountain structures. They already have a website and Facebook. Apparently

Matthias Miller  11:09
they have Facebook. This is a new brand that he wants to do. He's currently under premier buildings USA or something. Not, I don't know. Is

Speaker 1  11:18
that kind of franchise ish, I think I saw some of those while prospect,

Matthias Miller  11:22
sorry, not. It wasn't Premier. He's not franchise. Ish, I forget what is. He has a business name that's not localized, and he wants to rebrand for a local business. And he has a website that's mostly done, but not completely.

Unknown Speaker  11:40
Okay, got it? Okay, yep, five minute break. Sorry, we're right back. Yep,

Unknown Speaker  17:37
Sorry about that. No

Matthias Miller  17:40
worries. Every time I see the waiting room I think of a court case. Admit or deny.

Speaker 1  17:46
That's hilarious. Okay, um, okay, so, um,

Matthias Miller  17:56
don't forget to, don't forget to ask me about Jeremy Martin.

Speaker 1  18:00
I'm making a note. Jeremy Martin, blow your mind. That is not the cornerstone. Jeremy, that's a different Jeremy, right?

Unknown Speaker  18:07
Yes. Cornerstone is a weaver. Uh,

Speaker 1  18:11
speaking of Weaver, how's he doing? Have not checked in with him this week. Okay? And I haven't even looked at I actually, so when I first set up in order to simply prove that things were working. I left the lead notification on sending a copy to myself when a new lead came in. So merely because I see those emails coming in, I know his Facebook ads are still running. I just haven't looked in a few days to see how it's going, yep, but I have fairly good faith that it's going well, and no reason to believe it's not so, yep. Um, I feel like he is a fantastic case study for our ability to generate leads, and I wish we could then turn him into a fantastic case study for some guy's ability to close those leads, but that's out of my hands. Yep.

Matthias Miller  19:03
I agree, but we're not there yet. We're waiting on GHL.

Unknown Speaker  19:10
That's good. I don't

Unknown Speaker  19:11
think we can do anything until

Speaker 1  19:12
then, although I will ask this, why GHL? His phone is broken. That's a that's a semi joke. No,

Matthias Miller  19:18
it's just he doesn't want you know how hard it is to do volume that way. He has to do numbers, volume, push, push, push. That's really hard to do when you've got, when everything's disconnected from when you're running on a separate phone. He

Unknown Speaker  19:35
has no, um, okay, I got it, and that's enough. I get the point.

Speaker 1  19:42
When is, when was that due? Again, like March, end of March, couple weeks, maybe this, it's like the 20 something this month. Yeah. Okay, all right. Um, okay, uh, was there any other general topics you wanted to go over before I ask questions? I. Who

Matthias Miller  20:01
add moment just to get it off my off, my brain. Yep, Perry put together this marketing DNA team chat. GBT, okay, I put you and I in there. It said Matthias should work on brand and messaging and all the emotional aspects. And Jonathan should work on the systematic, repeatable, measurable, like things to do. I'm like, interesting, and so I'm going to throw, I'm going to throw Audrey into the mix and have it do it with the three of us, and then come back with results and shoot it out to everybody. But I was like, Oh, well, that's, I don't think anybody's falling over in surprise. So there you go.

Speaker 1  20:36
That's pretty funny. Yeah, well, I took a quick note. It said Matthias should work on the what, what did it say about you? Like

Matthias Miller  20:43
the brand and messaging and the emotional side and the most? Yeah, I don't know if it said the innovation side or not, but

Speaker 1  20:52
that's hilarious. Okay, all right, awesome. So, um, I got a bunch of things running through my head. So let's go back to Micah, the metal structures guy, for a second. So without too many details, recap that situation for me from the top down. I remember actually talking about it on the phone. Maybe we could go talking about how we could kind of like both, both learn and get paid by him, meaning we could help him. We could help him actually get leads, close leads. I remember talking about taking over the Facebook marketplace activity for him, I remember that he's the guy that had some health issues and just can't do it all anymore. And then, like, as we move towards this model where, where either A, we're going to help more and more people do this, or B, we're going to do it for ourselves. I do think there's real value. And I'm not just mean ethereal, intangible value, but pretty concrete value in getting some reps in on remote closing or any part of that activity, like from lead to close. So

Matthias Miller  22:13
yep. So he says, he says, a lot of people go with him because you were willing to come in person, shake my hand and do the deal. And Chris Johnston and Frank Michael both say, or Chris Johnson specifically said, everybody's up in arms about AI and realtors, they're going to go away. He's like, nope. They don't. Because when you're when you're making a purchase of 5000 to 50,000 to 200,000 to 500,000 whatever it is you want a human there, and that's as old as the hills, and as far as it can go, I think where the room is is going to somebody who's already selling something and has capacity for more. And you say, I want you to be our rep in the area, and this is what it's going to be, and we're going to train you, and this is how you're going to act, and this is what's demanded of you or required of you, and we'll pay you X, and you're going to get warm leads. So it's like what it's like the Lead Gen system where we booked the appointment, except now they're working for us. We're giving it to our reps, so that there's somebody in the flesh, shaking hands.

Speaker 1  23:28
You disappeared. Can you hear me? Ah, can you hear me? The last thing I heard was shaking hands. Can you start from there? Oh,

Matthias Miller  23:40
I don't know which shaking hands was. Just recent. Shaking hands, yes.

Speaker 1  23:43
Okay, so they're gonna work for us, our reps in the field going there, shaking hands. No idea, yes.

Matthias Miller  23:49
So then find somebody in the community, whatever area you're in, who's well networked, well liked, well respected as a salesperson, and say, Look, can we give you these hot deals? We'll train you what it takes to close them. They're hot deals ready to buy. We need a local face and presence, and we're going to back you 100% and you get, no, you don't get 10% because you're not or 15 which they don't need to know this, but they're not getting 15% because they're not doing 15% work. They're taking a war lead. They're driving maybe an hour or two, setting an appointment, doing a few calls, talking it through, and getting a signature boom done, and and so that's the model I would go if we're looking to scale, because I don't know, argue with me. I think people like you and I might do it sight unseen, with enough online reputation, but I don't think the market's there yet.

Speaker 1  24:49
I agree. No, no, no argument. I agree. Okay, okay, so you're alright. So basically, you're, you're, you're looking at becoming the i. Uh, whatever you call the company that owns and runs franchise, almost Not, not. I know I shouldn't have said that, because now you're just thinking of a ton of other things, but basically you've got the brand and the network and everything else, and then you need somebody to be boots on the ground in location. In other words, you need dealers, not dealers the way that's normally meant, but dealers human in that location to be a face the last mile we need the last mile and, and there's probably a bunch of Mennonites you can hire to do

Matthias Miller  25:30
that, and, and everything looks regionally owned, and we have regional brands.

Unknown Speaker  25:38
But why?

Matthias Miller  25:41
Because it's the same thing of local affinity. There's a name I trust, if you're in Waco, and I don't know what the regional terms are, but there's a guy, there's there's somebody locally who's like, I mean, in my area, I think it's going to help him to have Rocky Mountain structures versus the big national corporation USA.

Speaker 1  26:10
I can't argue with that. Sounds. Sounds good. I mean, I think,

Matthias Miller  26:14
I think people want to buy local. So let's, I mean, let's, so we'll have a whole infrastructure that's national, if this is where we go, but it's going to be that. It's going to be, it's like a hidden network effect, if you want to use fancy terms, it looks like a ton of independent businesses, but under the hood, it's all the same infrastructure and process running everything.

Speaker 1  26:36
Yeah, yeah, okay, yeah. Can't be done. Okay. Talk to me a little bit more about Micah. So he's ready for someone to start when

Matthias Miller  26:52
our next meeting. So I'm getting access to his Facebook by tomorrow, sometime, I'm putting the agreement to send over find finalizing any details on that and but Audra and I cannot book a call with him until Thursday because of her being out of the office. Yes, next Thursday,

Unknown Speaker  27:16
because she's out of the office.

Matthias Miller  27:17
She's out of the office Monday and Wednesday and Tuesday. We're doing a Planning Day,

Unknown Speaker  27:27
okay, and

Unknown Speaker  27:36
she has to be at the meeting.

Matthias Miller  27:40
I don't know. I mean, if she's doing the work, it would make sense to have her so the next meeting was going to be walking through him, responding to some messages, going through some messages, all that stuff. Oh yeah,

Speaker 1  27:53
yeah. I get it. She's doing the work. Yeah, yep, yep, yep, yep, okay, um, so

Speaker 1  28:05
I'll get more into this later, but just bear in mind that where I'm at right now is I have almost infinite possibilities that might all pay me later, but at this point, I'm not going to live that long? Yeah, I gotta do something to move the needle now. And the problem with every short term thing that I've come up with is that it almost automatically compromises or undermines my ability to participate in the long run. Right? Yes, like so for a random example, I have a guy right now that I trust a lot. I've known him for years, who thinks he can help me put together an offer where I will basically, short version is sell, sell a little thing that's going to pay me to get on Discovery calls with people who might turn into clients. That's awesome, but if I have to walk out the door tomorrow and go get a job flipping burgers, I won't have time for sales calls. I'll be at McDonald's instead of at my desk. Right? Yeah, so, right. And I've been fighting this battle for three months, well, I mean, for ages, but really badly, for a couple months straight. And like, I got, if any of and I'm not trying to pressure you, that's not the point. I'm just trying to explain where I'm at, something's got to begin to happen with with any of my long term projects, if I'm going to avoid a situation where I'm basically shooting myself in the foot for short term income. Yes, uh, like it or not, and yes, I'm to blame, and I'm responsible for my own life and so on and so forth. But like it or not, I have enough kids and enough debt that I cannot go pick up an average American $20 an hour job and actually pay bills, which constantly, and also I don't want to go work a job in. Town, and those, those two things constantly bring me back around to kind of like, well, alright, then so if I literally have to have a businessman size income to survive, then I jolly better. Well, get to doing some business. And so then the question becomes, what, what exactly am I supposed to be doing with my time? I really, really, really, really like the idea of spending my time with you, and I like the product, and I like right? I'm not, I'm not selling snake oil with you. I like all the Anabaptist stuff or the hard working construction builder stuff. It's all good. I'll pause for a moment tell a quick story. I early on, worked with the guy from Planet Perry, who is some sort of Christian, I don't know what, and had a lot of real successes under his belt, selling info products. And then at one point, while working with him, he was kind of pulling his hair out trying to find more classic stuff to sell. He sold some health stuff for a while, good, good health stuff. And he sold dog food for a while. And at one point I asked him, like, since you're so good at info products, why in the world aren't you just leveraging that? And he actually said to me, because Jonathan, you and I both know that most people who buy Info Products never do anything with it. And so since I know that if I sell them in for products, and I know I'm taking their money and they're not getting any value out of that, I don't want to meet my maker and basically have that on my conscience. That's not quite his choice of words, but pretty close. And I thought that was pretty phenomenal, because I'm going to be honest, I don't currently have a problem selling an info product, and I am aware that a lot of people don't take action, but then some people do, and either way, that's their problem, not mine. But that does play in the back of my mind every once in a while. And so when I say I'm happy selling sheds and working with Anabaptist like that's a consideration. If that makes any sense, I could be selling worse things or working with worse people. Let's put it that way, for sure, for sure. So all that said, I need a way to move the needle. That does not mean I need $100,000 a month tomorrow, but $100 a month for the next couple of months until something bigger happens is just not going to work for me. So, yep, so

Matthias Miller  32:31
I mean, rich the discovery, okay, there's part of me that gives me a little bit of a knot in the stomach. I'm just,

Unknown Speaker  32:39
I'm sorry I keep but don't

Matthias Miller  32:43
no like, but because, but I know it goes both ways, like it's just both of us are in this situation, but if I do a discovery, then, then that's a nice grand that lands in your pocket. Grand, or maybe even more, depending on the size of discovery, with very little for you to do for it, and and if I do a sales manager role, then I got to figure out. But, I mean, I think, I mean, the biggest thing then is, this goes without saying, I'm expecting you, if I'm, if I'm, we need to figure out what the appropriate expectation is. But if I'm doing a discovery, doing most of the work you're doing, maybe some ad some ad audits, or something PVC audits. But if I'm overpaying for what I'm getting, then it's either compensating for work you put in earlier, or I'm getting more work in addition out of it, and if we do the same thing with the sales manager role, then and I land a say, I don't know. Let's say I land a seven to 10 grand a month retainer. And I don't know if I'll be able to do that or not. I don't know what I'll be able to do, but if you're getting 1500 to 3k a month that there's some kind of, you're, you're working on marketing stuff for, I don't know, some the long game that we're looking to build, or, or some short term stuff, or I don't, I don't even know what. So when we land, when I land, consulting style gigs in this industry or closely adjacent, we probably need to have an honest conversation about what is fair in both directions for

Speaker 1  34:41
Yeah, I hear you. I think just part of the problem you and I are both having, in general, is these shifting goal posts, because, like, in a certain sense, if you pivot and go a certain direction, then you're paying me for almost nothing, right? But the reason we got there was because originally, you. You were paying for something. The idea was that I was going to help you serve as clients and and build stuff. But then, if, like, if we move away from that goal all of a sudden, then you don't know what you're paying me for. And that makes perfect sense, by the way. So okay, let me revert to this question. Have you completely given up on the idea, and I don't care short term, medium term, long term, of trying to get like, Jeremy weaver style clients and running stuff for them, whether that's ads or sales training or automation or all three, or whatever. Is that like, just kind of really happening anymore. I

Matthias Miller  35:43
have not completely given up, but I'm not. I don't actually believe the economics. Well, certainly the economics for me. But even beyond, I'm not sure that the economics work for a phone closer to sell those things. So if you if we have a world in which we can roll out a campaign and do this with people, great,

Speaker 1  36:18
I and I'm sorry for constantly being ADHD on you. I am slightly aghast at the fact that I literally said this the other day, but I'm just pointing out that for 15 years I have wished I had a functioning campaign and system for a very specific niche that I could just rinse, wash and repeat, and now that we finally got one, we seem unable to use, like, what happened there? I almost wonder we should go back around and, like, ignore everything. I don't mean as our sole focus, but maybe as a prong on the fork, if we should go back around to contacting shed business owners, dealers, whatever, and literally saying, just like, can you use more leads? Because if you can, we have a system that pumps out leads all day long, and they're cheap, like, probably cheaper than anything else you're paying for right now, and they're exclusive. Um, like, if we focused on that one thing alone, like, Do you want more Leads? Yes or no. Do you think we could sell 20 or 30 of these?

Matthias Miller  37:38
I mean, it seems likely.

Speaker 1  37:42
And any reason not to. I know there is a reason. It's called the big picture, but if we just ignore the bigger aspirations for a minute and think like we've got this really good thing that actually has value, and we can charge, you know, a nominal price for it, 750 a month, or 500 a month, if that's what we need to do for now. Need to do for now, why not grease everybody's wheels and line your pocket in mind by selling some of these for a while to kind of pave the road?

Matthias Miller  38:13
I don't have a problem with that. I

Speaker 1  38:19
well, you actually do have logistical problems. One of them is time of day to do sales calls.

Matthias Miller  38:27
Two and I can't do it spending hours a day selling this. But if there's a world in which you and Audra can come up with a marketing scheme or plan and you can even book calls with her, if she's got availability to talk to these people. And we can even tee it up where, if there has to be a sales conversation that they actually talk to me, however, it needs to work. I don't mind. I don't mind being the last mile on these things. I just can't so I think the ideas sound I I'm just I can't Okay, here's what it's like for me. In my mind, there's the part of my issue is mental space, and so I can't chase that and go chase Micah and go chase the discuss fractional city, yep,

Speaker 1  39:32
I lost your audio again. Are you there? Can you hear me? Testing, testing. Here you are okay. You were gone for about 20 seconds there.

Matthias Miller  39:43
Okay, so I can't I think part of my issue is headspace. I think it's perfectly reasonable to chase these. I'm happy to bring on the business. I don't have headspace to chase Micah and fractional sales manager, roles, gigs. And also have space to be super in depth, in the weeds, I don't mind doing late afternoon calls, talking through action steps and helping to formulate things and whatever. But to be super hands on, and certainly to be prospecting economically, does not work.

Unknown Speaker  40:21
Taking some notes.

Matthias Miller  40:27
And I think this is a case of indoctrination, and I don't care how it happens. The idea was, what Chris Johnson's idea was with manufacturers is, I send a monthly newsletter with the tactical steps of how to do it, which they will never do, and and then they finally throw their hands and hire you. I don't think that's exactly the right approach, but I do think some indoctrination approach, and maybe it's you and I hopping on a call and doing an interview and pushing into Claude and and and here is the, here is the like we're doing. We're doing postcards to get on email, or maybe we're doing text messages to say, hey, look, I'm writing an article like, can I? Can I shoot over the link? Or, I don't know what it is, I can be in the blend in the cocktail of things. I just can't spend this much time prospecting.

Speaker 1  41:29
Okay, I got it. Um, so, okay, uh, referring to, to Micah, um, help me understand anything about how many dollars we're talking about and how much time we're talking about? Literally, this is just, and this is not like, how can I get rich? This is like, are we talking about 90 hours a week for for nine months, and then I'll get paid 100 bucks or or right?

Matthias Miller  42:03
So he did 4 million in the last two years. I forget he he almost did six figures. One No, was it six figures? One month that that doesn't cap out. There's something I think he almost did. I want to say he was, I don't remember what it was. He had one month where he was trying to top one of those magical numbers. Yeah, a million would be 84,000 he would have it was more than that. I don't know what it was, and he's offering 5% and so you, if we just keep at current rate, you're getting about $2,500 a month. And because you have like, 30% accurate rates, 30% of 5% is 1.5% off of 2 million. It's it's about 84 like 168k Well, I don't know, somehow that's what my numbers came out to. I don't know. You can probably you can probably do them faster than I can again, but I was thinking it's something like that. You get paid as soon as the customer makes the deposit, which is the down payment, or like, as soon as that lands, so within a week, for sure. So let's do these numbers, 84,000 times two. That's the monthly times point oh, one five. Hang on, 84,000 times two times point oh, one five. Yeah. So, so it's about $2,500 $2,500 a month. Audra is willing to cover a couple days a week. I need probably it's 816, maybe 30. I want to guess 30 to 40 hours a month, if you're just covering two evenings a week,

Speaker 1  44:08
do you want me to do more? You want me to do less? I'm trying to understand, I mean, you

Matthias Miller  44:13
can do as you can do as much as you want. Obviously, the goal is that the more that we do and the better we do it, the more money we'll make. And ideally, we get to the point where somebody's begging, maybe it's me, to hop in a car, truck or something, and go see these people and close the deals. More deals in person I get. I get an additional 3% for every deal that I end up closing, and so and so. There's a little bit of kickback from you if we get to a capacity point where we need that. We think that Facebook marketplaces, there's plenty of demand on Facebook marketplace, and. Them to grow. But if that, if we max out that lead source, certainly there's Facebook and Google. I mean, there's certainly Google ads that would be that he would be paying for out of his budget, not ours. I don't know. Does that answer? So that was a long answer to a short question. Question was more hours? Well, like, let's make it efficient. And I mean, if, if your team member in the Philippines is good enough to do this, and like, however this works out, and can work those hours and can can meet quality standards and all this stuff, then that's an option too, and we can, I don't know, there you go, I guess. Sorry. Let me try to give you a simple, clear answer from the top, more hours. I think ideally we would probably, if somebody were gung ho and hungry, they would do every evening. Audre can do daytime catch up. So they would do every evening, unless Audrey can cover one or two or two, however long she can do that, and would also hop in at least for a bit on Saturday and maybe do a few hours on Saturday. The reason being, these are consumers busy working middle class people catch them when they're free.

Speaker 1  46:38
Yeah, I have so I so short. Short version is I can do evenings, afternoons and evenings every day of the week, except for Wednesday on a normal week. Like, I don't say I want to or should, but I can, like, Wednesdays are the only evening where I know I'm not available on a regular basis. Theory, I can do any other combo, or however you want to look at it, team member in the Philippines, yeah, you bet, once we get some efficiency and scale right this minute, no, I'll need to do it myself. I Yeah, but anyway, cool. So okay, but the problem for me, and I hate this. I just detest this, this part right here. But the problem for me is you're not even meeting with him for a week, which means we won't have a process for a few days after that, and I won't get started until a few days after that, and somebody's not going to close well and make a down payment for a week after that. So we're looking at a month from now, right?

Matthias Miller  47:41
Honesty, we really don't know. I don't think it's a month. I think it's a week, maybe two.

Unknown Speaker  47:52
Yeah.

Matthias Miller  47:58
Now we can also say, Look, we're in a cash crunch. So the reason we're doing planning day on Tuesday is because Audrey's in in the springs, which is close enough for us to meet up in person. We've never actually met in person before, and it just makes sense. Now, could we potentially reorient our schedule and see about us doing a call with Jeremy, sorry Micah, over that time so we can move up. Move it up by two days. Yes, we could explore that. I think it could be good for both of us.

Speaker 1  48:42
Okay, I think I missed something there. You're just saying you could move the whole thing up a few days.

Matthias Miller  48:49
Pretend. I mean, if we need to, we could, we could take a look at that.

Speaker 1  48:54
I hate the pressure that that puts on you, because, again, this is not your problem, and I hate to see you spending time or energy sprinting just to accommodate me or something. So I appreciate it. I just don't like doing it to you. So okay, pretend all is well, and we have started actually messaging on Facebook. What's the average length of time to a close like somebody inquires on Facebook. Hey, I like your picture there, looking for a 10 by 20. You got any and then we start talking to them, chances of them paying? What's the time frame on when? If, let's say, they do turn into a buyer? But what's the average time frame on that? I think it's something like one to two weeks. One to two. That's what I thought. Okay, yeah. So in all honesty and sprinting, sprinting is good, but by a day or two does not change that. So, so just honestly, we really are talking about a month out before money changes hands. I think, sure, I think it's reasonable to look at it that way. Anyhow. Yeah, okay. Well, and assuming that Audra can do it, are we tracking attribution like Audra closes this and Jonathan closes that or participates in the closing rather, I wasn't

Matthias Miller  50:20
going to. I was going to, I was going to do it lump sum.

Speaker 1  50:23
Okay, that works for all three of us. Her, you,

Matthias Miller  50:27
she's getting paid hourly, and we have not talked about what that looks like when she's available for four hours, but only messaging half the time. So I don't know what that I don't know what that looks like yet. We I need to work it out with her. Okay,

Speaker 1  50:50
cool, so let's see here. Well on i Okay. Well, that that, that paints a pretty good picture for me on the amount of activity required, what it might produce and how long it would take to get there. And that's what I needed. Was some conceptualization, okay? And so then back to the idea of trying to find more people who would buy Facebook ads as a service from us. Are we thinking that Audra and I would do the cold text messaging again and just see if any of those people are interested?

Matthias Miller  51:36
Well, the way that we would do it is that we would, I've got scripts that's exporting everything out of GHL, and I could add a another layer that pushes it to chat GPT, and has a special prompt that checks to see who we think is most ready to buy and what services they were interested in and what their objections were, And then, based off of that, builds you a list of of prospects that she could potentially follow up with and go back with and say, Hey, we have this case study program, and we also have, I'm not sure what else, but that that you might want to take a look at.

Speaker 1  52:20
Okay, and you're literally referring to the people we have already text message.

Unknown Speaker  52:24
Yes, that's right. Okay, um,

Speaker 1  52:27
so it's kind of like circling back to them and having a faint pivot to the conversation, yeah, okay, um, and how many? Go ahead. Sorry, go ahead. Oh, I was going to say like, and, you know, obviously we're constantly trying not to give you things to do. How much time and energy would it take you to do that that you just described the script with the chat DPT stuff?

Matthias Miller  52:51
Oh, I don't know. It's maybe a couple hours of my time. It's just making it a priority and getting it done, and maybe some clarity around what that needs to be and potentially, here's what the way I need to set it up, if I don't care about API fees, which I don't think really should be that bad, what I could do is have a,

Matthias Miller  53:18
have a little script that runs, that pulls the prompt from a Google Doc, and then you can, you can test it on one or two conversations yourself, manually, and then once you're happy with the prompt, you can click go, and it reads through all the Conversations, runs the prompt and spits the output into a into a new folder based on the runtime.

Speaker 1  53:48
Okay, you would have to kind of show me, like a video or something, maybe, just to make sure I'm doing what you want done. I'm I'm good with all that. I can't even, I can't put a finger on, well, what's the word, like viability, or how likely this seems to succeed, or anything? I just, I can't tell, but I'm totally good with spending some time giving it a go, not a week or a month, but, you know, some hours or something. If you're willing to do that as well, then great. Like, let's do it. Sure. Okay. And the idea is that we're gonna Audra is gonna act like an appointment setter, so we're going to same thing as ever. We're gonna see if these folks are interested. Get them on a call. Audra is gonna take the first call,

Unknown Speaker  54:39
correct? Hey, give me one minute, I'll be right back. Yep,

Matthias Miller  54:57
yeah, and it would just be pitched as a conversation. Okay, you know, follow up, she would have notes from prior conversations, so she could just pick up where we left off, and just a very glow key getting to know you discovery, is it something you'd be interested in, or what's your feedback on it? Kind of something that's framed like that. And she could literally tell them I can't sell you on anything, because she can't, because I'm not authorized her to do that, which, you know I could, but didn't. And that can be another leverage point from just removing pressure from the conversation, discovering feedback.

Speaker 1  55:37
Okay, cool. Um, well, and she, herself is comfortable with that kind of a call. She's enough of an ex. Totally do that. Yes, that's awesome, because I am not so that that's that's awesome. Okay, cool. Let's do it at least as a test. Let's do it and see what signs of life it shows, right? Okay, sure, um, what became of greenhouse guy?

Speaker 3  56:01
Oh, I gotta text the guy. It's probably busy.

Speaker 1  56:06
What? And then there was the other one, which I think we already touched on, but now he scrambled in my head with Micah. Was there another pole barn in Kentucky? Oh, the one that you've got, um, something tomorrow night, hopefully tomorrow night, okay,

Matthias Miller  56:21
but not, but no payment until we prove,

Unknown Speaker  56:25
prove what

Unknown Speaker  56:27
that we can sufficiently beat his existing campaign,

Speaker 1  56:32
Facebook ads. Yes, Facebook ads. He's already running Facebook ads, and he wants to know we can do what is, what's his cost per lead right now? I

Matthias Miller  56:43
I don't remember what it was. I just remember thinking that he's doing a horrible job at it. So if you look at his account, you get access to it, and you're like, we can't beat that. He's already doing it awesomely. Then fine, we'll just tell him we're sorry we didn't spend any ads, add money. You're good.

Speaker 1  57:03
Okay, yep. I mean, so let me just help you here. This, what I'm about to say is awesome, by the way, like I've never been able to do this before, and it makes me so happy. First, you can save yourself the entire setup. Get access to the account, look at it by literally asking him a CPL question. If his CPL is like 2030, $40, or higher, then we can proceed. If his CPL is already in the teens, we may or may not win because of his location. And if his CPL is below 10, don't even try, because we can only save them a couple bucks, and there'll be loss of efficiency. I've never been able to say that with confidence before, by the way, like, literally, those are the numbers so and then if, if a CPL is higher than that, and then we can proceed with like, actually looking in there and checking, but with a fair amount of confidence that we can confidence that we can probably do better than that.

Unknown Speaker  58:05
Let me see, I'm almost certain this came up.

Matthias Miller  58:09
Let me see if I can upload this conversation Transcript and just ask him that channel, GPT. I

Speaker 3  58:51
Jason, Jason, Jason, Jason, oh, Jason, oh.

Matthias Miller  59:39
Now There was a mention of it. Let me try this. You're lying to me. I.

Matthias Miller  1:00:23
So I think person one,

Unknown Speaker  1:00:33
I think they said, I

Unknown Speaker  1:01:01
Okay, and

Matthias Miller  1:01:23
okay, so here's transcript one.

Speaker 1  1:01:28
Sorry, I didn't know you were typing in there. I was sending that at random. Okay, so, all right, he so we I'm still confused. The question will be helpful, how much you're putting up? He's spending 1500 a month. Do you know how many leads total you've had this month? If he's spending $1,500 a month and he's had 15 leads, he is paying $100 a lead, and that is a slam dunk. I remember.

Matthias Miller  1:01:56
I didn't can remember the numbers. I just knew in my head that I yeah, I didn't think I would have tried to close them on something that was iffy. Possibly

Speaker 1  1:02:08
went, Yeah, okay, yeah, right, anyway. So okay, so I'm going to say, so that's essentially $100 per lead, and we are currently getting Cornerstone corner stone, and average of $7 per lead. I mean, that's such a win that it makes me want to say, like, uh, uh, warning pigs get fat and Hogs get slaughtered. But it makes me want to say, like, pay me 50% or 30% I don't care what is of the money we save you knowing that we're literally about to save the guy $93 a lead. Think about what I just said. Gonna save him $93 a lead. Pay me 40 and pocket the 60. I'm speaking as if speaking to him, right, right.

Matthias Miller  1:03:12
Okay, so I think that, but then simultaneously, I also know about most of these guys are not business savvy enough to think about things like cost, total acquisition cost, and yes, if I were a shark, and maybe if I'd be even more aggressive, and maybe I should be, and maybe there's room for that. But I do have concerns that there are people who don't know their numbers, who Oh, well, this sounds good, like we can do even better. And it's still upside down. It's just less upside down.

Speaker 1  1:03:51
I think it fell off the train. The concern there is that we're charging them so much for services that it's a wash. I'm slightly lost on context. Now,

Matthias Miller  1:03:59
okay, he's, he's not making, you know, he's not, he's not making back his ad spend this month. Okay? I don't think so. I think he's, he's, he understands it slow. He understand he stands. He needs to advertise, but his business is

Speaker 1  1:04:19
not right set up right now. Is he running his own ads, or is he paying somebody? He's running his own ads. Oh, so by the time he pays us, it's all the same. By the time he

Matthias Miller  1:04:28
pays us, it's all the same, we can drop. I mean, so yes, we do have an ad spend drop, because now he's paying some of that money to us instead of himself or to the network. But as you can see, I don't foresee that being an issue. Even at 40 bucks a lead, he's getting 50 leads. He's getting three times the leads for the same price. That's not a bad deal. I.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:01
Did I lose

Speaker 1  1:05:03
you? Nope. I was thinking, just kidding three times. Oh yeah, oh yeah, right. He'll be getting a whole lot more leads as part of the bargain, and presumably, with a lot more leads, he'll be closing a lot more deals, which suddenly does change the upside for him. So it's not a wash. It's really not a wash because now he has a lot more deals to work with, and he conceivably could be raising his top line quite a lot. Yes, he conceivably could be okay. So let's not look at it as a wash. It might be a wash on pure advertising costs up front, because saving on ad spend, paying for services. But it's not at all a wash for his business growth and revenue, assuming he can close, not even close, um, because now so you know, $1,500 which he may not need to spend, $1,500 by the way, but $1,500 divided by seven bucks is 214 leads.

Matthias Miller  1:06:02
No, we're dropping his budget down to 1000 or that's my proposal. That's fine

Speaker 1  1:06:07
with me. $1,000 not divided by seven bucks a lead. Now he's looking at 142 leads, which is what Jeremy's doing over there on Cornerstone. How much is Jeremy spending per month? By the way, a grand. I am curious if he's actually spending a grand. Yes, he is 982 in 30 days. Awesome. I love that, by the way. I need to start another ad test for him.

Speaker 2  1:06:40
All right, so, but here's the thing, maybe we do this case study. I mean, maybe,

Matthias Miller  1:06:48
I mean, but then this is just the way you're ranting and raving about this. Like, just take your rant and rave and go send out a postcard to these people or whatever. Like, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:07:10
there's so many. I think you're actually probably right. Anyway, there you go.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:16
Okay, yep, didn't mean to worry out.

Matthias Miller  1:07:18
I got a drop in later, five minutes or less, 10 minutes or less, yep,

Speaker 1  1:07:22
sounds good. Thanks. All right. Thank you. Yep, bye. What I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai