Micah Hostetler  00:40
Hey, Micah, give me a second here.

Matthias Miller  00:45
All right, sounds good? I

Micah Hostetler  01:08
can you see me? Yep, got the boss here. So

Matthias Miller  01:17
sounds good. Hi, there,

Micah Hostetler  01:19
Steve, my oldest daughter,

Matthias Miller  01:24
nice to meet you. Well, that means we better. We better stay heads down and focus on work. Make sure we don't get in trouble with the

Micah Hostetler  01:33
boss. Yeah, yeah. We came to Wyoming today to deliver a puppy. We raise puppies as well. So awesome. She came with me. We're just like, maybe 1520, miles north of Wheatland right now, headed ahead at home. So Wow.

Unknown Speaker  01:56
All right. Well, you guys hear me, okay? Or yeah,

Matthias Miller  01:58
there you go. If you look close, it was a little quiet earlier.

Speaker 1  02:02
I'll do this. Okay, yeah,

Matthias Miller  02:06
well, Micah, meet Audra. Audra, meet Micah. And I think I mean, the goal for here is just making sure we flesh out a little bit more of kind of scope of scope of work and get some clarity around that. And Audra had a bunch of great questions, so silly. Well, let's set up a call. Let's you ask them.

Micah Hostetler  02:33
Okay, okay, well, I'll let you get be in charge. I mean, you and I had talked some, and so you kind of know where you're wanting to go with this. I'm not exactly sure. So, yeah, okay,

Speaker 1  02:46
fair enough. Well, I'm coming in with some fresh eyes or ears, as it were, so as far as I understand, you guys are talking about outsource sales and some admin work, right? Is that basically the description of what we're doing

Micah Hostetler  03:03
here, I think. So, yeah, okay, so

Speaker 1  03:05
I'm just looking to clarify what that actually means. Is the simple way to put that, you know, at scope of work is the fancy way, I suppose. But when it comes right down to it, what work can we do for you? What does it look like on a day to day?

Micah Hostetler  03:20
So I sell my people call them carports, but we don't do just a lot of carports, more enclosed building. And my company does marketing and sales, part of it, and then everything else is subbed out. Right now I'm only working with one other company, but there's other companies that have been contacting me so that could grow. Currently, what happens is I will start advertising on Facebook, and then I get a bunch of messages, and then I have a busy several days, and then the messages do not get replied to, and then I'm good for a couple weeks, but then it all, I have to start over again, because I can't keep up with everything, because I do go see my clients in person. Yesterday, I met with four different people in the afternoon. Wow. Okay, so it's like, it's not often that I have four in one day, but it's not unusual to have two or three. Okay, when I'm busy, I can meet with, I don't know, I mean six, six eights, probably on the high end, per week, okay, but it can be several a day, or it can be one a day, or whatever, and it's kind of a so it's hard to it's hard to keep up with messages, and even the oldest of three, three girls, and then I have a boy that's older than her, so Oh, wow, yeah, going home in the evening. I have some health issues that I deal with too, and I'm tired. It's, it's hard to go home. And then, you know, sure, 10 years ago, I went home, played with the kids, and then I worked until 11 o'clock, and then I was up at five, and those days are over. Sure, I understand that.

Speaker 1  05:02
Yeah, no, that makes a lot of sense. So if we were to do the message part, basically, reply to your messages, nurture those people and try to get you appointments, is that what you're looking for?

Micah Hostetler  05:16
Yeah, okay, even if you would take it to a certain point like so are you? Are you in Colorado?

Unknown Speaker  05:25
I am, but I'm way east.

Audra Miller  05:27
Okay, Jules

Micah Hostetler  05:29
bird, so most of our, most of our business is, this sounds crazy. I'm 30 miles from Colorado Springs, so most I try to stay away from Colorado Springs, okay? Because doing permits doing stuff like that. So basically, what I tell them and I go, you'll see my messages, if you get access to that that I have various ways that I approach it. It just kind of depends how where they're coming from, and how I feel and everything. Sometimes I'm fairly abrupt, and just tell them, but I have wasted hours working with people, and then when they found out how difficult it was to permit it, they said, No, yeah, well, I don't want to waste their time or my time, you know, I don't want to leave them on because, hey, I want to get a sale. And sometimes they think I'm negative, and I might be a little bit, but at the same time, I want to be well in all my communication. I want to be very honest and, like, very upfront with it. Yeah, absolutely. It saves everyone time, and we're all on the same page. So if I see an issue, I bring it up anything like that. So the big thing for me is like, you know, where are you located? Well, I'm in Pueblo West. Great. We're licensed in Pueblo County. We could even pull the permits. Okay, so what are you looking for? Where are we going with this? And then, you know, if it comes to a certain point where this guy's really serious, he's ready to meet up, you know, if you can, if we can do a calendar, great. Or if you just want to say, You know what? What's your phone number, Michael will call you, set up a time, and we go from there. Either one of those options is great. If someone does want to just buy, I can help you with that too. It's not that complicated. There will be a lot of people are going to say, well, what if I do this? Because, you know, so I run a lot of different ads. Okay? And a lot of people will say, Okay, what if I want to make the doors bigger, or what if I want to make it long, the whole building longer, or what if I want this, but no lean twos or whatever, and you'll have full access to my 3d builder, which gives you the prices right there. Oh, okay, and then at that point you can take that like in that 3d builder, it's an online app, so anything with internet, you can access it, and then you can put in their name, address, everything. And when you submit it for a quote, I will get an email with all that information, and they get a new they get it with pictures, everything of what the building's going to look like. So that's something that's a great tool for you, with the messaging part of it. And sometimes I hate being in the office. So I got into this type of thing, into Facebook marketing in 2020, during COVID, it was a great thing, like it was, I could go to work. I didn't have to see people. I could still make money. I could still do stuff. I could have it out in my shop, and I was doing something else, and I would reply on my laptop, you know, as I land or whatever, but I got burned out, and now for me to sit behind the computer all the time, it's not healthy.

Unknown Speaker  08:50
Well, that's understandable.

Micah Hostetler  08:52
So for me, I am very quick to like, Well, hey, you know, if this is something you want to pursue, I'd be happy to come out and talk, okay, there are, there are, I would say, probably at least 10 to 20% of those that could be closed without me even going down. And if you want to go down that route at some point, you're welcome to okay, we can cross that bridge when we get there. Now I do like when I when I deal with people in the western slope, if it's more than three hours from my house, then I'm a lot quicker to take a payment via credit card or Venmo or something like that than I am to Okay, I'm gonna go see you. Three hours. I'll do three hours, but anything over that just makes for a long day. Sure. Go there. Spend a few hours. I'll do it, you know, if the if the money's right. But it kind of was a sure,

Unknown Speaker  09:53
no, that's understandable.

Micah Hostetler  09:56
Okay, that's actually, now I literally have. Uh, well, over two years of messages. Okay, I know I haven't gone back this far, but I know I have messages from two years ago that I have not replied to. Oh, wow. Okay, just because sometimes, when I advertise, I will get so many messages that I have to pick a few conversation and focus on them. And I always say that tonight, tomorrow, sometime, I'm going to go back. But then, yeah, some of them just don't get done. And there's a lot more than I wish there was that said never got replied. Now that's that's on my personal messenger. Okay, now I will be, if this is something that we go forward with, I would like to put a lot of that stuff on the business page. Okay, so you can do that. As we grow. That can be put into our to a CRM, it can be split between people, if we need to. At some point, we grow with that a lot better on the business side of it, rather than through my personal but right now, I need help getting my personal messenger caught up.

Speaker 1  11:09
Okay, I like it. It seems clear. I think my my first question is on it, and I know Matthias had offered that maybe we could export this information and answer a lot of these questions ourselves. But I think the first thing is, okay, the where are you located? Question, have you is it quick and easy to tell me the answers to those questions in terms of, you know, someone's in East Pueblo or South Pueblo, or wherever, like, Okay, what is my what is my answer to that question. I'm not you, right? So how easy does that to transfer that information to us so that we can respond appropriately?

Micah Hostetler  11:51
I'm not sure I understand

Unknown Speaker  11:52
your question. Yeah, I'm sorry. It was

Micah Hostetler  11:53
probably a poorly worded so if I if I asked you, where are you located? Yeah,

Speaker 1  12:01
I say Jules bird, Colorado, you're gonna say, I don't? Oh,

Micah Hostetler  12:04
great, yeah, no, work. I'm going there. Are you going to yeah now? So

Unknown Speaker  12:13
okay, but in terms of is,

Micah Hostetler  12:16
if the, if the building is under $20,000 okay, I'm probably not going to want to drive that far if I only have one person to see. Sure. Makes sense. But if it is something that I can go there and another one, and it's those total more than $20,000 then it's worth my drive.

Speaker 1  12:39
That makes sense drive for over 20k I like it. And what about the permitting and licensing question right off the bat?

Micah Hostetler  12:49
So right now we we provide engineering that works in most cases for most of our buildings, and that's something that we'll get into as far as the different types of buildings and stuff like that. Um, very rare. The only times I've had issues with our the engineering that we have on hand not working is like Colorado Springs, city, Denver metro. Like cities, the city part of it.

Speaker 1  13:19
So it's probably easier to say which one. Then there are areas,

Micah Hostetler  13:22
yeah, but I only pull permits in. But look county or pineapple County, I can in Boulder, but I don't really push a lot of stuff up there. Okay? And then in Fremont, Fremont has made it so easy that I work like I do the paperwork for the customer. Okay? In Fremont County, the rest the other counties, I can provide the engineering they need. I can help them with questions, stuff like that, but they will have to go, they will have to pull the permit itself, okay? And that could change. You know, if I have someone working on it, I have time to get more license licenses in more districts and more areas.

Unknown Speaker  14:08
Yeah, but yeah, that makes sense. And I do have

Micah Hostetler  14:11
someone that has helped me with permits before. Okay, and she's just really busy, and I have been able to depend on her a lot. Nate Nell has as well, but he's not going to help me. He mostly helped me in public West. Gotcha.

Speaker 1  14:28
So if I call you up and say, hey, I want to shed out in Julesburg, Colorado, I don't know anything about sheds. What do I need to do to get it? I assume you have kind of a spiel that you'd give me, huh?

Micah Hostetler  14:39
What are you looking to do with it? Okay? Are you looking for a two car garage, or are you looking for storage? Or, do you know, a lot of people already have seen stuff online, and there's a reason they clicked on my app. They're like, well, we like this building, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  14:55
So the purpose in my man

Micah Hostetler  14:56
I'll be looking at, I mean, I already know that. I you're under 35 pounds per square foot snow load. But if I don't know that, okay, that's one of the things that I'll I'll approach to, you know, what are you looking for? You know, how many doors, whatever kind of and then in, in that time, if it's in the mountains, I will ask for an address, or at least a town that they're close to and say, hey, I want to look up your snow load. Okay, because I don't want to give someone a price for 35 pounds per square foot, but, oh, they need 70 pounds per square foot, okay? And now it's going to be $5,000 more. Well, they look at that as an up charge. If I already gave them a price, absolutely makes sense. But if I can get all that information, okay, where's it going do everything I can put all that together and say, okay, you know, your snow low is higher depending where it goes. It might be a little bit farther, or whatever. I'm going to add a few things on here. This price includes a four foot rental if we need it. Sometimes it does. Sometimes it doesn't all in it's 32,000 whatever. This does not include dirt work or concrete,

Speaker 1  16:07
okay? And then, if I so, you would go ahead and basically give me, quote me a price. And then also, I need to figure out what I would need to do to build that in Jules

Micah Hostetler  16:20
burn. Well, I would help you, though with that, like I was, I would say, okay, you know, you want couple roll up doors. Okay, you're looking at okay. You know a 30 by 30. You want a couple roll up doors. I'll make sure that you have the height. Because, okay, any pickup can go into an eight foot tall door, but maybe you have an enclosed trailer that you want to back into it. So you need a 10 or 12 foot, or maybe it's for an RV. In that case, you might need 12 to 14 foot or so. I'm asking you, you know, okay? And you know, there's a lot of threads on like my messenger, yep, that if you just spend an hour to go through them, get a sense of what all this is, what it is, I think you'll figure a lot of that out.

Speaker 1  17:04
No, that does make a lot of sense to me. Yeah, I agreed. And so I guess what I'm getting from these conversations is what it would what would be helpful is to have enough information training background for me or somebody else, to be able to go through and basically do this front work for you. You know, what's the purpose? What's the what's the overall price going to be with things like snow load and doors and and anything else you might need to know. And then if we send somebody a price, a quote, and they're interested in moving forward, that's when you want to get involved in and do a site visit. Is that basically how you work on that?

Micah Hostetler  17:46
That's usually how I work on it, okay? And I think for right now, that's probably a good idea, okay? Or if you say, Hey, we're getting close to it, or something, maybe I can hop on and just look at it, yeah? And just make sure we covered our bases before we you know, Yeah, mine just went blank. I

Micah Hostetler  18:11
was gonna say something. I remember what it was.

Speaker 1  18:13
So no, that's fair. Well, I would expect, with any new venture, I expect a period of time where it would be good for you to to look at things pretty closely for a little while just to make sure it's working the way you want it to work. And we tweak it. And then it gets to a point where you don't have to look at it anymore, because everybody knows what they're doing. Yeah, yeah. So that would make sense. I know what

Micah Hostetler  18:35
it was sometimes. What I'm probably going to do is have, like, all my orders, on like Google Drive, oh, yeah, and I'll have certain documents there, so you can just access from Google Doc, Google Drive to send to customers, whether it's engineering, whether it's permit applications or all our orders from this year, or whatever. Because and then there might be times when I get so when I get an order, I work with a company called First Choice metal buildings and carports out of Texas. They manufacture it. They have subcontractors that pick up the building and bring it out and assemble it. Okay, but when I get an order. So I have, yesterday I met with three people in Pueblo West. Well, one of those buildings gonna go to New Mexico. So the two there will be in Pueblo West. I'll be pulling a permits for, okay, I won't send this order into first choice until we're approved and the pad is ready.

Unknown Speaker  19:40
Yeah. Okay, so

Micah Hostetler  19:43
there may be times when I'm on the road and you know, Jake calls me and says, Hey, I'm ready. And I text you and say, Hey, Jake said he's ready. Can you send in that copy to first choice? Okay, and most likely will be a DocuSign copy. It's all in one PDF with the all the information about the building, the contract, everything, and you just simply send it into them, and they'll reply that they got it printed it. Yeah, so there are stuff like that that I may or maybe it could be that I say, hey, you know, send Jake this, these engineering or send him the certain information, or the contacts that we have for spray foam or something like that, you know, just something more that that's the kind of stuff when I'm on the road. When I'm on the road, I know today I went to Wyoming, but there are days when I closer to home and I spend just as much time in the vehicle as I do today. And so it's those things that I forget to do. Is I just need to send an email. I mean, it takes 30 seconds on my phone to do it right, and I don't do it for two days because I don't think about it at the right time. Right? Makes

Speaker 1  21:09
a lot of sense. Okay? No, that makes sense. And Matthias, you got any thoughts at this point?

Matthias Miller  21:20
No, I mean, this is this is good, this is helpful. But I think another question I would have is, were you wanting any help on the marketing side of things like putting up the Facebook listings? Do you have a process for renewing them, or do you want to keep that in your court for for a while? What are your thoughts? I um,

Micah Hostetler  21:43
so I feel like I have a decent handle on that. I wouldn't mind taking an hour of your time and going through things, and if you have some tips or something like that. At this point, I'm thinking, I don't know. It just kind of depends how it would all work. Honestly, I do have a tendency, like I get good responses with my ads, but I do have a tendency to not put fresh ones out with new pictures, right? So I would be open to something on that, you know, if there's something especially, I mean, if you see something that say, I can help you with this, and I can save the money with this, that it would make sense to do it, then, yes, but if you're essentially doing what I'm doing, and my cost per lead is the same, then it doesn't make sense for me to pay you to do that. I guess, in a nutshell is where I'm at.

Matthias Miller  22:44
Makes sense.

Micah Hostetler  22:47
One thing I would be interested in is optimizing my website, doing Google ads, doing that like pushing that part of it, because that is something I know nothing about. I feel like we have a website that's not far from being ready to use it. Could you lose some touching up and finalizing of things? And I need a logo? Well, I have one for choice billing USA. It's a rocky mountain structure that I don't have one for, but that part of it is something I don't know anything about, so I definitely would be interested in something of that road. What I want to be careful about is, okay, I'm spending, you know, obviously, I get paid a I get a commission when I sell something. I want to be careful that I don't pay, you know, X percent for admin and responding to that. And then I have x x percent for marketing. Plus I'm still paying, how you know, a couple $1,000 a month for marketing. And the next thing I know, I'm only walking away with 25% of what I am now doing it myself. Well, I may have less stress. I'm gonna have more stress paying bills. Or I could. We're selling, we're selling a half a million a month, which is possible. Then I don't care if I'm only making 10%

Speaker 1  24:13
right, you know, right? There's some curve commensurate with growth there. Probably,

Micah Hostetler  24:18
yeah. So a lot of times. So I have a friend that was big and he's well, he's second in command at storm or now, but he worked here in north, north Colorado, at a shop, and he had a certain number. He said, When, when you, I don't remember how many it was. He said, When you go over X amount of sheds, or X amount of dollars worth a month. He said to step over that hurdle like you can grow to this point, but once you want to grow more than that, he said you have to go from there to really big before it's worth it. He said you're almost better off keeping your business at this size for this. Stress and the money that you make versus taking that next step. And I feel like I could, I could find myself in that situation real quick, if I'm not careful. Fair enough,

Matthias Miller  25:14
it would make sense if you're, if you're, I have two thoughts on the marketing front. One, our interests are aligned to help you sell more. And so the the biggest, I don't know, it's not really even a concern, just the biggest thing about you continuing to do marketplace is just that it continues to happen. We're going to want that to happen. You're going to want that to happen. And so if it's a challenge, we'll figure out a way how to make it more streamlined to do it. The other thing I would say too is it's pretty clear that you haven't capped out your lead flow and marketplace, not even remotely. So in my mind, let's go, let's go, push that, and at some point we're going to be I mean, you know, we're very likely your time and capacity ends up being a constraint. And then there's the question, do, do I do I want to start hopping on and doing doing site visits and closing them? Do we want to find somebody else who's interested in that? I think because of the admin piece, it's it's a lot easier to make, make room in the financially, to make it work for for me to do it then, then trying to split it out with somebody else. So yeah, and what you're saying makes sense to me. We're not looking to scale to the moon. Here. We're looking for a nice, comfortable lifestyle business that, yeah, that serves you well,

Micah Hostetler  26:57
like you and I had talked to Matthias, you know, this is something, this platform can be taken so many different directions. Like, if you want to start doing on site sales and or we have someone else that wants to do that, like, we can have more people replying to messages. You can have a whole team doing that. And you know, because a lot of the answers are going to be kind of the same, now, you do kind of create that vibe. There's some people that you just don't live with. You may have the best product for them, but you're not going to sell it because that you just don't have that. But then it goes the other way too. I don't cry over a lost sale if it's not a fit, and sometimes his personalities aren't a fit. I move on. There's plenty of other people and and if you lose some lose a sale because you didn't word something correctly, or something, it's most likely not going to be a huge deal for me, like, I would rather you talk and get comfortable because I want I'm more of a quality over quantity guy in life in general. But these messages are purely a quantity. It is a numbers game. It's a numbers all sales are to a degree. Yeah, and I feel like, as we grow and we spread the territory, the close percentage is probably going to drop a little bit the farther we get from home. We're not going to close as many as we do from home, you know, close to home. I expect that it is what it is. But, I mean, it is something too that, you know, this whole platform, it can be built to go nationwide. Sure, we could end up with a team of 20 people all over the US that are selling online and doing things. I mean, it's very doable. It just takes getting started in the right direction, and I'm not really interested being at the head of that front, that side of it, I want to my heart is in the local stuff. Like that's where my passion is, to bring local people solutions to their problems, and that's how I look at it. I've been in the building industry for so many years, and I have the experience to do this. There are so many great people that are very good at their job, but they weren't building sheds at 15. They weren't, they don't, you know, things that I took for granted, building multi million dollar homes and then being a sales rep like that was just the next step. Brought me to where I'm at, and if I can use that experience to help someone else find something that they're happy with, to fit their budget, to fit their needs, that's, that's, that's where, that's what I want to do at the end of the day, that's, that's what I that's how I look at things. And that's where, where I'm at is people are looking for something you. If I have a solution to that, then I'm here to help them. If I don't have a solution to them, then I will do my best to refer them to someone. If I can't, I'm gonna be honest with them and tell them I don't think they're going to be happy with my product.

Speaker 1  30:18
So yeah, no, I really appreciate that. Makes a lot of sense. Okay, well, what would be the next steps here? Do you think either Matthias or or may get to move us forward?

Matthias Miller  30:37
Well, I think, see, I think one of the things I would propose, okay, like it or not, maybe this is the wrong approach. But what I've done, typically with these types of things, is kind of laid out, do a written form of this, even as an email, what the agreement is, what the percentage is, what the expectations are. I think, I think from what we're able to cover in terms of replying to messages, you know, evening availability in the short term, probably can only do that about four nights a week if we're doing doing evening responses. But and so, like all of all of those types of things, just lay that out. And I've historically done it very simply with email reply, but basically form of agreement. It's in writing. It's record of agreement. And so it's, it's slightly more than a handshake deal. But I think, I think one other question too, that would be useful would be, what, what is the payment timeframe? So obviously, our percentage would be payable upon deposit, receipt of deposit. But what's is that, is that the kind of thing you're you're processing weekly, bi weekly, monthly. What kind of time frame are you thinking on processing our payouts? Then

Micah Hostetler  32:07
to start with, I would like to do it as soon as payment clears for me. Okay, so if I get a check today, it takes two days to clear. As soon as it's cleared, I want an electronic way to send it to you. Now, as it goes longer, maybe we're doing more quantity and stuff like that. Maybe we could do weekly or bi weekly. We can look at things at that point. I would just like that. I feel like it gives motivation as well, and it gives encouragement and excitement when you have that. You know, I always use the examples for sheds. I got paid once a month with carports. I got paid when the customer bought. Well, if I have three customers there, and two of them are wanting car forest and one of them wanting shed, guess which one and I lose one of them. Guess which one? Losing?

Matthias Miller  32:59
Exactly. Burn the hand is worth two in the bush, right?

Micah Hostetler  33:05
Yeah. And sometimes too it's something like, for me, it would be like, well, I'm going to stay up an extra 30 minutes because I can get paid right now, and I can use the money where I knew I wasn't going to get paid for another three weeks. Well, I'll just reply to him tomorrow.

Unknown Speaker  33:20
You know, a lot of sense. And so

Micah Hostetler  33:22
once we're once we're going more there's more cash flow, maybe it would make more sense to do it once a week, or whatever at that point. But for right now, I would like to do it. You know, as soon as payment clears, you guys get paid. So it

Matthias Miller  33:36
sounds to me like, so really, all that we need right now is getting that together, having, I do like, having at least some level of agreement, knowing what we're agreeing to, getting that together. And then I think it's literally access to your to your Facebook to start. And then we will probably go ahead and set up, I've got a I've got an a reseller account on a CRM, and so we'll probably set up a sub account for you on the CRM so that we can even for our own stuff. So once the business page is live, we're going to we can integrate that in, but then even in the short term, being able to track at least high intent conversations, and certainly once they're ready for booking a call, so those things don't fall through the

Micah Hostetler  34:33
correct what's the CRM you use? High level. Go high level. Okay, the only one I've used is HubSpot, okay, and I've been wanting to do it, and that's been one reason I haven't like pushed hiring someone, is because I know I had to set all that stuff up. Matthias knows a little bit all what all I have on my plate. It's just been one of those things where it takes a lot of work to get someone on, to make it work smoothly the way it needs to you.

Unknown Speaker  34:59
Yeah, absolutely.

Micah Hostetler  35:02
So, yeah, go on. Okay. I think it would be good, like, if you want to do that, I do want, like, I do want some kind of a simple agreement, so just more so that we're all on the same page, agreed. Not that I don't trust you guys, but it's just that misunderstandings happen. And when you're working with people and you're going to find this out, the more thing you have written out, the better it is. So I do like that idea. I think it would be good, maybe if we would have a time that. Okay, here's access to my Facebook. Let's have a zoom. Let's go over some stuff. Let's look at some stuff. I can maybe have some, you know, we can go through and reply to different people, different responses, and do things. You know, we could probably do some screen sharing, or you guys could see it as as I do whatever, today is not a good day for that. Probably next week would be better.

Speaker 1  36:08
That'd be great, if at all possible. I'd like a little bit of time to read through things first, and I can make a few notes and maybe create a little bit of a structure so I can capture, you know, as you're doing it, I can capture some of that information a little bit more fine detail. What I wind up doing when I do these things myself is I make myself basically a little desk guide or cheat sheet, or SOP, or whatever you'd call it, so I can refer back to it. So if I have a little while to read through it first, that would help me a lot.

Micah Hostetler  36:39
Yep, okay. And another thing that I may do, like, I do have people that they want to do an all in one they want someone to come in. It's going to pull the permits, pour the concrete, do everything, insulate it all in one package. Right now, I will do it if they insist, like, if that's the only way I can get the job. But I kind of discourage it just because I am terrible at scheduling stuff. I am terrible at, okay, the building is built. Now it's time for insulation. Now it's time for concrete and oh, you know what, they're going to be ready for the building next week. So I need to schedule concrete for the week after that, or whatever, right? That's my weakness. And so I try to stay away from the things that I know that I'm not good at. I don't want to bring more stress in my life. But if I have someone that is good at putting that in the calendar, that can communicate, that can work with that, that is something that I mean, it's another opportunity to make a little more money and to bring another service to our clientele. Sure,

Speaker 1  37:41
absolutely, I can see the potential opportunity there, especially if we have a little CRM set up for you. We could really track that. It'd be pretty easy to maybe see that and and schedule it better than now. So yeah, we could definitely look at

Micah Hostetler  37:58
that. Okay, and there's, there's going to be times where customer calls and says, Hey, you know, do you have an update for me? And we just need to call most of the time I can. So I know the owner and his wife. They both work in the office. They're there seven days a week at the manufacturing company. And I talk to them a lot, so a lot of times I'll call or text them right away, but at some point I am going to be passing that off to someone except some of that that would be under the admin part, I guess, just try to get some updates. Or I may just, you know, send you a message through the CRM or text or whatever, and say, Hey, can you find out, you know, can you get an ETA on Jake? Or, you know, can you find out where, where the crew is, or whatever? You know, there's a few things like that. Yeah, we'll cross as we go. And I don't want to put everything on there right now, for right now, it's catching up on messages. And then as we get more work, get more flow, then we keep going. And yeah,

Speaker 1  39:06
makes sense. I do too. Okay, well, for now, I don't have any more questions, but I really like the direction that we're going makes sense to me, and I think you're right. I think maybe scheduling a time next week to watch you go through Facebook Messenger is a great thing to do. Okay, yep,

Matthias Miller  39:27
including Yeah, and on that front, getting into the weeds, but including new leads as well as, let's, let's go back a year ago or something and find some to revitalize and look at process for that? Yeah, we can just full

Micah Hostetler  39:44
clarity. I am making myself very vulnerable by giving you the password to my thing. So I would just understand. I mean, I'm assuming it's, it's a given you would go on my personal page like it would stay for marketplace messages. But I'm not that. I think that I have anything to hide, but I appreciate that it's always forever, too. So, you know, no,

Speaker 1  40:05
it's always a vulnerable thing. I've been an executive assistant for almost 25 years. I've had a lot of access to a lot of personal information. It is always a vulnerable thing. So I don't take it for granted. I've been trying

Micah Hostetler  40:16
to think like, if there's anything there that other than I have some friends that I've made over the years. Some of their stuff can be kind of crude and not politically correct. Other than that, I don't know of anything I'm trying to hide, but that's kind of it just feels very vulnerable to me.

Speaker 1  40:33
I understand that I would be too I wouldn't, I wouldn't like doing it. So I I understand that. And maybe part of what we go through when you show us your messenger is anybody that you know, you know, your friends. We can kind of feel free to make a list and just completely ignore, you know, or if it But see, there gets easier over time, there's a marketplace tab, yeah, so it shouldn't really be so shouldn't even see, yeah, sometimes,

Micah Hostetler  40:57
sometimes people message me directly, and if I ever have that and I need you to, hey, can you go on here and talk to that? But for the most part, you shouldn't need anything that's not under the marketplace staff.

Speaker 1  41:08
And I think that's fair. And I think that part of the SOP on my end would be just, we never look there in the first place, unless, for some reason you ask. And so hopefully that creates a little bit of a barrier.

Matthias Miller  41:21
Okay, yeah, well, then and then, this is a short term thing. So there we do resuscitate leads. Obviously there'll be a flurry of activity maybe over the next number of months, but we can even work to get some of these people off of get them off of messenger, onto texting in the CRM or something, and then close down, close down access. So again, we're gonna have to figure out it.

Micah Hostetler  41:46
Yeah, I would definitely, you know, right now, like you said, this catching up, but I would plan on, I have some ads running right now. I think they run out this weekend, and then, not saying I won't do more on my personal page, but I'm going to start advertising through the business page, try some stuff like that, see if we can get the get that rolling a little more. So it's something I've been wanting to do. The one thing that, and you know this, Matthias, like when you run an ad through the business page I can make so that, theoretically, the ads don't run in Colorado Springs. That doesn't mean someone from Colorado Springs isn't going to find my ad or something, but I can put it, you know, I can say eastern Colorado, and I'm not going to get into Denver, and so we're not going to get as many responses to that. I tried to figure it out through ad manager to run my personal ad through that, and I there has to be a way to do it. I did. I had like 10 minutes to figure it out, and I didn't figure it out so, but that's one thing that is would be a huge advantage to run it through the business page is being more like picking my audience. The other thing is, going into New Mexico is something I really want to do, is there's not a lot, from what I've seen, there's not a lot of this type of service in New Mexico, aside from the nation large nationwide companies. And so we can expand right now, I'm doing a lot in the San Luis Valley, but like Custer County, I don't do many there, and that's a wide open space, because the permitting is so easy, like there's, it's wide open to do that. And yet, for whatever reason, I don't get a lot of response. I think it's more mouth to mouth. You know, people referrals that way. VW, see, like Julian, he does a lot Custer County, with his full barns and stuff. I know there's a market there,

Unknown Speaker  43:54
interesting, but

Matthias Miller  43:57
that might be, yeah,

Micah Hostetler  44:00
so I know that there's ways that to do some of that marketing that I can target some of those areas that I haven't been able to through the marketplace. Thing

Matthias Miller  44:10
makes sense. Okay,

Micah Hostetler  44:13
all right, if you want to look at a similar company that does things very similarly as silver line structure. They're out of they're close to Greeley, up on 85 they advertise all over. Well, they go all over. They work with Eagle carport. So they do all over. They also do some red red iron and some cold rolls deal, or whatever they call it. But they do things a lot. From what I've seen, is a lot the way I would like to do it okay, that's helpful.

Speaker 1  44:54
So I think from what I'm hearing, we need to have a written agreement, written. Up Matthias. Is that something that you you have notes to do? Would you want to write that up? I think I could do that. Yeah, okay, we need to get access to Facebook Messenger. Is that for both? How do we want to go back doing that? Do you want to give Matthias and I both access? You want to give Matthias access? I mean, I would need access at some point, I guess. I

Micah Hostetler  45:23
mean, I'll probably just, I don't even know what my depending on what my password is, I may change the password, just so it's not, you know the password to something else that I use in case it ever got leaked somehow. Then,

Unknown Speaker  45:36
yeah, that's fair well, and I suspect that

Micah Hostetler  45:39
is one thing that we have to be super careful with is that it doesn't get leaked. Because there's a people could take my page and they could do so much scamming with that.

Speaker 1  45:51
Do you have a password manager? Do you have something that you could share it with us? And I suspect we'll need to, yeah, the two factor authentication problem too, right? Matthias,

Matthias Miller  46:00
yeah, I would, I would encourage, and I don't know how we want to do this, I would encourage turning on two factor authentication. I

Micah Hostetler  46:10
do have the two where you know, if you when you like, you guys have my password, you can't just get access. I have to verify it on the story log in before you guys can access it. Yeah, and

Matthias Miller  46:23
then once we get to a business page that won't, that won't matter anymore, because we'll Well,

Micah Hostetler  46:29
at that point, well, you got that Facebook I'll just put you on an admin or whatever to

Speaker 1  46:38
do that exactly. Okay, if you can share that with us via your password manager. And what do you have? I use Apple. Apple. Okay, that, let's see, I don't use apple. Is that going to work? You think Matthias,

Matthias Miller  46:55
I have never shared passwords on Apple, but you can. Mike, I don't know if you have my personal cell phone, but I'll send you my personal cell phone. I've got I've got apple, and you could share it that way. Okay,

Speaker 1  47:08
okay, we'll get started that way. And then next week for me is a little well for us, up until Thursday, probably right. Matthias for scheduling, would next Thursday work for you? Micah,

Micah Hostetler  47:30
far as I know, yes, okay, yeah,

Speaker 1  47:35
and schedule a time where you where you'll be in front of a computer, and you can walk us through, or however you want to

Micah Hostetler  47:41
do that a Second here?

Speaker 1  47:43
Yeah, no problem. Look at a calendar.

Micah Hostetler  48:02
You Hey, well, let me change my password before I send that to you, that's good, yeah, of course. So maybe when we get down to Wheatland, or I don't know, I'll send it, maybe this evening, when I get home, or tomorrow, I'll send it to you, if that works, sure. And then trying to think, I have a meeting scheduled for Monday of next week, but so far, that's the only thing I have booked. So you just tell me what works for you, and I should be able to make that work.

Unknown Speaker  49:07
Okay, sounds good?

Matthias Miller  49:11
Do you know offhand I'm looking

Speaker 1  49:13
I think anytime, maybe between 830 and two could work Mountain Time for us. Is it better on Thursday, the 20th, yeah, what do you think

Micah Hostetler  49:26
in that case? Let's do like 1111 30.

Speaker 1  49:30
Yeah, that sounds good. That works. Yeah, I'm about to do 1130 to 1230 is that okay for you? Matthias, yeah, it's great. Okay, let's put it in there. Okay, I'll send you all an invitation on that as soon as we get off the phone here. Okay, think that's it. Anybody got anything else?

Matthias Miller  49:54
Nope, action steps, quick. So for me, put together the agreement, get that draft. Did, should be able to do that this afternoon or tomorrow sometime. And then Mikey, you can review that and just reply back if you like it or make it. We can make any amendments. Audra, you're setting up the appointment, and Micah, you're sharing the password. And then soon as we got access, so on our end, once we get access, put in the password manager, and Audrey, you can just start taking look through some of those messages. Yeah, that sounds great. And I will also probably Mike could try to do an export of messages. And if it's all messages, I'll, I'll run a filter and and filter it down to marketplace messages and see if I can put all that stuff into a Google Doc or something like that, so that we can use Gemini or other tools to, I mean, have it as a reference, quick, easy read for everything, or, you know, right? Yeah, that kind of a thing. So if you see an expert request, I might need your help on it, but we'll see. But that's what's going on. Okay.

Micah Hostetler  50:56
Okay, one thing that just hit me here, and this is something that is fairly important to me is if we could say, Okay, we're going to do this for two weeks or whatever. But then at some point, let's check with each other and let's how's it going. You know, what are you happy with? What are you not happy with? And it goes both ways. And then at 30 days, we could say, okay, is this something we want to pursue? Is this going to work long term, or whatever? You know, you guys can talk to like, what time frame you want that, but let's have that time where we can be. It's not an awkward conversation. Well, how do I ask him this? It's like, Okay, today, you know, we're going to talk now you can bring whatever you want to, and we talk it through. And if it doesn't work, it doesn't work, it is what it is. Could we do something like that?

Matthias Miller  51:50
I like that a lot. Yeah, I do. I think first couple weeks. I mean, it could be weekly, the first couple weeks or something. And, and even, you know, any and even room for ad hoc, jumping on a call if there's something going sideways, and then, and then, maybe, you know, two weeks, two weeks, and then, and then, at some point, I think it's, I think it's good to have an ongoing cadence like that, like, here's where we're at, maybe even going over numbers. These are the number of leads, inbound leads, number of appointments set and start getting some kind of cadence to sync up and then and again. What's working, what's not, what do we need to change? What do we

Micah Hostetler  52:29
need to fix? So I'll try to get a haircut at some point.

Matthias Miller  52:33
You don't have to go as short as me. So,

Unknown Speaker  52:42
okay, great.

Unknown Speaker  52:44
Well, thank you so much for your time. It's nice to meet you. Yeah,

Micah Hostetler  52:47
thank you. You as well. Look forward to the news adventure and see where it takes us. Yeah, okay, well, you guys have a great day. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  52:58
thank you. Goodbye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai