Matthias Miller  00:35
All right, so here's what We got. So we have contact screen with all of your customers in here. There are some some things that do appear to be duplicate. I can't see exactly what these guys there. There's, there's a sturdy built in, a sturdy bolt in here somehow. So some of these things will have to get cleaned up, or want to clean up after we get everything switched over. Probably okay, but then we get the items and all this should be pretty familiar. Let's see, this is one. This is what I was. Let's see, this is what I was. I've been playing around with. I mean, I just hopefully this is just not that surprising. All this information here, word, feed, calculation, hand fasteners and machine fasteners, which I need to go back and see. Did that pull in? Let's pull in that did not pull in for anything. I did not pull in faster information, so let me make a note of that. Okay,

Matthias Miller  02:06
number of parts assembly method, which we now have a single assembly method instead of multiple price pulling from the most recent order from Sage. And then it's all the lumber information.

Speaker 1  02:21
Matt, can I stop there once totally the lumber there you have 716, three and a half, 46 Poplar. And 716, three and a half, 46 oak. Now, the way Stephen had it set up, it combined those eight boards together. It wasn't keeping five poplar and three oak. Is that? Will that do that on your system? You follow what I'm saying? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  02:50
it will. I mean, it should. So let's go pull up a cut list. Let's see if we can find the let's see if we can find this guy somewhere. We're going to throw in a cut list and then we

Unknown Speaker  03:09
print

Matthias Miller  03:12
so then if we pull the sewing schedule. Now, this is on, let's see what's the what is this on? Design, scalpy. Let's flip scalpy Hollow, because that would have, yeah, like, this is what, this is what it's going to look like,

Speaker 1  03:27
All right, yeah, because Stevens it would, it would total, total the whole amount of 46 inch boards, whether it was open, whether it was Poplar. We have multiple pallets that we use, Oakland the bottom and pop were on the top. But when it was blown to my cut list, in the cut list generator, it was, it was adding them all together. It wasn't allowing me to, you know, me split it up and do oak and do pop, yeah, two different soils, right?

Matthias Miller  03:59
Got it? Well, I accidentally fixed the problem for you.

Unknown Speaker  04:06
There you go. There you

Matthias Miller  04:07
go. I mean, all these settings are pretty straightforward. I am putting these dimensions in decimals, but showing them in sixteenths here, yeah. And then here's raw material, info, miscellaneous prep, burial keys, scalpy, hollow and then saws and the total board feet, row ID. Doesn't really matter for you. Fasteners will show up down here. I just miss getting them in there. So those are the items orders then I sent the information, or if I said the information over to Rick on what it takes to pull them in from I want to make some changes here. So. Uh, all right. So then on orders, you can filter down, filter down, how you want to do it. But if we just run it as it is, oops, it will show all orders. And we can, we can hop in. We got the this, this order number should not be editable. Actually, most of this stuff probably should not be editable on this screen because it's coming from Sage. Let me make a note,

Matthias Miller  05:38
general section from Sage. Alright. And then, and then we have here, there is, there is nothing on this item on the cut list. So this is a bad one to take a look at. But let's go back to the Armstrong order. So when we import it from Sage, we'll populate the cut list. Here's total pieces, single item, quantity, the dimensions. Again, copying in the raw material and sawing, which you can edit just for this cut list. It does not update the item. So if you want it to update, every time you have to go back to the item and update it. Miscellaneous preparation. Again, these columns should be narrower. See order narrower columns, etc. And then the sawing options as well. And then this cut list date is used for scheduling, so you don't probably, typically won't set it in here, but you could. So those are the orders. Then on putting together the cut list, pop open today's cut list. We threw this Armstrong order on, and I'm going to so we can throw in, I mean, we're going to throw in this guy and throw in this guy. And when you move off the road, it'll automatically save, if you refresh, it'll show everything up here that's on the cut list. You can edit the cut list specifics in here, if you want to whatever changes you you know you need to make, and when you tab off, tap off The Order, actually, it saves if you have a swath of them that you want to do, you can hit include selected orders, and it will grab all cuts from those orders and put them on today's list. Currently, the way I've got it set up is four different schedules, and all this stuff is stuff is stuff we can take a look at, but you can just control click to open them in a new tab if you want to. And so here's the sawing schedule, and I need to take these off. We'll take a look at how to do that moment. Here's the brewer schedule. Here you can see the wording I threw in here, Keystone schedule and sculpting hollow schedule.

Unknown Speaker  08:36
So,

Matthias Miller  08:39
questions, thoughts, feedback, any part of it, anything you want to go in. Go deeper into what do you think

Unknown Speaker  08:51
I go back to the brewer schedule, all right. Cut list. I

Matthias Miller  09:04
Yes. So

Speaker 1  09:08
this guy, yeah. Now question is, like, it's all like, how do I want to say it? It's all shoved together, doing spacing in there, yeah, if we can get spacing in there, because, like, miscellaneous, I don't know, do we have miscellaneous prep in there somewhere? Depending on how much stuff I put in miscellaneous prep, it really opens it up. And what I have now is I have to open the cells up manually with the program that Steven has, yep, because I don't watch that, it cuts off some of the good information and miscellaneous prep, and it doesn't show up on the on the list.

Matthias Miller  09:49
Okay, well, let me show you what that looks like if you have a really big miscellaneous prep. So let's go back to our let's see. Come on, let's jump around. And go back to this cut list right here, and I'm going to go find the

Speaker 1  10:07
let's see it's mostly a notch in ones, where it's the notch six inch from the end, and then a quarter inch deep. That's where it takes a lot of a lot of room.

Matthias Miller  10:22
All right, so if we do that and we refresh, I mean, I could still add blank lines for readability, but it is going to wrap and so you can put in as much, as much as you need to,

Unknown Speaker  10:36
and it'll open up itself. It'll open up

Matthias Miller  10:39
itself, right?

Speaker 1  10:42
Because another thing was when I used to do, when I hit print cut list on the one that I have. Now, you can open the cells up manually there, and then you cannot actually print the cut list off of there. You have to hit control, or control P, which is how he had it set up, and then it it was more going towards the printer, rather than the print cut list wasn't allowing it to go to the printer. So that was another extra step. But like I said, once you when you went into just print cut list, you had to manually open up your cells to catch like miscellaneous prep and everything else that, yeah, wasn't showing up on the program. Lot of work.

Matthias Miller  11:35
So and on this, and we can, we can explore this too. It's a little bit more work. It's not terrible. It's a little bit more work. But we could also put this cut list all on a single document, so that you wouldn't have four different PDFs to print. Is that worth? Is that worth doing just to save the clicks

Unknown Speaker  11:58
when? Well,

Speaker 1  12:00
see, like, if I do right now, I'm not, wasn't using the sewing schedule like the regular songs. I was just doing Brewer, Brewer gang saw and the Keystone, because there was a couple different, yeah, glitches on the sewing schedule. So I didn't really want to implement that yet. But I just lost my train of thought.

Speaker 2  12:22
George wasn't using the sewing um page in the cut list generator. He was doing that manually, like we always did. And also the scalpy Hollow list was being done manually. But Matt, is your question, are you saying print off Brewer and Keystone and scalpy, hollow and sawing all in one page. All

Matthias Miller  12:44
in it'd be one document. So you'd start each one on a new page. But instead of having four buttons here for the different schedules, yeah, you'd have one button, and it'd be everything,

Speaker 2  12:57
so but, but then when we print so each specific of those four is a different is going to different individuals. So like we are handing the brewer list to the guys that are associated with that gang saw the the Keystone list goes to specific set of guys. The sawing list goes a specific set of guys, and same with the scalpy Hollow. So they need to be itemized as per se, when we, when we hit print, you know, when we, yeah, so when we, when we make that document alive. It needs to be just, it needs to be singular like all four have to be printed off separately. So if you're if you're talking about that, then they have to stay separate. If you're saying, keep them all together until you hit print, then maybe that option,

Matthias Miller  13:53
okay, that sounds good. I mean, if you're going to be printing them separately, anyway, it sounds like the way this is set up right now is, yeah, it's good,

Speaker 1  14:01
yeah, what I was doing when you hit the control P, that allowed me to what page I was working on, rather than, I think if I print everything, it was like over 4050, pages. So to hit Control P, that allowed me to go, hey, just print if I'm looking at three cut page three of the cut list for the brewer, I can hit three and three and it would just print page three of that document, not giving me 40 pages of cut lists that I don't need.

Matthias Miller  14:37
Okay? So, yeah, I mean it if it's all the same, we'll just give you buttons for each one, and you can print the whole thing, because obviously that's what you want, unless, for some reason it's easier to have it all show up as one PDF. And you, I mean, it doesn't sound to me like. It's easier to put in page numbers to print the right part. So

Matthias Miller  15:08
let's see. So one question I did have, so my plan? My plan is to import all orders and then we'll pick some day like, I don't know, January 1. And we'll put all old orders on that cut list for that day to get them out of the system. But you'll be able to go back, and if you want to say, what was the cut list for 312 because I was playing around with it yesterday, you can go pull up that cut list, and it shows you what it was. So if, for some some reason, something didn't get done and you want to move it, move it to the next day. You can either come in here and take it off the cut list and pull up today's cut list, or you can go in here and change the date and reprint the cut list. I don't know if that's an issue for you or not, but at a minimum, it gives you history. So to see,

Speaker 2  16:08
yeah, sorry, I didn't mean to cut you off. Go ahead. So, so the running, the running, it's a running list, and so every, every list that gets generated doesn't always get finished on that day. But then George, I think you're on the two on a keystone and on the brewer, the list will stay with those guys the following day, and once that list is done, they get another one on the sawing schedule. George will typically whatever's left over or still in process, will stay on that list, and then other items will get added each morning.

Matthias Miller  16:47
Okay, so,

Speaker 2  16:54
so then it's either a matter of take at the end of the day, remove, or check everything that was done that day, and then it automatically updates and switches to the, you know, and is generated on the next day's list,

Matthias Miller  17:10
right? But that means that we need to, we need to have separate schedules. Then for because you don't want to move everything, we need separate dates. Well, either separate dates or, I don't know, I'll think through how we want to handle that.

Speaker 2  17:28
Well, the orders aren't the the order date isn't associated with, necessarily, with when it gets cut. It Right? The day that it gets cut is just the day that it got cut, if you know what I mean. But each day that we generate a cut list that should probably have a date with it. Oh, wait, yeah, it does. It does. It's specific to the day that it was generated. But the order dates don't exactly dictate the day that it gets cut. Sure.

Matthias Miller  18:13
So is that? Hang on so, but I mean, the issue is that you might have, I

Matthias Miller  18:25
uh, let me, let me just, let me put some thought into it. I think that gives me what I need. But basically, on the sewing side, what we want to do is have a way for George to say, this got cut and this didn't so that we could move it, move it ahead to today, yeah, and for, for all of the others, just assume that if we generate the cut list, it's, it's done,

Speaker 2  18:51
yeah, I think we, I think with the way I, Stephen had done, it didn't have to be this way, but it was done in such a way that I think, am I right? Well, you didn't use it. So it was, I think we designed in a way where, end of the day, the Sawyer brings back his his sewing list, and he he checks off everything that was completed. And so then George would go, because we were using that running Excel spreadsheet. And so then they would go, delete the cells that were done, everything that wasn't done stays on there. The date on the top gets changed to the next day, and then all the new stuff gets added, you know, after the stuff that wasn't done, type of thing, yep. I want to look I want to say this, yeah, like the when you go to cut list, Matthias, it's showing everything. It's showing all the orders, whether they go to Brewer, Keystone, scalpy or sewing, right? Showing all the orders. I want to hear from George, like George when you go to this page. You, are you hand picking each item that you want to send to that cut list? Or were they sent automatically based on you checking a box or something like

Speaker 1  20:12
that? See right now, I have my I have my sweet spots, as far as the cans, which, like is a three and a half, a 616, or eights or whatever. That's my sweet spot. But if I have to change that, because we don't have that in in the lumber yard, I have to change it. But then I have sweet spots that I cut on the gang. So like the brewer gang saw particulars, and the Keystones gang saw gets particulars, but I have options that I say the Keystone is getting ahead of the ball game. Brewer side is getting behind. I can switch gears and transfer that stuff to from one, from one saw to the other. The capabilities of doing that. So that's why we were saying about keeping that that I can manually, you'll need flip flop, take it out of the brewer, put it into the Keystone, and vice versa. And sometimes scalpy doesn't have sprag logs, the diff that the poplar, the oak, which falls back on Strasburg pallet. And then I have to take it out of scalpy and do it here in house, either on the gang or Brewer or the Keystone.

Matthias Miller  21:26
So is there a reason why, instead of three check boxes, we don't just have a drop list that's either sawing Brewer, Keystone or scalpy? Do these ever? I mean, you never said items to multiple locations, do you

Speaker 1  21:47
Well, that's, that's what I was just saying. If it's, if say one Saul's getting ahead or one's getting behind, I'll switch, I'll, I'll switch it from brewer to Keystone. But,

Speaker 2  21:59
but I think Matt, to answer your question, I think it could just be a drop down, right where you think it's either going to be one or one of the other two. It's going to be one or the other. So what Matt's saying, instead of having a yes here and two no's, you would just have a yes or it would say Brewer, and that's it. And you want to switch it to Keystone. You hit the drop down and you hit Keystone. Now says, yeah, exactly, yeah, yeah, man, that's right. Okay, that's right. And I think sawing has to be an OP, yeah, I think those four, yep, four options, right?

Matthias Miller  22:37
I think that makes a ton more sense.

Unknown Speaker  22:41
So, sorry, you

Matthias Miller  22:43
go, Well,

Speaker 2  22:44
I don't know you were. I was gonna move to another little nugget. Here. Go ahead. I'm good. All right. So the overall, the overall gist, is, everything on the cut list has to get cut. Um, we don't want to miss anything or leave anything behind. And so, so long as we safeguard where an item gets put on a list, but then somehow it didn't get cut so we, I think that's kind of where we were. I can't remember how we designed it right now, but that's all. We just have to make sure we don't miss an item, and so however that gets generated or printed off, and all that stuff is kind of that's not the main objective.

Matthias Miller  23:32
So the way I would set it up, if we go this direction, it'll make it easier. But basically, I would set it up where, if you schedule something, if you put something on the on the drop list, or something on the brewer, Keystone or scalpy schedule, then we're going to assume that it's done. And for any of the sawing, George has to go in. Well, I mean, and I guess I mean, we can do this any way you want. That's, that's the beauty of it. But for sawing, then George would have to go in and say, Nope, this was, this was actually done. Let's take it off the list.

Unknown Speaker  24:13
Yeah, yeah. That makes sense. Yeah.

Speaker 1  24:15
The way I'm doing it now, if you mean, when I generate the cut list for, say, the brewer. What I do is, once I get that printed off the printer, I bring it back to my desk, and before I put it, before I pass it out, I'll go through all the items that's on that cut list and delete it out of the Cutlass generator. Yeah, right. Then it's one because I know it's on the cut list, yeah, and it's not a lot of shuffling around, like, right now it'd be, it's a lot of maneuvering around, trying to, if I leave it on there, it makes a lot more work than me. Just when I print it off, I delete this. If it's on that cut list, and then the only I know that it's done

Speaker 2  25:04
well, Matt, you're saying everything that gets put on the brewer or his Keystone, or scalpy George would put it on that list, and once that list is generated, it would go it would leave the cut list for good, right? Would that be okay? George, yeah. And then everything that gets sent to the sawing cut list would remain until it was x or checked somewhere, and then it would go away.

Matthias Miller  25:33
Correct?

Speaker 2  25:35
I think that makes sense. Yep. If that's an easy way to do the whole formula set up and all that, whatever you know that makes, yeah, the smart, the most simple method, which I know, Matt, that's your goal anyway. So absolutely okay.

Matthias Miller  25:52
I mean, my goal is, is, I mean, there's always a trade off, but, but matching business process is what makes sense for you guys, yeah, and, but reducing likelihood of error, yeah. So something else that we could do, and I could just show you what this could look like, I think I could actually this might not be. Let's see. Let's, let's actually, I want to, I want to show you one idea for changing this report, and give me one minute to let's see. I

Matthias Miller  26:50
well, or I could just, I could just, probably just describe it actually, but we could add a secondary grouping where, within, okay, first of all, date, doesn't well, I'll change that. But I mean, one of the things that we could do is is sort by, you know, group all the brewer together in a subgroup on your cut list. When you're putting the cut list together, would you rather have it grouped by the order, or would you rather have it be grouped by like, you know, all Brewer together, all Keystone together, all scalp together. Well,

Speaker 1  27:27
it'd be nice to group all Brewer together, but then it would be nice to group all like, the 716 together, all the inch of five together. So that's what I do. Like, if I have, if I'm ahead of the ball game, I'll try and cut as much 716, on that cut list as I can. Now, there's numerous days that I can't do that, depending on those productions, on my tail, then I can't do that. But to to make it efficient is to stay on the same thickness, because it takes 15 minutes to half an hour to change over. The gang saw, so for me to stay into those multiple 716, jobs is beneficial.

Matthias Miller  28:16
Alright? So we could, we could group by Brewer, then by thickness, and when you generate the cut list of print you'd want, you'd want to use that same, that same grouping,

Unknown Speaker  28:29
right? Well, actually,

Matthias Miller  28:32
actually it does. It does already, by virtue of that setup. I

Matthias Miller  28:44
All right, good.

Speaker 1  28:59
Now do you have, like, a date, like, right now I'm into, like a moon to three. I forget what to what to I need a channel number,

Speaker 1  29:18
like, in sage I usually like, right now I'm open up from 310, to 321, so anything that comes in, I can't finish off the week before, because if Tina puts more orders in sage. So what I usually do is like, I'll wait till tomorrow, and then I'll open it up I still have right now I'm three, three, the third of march to the 14th of March is where I'm at, where my window is opened up. So tomorrow, after I know she's not going to put anything more in for the week of the third I'm going to change that and change the from 310 25 to

Speaker 2  30:03
321, 25 Yeah, but you're talking about last week, week of the third. No, we're in this week. Yeah, you're saying

Speaker 1  30:11
so 14th tomorrow. So after that, then I'll change it and do three. Start Date 317, to end date 328,

Matthias Miller  30:22
well, so because we're tracking what's complete, it's just a different way of thinking about it, but, but we basically just be showing all open orders. No, okay. Sorry, what you're saying is you want a a cut off date that you don't show anything beyond the 14th or 21st for the and is that based on the due date, or is that based on the order date, due date,

Unknown Speaker  30:54
due date.

Matthias Miller  31:00
And so it should show everything. So is it, show everything that's due today or previously,

Speaker 1  31:10
seeing the one that Stephen had set up, I can never go back once it goes past that date. I can't go back until Tina would generate through sage another order. The same thing that was, that's what's what. It was really bad because, like, if I have to change something back in the items list, and we were already, I don't know how to explain it. It just yeah, it wouldn't generate it on the cut list well. So then I had to open up cells wider and hand right? Once I printed it, I'd have to hand write it in there, which stink, I mean, like getting back to the 716 poplar, 46 oak, 46 it would compile that together. So to make that right, open up the cells, hand writes poplar, handwrite oak. So there was just several glitches in there that was, I made it work. But

Matthias Miller  32:20
so is this on a is this on a change order, or is this on something got missed? You, you took it off the cut list, when, when it shouldn't have been off. Quantity

Speaker 2  32:32
changed. What is the reason to go back to her? Jacob talking about going back.

Speaker 1  32:39
I can't like right now, I'd have to think about a scenario, yeah, but I have to think of a scenario. So

Speaker 2  32:45
I'm curious though, George, if like you're talking about in the cut list itself, are all the items on order for a two week period?

Speaker 1  32:58
Yeah, I'm always working on a week we're on right now,

Speaker 2  33:01
and you always have next week's items in the in that cut list. Yeah, area. But what if

Speaker 1  33:08
Tina puts another order in for this week yet? Right? Which tomorrow is Friday, if thinking. But I'll keep that. Keep that week open, just in case she throws something in right?

Speaker 2  33:21
But is there any reason to keep yesterday open or the day before, like Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday of this week? Yeah, you know. So what if? What if it was always updated today, plus the next nine, like it was always 10 days starting with today, definitely okay,

Matthias Miller  33:44
but we we can pull in all sage orders from all time every day. I don't know that the day window matters. Besides, what do you want to have show up on the cut

Speaker 2  33:58
list? I think that's what you're talking about, right? He wants, yeah, to be able to show a specific series of days on a cut list and be able to say, well, it's little thin the next two weeks, why don't I look at what's in the third week? Maybe at one point we might want that option. But so for George to be able to change the dates that are showing in the cut list, that'd be awesome, I think. But then also to be able to go back in history, anywhere, anytime, any day, to be able to do that also would have some value, I guess.

Matthias Miller  34:40
Okay, so here's an option. Oh, by the way, you're doing, are you doing weekly cut lists or daily cut lists? I never clarified,

Speaker 1  34:49
daily, well, sorry, well, daily for the gang saws, but weekly for the would be the solving schedule, because that's just a run. That's. US are running and running. It's taking stuff, deleting cells, and then uploading stuff back onto it. Don't

Speaker 2  35:07
you update that every day, though? Yeah,

Speaker 1  35:10
I do that through the Excel. I don't do that through the generator, right?

Speaker 2  35:14
But if you were, if you were using the generator, you would update every day? Well, yeah,

Speaker 1  35:23
but that will be a running it will indeed, right. So we don't get everything done right, and that's from, say, the third of March to so how are May? We usually do a week's worth of prints. I

Unknown Speaker  35:46
Yeah.

Matthias Miller  35:51
So on the sign orders, come in and you'll every day, you'll look at what's due today, pick some stuff up from tomorrow, if it's, if it's a little thin, and print daily, daily cut list everything else. You'll do the exact same thing, but do it on a weekly basis. Right? Makes sense? Yep. What day of the week? So you'll you'll normally print, all right, so we could do something like, yeah,

Matthias Miller  36:38
see?

Speaker 2  36:44
Are you saying there's a particular day of the week where you'll do all of next week's stuff,

Speaker 1  36:51
or add all of that? Yeah, see Cecil tomorrow? Well, I'm not doing song in this thing right now, but Cecil's got a full Prince tomorrow for the week of the 24th right? Right now I have pretty much everything cut through the 21st right? So once he gives me those prints, I mean scalpy, scalpy Brewer and Keystone, that's fine, but then I take those prints that he gives me, and then I transfer all that info into the selling list from the from the 24th to the 28th through Excel, Not through the generator, but,

Speaker 2  37:41
but you're going to do it through the generator now, and the orders are going to be in here already. You won't need Cecil's prints, right?

Speaker 1  37:56
Well, just to be an insurance policy that it's that's what I do, I'll take that cut list and the print, and if I know what's on that cut list, I go in and put and I actually put Matthias. What I do is put print or page 301, for the cut list on that schematic that we have, the prints that we have that way, if there's a concern or Hey, George, did you get that stuff cut yet? Production's getting ahead. Hey, George, you get that cut? I pull that schematic in print and it tells me, hey, yeah, it was on page 301, da, da, da,

Matthias Miller  38:35
yeah, but

Unknown Speaker  38:40
I don't know. So it's just, there's a lot of stuff I did wrapped around it. I

Matthias Miller  38:47
think what would be, what would make sense is for the cut list generator to be broken apart into daily and weekly cut lists, right? So you do your sawing, you have one screen to do all your sawing and the and you have another scheduling screen for everything else, right, right? Yep, yeah, okay, I will. I mean, that's, I think that'll simplify it a lot. I think there's going to be a little bit of a learning curve. But what I'm hoping for is that a lot of the i i am not offended if you want to keep copies and do all this other kinds of stuff, but the goal, the goal is to make that not be necessary. So,

Speaker 1  39:30
yeah, I was always the only stuff got missed or, Oh yeah, you forgot to cut this George and we have Palace. I mean, I'm going off bunny trail, but we have pallets, and we do 16 different sizes of lumber, so you miss one size out of them 16, when it hits production, you don't mean they have a cut. So every little insurance policy the 40 some years I've been here helped me through. You know me, gave me a. Options and saying proof that I cut it, or why I didn't cut and I screw up. The only we're human, we always, we all make mistakes, but I try and run a tight ship, the only that I don't miss anything, because I know what it causes in production. I know what it causes in specialty, the gangs all changing over, stuff like that. But yeah,

Matthias Miller  40:24
yeah, makes sense. One question I did have on these schedules, we currently have long and short customer names, and they don't always match up nicely. The long name coming from Sage, like sage, it's Armstrong World Industries. And on the cut list, it's been just Armstrong. Do you guys? Is important to you guys, to keep the short names, I think there's also a few. I don't know if I can find this one. Oh, Armstrong. How's it? Yeah,

Speaker 2  41:00
Armstrong is sufficient. We don't need extra words if possible. Okay,

Matthias Miller  41:06
so I will, I'll go ahead and add a field to the contact for the short name that goes on the goes on the cut list.

Speaker 1  41:16
Another field day we, we were having Matthias was, the sage like the AR dash, oh one, then you have some that AR No dash, oh one, or you might have some That's AR space, one space and another abbreviation, but putting the items in that was a fiasco, because I still have film that the print that we've used doesn't match with sage and that Roy throws Through the wrench in it.

Matthias Miller  42:01
Do we still have those?

Speaker 1  42:04
Uh, not really, because every time I do a new item now with Tina, if we have a basket and she throws new stuff in, or that's another question. The way Stephen had it set up, if it wasn't a generated item, it would give me a peach color on that order. Or if there was another peach color, there was something else that, if wasn't, it would give me a peach color too. There's two different categories there. If it wasn't an item in the cut list generator. It would show me peach on the order that meant that gave me, oh, what do you call it? That I knew I had to put it in before it generated to the cut list. If you follow me, right?

Matthias Miller  42:57
Yes, I do follow you. Um, so in this case, I mean, here's an example, cm seven. If we go into items,

Matthias Miller  43:15
there's, and I don't know, I don't know what this item is, but this be one that you'd want to have flagged as an example,

Unknown Speaker  43:27
or no because,

Matthias Miller  43:30
because there's nothing, there's, there's no cut list where

Speaker 1  43:37
no parts or anything, no parts or anything. Yeah, so that will be, yeah, definitely flying because got

Matthias Miller  43:44
it. So if there's, if there's no lumber, and part of the issue here is we haven't pulled in, pulled in parts. But let me make a note of this peach, if there, there are no parts or

Speaker 2  43:59
lumber, mean, Matt, that's maybe some stuff we can do. I mean, if you we still have that, that that window for data entry, right, like the yeah the item, or the new items page, yeah, yeah, these. Or if an order comes in for that particular item and we're like, oh shoot, we're gonna have to go back and finish that, I guess, because some of that stuff may or not, may or may not be ordered again in the future. Yeah, so I don't know. I don't want you to have to deal with that those details, if possible, Matt, but we're able to edit the item data at any time, right,

Matthias Miller  44:54
correct. The main thing is getting it into the system initially. Yeah, and then yeah. Edited at any time.

Speaker 2  45:01
So every anything that's in there, like that, yeah, flag, like that item there. I'm sure we probably haven't done it since we sure started using this thing, or he would have had to get that data into that window. Well,

Matthias Miller  45:13
if on the order screen, we just show what is it? Well, anyway, show the show whether it's got, there's somewhere where we have this, maybe that's on the cut list.

Matthias Miller  45:38
What am I thinking? Maybe it's on the I don't remember where it was, but even if, even if, on the order screen, we would show whether there's, there's

Unknown Speaker  45:51
no,

Matthias Miller  45:58
all right, well, I'll flag it somehow We don't have to take time on that now. Okay, so a few more questions, I think, to get short names in the system, I need the full sage history from Rick across all time. I'm going to guess, and we'll probably pull in all sage orders.

Speaker 2  46:23
Well, I think Matt, the thing, what we were doing, though, was we were taking the item code from Sage, not necessarily the customer name. The customer name was what we entered in the item the the Items page on our side, the only thing that had to match sage was the item ID number.

Matthias Miller  46:48
So do we? That's fair to me. So do you want to i? So you don't even really need the sage customer name at all correct,

Speaker 2  47:05
because we already have everything that already has what we what needs to be in there, the new stuff we will add. And I'd rather do that that, rather than try to match exact duplicates. Because, yeah. Anyway, it goes back to the point sage. Some of the numbers in sage, like, there's a bit of a How would you say a method to the item ID. But then some of the item IDs have are nuanced in different sort of formula, or whatever. So then there was some a few glitches there. So we had to exact match the item ID to the sage item ID, which complicated a little bit. We got it cleaned up again, the customer name. I like to just enter that when we do the new item entry, yes.

Matthias Miller  48:02
All right, so then we'll have a process by which, so on, when we bring in, when there's an unrecognized item from Sage, we can go ahead and create a blank item, but just leave it not set up. Don't fill in a Do you want anything filled in on it? I mean, obviously not the customer because we're using different customer

Speaker 2  48:27
names. So if there's an unmatched item ID that comes in from Sage, then I'd rather we go back, we go into this system and enter the data for that item ID, yep. And what we're doing now is when, well, I'm not sure what are you doing now, George, when new items come on that aren't in the generator, how are you should I

Speaker 1  48:51
say it's Pete. When Tina puts it'll shoot a peach in that orders, in her order. And that way I know that. See, the thing is, it's not rock solid. That's why I'm sitting there thinking, if we don't do that right now, she's putting the prints in the basket, but there's prints that's not being in the basket that I find that's not in. So,

Speaker 2  49:20
yeah, so there's new items coming in, probably not every week, but probably, like, works eight the other day. Okay, so it's just an ongoing new item process to keep yeah

Speaker 1  49:33
and see the thing away. It works. And sometimes, if I know one's missed that we don't have is my the plant supervisor. He has a what's he do? Merv,

Unknown Speaker  49:49
you're talking around the assembly schedule. Yeah.

Speaker 1  49:52
John T do with the other part, the

Speaker 2  49:56
production, the assembly production tracker.

Speaker 1  50:00
Oh, he has to upload, if I don't have a new one in there. He doesn't allow him to do the production tracker on his end that he can, yeah,

Speaker 2  50:10
when he when John, they hand in their daily production list, what they got done? Well, the item has to be entered by George or has to be entered in the cut list generator. So everything gets entered in one place, and then these other couple programs are taking that data from from from that same area. Everything was getting data from the cut list generator, all the item data was being entered there.

Matthias Miller  50:33
So would you want a

Matthias Miller  50:41
makes sense. So we might actually want to, currently, I was just automatically generating the cut list and adding it to it. But we might actually want a manual step, which is how it works now, but a manual step where you look at new orders coming in and it Well, I mean, and that's where they would be flagged if they're missing items, or their items without any parts or lumber, and then. And so you would clean that up first, clean up new orders first, and then you would push those across, generate cut lists, push those across to the cut list, yeah. And you could, presumably, I mean, we could potentially, well, yeah, just that. There you go.

Speaker 2  51:24
So another thing, Matt, and I don't know if there's any discrepancy, discrepancies in sage or not, but on our prints, there are, like the New Holland, which is now Case New Holland. Well, it used to be cnh. Used to be Case New Holland. Some prints say New Holland. And there's all these great different things. Well, I don't know if there's any. Again, like Armstrong World Industries is what shows in sage. But we don't need to paint that all of that text on our stacks. We don't need all of that text on a print. Or the guys don't need to know three words for one company. So we sort of have our own language that works inside a shop. Sometimes the the company names are, it might be a big corporations name instead of, you know, the local company or something like that. So I like the fact that we just stick with that item ID, and then we do that, we do the custom name in our data entry. Then it's one that we one that we communicate around, one that everybody understands here in in house. Yeah, yep, it makes a lot of sense, right? Elaborate, if I elaborate too much here, but yeah, oh, that's good. Double clarify. I

Matthias Miller  52:43
like it. I like it. So one question I did have, we have a we'll be logging into, let's see. Let me change my share here and see if I can. We do have a test system up and running, which is mirroring the lives, which, which is what the live system is going to end up looking like, obviously, with fixes and changes that are underway. So a few questions on that. As far as the address. The address is typically something like, it's it's something dot silver loom.io is Strasburg palette.silverloom.io good. Or would you rather? Do you have an abbreviation, company abbreviation if you wanted something

Speaker 2  53:32
shorter. Sorry, this is the address to where I'm at to

Matthias Miller  53:36
log into the system.

Speaker 2  53:37
Okay. SPC, SPC, silver loom aisle, yeah. I like, yeah, okay, yeah,

Matthias Miller  53:48
good. And then currently, the way it works is it logs in with Google, using Google accounts, but we can also set it up to let me see if I can find with a username and password, just just like this. Do you have a preference

Unknown Speaker  54:16
which? What do you recommend? Matt,

Matthias Miller  54:19
I mean, Google is, if people have Google accounts set up, that's the easy way. Everybody has access to their Google account. Now if, for some reason, you're running on on Microsoft, and you have, you know, people don't have Google accounts tied to their Microsoft account or whatever, then it might make more sense to using the password. But if people have Google accounts or gmails that we can link up, then

Speaker 2  54:41
we all have a Google I'm not that techy. I try to keep everything not to whatever. Have stuff pops up and do you want to sign in as whatever? I'm just like, No, I don't want to be signed in. Just let me get to my dad. Let me find what I want. You know so I don't know. That does

Speaker 1  55:00
that have something to do different with our server and stuff with that, like we have a lot of, I don't know, I'm not a computer geek either, but there's a lot of stuff that goes through our server that it doesn't allow it to sometimes. I mean, is this a program that will, I mean, not generate flags like that.

Matthias Miller  55:24
It should not, I don't think it should generate any flags for you. I mean, do you guys? Do you guys use Outlook or Gmail for your work email? That's the basic question.

Unknown Speaker  55:41
Or use Outlook, I'd have to look though, okay, your name must your work,

Matthias Miller  55:54
like this transport panel, yeah. I mean, if you can log into something like this to do your email then, then I would just use that to for your work email. Then that's what I would do if you use Okay, so I probably go towards the username and password. Yeah, I know it's one more thing to remember, but that's fine. I'll work with Rick to get the Forgot Password setups that we can do password resets and stuff like that. Yeah, and I might, oh, I can switch this guy over to user password too. Then let's see as far as as item information and stuff. How often does that change? And I guess, well, I guess Question number one is, Do you guys still have a few more minutes? We don't technically have to talk about this right now, because we've got some, I've got some, some more work to do. Do you want to talk about, go live plan now? Or do you want to, should we touch base next week?

Unknown Speaker  57:13
Yeah, I have time.

Matthias Miller  57:16
How often does your item list change as far as well? I guess that's changing pretty constantly, right? Yeah. So, so probably, when we go live, we want to do something like so one way would be, probably, to run the two systems side by side for a few few days. So whenever we think we're ready to go get the latest Excel files from you, put it in the system and then let you run it side by side for a few days, and just do it double and see what makes you pull your hair out. And does that sound? Sound reasonable to

Speaker 1  57:52
you? Yeah, and I think one to do the test run I would rather wait till it's hard to say, because I don't like to go like in between. I like to get a week done that I can start a fresh week and start fresh rather than have it like overlapping things that's already in progress. That's, that's what I'm going to probably do.

Matthias Miller  58:20
So something like some, well, and, and so some Thursday evening, Friday, you would, when we've got all the orders and, or, I guess, walk me through a little bit the schedule of how you see that happening. Yeah.

Speaker 2  58:46
I sorry I'm interrupting here for a second. Yeah, okay,

Speaker 1  58:57
where was I? Probably I would probably, I mean, once I know I have everything into the in the cut list generator, like right now, I have maybe six items in a cell yet, six cells to cut for the week of the 10th or now, what's next week?

Matthias Miller  59:23
That'd be the 17th. 17th,

Speaker 1  59:24
the week of the 17th. I have like, six cells left in that Cutlass generator, so once I would have that done, then I could, then I could generate, probably start this test. Test Run.

Matthias Miller  59:38
Got it. That makes sense, all right. Well, let's we'll see once what so I'm, I am largely out tomorrow. I'm going to have some time tomorrow afternoon, and going to be in the office Monday, Wednesday is pretty flexible, too. Two. So we can play by ear. I'll make some of these changes. We can circle up, take another look at it, and kind of see where you're at at that point. As

Speaker 1  1:00:09
far as, alright, good.

Matthias Miller  1:00:13
Anything else on your end you think we should be talking about? Yeah, nothing

Speaker 1  1:00:17
I can Yeah, nothing popping up now, like another question, like bugs and defaults and stuff like that? Well, yeah, like that pop up into this program.

Matthias Miller  1:00:35
Well, here's, here's the confession I heard from a really smart man recently. He said that we try to run a tight ship, but we we're human, and we make mistakes. So

Speaker 1  1:00:47
as long as you have an open communicate, or open communication, we're good. Hey,

Matthias Miller  1:00:52
I will, especially during this go live. I will be, I will be, I will go so far as to let you have my personal cell phone number, yeah, and I know you won't abuse it. You can have it anyway. Birds got it. But, you know, for this type of a thing, especially going live, especially with without more rigorous, you know, in depth, we don't have a whole team that we're throwing at it to make sure everything whatever, yeah, especially, especially as we're doing that, I'm happy to be highly available, and I'm here to here to make you happy. All right.

Speaker 2  1:01:29
Yeah, sounds good. Did you guys kind of figure out next steps after is Matt is, do you already talk about that? I had to. Just want to see some guys and stuff out here as they're leaving right now. So

Matthias Miller  1:01:39
sure. I'm glad so so next steps, I want to make a bunch of a number of changes based on what we talked about. Yeah, and I think it would make sense to do another walk through with that, because it is going to, it's going to be enough of a change that's worth talking through and make sure it matches your process. And then from there, as soon as if I can get that done, before George clears out his his cut list for next week. We're in time that we do that, then we can take his latest files, push it into the system and and he can maybe run it double for a week or something like that, and just work out bugs. I would encourage that, if you've if you've got the patience, the time for it, that's yeah. It really brings things to the surface. So yeah, and we can do that as long as you need to to feel comfortable with it. Okay, I guess one question, and I don't know if this is the case. If I don't know, maybe we should do you guys have general availability? Probably shouldn't plan for tomorrow, but general availability Monday or early next week, what's

Unknown Speaker  1:02:51
that? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:02:54
is there? Are there good times a day for you guys?

Speaker 2  1:02:57
Tuesday mornings, not the not a good time, and Wednesday noon ish is not a good time, other than that, flexible.

Matthias Miller  1:03:04
Okay, let's go ahead and let's see. Whoa. Let's do something like, how about good? Well,

Speaker 2  1:03:21
between nine and 12 Eastern Time, pretty much any every day is is flexible for us. So, yeah, what

Matthias Miller  1:03:30
if we just did, what if we did nine Eastern on Monday?

Unknown Speaker  1:03:37
Sure, yeah, all

Matthias Miller  1:03:41
right. Sounds good.

Speaker 2  1:03:44
Okay, anything else? Matt, no, um, so I'll just say then that with I'm planning to be out there April 1 in the afternoon, and then second or third. And if this is all done, great. There's a few other pieces that I like to to add soon anyway, so if we only just work on that, then that's fine.

Matthias Miller  1:04:08
Okay, sounds good, yeah. Well, if you want to, if you want to show up at my office early, I am doing a webinar presentation, so you'll have to hide from the camera, but I'm doing a webinar presentation on the demilitarized business and how to and end internal war for external momentum. So there you go. Is that what? April 1? April 1, from one to two,

Speaker 2  1:04:34
one to two, your time? My time? Yep, I will. I will not create any conflicts in your office?

Matthias Miller  1:04:43
Well, we could do some live demonstration. Here's what it looks like. All right, awesome. Sounds good? Thank you, man. You guys, Monday nine o'clock Eastern, Monday nine o'clock Eastern, I'll send out an invite just Amen.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:01
Bus. Matthias, yeah, go back.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai