Matthias Miller  00:56
You How are you, sir? Very heavy say, well, let's just

Speaker 1  01:11
let's deal with consolidation. Well, as I told Daniel, I don't pay attention to you to your thread over there, it's a terrible way to get a hold of me. I went back and I was like, oh, there's a whole conversation about this, and I probably should have been looking at and so, whatever. Um, so where do you want these? Where do you want the out of bounds leads to go to?

Matthias Miller  01:36
Well, I don't know who's got the rule, but I do. They should be going to out of area inside No. box.com.

Unknown Speaker  01:45
I think they are. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  01:47
that's what I that's what I said. So I'm not sure why I'm getting them on the online sales side.

Speaker 1  01:54
Well, Daniel set I did it just start like as whenever you since that last conversation.

Matthias Miller  02:02
Whenever Daniel said that up. Yeah, I had him killed that. So how do I get my online lead notifications back?

Unknown Speaker  02:12
It should still be running, is it? Did they stop going to

Matthias Miller  02:15
you? Well, that that was what Daniel setup was the No, the one for the online sales team. Daniel set up to go out to email at truepoint backyards.com. But I was getting both online sales and out of area leads. So. I mean,

Speaker 1  02:45
so when I reset this backup, I did not automate any email because I thought you were going to do that through zip codes inside of assists you were assigning them as leads or as as opportunities.

Matthias Miller  02:56
Yeah, I think I should just that we have got control over it and it's going to be faster too. By the way,

Unknown Speaker  03:04
hold on one second. Okay,

Matthias Miller  03:05
he's your discord integration too, then, huh? I can do discord integration too. Then if I if I take control of it.

Speaker 1  03:14
Okay, Northcote I'll ask you about that in a second. Since I'm supposed to I'm supposed to bite for that one. So hold on a second. Out of area insight mailbox is getting all out of area leads. With card name card description. So that one is still when card is added to the out of it. Yeah, so that one's still operating. You should still be getting that one. Now online let's see. What am I doing with online? Typical online is only it's I'm only sending it to Mike so that he knows where it went.

Matthias Miller  03:52
But if Mike changed my mike to email at SharePoint backyards.com Because he's on that list too.

Unknown Speaker  04:14
Okay

Unknown Speaker  04:16
all right. Now you'll get an actual correctly filtered list. Sweet so now you now you have access to so that email but what what? Why do you want an email from that?

Matthias Miller  04:29
Sounds have any other instant notification yet for new leads coming in?

Unknown Speaker  04:40
Okay, fine. Fine. Bring to that. Five minute. Wait, hold on. Let me let me make sure I wrote that correctly. Just to make sure.

Speaker 1  04:53
email at truepoint back yards.com Ah, all right. Looking at that list now it's going to hit your your email at truepoint backyard as well so and all the outer areas hit once a day

Unknown Speaker  05:11
wheat all right

Speaker 1  05:14
that was easy if you pay attention or you talk to the right person we get these things figured out

Unknown Speaker  05:22
yeah you know

Speaker 1  05:25
but why do that where are you at the poor house? No not the poor house you're at at city on the hill.

Matthias Miller  05:30
Nope. co working space co working

Speaker 1  05:33
space. Wait, isn't isn't that your other office to a co working space?

Matthias Miller  05:41
Well yeah, I mean, I'm downstairs in the downstairs room

Unknown Speaker  05:48
it's like how many co working

Matthias Miller  05:50
spaces does one person need? Well, when you got my level of Oh, shiny object syndrome

Speaker 1  05:58
Oh, I thought I thought you were going somewhere else with that I was like oh when you when you get to my level all right.

Matthias Miller  06:08
You're throwing out paper bill dollar bills

Speaker 1  06:13
so we got this we're working on this true point back Yep, not true point back backyard financing. Anyway, I made this QR code thing send it off to Mike and he never saw the email apparently that went along with it but I made some joke about you know, just point your phone at this QR code and money will just come flying out and I just had this I had this like vision in my head of him taking his phone and pointing it at the QR. He totally missed it which was a bummer. But whatever. It's plenty

Speaker 1  06:51
Okay, first question. The RTO stuff that we that we suspect signed off on what's what happens to that now it do i Is that in your next court whose CT is should I be worrying about that yet? Or should I not be worrying about that?

Matthias Miller  07:11
Let me pull up your change requests and one of the things that's on the agenda is to give you guys visibility into your change requests and the status of where they're at but

Unknown Speaker  07:23
do tell do tell

Matthias Miller  07:25
do detail I talked Ellis about getting some of that stuff rolling too much stuff to keep rolling okay so

Matthias Miller  07:48
think the short answer

Matthias Miller  08:01
yeah gotta sign off on permission to delete sales orders we're going to always allow deleting them and import just to avoid breaking things district fields for restricted users what did he say?

Unknown Speaker  09:00
Okay one second

Matthias Miller  09:05
Yep. sent to the client that one's ready to code

Matthias Miller  09:55
Mr any of these so he is not started coding any of that stuff. I suspect he's heads down with other stuff at this point except for the changes to the truck the track record and report that you said with

Speaker 1  10:13
him on that so that my is the RTO stuff. Those change requests are going to end up in Nick's lap is that where you're heading with that?

Matthias Miller  10:24
So yeah, they're waiting there. They're all approved and ready waiting for Nick. Nick to go

Speaker 1  10:42
you don't have let's see. Let me pull up incidents you don't have a timeframe on on that day you don't Okay. And there's no sense of pulling up incidents Hmm All right. Um let me do this are you still hunting for something or my Am I

Matthias Miller  12:02
sorry? No, no, back to you.

Unknown Speaker  12:03
Okay

Matthias Miller  12:08
let's

Speaker 1  12:09
uh, we were going back to logistic stuff right? Are we are we chasing something else first?

Matthias Miller  12:15
I think we said we want to come back around and look at something we talked about last week but I don't specifically remember what it was last week.

Speaker 1  12:23
Well, we kind of we kind of worked up a working brainstorm if you will, for logistic stuff. Do you need do we need to do we need Josh to look at our working brainstorm before we continue or or has he or what what's your thoughts?

Matthias Miller  12:50
Has he No he is not.

Speaker 1  12:54
Well, that was rhetorical. We see. Pull it up yeah. Just explain to share my screen I did add a note in here the 1017 there one of the things I want to discuss about some of these some of these transit records that we talked about being like really universal like we you can completely define where it starts where it ends, there's no defining it through a record type for like there's no builder defined there's no dealer defined there's no like it's strictly fillable fields or start and end location which would then tie into and this would be particularly for things like site prep, no yeah, no site check sorry, potentially but that could be tied to a building record so building moods was the one I think is the one that would be more like that also retrievals could potentially be that way as well. Don't start yawning now.

Unknown Speaker  14:27
Sorry man. Could could could building moves be both? Like you could tie it to a building record or it could be completely flexible?

Matthias Miller  14:50
Why would we do this

Matthias Miller  15:13
So this is actually the right Okay,

Unknown Speaker  15:26
wait, tell me site checks tied to a sales order?

Matthias Miller  15:33
Right? You haven't done anything with it yet? I think we were talking about wanting to be able to maybe it has to be an either or.

Matthias Miller  16:00
Because don't you want like a repair? Don't you want to repair tied to a? Well, I guess there's repair good types of sales order not necessarily. Now building repairs always gonna be tied to a building. What did we think could be stored on the sales order? Well, we were talking about okay, here's what we had talked about last was that all transit records are tied to a sales order, which would then talk back to the locations are G. Right? Is that right? Thanks. So we don't always have a sales order at this point.

Speaker 1  16:59
site prep would tear down wood site checks as a wildcard, potentially.

Speaker 1  17:12
retrievals wood building moves would not but you could make one that could be the trigger for it. Which if it which if we did it based on sales orders, well, then you would always have customer location information, albeit you don't have any kind of origination or you know, start and stop type of thing. But days off. No, that's totally different thing repairs. We haven't really dug into that yet.

Matthias Miller  17:52
Well, we could have three options. Sales Order, really record? Nothing.

Unknown Speaker  18:16
How would you tie it to nothing?

Matthias Miller  18:20
I mean, you just wouldn't have anything, any blinking. Then you'd manually enter the source and destination. I'm going to assume that. I don't know.

Speaker 1  18:32
What Okay, okay, riddle me this. We talked about, okay. What if? So, if we're chasing this idea of always being tied to a sales order, okay. If we had Is it a record? Is it an MRG? Is it something basically, the locations are G concept? I don't know. I don't know.

Matthias Miller  19:15
Well, I don't know if I like this. I don't know if you is where you're going. But you could say a transit can be tied to a building's location or GE or to a sales border.

Unknown Speaker  19:31
No

Matthias Miller  19:33
transit item or something? I don't know.

Speaker 1  19:35
So okay. Are you saying that transit records are going to be a separate separate record type, but tied off to these things? Is that what you're saying is

Matthias Miller  19:44
correct.

Speaker 1  19:45
So in that record type, you would have start, you have beginning and end locations, which depending on what you tie it to it would autofill Correct. Right. Okay. Well, then why couldn't you have a transit record? That's a standalone

Matthias Miller  20:00
There's no reason why not

Speaker 1  20:04
so if you're doing a site check which has no dollar value tied to it, no problem days off same thing metal delivery we would tie it off to you

Matthias Miller  20:16
don't want to tie the site check to the building record

Unknown Speaker  20:20
your customer contact yeah

Speaker 1  20:33
there's so much there's a ton of tie up that we really need to do on some of this stuff like on 14 wides if you're tying site check to a building record then you can't build that building until the site check is done I don't even know how you would restrict that because you'd want to hold your place in line and get your site check done and hopefully have that signed off before build date

Matthias Miller  21:02
Yeah, but if we think of this as two separate systems and you'd have a checkbox on the building record saying pending final approval to build and if you get to that day and it's the build date and and it's not approved to build you go build something else instead.

Speaker 1  21:27
So what it's would it still show up on the BPR but have like some kind of not approved yeah something I need you to write some of this stuff out. So I because what this is, this is the hard part on some work the technicalities of say site checks and Bill let's let's let's deal with the site check building record thing. I don't know should we deal with this stuff one at a time or?

Matthias Miller  22:18
Yeah, I think Well, I think number one I'm going to gonna I'm gonna head upstairs and get my big screen again

Matthias Miller  22:33
I think we need to do this one at a time I think if we don't do it one at a time then Yeah, so a site prep in the short term, there's two pieces to the site prep piece number one is just getting them done and scheduled right piece number two is the production process and I would

Speaker 1  23:08
say so, we should have some way of saying a transit record can restrict production or a transit record does not restrict production so in the in the in the case of a site check for a 14 wide then we want to restrict production until that's done

Matthias Miller  23:29
yep so All right, well, let's let's start sort of cranking this a little bit. So we got

Speaker 1  23:49
right you didn't make it to your your office yet, did you but let's Oh, you're in the hallway.

Matthias Miller  23:54
Yeah. We have I don't know where to put this stuff.

Matthias Miller  24:30
Is a building Astin would be required for site checks. Yes, it is. retrievals.

Matthias Miller  24:46
Oh, you just say otherwise optional. I think we're gonna go put this

Matthias Miller  25:16
Okay source and destination here's another question Are these literally linked to the addresses on the building record and if you update the locations or gee it dynamically updates the source

Speaker 1  25:34
well, it would technically be the sales order that governs that I'll be at I know there's ties across in the building record customer display something or other I know I don't know how like you'd have to dig into how Josh has some of that laid out but it's really governed by the sales order customer information that it is by a building record information but yes, but I mean I think I think in the locations are G on the building when it says customer it's tying across to the sales order probably as the way that's LinkedIn

Speaker 1  26:26
the source would be source would probably be builder on on a site prep

Unknown Speaker  26:43
right okay

Unknown Speaker  26:50
we're working through site prep correct

Matthias Miller  26:54
yes. Spilling load description

Matthias Miller  27:32
is it just the customer address so shipping address

Unknown Speaker  27:38
yep that's it

Matthias Miller  27:53
hey now a tear down what source would you have that

Unknown Speaker  28:08
same your lips it'd be the same

Matthias Miller  28:13
Okay, so check the scene sight

Speaker 1  28:22
check don't really doesn't really need a source

Matthias Miller  28:34
we can do just do this. So we would do site prep

Unknown Speaker  28:49
Okay

Matthias Miller  28:54
have you got some kind of way to keep my sanity here building tear down where do you work in tabs? So this then this is the

Matthias Miller  29:12
let's do this. table column left required. steppin required. Like prep, building teardown site check. Retrieval

Speaker 1  29:38
Okay, so in a retrievals case, and a retrieval okay, this is going to be interesting because the building customer address should be the source for the and the destination should be the wherever you're taking it. I don't know how we're going to quantify that I guess it would be dealership I guess it'd be dealer contact record

Matthias Miller  30:08
in the building dealer

Speaker 1  30:09
No well no I don't okay go what is what is if you go look at if you put in a dealer type on the locations are gee what is considered

Unknown Speaker  30:29
address Yeah What's it pulling then imagine it's pulling from the contact record in some way

Matthias Miller  31:09
source destination source destination address source Loke

Matthias Miller  31:53
we're just putting the dealer name I don't know that we're actually pulling up in the address off of that

Speaker 1  32:06
well okay building local dealer would probably give you that address I think there's already the

Matthias Miller  32:21
way we're showing the

Speaker 1  32:25
Yeah, you're pulling that you're pulling the it's somehow

Matthias Miller  32:32
worse No, it's on the Yeah, no, it's on the deliveries here hang up

Matthias Miller  32:43
consolidation notes on the delivery itself was go so we got the destination source your source URL here we go. Building previous building URL link address

Unknown Speaker  33:26
building Lok dealer Okay Bill Okay, gotcha

Matthias Miller  33:31
Yeah, it's off the dealer record

Unknown Speaker  33:33
yeah

Matthias Miller  33:38
so where's the billing dealer address is the dealer on the building

Speaker 1  33:59
yeah, technically Yeah. It would be it would be based on it that's in the locations RG currently building look dealer

Matthias Miller  34:11
we could say are we getting building yet building looked Oh, it is a dealer in the so it's the dealer that it was the dealer It was last delivered to that last delivered from

Speaker 1  34:38
Oh, that's yeah. Did you did it for retrievability.

Matthias Miller  34:41
Here we just do a no, it's

Speaker 1  34:44
I think it's a straight up dealer contact record.

Matthias Miller  34:49
You select a dealer?

Speaker 1  34:51
Yeah. And you select Dealer to take it to I mean if we can I don't know if if you have to if you have to select that I don't know what how you want to handle this but I mean it should be in some should could we filter it based on district of of the building the buildings current builder or or in some way filter it I don't know it doesn't filtration doesn't exactly make make a big deal but yeah it doesn't

Matthias Miller  35:23
make a lot of sense to go ahead and you know retreats from Ohio to North Carolina but not saying it can't be done

Unknown Speaker  35:47
okay

Unknown Speaker  35:51
building moods should be user defined

Matthias Miller  36:00
okay, but we're building moves that are based off a building record and ones that aren't right should we treat those differently? I wonder if we should do a like a district X move and a custom move like just have two types

Speaker 1  36:23
it's not even it's not even a district x it probably should be because the potential exists for us to get you know a former SDI building I think when you Okay, how about this if you select the type if you do if you do a transit record if I'm assuming these are going to be a type of transit record if you select building moves should be prompt for sales order. Or steppin? And and then, like, Could we do some kind of like checkbox that says, not available, and then it's then it gives you the fields for just manual entry?

Speaker 1  37:13
The potential exists for two numbers to be inside that building. One, it could be an SDI sale or an SDI number, which would be a sales order number. I have had them put the rounds that have had them put sales order numbers from hours in as well. Or a stint number.

Matthias Miller  37:39
So what's wrong with having an editable macro? That is a sales orders slash stin. And you're interested when we save that if it's a sales order, we go look at the sales order, can we can we determine the difference? Yeah.

Speaker 1  38:10
We can determine the difference so you're saying one field that you enter stin start with S sales orders start with n. And SDI stuff starts with a prefix of district prefix.

Matthias Miller  38:25
Sure. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  38:37
I don't recognize your number. You get voicemail. Thanks. Oh, wait, what's Morris's number she's out today. She's not 2055 Is she

Matthias Miller  38:59
Oh, somebody's trying to call her

Speaker 1  39:02
well I don't know I just a Millersburg number. Well no, she's not Millersburg never disregard it's somebody from I don't know who the 2055 is so moving on it they'll leave me a voicemail

Matthias Miller  39:17
so have a standard specified then the source would be

Unknown Speaker  39:23
the building record we

Matthias Miller  39:25
don't we want to tie this to a specific row and the locations are G Yeah.

Speaker 1  39:37
Yeah, we do. If it's if if we have a skin if we have any, if we have any identifying information, yes, we want to tie it into the building into the into the locations R G. Are we going to finally turn the locations R G into just a historical record which should have been the first place

Matthias Miller  40:00
I don't know well this gets fun So when you create a transit you have to always if it's tied to a building it has to be tied out to a building location

Unknown Speaker  42:48
okay

Matthias Miller  42:51
and then we have a drop list that shows all this information

Speaker 1  43:00
so this will be on the transit record that you're talking about here

Matthias Miller  43:07
yeah on the transit record you would you would choose a building location

Matthias Miller  43:15
so for site check well we have we won't have a location or G at that point though right.

Speaker 1  43:25
Pretend Yes. Because site check should happen in conjunction with the sale of a building

Matthias Miller  43:39
so you'll so as soon as you have a sales order you've got locations RG Yes, okay.

Speaker 1  43:56
Now the only caveat is that do we ever do? Do we ever do a site check in not in conjunction with the building? Hold on. Let me ask that question. One sec.

Matthias Miller  44:15
Yep, The plot thickens okay what's that How about this one?

Speaker 1  47:00
Site checks for a move request so Okay, riddle me this let's let's back up on our thought process for a second. What if we moved locations our G Okay locations our G concept to sales orders sales orders becomes the primary record which sales orders can and cannot be tied to building records. Sales Orders DO NOT x do not report to finished goods inventory, but locations our G like a sales order locations our G would report to building record locations our G as an update, like you would never make the changes on the building record you would always do it out on the sales order. And then it becomes row types on the of the RG on like these transit records per se would become row types on the sales order. Transit RG we'll call it that transit RG on a sales What's your thoughts? Because then you could do dependent types on the same sales order.

Matthias Miller  48:20
Oh goodness. Well, I have no idea what that actually means for

Unknown Speaker  48:39
it's an idea or Josh.

Matthias Miller  48:43
But because if you can't you just go ahead. No, no, no finish with that. Then why can't you just turn the sales order basically into a transit record?

Speaker 1  49:06
I mean, that's kind of what I just did. That's kind of so

Matthias Miller  49:11
somebody wants to say check. Well, let's think through how that would work site prep. Well, that's obvious. You have you have one building tear down. That's obviously got one site check. Oh, you got a quote. So just stick it on the quote and flag it is ready to go before it's paying precisely tribals. You go on the original sales order and you say hey, go fetch this thing.

Speaker 1  49:31
Well, we're going to do we're duplicating the original records anyway. So essentially, if we're duplicating the original building record, then we can establish a new sales order for it and becomes a new thing. Except here's the Okay here's the only tricky piece to this whole thing is that lot buildings do not have sales orders.

Matthias Miller  49:57
So if you want to move well then you just create a user Euro dollar sales order to the dealer and we have a process to automate that to move it from place to place so when you request it

Speaker 1  50:14
I mean we have to do some changes to the to the to dealer portal for showing stuff up on the on the their lot buildings but I mean yeah that's possible so every building always has every building record always has a sales order tied to it it's a

Matthias Miller  50:32
little weird

Unknown Speaker  50:34
yeah

Speaker 1  50:37
I don't know okay the reason I came back with this idea is because the curveball of in have dependent transit records if you will, where you may have a building move that requires a sight check first

Matthias Miller  50:51
well there's other ways to model that too

Matthias Miller  51:29
why specifically does it locations or GE I know there's reasons I don't know if it's inventory finished goods inventory or what but do you know offhand the reason why locations or G needs to live on the building record

Speaker 1  51:42
Yeah, finished goods inventory finished goods inventory and sales tax right now are dependent on that because finished goods inventory is dependent on the final destination checkbox that once that row is completed falls off of finished goods inventory we are looking for the same information final checkbox and completed our G line for running sales tax.

Matthias Miller  52:06
We hope you and we we hope you enjoy your destiny your your time at DNA wherever your final destination may be

Unknown Speaker  52:35
please fasten your seat belts we're about to arrive at our final destination

Matthias Miller  52:39
Exactly. Do you see those to secure your buildings to attract statue well feels to me like this is a choice of ugly

Speaker 1  53:00
see I really way that we could I this is kind of

Matthias Miller  53:12
sorry, keep going. And then I have a thought right sorry.

Speaker 1  53:19
Okay, no, do your thought first that what was yours?

Matthias Miller  53:23
Okay. This is for a building move. Okay, are you thinking site checks were for buildings that have been sold, you know, have previously been delivered. One more time said again that the building move requires a site check. This is for buildings that had previously already been delivered, correct? Yep. Okay, so you're asking about a scenario of a you know, 5% of your buildings or 1% of your building transits and you're wanting to automate that. Like if that happens, then say, Dear, dear logistics person, if you need to do a building move, then first do a site check and watch for that to get done. And when that gets done, then go manually go create a second building move. There's no automation you just sorry, your life is hard. The 1% is hard.

Speaker 1  54:29
Yeah, unfortunately you live and die in the 1% It seems like

Matthias Miller  54:40
we're good. We're gonna invest an inordinate amount of energy

Matthias Miller  54:49
like it would be better off to say the golden move

Speaker 1  54:57
if we sold that building and a customer Besides to move it if they don't owe us money, why do we care about where it is? That's silliness. why would why would we? Why would we want to own a building move site on a building move? Why would we ever want to tie that back to the original building that's senseless?

Unknown Speaker  55:23
No reason to write. I don't know.

Speaker 1  55:32
The only reason ever would be marketing, if well, okay, but if that building moved, and we had a repair request, that would be the only reason that we would ever do that. Now, we could say in the event of repair requests that you search a customer's name and you find and we would search both building records and transit records to make sure that we find exactly where that customer is. Or we can say, or we could do a, or if we do repairs, we always ask for that information independent and we don't worry about automatically knowing where that customer is. In other words, hypothetically, customer calls says, I want to have a repair request. The first thing you do is you input that stin number and you say repair request, the first thing that pops up is Hey, Mr. Customer, are you still at x location? Yes. Okay, imports, the customer information, no, gives you fillable fields.

Matthias Miller  56:38
And then, if somebody doesn't move every time they call them, they're like, oh, no, I told you last time I'm over new place. Or just still optimizing for the 1%. Here's another option, transit records, you're gonna have a transit record building move type, and then you have a requires on the building move, you can have a requires check site check box. When you require a check that box, then you have one of two things, either you link it either link it directly out to a new transit record for you. Then this record basically shows up as a site check until it gets completed, and you've got a separate set of site check completion fields. Okay, here's an idea. Site checks are never independent. They're not their own type. They're always a setting on another type. Okay, so when you you would have a transit for an unsold building, which means that it wouldn't be active except that requires a site check. And because of that, it would show up as a site check. To basically treat site checks is a completely different thing. Well, kind of it's almost like a transit record can be two things at once. Well, not at once, but

Unknown Speaker  58:25
the reporting on this complexity is gonna get ugly.

Matthias Miller  58:31
Okay, if we get rid of site checks, his site checks the place where it was begin. Yes. Everything else is

Speaker 1  58:39
hunky dory. Site checks are the thing that gets that gets really really messy because North Carolina is heavily using site checks. Ohio and Indiana are not necessarily because Ohio does a lot of site preps and so there's no need for a site check because you're they got somebody else coming in and already doing you know, a bunch of site work anyway. But a building in North Carolina we set by block packages and so we have to go and check and make sure which why don't we start selling pads down here? Good question. Not going to discuss that now.

Matthias Miller  59:18
Okay, well, okay, so let's change the conversation. The problem here is site checks. How do we make site checks less painful?

Matthias Miller  59:30
You have a you never manually create site check site checks never exist by themselves. If you want a site check, you go to the thing that to the final delivery. And you say I need a site check. It automatically creates a site check type. And the site check says when you create a site check it says what is the train Is it record that this is for

Unknown Speaker  1:00:08
okay so where did we

Matthias Miller  1:00:12
just make it really easy to create them

Speaker 1  1:00:14
so transit records have a site check type honest Are you saying

Matthias Miller  1:00:23
yes but you never create them manually or if you do you have to link them out to like a follow up type now that doesn't exactly work when you have it

Unknown Speaker  1:00:49
oh well one second

Matthias Miller  1:00:51
yep all right back

Matthias Miller  1:01:16
so if

Matthias Miller  1:01:23
I don't know so a site check

Matthias Miller  1:01:42
is always always says

Matthias Miller  1:01:54
so, you basically have a

Speaker 1  1:02:01
Yeah, but aren't we are we okay? Building moves are not building moves built building tear downs site preps kind of are the same thing because you're essentially saying here's the core transit record whether Okay, for a site check the core transit record on that is either a building move or a delivery of a building. That's the core transit record but then you have a dependent record that says oh, hey, by the way these things need to be done before this core transit record can be done some of those are tied to Salesforce some of them are not and it's like this is this ugly

Matthias Miller  1:02:50
Okay, here's another idea we're going way way way way way way way back

Matthias Miller  1:03:03
gonna get myself into trouble again that's why metal delivery in days Why is this so painful? Because too many

Speaker 1  1:03:41
there's not many industries that are trying to be manufacture and delivery person at the same time are there

Matthias Miller  1:03:51
now almost almost almost exclusively, you would you would hire some kind of logistics company to take care of logistics I mean, right.

Speaker 1  1:04:03
Yeah. Okay, so hypothetically, if I if I manufacture goods, and then I call the trucking company and I say go deliver that I import them information, they go to half and handle it, and the moment it leaves my warehouse, I you know, I consider it as gone and been delivered. We're trying to play both sides of that coin and keep track of all that information on our original product which is

Matthias Miller  1:04:46
painful.

Matthias Miller  1:04:53
Think of it like this, but as a logistics person, you still need to know if somebody calls you up and say says Where's order? Are 1234 You better be able to say that truck is rolling down the hill is rolling down the highway. And, you know, going here, and I know exactly where your stuff is at. Or I can hunt it down pretty easily. So yes, there is a dividing line. But so there's two parts. There's there's two pieces to it. Okay, from the manufacturing side, there's two reasons to engage logistics. One is, I need somebody I need to rearrange inventory. And that's just a building move. No inventory impact. The other one is, this is now leaving inventory. As I sold it, so now I'm handing this off to logistics, logistics, you're responsible to do site prep site check, or you know, whatever stage it happens even with site jackets before it leaves inventory.

Matthias Miller  1:06:10
So what if we started with the assumption I like I like where you're going with this, what are we started with it? With a even an even broader assumption, which I think means questioning the locations or G, that Logistics is a its own entity.

Speaker 1  1:06:38
If we made it its own entity. Then all we have like, all we really have to do is once a day write information back and forth on stuff on what's been delivered. I feel like I have brain block.

Matthias Miller  1:07:06
Here's how I would describe it. Why is Why is an airplane? Harder to fly? Oh, boy, I accidentally muted you. Sorry. Why is an airplane harder to fly than a car? Well, a car can go forward or back or left or right. Why is an airplane more difficult? It can go up and down. What's more difficult than an airplane? Well, actually in airplanes easy. They can go left, right? Forward or up or down?

Unknown Speaker  1:07:45
doesn't like to go backwards. But

Matthias Miller  1:07:47
yeah, it does. It can't go backwards, which really simplifies things. So why is the helicopter so painfully difficult? Well, because it can go

Unknown Speaker  1:07:54
any direction.

Matthias Miller  1:07:55
Like literally like and every dimension that you add order compounds the complexity. And

Speaker 1  1:08:05
okay, so how can we can we get can we simply can be ruthlessly simplified? Is there a way that we can say?

Matthias Miller  1:08:20
Well, yes, there is. Let's I think we have the wrong categories perhaps I don't think a transit record. These are no actually all transit records, their work orders and transits and they're all scheduled will events. But a site check doesn't actually require it's not. So how would we how would we simplify this? What are the things that need to be done? think the thing that's challenging is because it's all done by the same person.

Matthias Miller  1:09:04
Or another way to say is what are the dimensions that we're dealing with?

Speaker 1  1:09:10
Okay, the dimensions that we're dealing with are one scheduled events, two dependent scheduled events and three events, scheduled events that can and cannot help production. Okay, for example, building requires a scheduled event. it as its strictest, simplest form, it requires a scheduled event. It can go to a customer, it can go to a dealer doesn't really go anywhere else. Yep. But a building is like, needs to have a also have a scheduled event that can limit whether it should be built or not. I site checks, potentially, site preps, building tear downs, all of those scheduled events have real time restrictions on them where, for example, you may have a building that, like you may be immensely delayed on your site prep because of rain, which means you really should push back the production of that building to a later time, because it's been raining for four weeks.

Matthias Miller  1:11:10
Well, part of the problem is that so how would you solve this problem, one of the ways to solve it is you can't build the building. The building goes into the build goes onto the BPR. As soon as the site prep is completed, and it might start the next day, which there's this question, what does that do for lead times? Now, okay,

Speaker 1  1:11:41
okay. One of the things I wonder if we can, I hesitate to take this off the table. But ideally, you could say this is a really hard quantify hard to quantify the parameters and variables that go into whether a site check site prep a building teardown is done. So that requires logistics coordinators who consistently communicate with shop personnel to say, like, Okay, we could theoretically say, we're going to do no automation tie in on that. But we're going to build reporting on items that have these things. And that becomes a daily or bi weekly or weekly, reviewable thing with district manager to say, Okay, it's been raining, raining, raining, we haven't gotten done this site prep yet. So that means that we have to push back this building, that is a possibility. And I wonder if that's not the better possibility, rather than try to quantify the variables and to actually make restricted variables to actually govern this thing? Because that's going to be really hard.

Matthias Miller  1:12:52
Yeah, you're right.

Speaker 1  1:12:59
Because to say we never build a building, unless site prep is like, scheduled and on track, I don't even know how How did you even quantify that? Like, that's not sure you can quantify that. But I do. Sorry,

Matthias Miller  1:13:17
I do don't get about reporting

Speaker 1  1:13:18
on stuff like that. And we can have that be part of a, you know, weekly bi weekly check in with a district manager to say, hey, we keep trying to do this site prep, it's not happening, we're going to have to push back, we're going to want to push back production on this. I mean, we can color code all kinds of dates, and do you know, bubble stuff to the top that should be talked about with a district manager on reporting on that stuff? Yeah. That would, that would super simplify our frustration on this. Now, interdependent records that say you can't do you can't deliver this building unless this other item is done. Those are very quantifiable variables. I think that we can handle like you can't, you can't deliver a 14 wide building until a site check is done. Well, that's pretty simple.

Matthias Miller  1:14:19
Yeah. argue with me? Well, I think you're right. I mean, I think it's a great hypothesis to try. So with that trying to figure out how that impacts design here. If

Unknown Speaker  1:15:07
Are we pausing in 10 minutes?

Matthias Miller  1:15:11
Yeah unless you want to keep going

Speaker 1  1:15:13
well I mean what did you what how much time do we scheduled for this

Matthias Miller  1:15:18
we schedule it for the bottom of the hour it's about the maximum or

Matthias Miller  1:15:31
I'm struggling a little bit

Matthias Miller  1:15:43
are a lot what is the practical here's the other thing that I find a little confusing

Matthias Miller  1:16:09
why would we not seems really weird the locations are G only has part of the story

Matthias Miller  1:16:34
I'm not sure if I should care, but it feels really weird. seems really weird.

Matthias Miller  1:16:47
I don't know how much work this would be but. Brains toast

Speaker 1  1:17:06
okay, if your brain is toast, because I feel somewhat the same way, Can Can, can you write a bunch of the questions that we're up against here? Like, if you just if you pop a whole bunch of questions down, and and we pick this up again, maybe Friday, or if you have time or next week? Yeah. Because I feel like if we keep if we keep knocking on this thing, and give time in between, some ideas are going to start to crystallize. Because here's, here's what I'm that makes me really, really nervous is that

Speaker 1  1:18:06
part of me wants to go and say, man, let's let's really do major redesign, I'll be it. There's a lot of concepts that we've already built out that are probably hindering this conversation. And I'm not sure which ones we want to touch in which ones we don't want touch. Because for example, locations are D, like there's a lot of stuff that Josh is doing with that, that I get really nervous about touching. Because they also touch a bunch of other things.

Matthias Miller  1:18:42
I know. And yet they say that you can discover your innate ability to your unique ability by looking at the things you get in trouble for the one the one thing that I've gotten, at least in the most severe trouble for throughout life is questioning the sacred cows and asking questions that no everybody else was here to ask and nobody else asked. So I don't know that it's the right thing in this case, but I do think it's worth asking whether whether we should be reconsidering how the locations or G works. See my opinion, if you actually think of logistics as a separate entity that is out sourced and you say, I need this, this and this and this done. And here's the requirements. And then there's a negotiation process to say, Okay, you can't I am a manufacturer. And I call you up my say customer told me wants they want this building. By this And can you have a site check done by by this date? You say, yep, can do. And then week later, you're like, Hey, guys, I will you say can do barring an act of God. And then you call back and say, hey, it was raining, and I can't do the site check, just want to let you know, can we renegotiate this agreement? And the manufacturer says, Yep, no problem. I'll call the customer, I'll do whatever it takes to actually, you know, in this case, we're calling the customer, but we're gonna we can, we can schedule it out a week later. And let's give it another go give it another go. Give it another go. Give it another go. Until finally, you hit a negotiation that you can agree. manufacturers like, Okay, you got to say check done. It looks like you're gonna be able to get it done. We're gonna go ahead and build the building and get this thing rolling. What is the the manufacturer cares about two things. He says he needs to know what? Well, he needs to know three things. One, he needs to know what sales tax to pay. He needs to know what buildings are in his lot where, and he needs to know when buildings leave his inventory.

Speaker 1  1:21:02
Okay, riddle me this. Have you guys talked in accounting stuff on how you're going to handle finished goods inventory stuff? Yep. And I have a proposal. Okay, at any given

Matthias Miller  1:21:19
state of the bill that the building is in to be determined by Gabe and Mark and Kristen, every building has an impact on the balance sheet. And there's discussion exactly how this happens. Effectively, what happens with finished goods is or with inventory. Cost Accounting is at some point, you have variants, because you're making up numbers, and you don't actually know them right away. And you have to account for that variance. And in the case of an audit, apparently, you may actually get need to get, you know, there has to be some reasonable amount of accounting for variance. So on the billing record, you stomp out we say we think these costs are going to be xy and z. And then run, run, run, run and then accounting comes back and says, Okay, for the buildings built in this period, the overhead was, you know, $32,117.04, and it goes and distributes that and recalculates numbers and stomps them on the building record. Then, for the tie in into the accounting system, we say, Okay, do your building, what is your impact to the balance sheet and income statement. And if the building isn't built, it's like zero, I didn't do anything. And then when the building gets built, it says, Oh, I debited raw materials by this amount. And I credited finished goods inventory by this amount, et cetera, et cetera. And then, and then we sit and then billing gets delivered, which is, which is the accounting sale of the building? We say, okay, building, what is your, what is your impact on the on the statement? And it says, Well, I still have all my raw materials. So that's all all taken out of that account. And I don't have any impact on finished goods inventory anymore. But now I have an impact on sales. And I've got impact on on cost of goods. And here's the final impact. And each of these stages, we say, okay, accounting system, how many? How many transactions Do you have, for total of all your transactions do you have for this building record? Oh, you said that the impact on raw materials was actually we have this much impact on raw materials in the accounting system. But the billing record says that we should have this much impact. So we're going to create a Delta transaction that fixes that up. And now it's billing and finished goods inventory. So we're going to subtract that out. And then now we have the cost of goods sold. So we're going to, we're going to debit for that. And at the end, we go create this delta transaction that basically syncs up what the accounting system, all the all the transactions we have in the accounting system that's tied to the building record, and compares it versus the dear building record, what's your impact on the balance sheet income statement, and it ties those two out? What this allows us to do? It has built it's, I think, relatively simple to implement, and it has built in flexibility so that at any point they want to say, oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, we actually want to the impact of the the way that financial should be handled in this situation should actually be this and we can

Unknown Speaker  1:24:16
accommodate that. I don't know if that was a best ramble. I don't know if any of that makes sense.

Speaker 1  1:24:36
So correct me if I'm wrong, every other financial type software would transact all of this stuff from the point of some type of sales order rather than from the item itself. Correct. Right now We're backwards. We do all this transaction with the thought of the item rather than the sales order that it's tied to.

Matthias Miller  1:25:12
Well, you'd have a work order to build the building. I think,

Unknown Speaker  1:25:20
which should be tied to the sales order.

Matthias Miller  1:25:23
Well, not necessarily. A lot buildings.

Speaker 1  1:25:29
Yeah. Okay. But that's okay. We should, then we should be created like, that should be okay. We're okay. Fine. Work. Okay.

Matthias Miller  1:25:36
We're gonna order go build the building. Okay,

Speaker 1  1:25:39
but a work order, okay. Okay. But work order could be okay. So then we could have three different types of very similar things, work order sales order, quote. Like that, that record should, like the core record should be the sales order, which right now there's two different types for the sales order. There's a quote, and there's a sales order. So if we make a third type of the sales order, which would be a work order, that would solve the problem of blocked buildings, because of work order could like if the sale if it's tightened. So then we could then put transit records on the sales order. You're getting crafty now. Because sales orders already have built to ship to dealership, we could add potentially, if we make a sales order for a building move, etc, etc. If you said, Okay, this is not, you know, if it's a completely random thing, well, then we could get a source destination, extra fields that show up whatever, we could talk to the details on that. But every building always has a sales order, or some type of whatever we want to call that thing now. But those two always work together, they can, like you can disconnect the building from that, that record, that sales order record, you can put another building on it. But everything lives around, like if we can start thinking about the sales order itself as the core record, because at the end of the day, it's all about selling something. Not necessarily what not the item that you're selling right now, we think of all of our records in our, in our system as the item itself. And I think it's backwards.

Matthias Miller  1:27:38
So what happens when you disconnect a work order from a building? Especially when it was the thing that put it on the BPR? Or does the BPR not tied to a work order?

Speaker 1  1:27:52
Now the BPR should tie to a work order. I mean, that's what should become the governing factor what when, when you disconnect it from a from a sales order record, then right now they go on a string to building list which a bunch of these stranded buildings get get created somehow right now, in some ways, which I don't completely understand. We have to like figure out and quantify like, Okay, here's how we can handle that. If a building gets disconnected from a sales order, then it goes on a string to building lists with the filtration that says I was formally assigned to something an act of something or other I don't know that part I don't know what to do with but this, then you could literally go back to the idea of saying you could create a all these strings of what happens based on that sales order because it becomes the key record. We no longer have to worry about finished goods inventory because we're not dealing with a finished goods inventory item. The item on that sales record is the finished goods inventory piece, which yes should be tied out to a whole host of things but am I making any sense?

Matthias Miller  1:29:14
So basically finished goods you calculate by looking at all sales orders for buildings. Well all work orders for buildings who do not have an accompanying sales order.

Speaker 1  1:29:35
Don't know I gotta let that one simmer. Throw some of that in your notes. I don't. I know that I'm pulling. Okay. So here's what's here's what I think the crosswords we're running into is the intersection of sales, production and accounting. And we've got to go we've got to go head to the direction of accounting because at the end of the day, everything's gonna have to work with accounting. Like, there's no, there's no two ways about that, like, we're at the place in software. Now, we've got to think this way. So, accounting software is pretty modeled, like, there's a ton of accounting software's out there and how they model their information, I think, is how we need to start thinking. Agree or disagree?

Matthias Miller  1:30:36
That's probably fair.

Speaker 1  1:30:46
We're seven minutes past and so. All right.

Matthias Miller  1:30:51
Well, it's good. And we'll see, I'll be in touch about Friday.

Speaker 1  1:30:58
See if you have another spot open on Friday, and let's let's continue to chew on this thing. I don't, here's what I don't want to do. Matthias, I don't want to like, I feel like the direction that we're heading. Like all of this, all of these pieces that we've kind of been designing are all kind of doing this. And whatever we do with logistics, like it's got to mesh beautifully into that. And that intersection right there is accounting.

Matthias Miller  1:31:29
Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Sounds good. Should it

Unknown Speaker  1:31:40
feel like we didn't get anywhere?

Matthias Miller  1:31:43
No, but just be glad it's only two calls of these and accounting system took longer.

Unknown Speaker  1:31:49
So how many calls in are you with that?

Matthias Miller  1:31:56
I have lost track. In a month. You know, is it like? I don't know. I don't know if we're up to does it or not? Ah, we got a ways to go. We do have a ways to go. We got some catching up because those aren't slowing down.

Speaker 1  1:32:15
Yeah, yeah. All right. Okay, sounds good. How about Friday?

Unknown Speaker  1:32:19
We'll do


Transcribed by https://otter.ai