Unknown Speaker  00:19
Good morning, Michael. Good morning. How are you doing?

Matthias Miller  00:27
Pretty good. Had a lengthy couple of days. Back in the swing of things, have a whole list of things that we'll be updating you on. Hopefully before too long.

Unknown Speaker  00:43
Beautiful stuff.

Unknown Speaker  00:46
Good talk. Good morning.

Matthias Miller  00:52
Good morning, Tori. How are you this morning?

Unknown Speaker  00:56
I'm good. How are you doing?

Matthias Miller  00:57
I'm good. Marissa messaged me early this morning and said that she's down with a fever. So she's not going to be able to come in today.

Unknown Speaker  01:10
Hopefully she's she feels better.

Matthias Miller  01:12
Yeah. Doesn't sound sounds like there's plenty of stuff to go around right now. So yeah. Just want to make sure that? Yeah. Okay. So I'm

Matthias Miller  01:37
curious how your day went yesterday.

Speaker 1  01:42
So had a lot of outreaches yesterday about 16. Some of them were follow ups, which resulted in some voicemails about 10 emails with four of the main quotes. But yesterday, I really made it a focal point to like really go into depth on value. And I really saw a shift after that. It's almost like a light bulb went off in people's heads like, oh, yeah, like, of course, I should invest a little bit more to have a lifetime shed versus something that lasts only five to six years. So I'm really gonna build off of that. It was good to see that. So I had Florida conversations. It says Christopher in the system, but it was actually his wife. And that was a good combo. It was funny. She was talking about how she wants to she shed to get away from her husband. Because like crazy stuff on TV and weird stuff. That was a good conversation and even with matching the cadence like she was open, so you know, I was more open and that was good. So I will follow up with her today. She wanted a barn Tao eight by 12. Shed talked to a lady named Cynthia, she was interested in the Larson style in the random white barn. By the way, question on the red and white barn. It says bright red and configurator but I know the colors are a little off but that is actually the bright red one on the website right.

Matthias Miller  03:17
Mike, do you know the answer to that offhand

Speaker 2  03:22
habit without having that right in front of me. Refresh my mind the Larsen is that the vinyl or is that the painted one?

Speaker 1  03:30
The Larsen that is the I think that's the smart side for painting. Web.

Matthias Miller  03:40
Websites is one more blocks. Okay. Yeah,

Speaker 2  03:43
fine. All right. Okay, so that is that is the mountain very exciting. So if you'll see the mountain very red would be the vinyl version of that.

Speaker 1  03:56
I'm referring to the Yes. I didn't see the name on that one. It was like a random white, a random white one. It's on one of the pages but it didn't have a name by

Speaker 2  04:17
the vinyl red vinyl, we only have one red vinyl, and it's called the mountain Berry. Now that's, that's a unique color on my little color chart. That's the only color that's not on there because it has to be a different brand than our standard brand does not carry a red. So we had to piggyback off of a different brand. So it's not it's one it's like the only color that is not on a color chart. But it is a very deep red color. Okay,

Matthias Miller  04:49
so we're on the configurator there's

Matthias Miller  04:59
I'm seeing

Speaker 1  05:03
I saw on the website it was like a bright light red but maybe that was a custom color

Matthias Miller  05:13
so this is the one for Cynthia is that right? Yes. So I'm seeing your quote though I'm seeing the I'm seeing these as smart side is that what you intended

Speaker 2  05:36
if it is smart site and then we have red or bright red to choose from the red is by far the most popular one. The bright red is extremely bright. There are some people out there that want that but typically it's more down the lines of like if it's for like a Kids Clubhouse or something. But it is an option no doubt the most popular one is going to be the regular read okay of course it's personal opinion

Unknown Speaker  06:04
okay

Speaker 1  06:13
once they can Okay, yeah, she wanted she wanted on the barn when she didn't want smart siding and then on the Larsen she, she was just interested in that. So the vinyl

Speaker 2  06:44
okay. The actual color of that of the vinyl, the red vinyl, which is the mountain Berry, red vinyl? If you'll find it on the configurator the actual color is going to be close to the red. A lot closer to the red than the bright red. Okay, and absolutely should be an option where you can choose that one.

Speaker 1  07:12
Okay, is the tank is a tank color. is it exactly that color? Because I noticed the tan is a little dark on the configurator?

Unknown Speaker  07:24
And as in the vinyl color. Yes, for the paint color.

Unknown Speaker  07:33
The vinyl, the paint,

Speaker 2  07:35
the paint in the vinyl and the tan actually match. And then I did sent you a little actual sample should be arriving in the mail or FedEx. Have you received those actual samples yet or probably not.

Speaker 1  07:52
I checked yesterday, but I'm going to check this morning and see,

Matthias Miller  07:56
okay,

Speaker 2  07:57
some time in the next day or two. You shouldn't be receiving actual samples. And then it'll help you visualize an actual chip versus what you see in assists. So assist us was close. But to get verified the exact colors when you're trying to describe etcetera, you can see exactly. I mean, it's literally a chip of the actual samples.

Unknown Speaker  08:21
Okay, perfect. That'd be really helpful. Okay. Other than that, I talked to a guy named Leon.

Speaker 1  08:35
He was looking for a workshop garage, got him a quote, I follow up with him. And I got return my call by the name of Rodney said RA and the system but he was saying that he's a visual guy. I was talking to him through the different options, but he kind of had no idea what he wanted. He said He asked to see it and fill it and all that. So he said he's kind of visited near location in Virginia. So he said he was going to be doing that within the next few days.

Speaker 1  09:13
That's pretty much it as far as the conversations, but I think they flow. I feel like I'm figuring out what works. So I'll continue to build on the value piece and do my follow ups this morning.

Speaker 2  09:31
On that visual person you were talking about you're saying he was he was interested, however wanted to actually arrive at a location where there's displays and walk into one did you get it that in that aspect? Is that correct?

Speaker 1  09:47
Yeah. Yeah. Like when Alex would explain like the different flooring and stuff to him. He was like yeah, okay, I would really love that shade and feel it and all that so I guess that's the style before he makes a big purchase.

Speaker 2  10:02
Is he closer to South Boston or Chatham? Which location would he be arriving at?

Unknown Speaker  10:07
He said Chatham.

Speaker 2  10:10
Okay. Perfect. We would probably probably be arriving again with one of those little sheets, too. We could identify as that right. Okay, perfect. You don't have a name for that. And I might just give Kelvin a heads up to look for him arriving next couple days.

Speaker 1  10:35
Yes, his name is Rodney. I believe I have this last name in my notes. But I'm going to do this morning I'm gonna give him a call and I'm going to see exactly when you plan on coming back and give you that information

Speaker 2  10:53
if you would just shoot me a little email on that no one would just maybe follow up to COVID a little bit and give him a heads up to look for him and

Matthias Miller  11:00
Okay perfect. And as far as the leads that came in last night

Matthias Miller  11:43
I guess it probably makes sense to go ahead and assign versus leads over to Tory's that she can follow up with them. Go ahead, and

Unknown Speaker  11:56
that was sort of I mean, I

Matthias Miller  12:02
I need to make a better Federal Way of reassigning these but soon as the paint gets big enough, we'll fix it.

Matthias Miller  12:17
Okay, well, I'll go on those down and sign them. Okay, anything else?

Unknown Speaker  12:35
Oh, I think that's it on my end.

Matthias Miller  12:40
Sounds good. Anything from from you, Michael?

Unknown Speaker  12:45
Oh, no, that's great.

Speaker 1  12:48
Oh, I do have a quick question. So the guy, Joe, that you did the custom quote for? He responded this morning through email, he was like, No, cancel it. So do you think I should follow up with him? And see, like the reasoning for that or just kind of

Matthias Miller  13:09
he had placed an order or he had.

Speaker 1  13:15
So it was a custom quote, he wanted a larger building. So they had to go to Michael, can I sent him over there? That was his response.

Matthias Miller  13:26
I mean, I don't like you might have some of my thoughts and you can weigh in your thoughts and how to approach it. I think I think it'd be, I think be completely appropriate to say no problem. You know, go ahead and get that canceled and and reach out or reach out to him and let him know that that's no problem getting cancelled and just hear from him. Did you find somebody else or no longer a priority or just kind of what happened? Michael, do

Speaker 2  13:54
you have any input on that? Right? Yeah. No. Great, at least maybe getting some feedback from him. And assuring him that Sure. Absolutely. We hear you. And then on the backside seeing if there was some reason behind it, and we'll at least learn from it. Right, right.

Unknown Speaker  14:13
Okay. Well, thank you guys. Appreciate you.

Matthias Miller  14:21
Yep, likewise. You as well. All right, appreciate it. Okay. Later


Transcribed by https://otter.ai