Matthias Miller  01:40
All right, we're gonna give that a Shot. Can you guys hear me now?

Unknown Speaker  02:04
I can, All right, awesome.

Matthias Miller  02:08
So if you guys. takes. Cool, welcome, welcome, welcome. We're gonna give just another minute for everybody to. wife and I had just gotten married in August, and I had taken a break from working For a nonprofit, and had gone back into software development, and we and this was in February, over my wife's birthday, and I was working by myself in a an inside Office, no windows, and spending a lot of time working by myself. coming. in. Hopefully, guys are not bashful, you can throw on your webcams if. guys are having a a fantastic week everything that's going on. So if you guys are not bashful, you can throw on your webcams. If you're feeling shy and like to hide behind. Thanks for being bold, Frank. Good to See you. I'm Finishing much then i All right, can you guys hear me? Now? I can hear you. All right. Awesome. Sounds good? Leave it to the tech guy to have tech issues, but here I am, awesome, good. Well, super glad you guys are here. And I think there's going to be maybe some more people joining us in a bit. And there are quite a number of people who wanted the recording. So finding and discovering your superpower, I wanted to start with a story, because this story is kind of a well, it is kind of a, it's a it's a pivotal point in, kind of our in, kind of my journey, my On difficult, complicated, long range software projects, and that there was, it was I kind of started spiraling down at that point. I didn't realize how I kind of, I kind of gotten so pigeon holed into this space, that I assumed, that I kind of kind of assumed that that I wasn't a people person, or that this just wasn't kind of my, my kind of thing. But the but it continued taking an energy drain from me, and it got to the point where, literally, the evening of my wife's the first birthday we were celebrating as a married couple, I was, I was at such a low, physical and emotional state that I actually left the dinner table and crashed out for the Night. And and all of this was born from this place of being completely misaligned with who I was, who was, who I was supposed to be, and and this had kind of been an ongoing journey for me, of like, discovering, like, what, what is it? What does it take for these things to align? And I found bits and pieces, but there were a lot of missing pieces with that as well. And so what I want to look at over this hour, there's a lot of things, there's a lot of things that in part two, I want to go into more of the practical pieces of it, but there's a lot of kind of starting framework that I don't hear a lot of people talking about, that I think is absolutely critical to this and and it certainly has been for me. So we're gonna, we're gonna have some learning, we're gonna have some doing, and I'm also planning to have some homework at the end. And highly, highly encourage you to have a pen and paper handy and and take some notes. One of the, one of the kind of foundational issues around this is, is is a lot of people end up getting trapped into discouragement around life situations. And I think, as it as is, from a very starting point, you have to understand that there are unbending rules in life, and they don't change. And there are some things that we have the capacity to change. It's some things that we do not have the capacity to change. It's, it's very popular in today's in today's age, to emphasize that we can change whatever we want to, and it gives us a sense of freedom to believe that we can do that. And it's actually, ironically, that's a really disempowering mindset, because, because when you when you were told you can change something, and reality tells you different, and you have all these people you you you respect, then, then all the attention kind of then, didn't you end up turning inward and it, it fuels this discouragement. And discouragement comes from fighting things that don't change. And if I look at my journey, I spent years, like literally years trying to figure out how to change myself to do well in that situation. And everybody around me applauded me, applauded me. And, and we're gonna, we're gonna get into this of some of the cycles that get created because of this and, and it kept me trapped in this cycle of discouragement. Now perseverance is is primarily changing what's not working and getting it to a place that works. It's not it's not about continuing a path that doesn't work. And I think, I think again, the high value that we hear in today's world of grit, perseverance and all of those things, there's a reality to it where you have to stick to it, but there's also reality to it where perseverance is being willing to change those things. When you're making those changes, there are in everything that you do, there are foundational elements that must be in place for anything else to succeed, and and the most worthy teachers in any part of life, and including when you're looking at this whole thing of finding your superpower, you have to be able to put that foundation in place first before you start building on top of that. And a lot of the a lot of the assessments like this and Enneagram and all of those other things are built above the foundation, and you have to get the foundation right. So as a result of what happened, as a result of this journey, one of the one of the interesting things that I found is that I found I found myself frequently having conversations with people and they would be like, Hey, here's what's happening at work, and here's here's like, This is so frustrating. I can't get along with this person. And within a matter of minutes, I would be telling them, well, first of all, you should not be sitting in on these types of meetings, because, like, that's not that's counterproductive for you. And or, second of all, here's, here's the issue, because in in the environment that you, that you're in, you need this type of manager, or you need to become this type of manager. And if you don't have that, then it's going. To create additional frustration for you as well. And so I find myself in these situations, telling people how to adapt. And so there's, there's two basic things, two basic tools that allow me to do this. And the first one is understanding heart conditions, because, and that's one of the big foundations that I think people miss in this whole thing, is is that unless your heart is is positioned correctly, you're not able to apply, apply the practicalities of it. So that's, that's part A which is what we're looking at today. Part two is, there's the practical side of things, which is a compare and contrast and and what every, what every assessment does is it creates a spectrum between, okay, some people are like, way over here. Some people are way over here. And then there's and then there's people in the middle, but it creates language around describing how people are, how people are different. So, all right, so one of the big reasons that I see people not not living in their superpower does come down to heart conditions. Here's what I believe that. I believe that each person was created to live out their their superpower, that there is something that's innate inside of each one of us and between, between cultural conditioning and between the fact that we have an enemy that is intent on keeping that locked, like keeping that from being made manifest to the world around us, that that ends up getting distorted. There are any anytime you want to go through a change, there is a there is a path of surrender that we go through from from there's a path of surrender that we go through before we can start embracing the new change and and on the on the starting point of the path of surrender, There is a closed heart, a closed mind and a closed Well, there are things that we have set our heart on, there are things that we've set our mind on, and that there's things that we have set our will on that keep us in our current situation and as we let go of this is who, this is who I believe to be in my heart. This is how I think of of myself, and this is how other people think of myself. And here is the determination that I am going to be this kind of person. You have to let go of all of those things and surrender them, and lay them down at the table. And as you go down the valley, surrender them, and you can start picking up those things again and allow and and it requires you once, once, once you surrender, that you're able to allow your heart to embrace who you're supposed to be. You're you're able to start thinking about yourself from from fresh perspectives, and you're able to and you're able to put your will behind what you're actually supposed to be. I see a lot of people struggling because they're still in this they haven't surrendered. They're trying to do to two things at the same time. So they have this need to be a certain type of person and and they're not willing to let go of actually being and living out that type of person. And they want that secure. They want the security of this anchor that if I let go of being seen, recognized, operating, acting. So this could be, this could be a role in a job that maybe, maybe there's somebody in a who has a role in a job, and they're, they're, they're, you know, they enjoy the, well, they enjoy the accolades of being, perhaps in a management position, but, but the management position is misaligned. Who, who they would be. Maybe they would be better aligned in sales instead of management and and so they but, but they don't want to surrender that, but at the same but they so they want to hang on to that while still trying to to find their superpower and find their their their the place where they need to go. And it ends up creating double mindedness for them and and it really like this is one of the things that keeps them locked so we're gonna, we're gonna go keep going through, through a couple of barriers that I've seen that keep people locked in.

Matthias Miller  14:15
And we'll dig, we'll dig deeper into them. First of all, barrier number one, people love to put other people in boxes. And I think if there's anything that gives assessments, kind of, kind of bad raps, it's, it's this that people will say, Oh, you're Enneagram, one or seven or four or or whatever. And, and this is, this is a helpful generalization, but you also have to understand that people have intricacies that don't fit any of those personality profiles we are all so if you simply look at the number of of helpful personality profiles, and you look at all the possible combinations so, so if you if you take one profile and look at all the possible combinations you can have within that profile. Profile. Then you take a separate profile that measures a different thing, and you multiply those combinations. And then you take yet another profile that measures another thing, and you have all of those combinations. And then you add to that ways that people have been shaped through experience, through other just other things in life, other other kind of unique things that I mean simply interest. Most profiles Don't, don't cash your interest, or don't capture the type of people that you that you enjoy hanging out with, and and you rapidly see the exploding. Just from a math standpoint, you rapidly see the exploding the number of intricacies in that. And so so some people will say, Oh, you are like, you're a C on the on the disc, and you're and so therefore you should like to do fill in the blank. Therefore this is going to be a good fit for you. And while that can be a helpful starting point, we can also end up, end up labeling people and keeping people locked in that as well. The other thing that happens is that there are certain traits associated with different personalities. So So say that you're say that you're a high C on the disc, which means lower energy, task oriented, attention to detail. Those types of things, I've heard people label those types of people. When somebody like that raises a concern, then they become labeled as somebody who is just, just risk averse and cautious, and their input gets discarded. And when, when we do that once again, then that's that's a way that we outside end up imposing labels upon other people that keep them trapped into that. If you're in that situation and you've experienced that, then suddenly you you start resisting bringing your gifting to the table, because the every time that you bring it to the table, you get labeled. And so part of the process of of removing these barriers is recognizing that, first of all, that people labeling you that that has the ability to shape and shift our hearts, and has the ability to to to to reframe our way of thinking about ourselves. And once again, you have to be able to surrender that and let go of that and process that. And it may mean creating some distance with some people, and we'll get to that as well again, and it creates these negative cycles. Barrier so, barrier number one is, is labeling. Barrier number two is that people confuse what is truly them and what is not. Here's just a simple example. A lot of people who have a lot of people confuse introversion with being an antisocial so because I'm an introvert, I'm not sure not social. I don't like being around people. Some of the most relational people that I've ever met are highly introverted, and it's absolutely a myth and and the when you don't understand this, you have to understand that there are things that are you and things that are distortions of you and and so because of the environment that I was pigeon holed into, I I developed this frame of mind that basically said, I'm I'm not a social person, because I had to become that kind of person that was the only way to really survive in that type of environment. And and it wasn't until until I pulled all of that apart and I realized that look like this is like, like the there's there's lack of skills in relating with people. There is lack of sometimes there's lack of interest in relating with people. Sometimes there's fear and anxiety of like, what if I'm not likable? What if? What if I'm not appreciated when I actually show up as myself. Those are separate issues from actually being introverted versus versus extroverted. And I think sometimes, here's another, let's see. Sometimes people who are, there are some people, how I say this, so there's some people who can always, always see what is, what could go wrong in a situation. They're risk averse, and they can see that, then there are people who develop negative attitudes about everything else that is going on. And if you excuse if you're risk averse, and you can see what's broken, and you use that as an excuse for negative attitudes, you're once again confusing the the the the core of who you are with, with how you've allowed yourself to to shape your attitude and perspective. That's not saying that everybody is going to be like, like different people, people very widely, on on the on on the emotional spectrum. Um. Yeah, but understanding that, that there's a difference between that, sometimes we take these labels and we and we use them to we use them to justify dysfunction. That's really I guess. I guess. What I'm trying to say, does, am I making sense to you guys, or is this is this helpful? Yeah, okay. You have to understand when looking at what is truly you and what's not, you have to understand that at the root of many of these things, there's there are lies and beliefs that that are feeding all this stuff. You I'm getting, getting, getting to a place of making it your when you live, sorry, sorry, here's gotta slow down. One of the fascinating things about the emotion of joy is joy overrides all over all other emotions. One of the best things that you can do for your children is is model joy to them and when, when they are in a situation, whether it's whether it's being upset, whether it's frustrated, disappointed, angry, hungry, like all of these types of situations where they're in jealous, if you can take them from that negative emotion and lead them back to Joy. That joy will override their negative emotion. And there's some really fascinating studies around this. Emotions are actually synchronized through through visual contact, and, and, and so when, when you are looking at somebody else, and that person has a has that person wants to be with you, it creates that, it activates the joy center of your brain, which deactivates these other emotions. So this is one of the powerful tools for parents to create that in their kids. When you are in a place of joy, you are completely yourself and and, and so for us, as we're looking at identifying kind of our unique superpower as we if, if we make it our heart mission, to remain in peace, to remain in joy. This, this can become the barometer of when we are being pulled, one way or the other, by by situations. So barrier number two, confusing what's what's truly you and and confused and confusing other issues, and calling it personality, instead of that. Barrier number three, and this one is, yeah, this one's huge. This one's huge. So barrier number three is that people are confused because they are double minded. And here's what I mean mean by that. I think one of the biggest barriers and people not finding their superpower is that they they adopt other people's expectations for them. So here's a simple example. If you've ever come across a book that talks about the path to success, it will talk about the path of to success. Many times, this is not true across the board, and this goes back to what I said earlier, about how to choose the people that you listen to, but many times it will say they will detail the path to success and what worked for them and and many times, that path to success is very specific. So if you ask a, if you ask a, a, a writer, about the best path to success, they will tell you that absolutely the best path to success is especially in this, in this, in this digital age that we live in, it's probably to you know, write, write, write persuasive words that you can post online and get people to to interact and engage with you. If, if you are not a verbal person following that path, but you adopt that person as a mentor,

Matthias Miller  24:04
then you will create this vision of success, which is basically, I need to become a words oriented person, so that I can be so that I can achieve what I want to achieve. And what it does is it creates. And then here's where we get this double mindedness. So here's this picture of who you're supposed to become, and here is who you actually are. And you're constantly in battle between these two because, because you can't be who you are, because who you are is not this, and you need this to be successful. So you're always, you're always in conflict, and you're always, you're always kind of fighting with with each other,

Matthias Miller  24:46
and yeah, because of that, you never end up getting the you never end up getting the kind of the forward momentum that you need. Here's another example. This is another one that I've seen a lot is people get put into a situation. Where they are that is, that is not a good fit for them, but they have such a high value for loyalty that they that they continue to remain in this place. So they have this ideal picture, that the perfect person is a loyal person, and a loyal person does whatever is expected of them, and because of that, they, they stay in situations that are actually detrimental to themselves, and they and they refuse to pull themselves out of that. There's, there's similar, similar types of loyalty, which is, which is some, some people pride themselves in being determined and and having grit and and again. This is a fantastic this is a fantastic trait to have. But when, when your picture of success is grit and determination, when that become that, when you get locked into that, then the but it, but on the flip side, it's requiring you to be somebody that that, it requires you to operate outside of your gift. Then, then it, once again, it creates this double mindedness. I should be I should be determined. I should have grit, I should be hard working. And yet I I feel like I shouldn't be doing this over here. And so there's this, this continual chatter back and forth, back and forth, back and forth. It can't decide. I can't decide. I can't decide. I can't decide because there's two, two things that you're holding to be true, and they're they're diametrically opposed, something very similar to that, is is a sense of responsibility, that I have a responsibility to this and and by doing that, by following that, that responsibility I should be doing, fill in the blank. And then, and, yeah, just another one that I've seen as well is this whole idea of being teachable. So you'll see people who take this false humility so far that they will say that they will find somebody to follow. It could be it could be a manager. It could be a boss. It could be somebody they consider to be an expert. It could be a friend that they consider to be to be wise, and in their attempt to be teachable, they will take advice that is, that is counter to what is actually true, what is actually true and important for them now, so with all of this, it's important to understand. So I'm not saying you shouldn't take advice. I'm not saying that you shouldn't be teachable, but what can happen in that case where it becomes negative is if your value for being teacher, you hold the value for being teachable, and you have people speaking into your life that do not that that do not understand and value authenticity, and don't allow you to be yourself. And so you'll end up again with this, with this double mindedness, with this, with this diametrically opposed. Thanks. Like you'll, you'll, because it's, it's important to be teachable. We have to be teachable in order to grow. And yet, at the same time, this teachable that we're using is actually keeping us locked into a situation that's that's harmful for us. So barrier number three, confusion because of double mindedness. Barrier number four, this is tied. This is all tied together. And you're probably seeing some themes emerge. But people, people being locked in. Shoulds. Anytime you see a should in your life, there is a very good chance that there is something there that you're doing that is for a reason, for a for a distorted motivation. Now I'm not saying it's always the case, and by any means, and there are things that we do that aren't easy and aren't always natural for us, and I'm not saying this that at all, but many times, yeah, it's just that we just get locked into, shoulds we get programmed with, with social with social expectations, and if societal expectations, if you've grown up or spent time around, around church, in in church and religious expectations of you know that a good fill in the blank will do this, should do this, and you end up doing All kinds of things that because you think that when we do it, when we follow through on a should we believe that we're putting some kind of gas in somebody else's tank, like we're helping them out somehow, by by, by doing these shoulds, and again, we're going to get into cycles just in just a minute. And I think that'll make make this even even more clear about. How this works, but it doesn't like, it doesn't serve them like, like it's, it really ends up being a false, a false pretense. So watch out for shoulds. Shoulds are another barrier. Barrier number five, this one is especially not, not everybody struggles with this. So full disclosure, but if, if you are the kind of person who enjoys helping other people, and you are well intentioned, then you may end up hurting yourself and hurting other people by not sticking up for yourself. There's a lot of this is one of those things that that I find is actually pretty hard to get right, because a lot of a lot of people take this and distort it, but when, when you when You don't, when you don't take charge of of you, then you're allowing somebody else to take charge of you, and nobody else, nobody else is able to. Nobody else has the information, has the knowledge, has the heart, has the desire to to to steward your life better than you. And when you surrender, when you when you do not stick up for yourself in a healthy way, you surrender stewardship of your life to somebody else, and you allow them to make, to make decisions, and and they make the decisions, and you live with the outcomes. And again, this is, this is like, I mean, this is hopelessly defeating. So all of this, so those are, those are the major barriers that I've seen. All of this is leading into the breaking of a cycle. So on one of my live videos, I talked about this whole concept, and it was basically this, I wonder what's going to happen when people go back to work. Because, so here's what I know. I know there's some people who are, there's some people who are working harder than ever right now. And if that's you, you're probably, I mean, there are people who can't make the call because they are literally serving other people right now. Like, that's, that's why there's other people who are, who are not working, but they're more stressed than ever. But then there's a third segment of people who have finally gotten a break from the day to day responsibilities. And for some people, this is like, I can't wait to get back. But for other people, it's, it's like a sabbatical that they've never had. And there's this unwinding of, like, what like? It is so nice not to have to have to have that whiny person sitting next to next to me. It is so nice not to be tensed up every single day because I'm trying to, I'm trying to talk to 100 different people when I just want to talk to one or fill in the blank, like there's this, there's this kind of detoxing that happens. So if you're leading a team and they're off you've you've just given yourself, if they're off work, you've just given, given yourself a chance for your team to detox from the current expectations and to come back in and find places on their team where they can better fit in, if, if you're in, if you're leading a team, and you don't do that, you've just given yourself the opportunity to take yourself down a few notches in their eyes, because if they hated it before, and they had a break from it, and They understood what it what it felt like to decompress, and now they come back. The pain of coming back is so much greater when you come back after that place. And I think this is one of the places where, I mean, this is one of the things we don't talk about enough. And this is actually, it's ironic, but, but, but taking time off has actually been one of the, one of the has been one of the great tools for me to help align myself with my superpower, because, because it creates that distance from the expectations and from the day to day, and when you come back, you come back with fresh perspective. It is absolutely I think it's difficult because I think a lot of people, a lot of us, have a lot of things wrapped up inside of what we do that's sometimes healthy and sometimes not. I find that it's probably one of the hardest things I can do. To be honest, my wife tells me that I love to work, which is absolutely true, but it's but it really is. It really is powerful. So here's the trap. There's a proverb that says, Man, I can't even remember the words. I was going to look up for

Matthias Miller  34:49
it. I'll pull it up right now. A man's gift makes room for him, and obviously that means women as well. A man or woman's gift will make room for him. Yeah, so let's talk about what happens when you are operating outside of your gift. So somebody tells you, tapping the shoulder, and it's like, Hey, can you come over here and do that? And you're like, I don't really like to do that, but, but you know what? I could use. I could use the money, so I'm going to go do that. And so you go do that for them, and they're like, man, that's, you know, they pay you, they're grateful, but you're not happy, and they're probably not all that happy. And then you get stuck in this thing of, like, you know what? One of the things that's really important is excellence. I believe in excellence, and I believe that I feel so bad about how I let them down, that I'm going to go out and I'm going to like, I'm going to, I'm going to work on myself until I get good at this. Or, or, yeah, or you land yourself a job. And, and let's, let's take the example of somebody who, who is, who is extremely creative and and you put them into a very like, let's say you stick them in a bookkeeper bookkeeping role, or they find a job as a bookkeeper, and, and so, so here's what happens. So they they start work, they figure out what needs to be done. They try their absolute best, but because it's not their gift, there's absolutely the doors close so there's no opportunity for them for promotion. They get frustrated with themselves. They get discouraged, and so now they're creating dissension on the team and with people around them because they're in a negative space, and the person they're working for is getting frustrated because, well, this person isn't worth anything. Like, like, I want to fire them, but I feel bad for them because I can't, I can't see what they're good at. And it creates this cycle where, where there's this kid, like, like, there's this, this cycle of, of, I don't know, I don't know what the best term is, but, but people fall out of favor with each other, and there end up like, like, I've seen entire conflicts form around this, relational conflicts where people act like they're not friends because one person has been put into a situation where they're guaranteed to fail. They're trying hard to please somebody else. The other person is trying hard to help them succeed. And and they continue going round and round and round and round. And it creates, it creates negative, negative negativity in both sides of the equation. One of the things that I find interesting about the times that we live in is that suddenly we've had this opportunity for a major upset the fruit basket, where, where people who have been locked in this cycle, if they're if they're awake and they're paying attention, have an opportunity to break out of that out of that loop, out of that spiral, out of that cycle, and find A place where they can actually find their favor. There is a centrifugal force that comes with what we do, and so if you're out of your gift, your tendency is to stay locked in that but what happens when you're in your place of gifting? When you have your gift will open doors for you. So you have a super creative person who starts a role as bookkeeper. What happens when you have a boss who looks at them and says, Look, you're not cut out to be a bookkeeper? She have this, here's a story I can tell. There was an individual working for one of my friends, and she was, she was in a specific role. She was trying hard. It wasn't working. She got called into into the boss's office, and she said when she walked in, she was she was practically shaking. She was expecting, she knew it wasn't working. And the and make what made matters worse was the first words out of her boss's mouth was, look, this clearly isn't working. And she was getting ready to pack up, pack up her boxes and leave, and he asked her, he was like, Is there any part of the business where you would like to move into? And she kind of scratched her head. She was like, well, there's this one place, and I don't really have experience, but I'm really drawn to that, and I would love to go over there and give it a try. And that's and so he said, sure, like, like, you go over there and you plug in it, you plug it over there. And now she is. She's a highly fulfilled, highly engaged, highly contributed, highly skilled individual in that space. Because he created that opportunity for her to move into her gift and to allow her gift to open doors for her. When you're in that space, when you're in your place of gifting, you show up who you are is absolutely is is so different from the people around you. There's a there's there's a magnetic quality to it, and you continue. To experience favor and promotion because of that. Like, like, this is, this is and in different spheres, different levels, different all of those things. I'm not saying that this is, like, we're gonna go on this line right now, but like, like, the idea that that your gift will lead you to be this is one of the popular messages, that your gift will lead you to be famous, and it will lead you to be reach a certain level of success or status or something like that. Listen, to be a celebrity, you need a certain kind of gift, and it is a kind of gift that opens the door for celebrity. I'm not saying you can't do it otherwise, but I'm saying that it is, it is much to your advantage when, when your gift is to that and and if you try to achieve that, apart from having that gift, you will destroy your soul in the process. And it is not true that your gift will open your door into a celebrity status. Your gift will open the door for you to be positioned in the place on the earth where you can provide maximum value. That's what the gift is for. And for some people, some people provide tremendous amounts of value and literally save, save companies 1000s, hundreds of 1000s, millions of dollars sitting in the back corner of an office crunching numbers like and that's not something that we see broadcasted on TV, or that's not something that we that we as a cultural culture tend to value or idealize. That's an example of a way that a gift can open doors.

Matthias Miller  41:38
So when you are around, we're going for this. So what? Many times we try hard to get around other people who don't value our gift, and because of that, we create conflict, and we end up trying to fix the relationship instead of instead of recognizing that they deserve to be around other people who value their gift, and we deserve to be around people who value our gift. Now I think, I think it is absolutely critical to be around other people who are different from ourselves. I'm not saying that. Don't think for a moment that we shouldn't, that we shouldn't do that. One of the stories that I absolutely love is the story of a pastor of a large church who said, he said this, look, there are some people that I have coming on my team, and I look at them and I know I need their input and their perspective on my team, but from a personal perspective, from a personal standpoint, I don't like the person, it doesn't mean they're a bad person. It doesn't mean that I'm unloving it's just we're never going to sit down for coffee and be like, you know, hey, how you doing like, like, and we're always going to be at each other. And so rather than, rather than giving them the torment of needing to work with me, I will find a team member, somebody on my team, and I will, I will who, who they will connect with, and I will sit down with with that person and say, can you take this person under your wing? We need this person on our team. They have a perspective that we need. I. I can't stand to work with them. You know, however, whatever the diplomatic or non diplomatic way is of saying this, I can't stand to work with them. But we need them, and I'm not willing to sacrifice their gift just because I can't get along with them. Can you integrate them into your part of the of the organization, and can we make sure that their voice is heard? And that's a way that we can continue creating value through the gifts and allowing the gifts to be expressed even, even when there's there's differences, and I think, I think, well, one of the one of the major mistakes that I've made is try to impose my gift on people who didn't value it when, when you're working for somebody and they can't find a space for you where you're able to thrive or shine, or you're with an organization who can't find space for you, it doesn't mean they don't like you. It means they don't have a value for your gift. Maybe it's because that gift is already in full operation. Maybe it's because they haven't recognized the need for that gift. Maybe it's because, maybe it's it's a timing issue. Maybe they're not ready for the gift. Whatever it is, it's because they don't, they don't have a value. They don't have a value for that gift. And when you try to impose your value, your gift, on somebody who doesn't have a value on it, it, it crew. It creates conflict and tension. If you've ever listened to the stories of entrepreneurs, one of the things that comes through consistently is that they're unemployable because they have a gift that isn't valued in most organizations. And it's not because their gift is bad, it's not because it's wrong, it's because it's it's because the organization already has an entrepreneur, and they don't need another entrepreneur in in the in the organization, so their gift is valued, not because it's wrong, but because it's not needed. And one of the best things, best things to happen is for them to take that gift and and to to find a place where they can express that gift and allow. Allow that to continue to develop this. This is practical, really super hyper practical for for churches, for organizations, businesses, jobs, like, like, applies and all of that stuff. Sometimes the best thing that you can do when you're in a interrelational conflict, it's good to take a look at is this conflict because of different gifts, or is this because because of other issues that are going on many times because of different gifts and sometimes creating healthy distance and finding ways to work together? Listen, I don't think we should ever I don't know that we necessarily need to make, make compensation for dysfunction. I'm not saying that at all, but people are different and and allowing people to organically self arrange can be absolutely helpful in in building that so keys to success, and what one of the keys to success and homework? And then I want to open it up a little bit for discussion here, hear you guys's thoughts. At the root of much of this is is I believe that one of the best things that you can do to get started is get around people who live authentically and let other people live authentically, because those people are the ones who are going to they're going to they're going to call out the BS of of you trying to be somebody that you're not. And they're going to see past all of your flaws and all of the all of the striving to be somebody else, and they're going to get to your heart and challenge you to not just challenge you and allow you to move closer and closer to your authentic self. And I would dare say that this is important enough that you should pay somebody money to do that if you needed to. I think, I think all of us, yeah, that's if I have to look at one thing that has probably catapulted pulled me deeper on that journey. It's been that getting around people who live authentically and helping them, helping them do that. So homework is this If, if you're in this place is, this is especially if, if you're in this place of feeling, feeling stuck in these types of situations, or you know that you want to go deeper with, with finding your superpower, I want you to make a list of some of the most authentic people that you know, and with that, to make a list of some of the people you Connect the most deeply with and and make it well, we're just going to make that the homework assignment for now. Just make a list of them for extra credit. Go ahead and reach out and and start spending more time with them. But those are people that you need to get around. And those are people who are who many, many of them are likely to hold keys to to to you getting free. Here's the second part, next. Part Two, we're gonna get more and more into that, like practical aspects of some of these things, but, but homework number two, this is, this is a homework assignment. If you want to do this, it's great. You can either do this on Facebook or you can do this through text message and and just ask people the question, what would you say that I'm really good at? Because most of us are blind, are blind to that, and what would you say that I'm really good at? And if you want, if that's too straightforward or blunt for you, one of the things you can do as well is just ask the question, or just tell them, hey, I'm going through a course, and I have a homework assignment, and I'm needing to ask 10 people who are close to me, what would you say I'm really good at, and you can take all the pressure off of yourself, put all the pressure on me, and I'll take the brunt of that. And but listen to listen to what they have to say, because many times we don't see we only see ourselves through the lens of of through our own lens. So that's what I've got. Love to hear what love to hear feedback, questions. What are thoughts from you guys? I

Speaker 1  49:23
You're the only person I can see on this call

Speaker 2  49:28
hiding, so I'll call him out. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  49:32
So I think what would be helpful for me, I don't know about other people on the call Matthias is maybe some visual aids that would help with the flow of you trying to help us uncover our superpowers. And I know that's not a question, but I. That, yeah, I was, it was difficult for me to keep the flow of moving from one thing that a lot of helpful stuff, but for the flow naturally so that I could really engage it in my life. Yeah? So that's one feedback I have bad

Matthias Miller  50:22
let me see if I can. I can put some of those, some of those visuals together, and send those out and and it would be more, it would be more helpful to have that during the during the presentation, but I think, I think just doing that and sending that out could be, could be second best.

Speaker 1  50:39
And I would also love at the beginning that we could introduce ourselves to one another, picks up a little bit of my mind space, wondering who the audience is that we're interacting with here, right? Yep, yeah, I like it. That's all feedback. Feedback. All right. So,

Matthias Miller  50:59
so frank. Why don't you? Why don't you just introduce yourself briefly and and the rest of you guys, if the rest of you guys on the on the phone, and Arlan as well, love to hear from you guys as well. So Frank, Intro from you, and a late intro, and rest of the group.

Speaker 1  51:17
I'm Frank Sinclair, and I own dream again LLC, which is a business coaching, facilitating and speaking enterprise in Colorado Springs, Colorado,

Matthias Miller  51:30
cool, awesome. Arlen Jonah, are you able to to come on with, at least with audio and introduce yourself and share any do you have any thoughts, questions, feedback, anything like that?

Unknown Speaker  51:53
Is Arlan related to you? Matthias?

Matthias Miller  51:55
Nope, no relation. Oh. All right, looks like that's a no, but we'll see. All right, the 817, number, I'm not sure who you are. What about you?

Speaker 3  52:13
Yeah, this is, this is Bradley Kimberlin, and I'm the general manager at Colorado shed company here in Penrose, Colorado, and just really enjoyed today. I agree with the visual aids that could help, especially with the different barriers kind of highlight them. A lot of things going through my mind. I'm looking forward to part two to kind of start putting this into practical action.

Speaker 2  52:45
Sounds good. Sounds good, all right, and then the 719, number are you able to hop on?

Speaker 4  52:59
Oh, I guess is that mine? My number I'm calling from, not the number I called. So, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, okay, yeah. This is Dan Burnett, and I have ideal travel and boost mobile. They're in two businesses in the same location here in Kansas City, and I had a customer and couldn't get on the call till about 120 so just but as I and I was originally going to do video, but I'll try and do it next time. So my my question, I'll add to that, is, I'm not sure if I just missed it after I got on, or if it was something you discussed earlier, Matthias. But in terms of, would it be possible to summarize in one sentence what an authentic person is?

Unknown Speaker  53:58
That's a good question.

Speaker 4  54:00
In other words, part of what I'm hearing is that something that we all bring to the table is our strengths and weaknesses, and so is ours. Does that add up to being more authentic in some other than others, or

Matthias Miller  54:24
so let me, let me give just kind of a high level recap, which you would have missed at the beginning, which is the basic premise that I have, is that there are a lot of assessments look at strengths and weaknesses, and those are really important. But at the very foundation, a lot of people have have barriers or distortions that keep them from being themselves. So I would say an authentic person, there's an authentic person is the person who is living out what they're supposed to be. With the people that they're supposed to be around. Okay, and I don't know Frank, Frank, you might even have have better thoughts on that, I think. And so with that when you, when you look at a child, a child has a natural bent to being themselves. If they are if they are imaginative, they will be imaginative. One of the sad things about the education system is that it's tailored. I feel like often it's tailored for a specific type of person. And so there are many people where their natural bent becomes distorted because of expectations that we put on them. And so an authentic person is really the person where those distortions either haven't been there or those distortions get peeled away and they go back to being the person that God really created them to be, it with their with their strengths and weaknesses and and flaws.

Unknown Speaker  56:15
And I throw one thing in was his name, James. Is

Speaker 2  56:17
that right? This is Dan. Dan.

Speaker 1  56:21
And yeah, Frank isn't clear here, and Matthias, I'm sure he won't mind, because he and I work together pretty consistently. Anyway, authenticity in one sentence like you asked for is a human being finding out what whom they are and why they are, and do that in one sentence. That's what authenticity is.

Unknown Speaker  56:52
Okay? Thank you. Is that helpful? Dan?

Matthias Miller  57:02
I It is that helpful? Dan does that?

Unknown Speaker  57:05
Yes, it sure is. Thank you. Cool.

Matthias Miller  57:09
All right, good. So here's what I'm going to do. So homework assignment I gave out next next week, whatever or not, next week, next time. Well, also I'm gonna, I'm gonna send out some notes that you guys have some things to go back over. And I will also put together a visual especially for from some of the cycles that I was talking about, because I think that's, that's a really important aspect. And next time, I'll also have to have better visuals for you guys as well. And I want to go more into the practical aspect of here are, these are kind of the different spectrums of these are the different spectrums of what you're good at. And there's also something that I want to go into as well, which I feel like a lot of strength assessments are centered around systems thinkers. And I also want to look into this from a very unique angle, from from heart thinkers. So people, people, people, because I think a lot of them kind of got left behind with some of this stuff. So that's, that's the plan. Cool. Awesome. Well, thank you guys, and good chatting and good hanging out with with you this afternoon, see you guys on Friday. Thank you. Yep, you bet. Thank you. You're welcome. Goodbye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai