Matthias Miller  00:01
So awesome. Welcome. Welcome to everybody here, and they see that we have people coming on, so we will let them continue to join as we go along here. But I wanted to first of all apologies for the Reschedule, and I think people who were not able to join because of because of the rescheduling. So we're going to go ahead and just go through this, through this anyway, and they will get access to the recording. But part two, so part one of unlocking your superpower, we were focused on kind of internal blocks that keep people from embracing, from really finding, finding their way. And this in part two, we're really looking at ways to make it supremely practical. And one of the things that's assessments are absolutely powerful tools to to use in in this. And one of the reasons, and basically, here's here's here's how it works, assessments give you language around significant and meaningful traits. In other words, there are some people who are. It gives you spectrums of identifying how people are, how they operate, and things that are important to them, and they allow you to compare and contrast people. So for for example, with every assessment, most assessments assess people on a on different on different spectrums, different angles, kind of different, different types of things. We're going to get more into, into into those specifics, but just building a concept or context of of those types of things, of what are, what do you measure in an assessment, is really powerful to a tool understanding yourself and other people. And I think this is, this is one of the primary tools that I use when interacting with people. It because it allows me to tell in just a few short questions or in a short conversation what they really should be focusing focusing on. Let me There we go. All right, so we're going to go through a couple of assessments. One is, one that's very popular is the DISC assessment. And there's a lot of nuances to this that we are not going to go into. And there's a lot of people who can give you a lot more in depth training on this, but going back to the Compare and contrast, basically it works on two different spectrums. One is higher energy people and lower energy people, and task oriented people versus people oriented people and and so. So extroversion and introversion are kind of, kind of exemplify, to some degree that the high, high energy and low energy, these are all, these are all different. I mean, you're not necessarily in in a specific point in it, in a given like you're not necessarily exclusively high energy or low energy, you may fall somewhere in between. You may not be exclusively task oriented or people oriented. You may fall somewhere in between. So for for, just as an example, people with high energy task oriented, usually looking to achieve high interest in achievement. High energy people oriented, kind of your, your typical, what kind of a stereotypical sales individual. Low Energy people oriented, value for loyalty and and relationship and connection. Task oriented. Low Energy are tend to be kind of your, your accountant. Type of people. There's a link there multiplier. Dot link slash disk if you want to, if you if you want to think, like to dig in deeper. But it's really important, especially with the DISC profile, that when you do that, you have to answer the questions with a specific context in mind, because of the nature of the assessment, you you show up differently at work than you do in other contexts. And if you, if you don't, if you don't handle that, or if you don't account for that, and you don't, don't specifically keep that in mind when you're answering the assessment, you'll get confusing results. Another assessment, just as an example. And basically, what I want to do is go, go through these assessments. These are all assessments that you can use, that that are very helpful, but I want to start giving you language and contact context for kind of what are the things? How are our ways to describe how people are different? The Colby assessment is, is an assessment that measures how people take action. It is different from the disc in that it's not necessarily a personality assessment, but basically, at the point that you've decided to do something, the question is, how do you tend to approach it? And these are my own words that I've put to this because I wanted to use use this for explanation. And they kind of have their own their own words. And. Um, but one, one aspect is, how do you deal with information? Do you summarize information or gather information? And again, this is something that's very helpful in knowing when to work with people, or when you're working with people. There's some people that will that, that they will immediately want to know all the facts and all the information, and there's other people where they just want you to cut to the chase. It's actually has some overlap with the disc, where it's kind of the difference between high D's and high C's. They share some of those similar characteristics, but knowing that about you or about other people is super helpful. Another one is organization. Do they do they tend to be non linear or unstructured, or linear and structured. There's some people who are who, you know, towards the middle, they will adapt to a structure that's in place. At the at this end of it, they will actually create structures. And at this end, they will most likely, actually resist structures that are created. And again, there's a lot of conflict that happens within organizations, because you've got people who are in roles that that require them to fit into a structure and and they don't naturally fit into that. And again, it's important to remember here as well that these are, these are, it's not like you're at one end or the other. You can be at any part of the range. There's, there's the aspect of risk, which is, which can also be a kind of a past versus future, kind of, kind of orientation. So on one end, you have people who have a high drive and need for stability, and they will, they will when they're in a situation, when they decide to do something, they will do that by establishing certainty and creating stability. And there are others who, when they do something, they will, they will do it by by taking, taking risks, or experimenting or or embracing uncertainty. And so, so the kind of the risk approach is another aspect that the Colby measures. Another important distinction is abstraction, so many times well. So just going deeper into this, abstraction is about, is about, do you think in? Do you think abstractly, or do you think with tangibles? So if somebody wants you to explain something, are you going to go get a? I mean, here may be a simple example. You do a you're teaching a science class. Are you going to get the are you going to get the beakers and the chemicals and make everything explode and give kind of a hands on physical like demonstration, or are you going to draw diagrams on the chalkboard? The types of another example in the software space is there's a big difference between people who develop software and work on hardware. In other words, do you like to build? Do you like to write lines of code that instruct things, instruct you, instruct the computer to do things, or do you like to have a screwdriver and a soldering iron and whatever else you may choose to have and actually deal with the physical aspect of what makes up a computer? Do you prefer to? Do you prefer to, generate, you know, engineering prints or fill in the blank, or, do you actually prefer to be putting physical pieces together and and those, all those things tie together. One of the important things about the Colby is that it, it's it talks about what you do naturally in what you have the energy for. And so all of us have a finite amount of energy. And if you focus your energy first on, if you have a for example, if you're right here, you tend to be on the physical, intangible side. And actually, I'm going to inverse this for me, because this is easier for me to explain about myself, and you can hopefully apply it. Hopefully apply it to yourself. I tend to be way over here on this side, and so I have a capacity to fix broken hardware, to build things. And even to some degree, I enjoy that, because it can be a break from this. And yet, if I had, if I spent 90% of my time in this space down here, I would definitely have limited energy and would start experiencing burnout. And so understanding what you have energy for, everybody initiates action in one specific way. For example, some people initiate based on information gathering. And so when you put them into an environment where they're required to do a job or do a task that requires them to to summarize the information and work on a limited amount of information, it creates stress for them. Some people are natural organizers. This is a kind of. Great trait of of

Matthias Miller  10:03
event managers, just as an example. But if you have somebody who who steps into a situation and immediately organizes them, and you force them to live in a place that is consistently unstructured and chaotic, you'll create it creates stress. And so understanding, again, kind of understanding these different contrasts can be really helpful in understanding yourself. And it's not just for understanding. You can use this to understand what makes you tick, and obviously there's assessments that that help you understand what is uniquely you. Then you can also help. It also helps you understand, especially the more more attention that you pay to this, it helps. It helps. It can help you understand other people who are, who operate differently, differently from from you as well. It can create that, that kind of, that ability to relate with other people. The other thing that it can help you do, though, is when you have a task, you can use this to measure yourself against that task. If somebody says, I want you to go research these specific regulatory requirements. I can tell you right, right from the get go, that there's about, there's there's about three of these personality profiles that you would do well to not assign that task. And there's specifically one that would probably do better than everybody else, in the same way somebody who has a who initiates action by by information gathering and has a risk aversion is definitely going to be your best bet. If you are a high risk, visionary, entrepreneurial personality type and and you have a lot for risk and uncertainty, and don't like to gather information, and you go headlong by yourself into a highly regulatory compliance based in this industry, you're very likely going to have some people knocking on the door that you would rather not have knock on your door. And so just having this as a context for matching yourself up to to opportunities and to tasks is a really helpful tool. This is another one that I've used, cliftonstrengths from gallup.com this is, this is unusual in that it doesn't actually contrast different people. I found it. I actually found this be perfectly honest. I found this assessment really confusing until I sat down and worked, worked through it with a consultant, and that really helped bring some clarity to it. But essentially, there's four domains that that it looks at strategic thinking, influencing how you influence others, relationship, building how you relate with other people, and executing how you get things done and and within that each each one of them has, has eight or nine different themes that are strengths within that. And it basically explains to you, you know, what are the things that you uniquely do best? And gives you opportunity to start looking, looking at ways that you can do that. And most times these are these can be applied to many different contexts. It's kind of like a It's kind of like when you know how to drive a car, you can there's a lot of other similar types of vehicles you can drive. It's probably not even the best, the best option. If, if you have the ability to to read people actually, let's actually simplify it one step further. If, if if, if you have the ability to read, then you can apply that in a lot of different contexts. You can read about different types of, yeah, you can read about, you can read about, I don't know science. You can read about biology. You can read about all those different types of things. So it's a skill that's transferable, and in the same way, many of these strengths can be applied to kind of different ways of solving problems. Bradley, I don't know if you'd be interested in I'd love to hear kind of what happened for you. What were some of the insights that you got from taking

Unknown Speaker  14:03
the living beyond my

Matthias Miller  14:07
site on, yeah, can you hear me? Yep, I can hear

Speaker 1  14:15
you. All right. So when i The two things that was the most helpful for me was number one on the cliftonstrengths, just seeing the top five, and that came in, but then also seeing the bottom three, I think it was three or four, and just kind of recognizing that the more time I spend on tasks in my top five, the more energized I felt, The more I got done and so on, and the less time I spent in my bottom three, five, whatever was, the better my days went. So I can feel myself getting poured into a bottom three task. I can say, whoa, stop. Hold on. Here's where it's not working for me. So often it seems like we're told, you know, work on your. Strengths or focus on your weaknesses get them better. But I found their cliftonstrengths, like spending time on my strengths, was actually more valuable.

Matthias Miller  15:12
Yeah, that's right, and there's that's, that's so good. And I think it's also interesting to know that as you spend time on your if you look at your top five, if there's a way that you can harness, you know, two or three of those at the same time, you start showing up in a completely different way, and you can do things that are almost impossible for most people to do. To be fair, another assessment that I've actually done, I've done, I've done absolutely a ton of them. And I'm just throwing this out as as kind of another example, has four quadrants somewhat similar to this. I know it's different. I can't articulate the differences well enough to be able to give it justice. But one of the things that's interesting about it is that it measures stress versus normal patterns. I think one of the things that's interesting is that when, when some people get into stress. So So, so sometimes our stress behavior is actually a counterproductive behavior. So, so there are people who who thrive on, on being around other people, but when they, when they get stressed, they naturally withdraw, which adds to the stress, which keeps them withdrawn, and it kind of becomes a cyclic, this cyclical pattern of behavior, if you understand that, when I get stressed, these are the things that that I want to do, but are actually counterproductive. It gives you an opportunity to kind of reset that, and kind of get out of that. And so that was a very interesting kind of perspective from the from the Berkman. There's lots of other dimensions. And I think just learning to start, just learning to think about this in this way, words versus pictures. You know, one of, one of Frank's feedback from, from the first one was it would be really helpful to be able to visually see what's going on. And I think, I think I mean this, this slide is kind of a response to that there's numbers versus feelings. I've had very interesting conversations with accountants about self awareness, and one of one, one person in particular, observed that accountants tend not to be this, this is sweeping statement, but tend not to be self aware and tend to be be very analytical. Then you have other people on the other side who who, as a whole, do not tend to be very numbers or analytics driven, but are very highly emotionally intelligent and emotionally aware and and there's definitely people who are who are in both camps, but just understanding kind of those, those two things that are in contrast with each other. There are people who are very good at leading the work, they're very bad at doing the work. And you can actually probably even even break this down further. There's some people who are very good at leading the work, there's some people who are good at managing the work, and there's some people who are good at doing the work and understanding that in context of of people and kind of where they thrive, just and and definitely, there's, there's more. You know, the famous introversion, extroversion one is kind of centered around where you get your energy. Do get energy by being yourself or by being around other people and those types of things, but, but when you start learning that, you know, these are, these are different traits that set different people apart, then you can start watching for those different kinds of kinds of traits. You know, another example is actually achievement versus impact, or kind of social social good. Some people are more motivated for achievement or recognition, and other people are just more motivated at doing, doing good for who they can think. It's helpful to know that that almost every assessment follows similar patterns or similar ways that you can think about these patterns are reusable and transferable and and again, if you learn to think this way, it could be a really helpful tool and learning to relate to other people. So, components of a superpower? What does a superpower? What are the components of it? And, and I'm going to make the argument that there's three components to it. One is, one is the the effective, which is kind of the emotional side. There's a conative, which is the willpower side, and there's the cognitive, which is the mental side. And we're going to dig in a little bit deeper into that on the affective side. This deals with emotion and personality. And I think one of the things that's interesting about this the that most assessments, I think, hold some level of appeal to, to people who enjoy kind of systems and structures and ways of thinking about, you know, think thinking kind of in a structured way about, about people you. So one of the things that I don't find most of these assessments spending much time talking about is this whole question of of what are the people that you like, and I think, and we'll get to this a little bit later. I forget exactly where I had this in the slide deck, but we'll get to this a little bit later. But one of the questions you can ask is the question, Who are the people that I like, that I like to be around, that I like to if you're in business that I like to do business with, if, if you are, you know, if you're employed that I like to work with, and and everybody has different answers. Some people are going to say I'd like to be around like, there's, there's these certain types of people who are who are very caring and nurturing, and I'd love to be around them. There's certain people who are very competitive and love to get things done. I love, love to be around them. And one of the things of kind of finding your superpower can be centered around, who are those people that you naturally kind of connect with in it and identify with? What are things that you like to do? And you're gonna find a lot of these hints in in the assessments, if you're looking for on a very practical level. And again, we'll get to this but, but listing out those things that you like to do, or, by the way, here's, here's a, here's a, here's a bonus for all of these, there's a flip side to all of them. And in fact, if you wanted to go down this list, you could make a list of the who are the people you you like, who are the people that you tolerate and who are the people that you dislike or don't get along with? And we all, we all have different different sets of people in those lists, but, but again, if you tend to be much more relationally driven and much more people oriented, I think those are often questions that get overlooked in in kind of the superpower discussion, things you like to do, tolerate doing hate to do, things that you like to like to learn, tolerate learning hate to learn, and the problems you like to solve and that you tolerate solving and hate to solve. And all of those can be, can be very insightful questions. And of course, there's, there's assessments that kind of the effective assessments centered around like the disc, the Myers, Briggs, the Berkman, cognitive is a question of will. So when you when you do something, or you decide to do something, how will you approach it? Affective has a lot more to do with with kind of motivation as well. It's kind of the emotional side of of what drives people to action. And the the conative is kind of like, okay, so I've got this, this thing that I want to do. How am I going to do this? And and again? The slides earlier will give you a lot of insight to that. The cool B assessment will help you, help you with that as well understanding, understanding this can also help you understand kind of what problems you you solve best. Cognitive so I think, I think this is, this is also something that is important, but I think it also can follow some of these other, these other things that we've been talking about. Cognitive is simply, what are the things that you know and the things that you've studied? And I think if the more that you allow yourself to freely pursue the things that are most important to you, the more that you will find yourself following paths. That you'll find yourself following certain paths. So on your book bookshelf right now, there are certain books that are on that on that bookshelf, and not just, not just one or two books, most likely there's like six to 10 books, if you like to read, there are six to 10 books sitting on your bookshelf that that almost none of your peers would even consider buying a reading and it may be way more than that. It could be, you know, 20, 3050, or or if you look at your entire collection, there's a segment of them that are disproportionately higher focused on a specific topic. So that's something that that, in terms of, in terms of a superpower, this ties back into the effective side, which is, like, where do what do I like to learn? This goes, goes down to so now that I've actually done that, what are the things that I've that I actually know this can also be, I think it's also fair to recognize, and I think this is something, again, something that gets overlooked a lot is that we tend to look on the on the mental side of the cognitive side, strictly from the lens of more formal education. So what are books that I've read, what are courses that I've taken, what are, what are degrees that I have, or all of this, like those types of things. But cognitive can also be experiences, experiences, experiences that I've had. So certainly, in every experience that we have, there's there's things that we learn, and I think many times we become unaware of the things that we've learned there. But that's another way, kind of a cognitive dimension. And so. Learning. So looking at all of these things are, are, are kind of, this is like the there's

Matthias Miller  25:06
kind of like, this two part process. One is one is like, one is like, expanding your definition of superpower and looking at all of these different pieces of what is uniquely you. But then the second part of it is also the kind of the contracting of it, and like pulling all these pieces together and honing it into something specific. So just a couple of practical tools on on this thing, all of these things that there is, again, in my experience, there is a lot of discussion centered around these assessments. And, and what you know, I don't know, it's always intriguing. It's not, it's not intriguing for everybody, but for a segment of the population, it is highly intriguing to look at these assessments in hopes of gaining additional insight. And and one of the places where they fall short is, is the the practical side by definition, these, these assessments, are so focused on one specific, well, they're not not focused on a specific, you know, type of person or specific role. And because of that, they're not always super practical. So how, what are ways that you can make it super practical. Practical. The last homework assignment was centered around, it was centered, centered around asking people, What am I good at? And just a very simple way of approaching this is getting that feedback, putting them in into a document, maybe printing it out, taking a pen, going through and looking for patterns within that. What are things that at least, at a very minimum, two people have said about me, maybe three, and then start creating categories. And for each category, just tally up which categories you get the most, the most feedback on and and most likely, there's, there's a handful of things that emerge that that people, that people express and and you can, you can use that. I mean, there's, there's a couple of ways that this is really useful. One of them is that you get to hear it from other people's mouth, like this is, this is how they experience you, and if you want to explain to people similar to them, what what you what you can offer. So if you're a man, I can't remember if we talked about this in the first training, but I think, I think one of the things that's that can be really helpful in all this is helping other people learn how to relate with you. And I think, I think there are ways that we can help. It's just that setting expectations for for relationships so so somebody is when somebody comes to you with a question or with a request, saying, let's just, let's just dive in. Let's take a couple of examples, because I think this is a good, a good aspect to go down. Let's say somebody, somebody asks you for help, and they want you to be able to they're asking for your help to look at. I uh, issues of compliance, for example, they're like, hey, you've got experience in this field, and I think I would like to have your help on this and and instead, your personality is much more along these lines. Or maybe it's, it's, maybe you're, you're on the eyesight, and so you can frame that conversation around a, around that by setting expectations of what you what you will get from that, like, look, I can help you with that, but here's, here's what you're going to get out of me. You're not going to get the fine tooth comb detail that you need from from me on this, but I can, I can work with other people, and I can help in bring urgency to the project, to make sure that it keeps moving forward. Is that? Is that what you'd like me to do and and by stopping to stopping, promising to do things, or agreeing to do things that you're not you're not good at, and you won't naturally do, and promising to do things, the things that you would probably do anyway can can be a tremendous boost. Again, the abstract mental and jumping, jumping, or the abstract versus tangible thing and jumping back to a prior example, if somebody comes, comes to to me, just for example, and is like, Hey, I have a problem with my with my laptop. Can you fix it? It's like, well, yes, as long as this is a primarily a software problem and does not require high levels. Of digging in to find out exactly what is going on. If you want me to change, change, replace the hard drive or change ram in the computer, then you should be doing you know, I'm not the person for you, and you can help set expectations for that. So that's one of the, one of the fantastic ways to do the homework assignment. And another practical tool is just the day to day to day journal and keeping a notepad beside you and be like, Okay, so, so in in this conversation, or in this task or in this role, is this, is this something that I am what is it that I'm bringing to the table here? Is this something that I'm good at, or is this something that I something that I'm not good at, and just learning to keep an eye out for those tasks? I think this is, this is especially important when when you're in a and in an environment where you don't necessarily have as much leeway for what you can and can't do you can, you can still start on this level and start making adjustments to it, doing a Q and A journaling, probably not, maybe not the best term for this, but basically just going through and reviewing all the prior questions and and asking those questions and journaling and making lists of those types of questions, I think is, is absolutely helpful. Look for places where you have been celebrated, and look for work places where you have consistently experienced success. Experienced success. Success always leaves, leaves cute clues and following to do you know find, finding ways to capitalize on those and follow through with that is absolutely, absolutely helpful. This is something I touched on earlier, but, but for this is especially for heart centered and people focused people I think that if you're heart centered people focused, I think you should start with the type of people that you are most drawn to or enjoy the most, and that you should work out your superpower from that, I think. And if, if you tend to be achievement oriented and task focus, I think you should start with the type of work you're drawn to or enjoy the most. And just knowing the starting point, I've heard very few people talk a lot of the discussion that I've seen, and granted, I have not seen everything, but, but a lot of the work that I've seen centers around kind of, kind of task oriented, types of work, types of things, and very few talk in talk about the very specific people that that you should be, should be working with, what are. And again, this goes back previously, to the list that we were talking about. But what are the people that you like? What are the people that you tolerate, and what are the people that you don't like and understanding, kind of those segments and then looking for emerging patterns, because, because, most times there are emerging patterns in in those groups of people that you like to work with the most, and you can always start with that, and then you can dig into the other side, other side later. So a couple of practical tools for different different types of people. If you are a coach or consultant, I think one of the your end product absolutely must be solving a specific problem for a specific person. And these are your How comes down to your superpower really becomes, is about the how that you do that. But you have to point all of these become abstract ideas until you can actually apply them into real life situations. And I think that's where, again, this is where a lot of the a lot of the assessments break down. Is how do I take these things, and, and, and and build a bridge to to a specific to a specific situation. So when you're looking at the specific person that you can help, the more, the more narrow your focus you can have for that specific purpose person, the higher the likelihood of your success. And these can be things such as geography, gender, age, industry, size, of business, other interests, like, like, there's this, there's, there's a why it can, it can go beyond that. Like, sometimes there's, there's this kind of, this odd trend about the people that you work with, that that, yeah, yeah, that that's, that's a distinguishing characteristic. I mean, maybe, maybe it really is. Well, yeah, we don't really have time to go too deeply into that. But knowing that allows you, knowing that person then allows you to understand what specific problem that that you solve for them, and you have to be able to solve a problem that they recognize. It's not enough to I, again, one of the problems with with with the whole concept of finding your superpower, is that a lot of people, for a lot of people, I've actually had a had a conversation with somebody. You earlier about this very thing is that is, is that

Matthias Miller  35:06
for a lot of people, finding their superpower is is driven towards some kind of personal advantage, whether it's increased fulfillment or increased productivity or increased effectiveness, maybe it's, it's the chance for a promotion, or whatever it is. And you know, in terms of coaching and consulting, there's definitely, there's definitely, there's definitely compensation and effectiveness that gets tied to this again, unless you actually can tie this back to a problem that you solve for a specific purpose, purpose or for a specific person, the it'll just continue being kind of in the ether. The more, the bigger the pain that it has for them, the better, the better it is. I mean, the greater to your advantage. Alright. So a couple of other, two other, two other angles that I want to look at, because this is, we have a variety of people who signed up for this are going through the recordings, practical tools for employees. If you're if you're an employee, then your approach to this is going to look very different. I think one of the absolute fantastic things that you can do is as you evaluate job opportunities or careers. But even even careers may be too broad, but as you look at job opportunities, you can start to evaluate. You can evaluate job opportunities based on what does this How does this serve me best? So if you have a high value for let's, let's go back, just using the disc again as an assessment, as an example. Well, this slash Colby. So if, if you're abstract with an attention to detail, you you may do well. If you're on the numbers side, you may do well in kind of the accounting on, you know, the accounting side of things, if you are a a, words, type of person, I mean, this is, this is where, just as an example, proofreading or even some forms of of copywriting are fantastic for this because, because it's, it's, it requires that kind of attention to detail. If you are a if, if you're an S on here, let me see if there's a way I can disable that. I don't know if you guys are getting that dinging sound or not, but get that. Not sure if I can get that sounds very easily or not, but

Matthias Miller  37:36
so so it there, there you're most likely to succeed in some kind of a support role. It's something that that is or customer support can be a fantastic way, fantastic places that that you might that you might consider that, or there's other types of things I think SS often find themselves in, in kind of people helping, types of, even kind of maybe counseling or therapy or mental health types of types of environments. Again, it varies. There's a lot of different opportunities, different ways that you can plug in different places. But just knowing that the ideal person in this type of a role, I know I'm going to need to interact with a lot of people, or I know I need to pay attention to detail, or I know I need to build things physically, or I know I need to be able to visualize things in my head, or I know I need to and just understanding that and evaluating the role that you're considering in light of that can be a tremendous boost in knowing how well you're going to do in that role and how much you're going to Enjoy it. Does this require me to relate to people, lots of people, a few people? Does it require me to pay attention to detail? Does it require me to multitask? And then there's also the things of liking like. Does this? Will this put me around people that I like? Will this get me to learn about things that I like and and many times, there are ways that you can make comments. Compromises, that that are acceptable compromises. So So, for example, if you know that there's a path to to a role that's better suited for you, but you can start out in a actually, I'm not even sure if I like this advice. So so sometimes it may make sense to make compromises where there's certain things that you want to learn about that you're willing about that you're willing to to be in a role that's not the best fit for you, so that you can, you can move to where, where's the best place for you. And there's actually interesting, interesting study on this in just a second.

Matthias Miller  39:42
I One of the things that I believe it was Kathy Colby who observed about medicine, medical school and surgeons, is that is that medical school is designed for people who are abstract thinkers. Those, those are the people who. Do the best of the actual schooling side of things. But when it actually comes into the labs and actually doing a surgery, you want somebody who's highly, highly, highly tactile, highly physical, like non abstract, and those are the people who, who do, who do the best in that kind of environment. And if you you recall the story of Ben Carson, who's, like this renowned brain surgeon, and yet absolutely struggled in school. And his, you know, his, I just remember the story of his mom incentivizing him, him to read, to kind of counteract that. And I can't tell you for sure that that was actually, you know the full of his experience, but, but it's easily easy to imagine that and identify that, where and kind of what happens, unfortunately, is that people go through the through an education process to get an end result, and they don't recognize that, that the education process is a process that they enjoy, but the actual work that they do is not something that they do enjoy. And so many times there's a disconnect between between that. And so if there's any kind of way be, if you know you need education, then by all means, do education. But if there's any way that you can pursue an apprenticeship for that, for whatever you're going to do, where you can actually experience what it's like doing that. This is, this is absolutely a huge, a huge boost, because it kind of, it breaks you out of that. It protects you from that. Some of those misfits, practical tools for leaders. There's, there's a couple ways that you can, you can utilize this. I think one of the ways is definitely to use this with your team. It's an understanding. And again, whether you do this formally through assessments, or whether you have an understanding of how to work with your team, doing these exercises can help you understand where to lean for support. There are some, some people who are naturally excellent managers and and if you have the the eye for that, the eye for the traits of a good manager, which, which oftentimes comes down to to being able to relate with people, being able to to understand and negotiate priorities and and typically, I think Many times, kind of a mid level of risk tolerance, which which allows them to relate to to higher risk taking people as well as lower risk taking people. That's just as an example. So you can identify people who don't necessarily have the skills that they need on paper. But if you take somebody who has the natural inclination to do a job, and you put them into the position, and you give them some additional training. Again, this does not apply to brain surgery, because there you actually do need some a good bit of cognitive skills in order to do that. You need there's things that you need to know, but in many situations, you can take somebody who has the right Mo and you can put them into a role, and they'll start succeeding in that role just because they're hardwired to do that. And so knowing this with your team can help you understand where you can you can get support for that stuff. Also, I think it's very important to understand that you you, it's up to you to lead, but it does not mean that you have to do every task of leadership. And I think one simple example is is leading out in meetings. I think many times meetings, meetings are best run with a clearly defined agenda, and somebody who's willing to drive that that agenda and and that person may be you, or it may not necessarily be you. And so I think it's important to to understand that, to understand that while it's your responsibility to lead, there's a lot of leeway that you have as a leader to find, to find places where you can hand off, kind of those, those types of, those types of things. So that was, so that's, that's the that's the plan of action in terms of actually making it kind of making it practical, a lot of information, and probably a lot the process. And again, because of because of rescheduling, we weren't able to get as many people onto the call, but I wanted to take the time to answer any kind of questions, and also dig into any kind of questions, more practical questions of, how do you practically apply This? If, if any of that would be helpful. I

Speaker 1  44:47
I'm sorry I had to cut audio for a second. Are you open up for questions?

Matthias Miller  44:50
Opening up for questions, questions on any of the content or practical application.

Speaker 1  44:57
So one question that I had a few slides. It's back. You had just different comparisons, and one of them was leading versus doing. Some people might be better at leading and others might be better at doing. And I just, I mean, just kind of a personal perspective on that, it would seem like there'd be more negative connotation around somebody that stood at leading versus somebody that's willing to do or get it and get their hands dirty. You might say, I just wonder if you had any input or feedback on why that is and how to counteract that you

Matthias Miller  45:42
most people who naturally, well, I think there's a lot of people who would be naturally good leaders, who get put into the employment system and and are forced to start at the bottom and so because of that, they, they are, they aren't considered to be highly employable, and kind of end up developing a negative reputation because of that. I think, I think that can be one reason because, one reason why I think, I think sometimes people who are on the leading side of doing are also perceived to be lazy. And I don't know. I mean, yeah, I don't know that. I have a brilliant answer, and how to, how do you kind of flip that around, so that, so that to help change people's perspective. I think, I think one of the helpful things can be just understanding, yeah, I don't know that's a really good question. I'll probably have to sit on that just a little bit as well. Okay, Dan, just for your context, we just kind of went through more of the practical side of things, and I'll send over the recording. But if you have any kind of questions from part one, or, you know, or even kind of practical application aspects, happy to answer those.

Speaker 1  47:22
Okay. Yeah, not so far. Okay.

Matthias Miller  47:29
There is a Bradley, you would, you would probably find this interesting. There is a, here's another Quadrant for you. If there's a way that I can easily let me see if I can do a pointer. So you have a nope, let me just do. Let me do this. So if you add a we're going to grab this one right here. We're going to throw it in here. Leading versus doing. So you have the the lazy, the hard working, and you have the this is probably not, this is not this is not politically correct, but you have the stupid and the intelligent and and you can actually use this as a matrix for understanding who, Who would do well in what kind of role so so somebody who is is lazy and unintelligent probably isn't going to do a whole lot of harm. Somebody who is hard working and not working intelligently will will often get you into a good deal of trouble. And people who are, who are intelligent and hardworking, for sure, are great people to actually do the work and and by the way, this is not original with me. I'm stealing this from from somebody else, but, but people who are lazy and intelligent. Are often the people who are are best at best at leading the work and and again, I think, I think jumping back a little bit, this just ties in kind of with the with the with the perceptions that we have that somebody who that that boots on the ground kind of kind of action, or the places that provide the highest value in reality, there is a lot of value to be gained from lazy intelligence. Lazy intelligence leads to questions such as. And what are ways that we can, what are ways that we can do this? We can get similar results or better results with less effort. You know? What are ways that that we can do? Yeah, I mean, it's, it's those types of questions that come from lazy intelligence or or, what are ways that we can, we can move people into positions where they naturally do the things that they should be doing. Anyway, if you have somebody to it's, it's very rare to have thought and action be simultaneous events. Most times if, if you want to be thinking about something, you should not be doing it. And if you want to be doing something, you should not be thinking about it like those things are kind of kind of counter, counterproductive, so. So again, I think a lot of the kind of the bad rap that comes with with, again, for lack of a better term, just the lazy intelligence, is that sometimes those things aren't grounded in in reality, so there's no actual reality check. But I also think sometimes when those people are lone rangers and don't actually, don't actually have people who are doing the work to counterbalance that, it really becomes unproductive as well. So

Unknown Speaker  51:29
that's helpful. Thank you. Yep, there

Matthias Miller  51:36
was one other question that I came in, and I might actually follow up with this person personally to follow up with that, but there was a question about about risk averseness and fear and and how to know the difference. Or it wasn't just fear, but but kind of negative negativity, and how to know the difference. I think it'll be interesting to have that conversation with that person. But I want to, I want to address the question at least briefly, in case it's, it's of interest to other people. I think, I think there are definitely people who who tend to be blind to where things will go sideways. There are definitely people who are, who are wide, have a wide eyed understanding of where things can go sideways.

Matthias Miller  52:26
There's a difference between that. I think, I think many, even many highly risk tolerant individuals, when they are in a place of maturity, understand the importance of taking calculated risk, and so for them to mitigate risk is is a valid concern, and I think that's where there really can be a very powerful synergy between the people who see what can possibly go wrong And the people who have a high risk tolerance, because, because the Yeah, because one kind, once I can see the upside, once I can see the downside, and and they together, can kind of work through the differences of that. I think something else that's important to consider is that there are which we talked about in part one. But there are matters of the heart that are at play with this as well. And I think when, when you see things that goes that can go sideways, if, if the if the response mechanism to that is primarily fear driven or worry driven, or anxiety driven. That's a that's a distortion of the gift that you have. I think, I think there is definitely a place to to to see and recognize things that can go sideways, but but to operate and use that gift in a way that's not, that's that's not fear and anxiety driven. I think, I think one of the simple ways of helping to address that as well is

Matthias Miller  54:18
there are, there are, there are things that there are things that you can control and things that you can't control, and and it's really debilitating to to be to recognize things that could go sideways when there's things when, when you have absolutely no ability to control that. And I think, a practical measure for for people who want to stabilize and want to manage risk is, I think it's important for them to be able to to understand how to apply that practically like, what are the what are things that we can change in this environment, that can you. Yeah, that can stabilize the situation for me, if you're looking from the outside in into a project, and you don't have your voice isn't isn't valued, and you see things that can go wrong. So you may have personal stake in in the outcome, but you but your voice isn't valued thing. That's one of those examples where the ability to see what can go wrong can be really frustrating. And to be honest, I think sometimes there is the sometimes you just have to make that call between I'm going to do my best to make my voice heard, or I'm going to recognize that this isn't a responsibility, and I need to take care of myself, and I need to put myself into situations where I can, in a healthy way, influence the outcomes. And I think sometimes it may mean pulling back from situations for that. So anyway, just wanted to kind of address that. So we are getting close to an hour, happy to have, happy to take any more questions, but if not, we will call it a wrap.

Matthias Miller  56:17
Cool. Sounds good. I will. I'll be setting up this recording in a bit, and if you are one of those people who are looking at this from who are looking at the replay, then feel free to reply to this by email and include any kind of questions that you have, and happy to do what I can to answer those questions. Thank you guys, thank you. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai