Matthias Miller  00:03
All right?

Speaker 1  00:14
I right, and looks like we have Travis with us as well. Morning, Travis All

Speaker 1  00:39
right. Well, Alvin, you've met Matthias before on the panel design for phase one and Travis, assuming Alvin has filled you in with least some of the details of of what we're doing here, sure. So Matthias, I think we go ahead and hand it off to you, unless Alder Travis has anything to say before we're asked before we get started.

Unknown Speaker  01:11
I think I'm good too. Sounds

Matthias Miller  01:17
good. So we'll dive in. In that case, good morning to you guys and I, we're talking about the weather momentarily. So fun little story heard from from our kids that there were two prayer requests at school yesterday. One was that we got a little bit of snow. It mostly melted yesterday. There's a little ice hanging around. But there were two prayer requests at school. Number one was pray that the snow melt today, and the other one was pray that we get a school delay, pray that we are off school for day, pray that we're off school for a week, for a month, and then for a year. So it's a good thing. I'm not God making decisions for for little kids like that. So, alright, so jumping in software, software. I looked over the software checklist that you send over Alvin and and the notes from you guys this conversation. So I'm, I'm just going to walk through this with you guys together. In fact, it might actually be, it might actually be useful to start this first part, just reviewing, especially reviewing the notes, walking through together and and filling in the details as we go and then, and then diving into some more questions beyond that.

Matthias Miller  02:50
See. So share my screen a little bit here. So one of the one of the. So in short, we've got proposals up until this point, and then wanting to, wanting to make sure I understand the end game. End game ultimately is to get, is to get scheduling and Job Costing out of that, as far as business objectives, is that a fair is that a fair statement? Oh,

Speaker 2  03:33
it looks like you're muted. I'm not sure if that's with Yeah, there you go. We're the same range like data, we have to plan a

Unknown Speaker  03:51
bigger assignments.

Speaker 1  04:09
Yes, I can and does sound like there's a repeating echo still, but I.

Unknown Speaker  05:00
Is that better Tim? Oh, yeah, yeah. So, a lot better

Matthias Miller  05:07
world of difference, right there.

Matthias Miller  05:16
All right, so, so as far as, as as far as the scheduling and the scheduling and Job Costing, those are the as far as outcomes, what we can what we can see and experience in the tail end of phase two is that, is that an appropriate Is that an accurate description.

Speaker 2  05:42
Yeah, I mean, phase two is basically just a scheduling part of what we already started with in the first phase. So I it's been a while, so I don't really know exactly what we talked about first one. So we just go through,

Matthias Miller  06:04
okay, had we discussed scheduling in the first in the first round?

Unknown Speaker  06:10
Not much. Okay,

Matthias Miller  06:13
so what about, what about costing? Though, there was mention that, some mention of costing in in here. I mean, prevailing wage, certainly there's unique requirements for that. Some things are around material usage. So is

Matthias Miller  06:40
okay, so I mean, but are you still looking for job costing as part of this? This phase? Yeah. Okay. So currently, everything's on paper, putting PDF attachments and photos on on a calendar, printing out the packet for the crew members to take to the job, tracking time on paper, and wanting to digitalize this, we talked about using a tablet and smartphones for this.

Matthias Miller  07:22
It's let's see the details around the packet, correct calendar, set up. Talk about the well, okay, I think, I think this is actually pretty close to, I don't know there's, there's a ton more that we actually need, need to dig into here. It's pretty clear.

Speaker 1  07:49
Matthias, do you want to go to the phase two checklist PDF there that was linked? I also just resent that back to Alvin. Yeah, it's right there. This guy. So that was the original thing that Alvin had sent to us back in April. And Alvin, I just, yeah, I just sent that one back to you. So you have to put your reference on your side. So that was the the original list that you had sent, and then the notes, the other notes that you were sharing on your screen Matthias were were from our conversations with Ellis and Alvin as we had been talking through, kind of just like a discovery call, type of approach, of what this might look like. Yep. Do

Speaker 1  08:44
so, yes, it does include mostly, mostly scheduling related items along with the different workflow items and

Unknown Speaker  08:55
often attached one.

Unknown Speaker  08:59
Oh, is there nothing

Unknown Speaker  09:01
there? Okay, I'll

Matthias Miller  09:05
make sure this. I'll try it again here. Alright, see, so you can have that handy, I want to I'll go ahead and, let's go ahead and start digging into the, specifically, the scheduling part of things. So there were multiple components that were in the in the scheduling. You do have crews going out together, and I'm assuming you want some kind of definition of

Matthias Miller  09:47
on the on the on the scheduling piece, walk me through, okay, at a very basic level, you've you've the customer. Signed, and you you've got a projected start date that you've got for this particular project. How? How early in the process do you actually assign that to the calendar? Do you sign that right away? Or is there a queue in a sequence, and as your lead time shortens, or as you get closer to that, you you assign specific dates.

Speaker 2  10:24
Usually, we would assume get the project will submit their calendar. Now, sometimes it will get moved around, and as a date gets closer, on how that might work, but we would put it on a date at that time with the notification to the customer that time period. We won't give an exact date. How it works, you know. So that's kind of how we work things, yep.

Matthias Miller  11:00
And then as far as cruise, do you, are you assigning so that, what point does that? Does it immediately get assigned? Oh, it would have to get assigned to a crew that at that point, if you're putting a date to it or No,

Speaker 2  11:17
yeah, we have, we have, like, Look calendar. Every crew has a calendar, like a different group calendar, so but sometimes it will get changed around as the time gets closer. Most times we'll specify which crew would do that job as soon as we have to pocket it. But sometimes it kind of get closer customer said, Okay, we want this done now, then that crew that's assigned to might actually be busy doing another project, so we might not just have to change

Matthias Miller  11:59
and and then how consistent are team members with their with the crew, like I'm gonna assume, tell me if this assumption is right. Normally it's the same people on the same crew, but given needs, you might shuffle people around from one job to the other as necessary. Is that

Unknown Speaker  12:15
it that's fine.

Matthias Miller  12:17
Okay? Do

Matthias Miller  12:27
Okay, and then you'll go ahead and create the job packet immediately as well. Is that correct?

Speaker 2  12:42
The job packets already rated on sales estimator, Major, sure, right. So carnival phase one has that, or, you know, has proposal. Copy the proposal, the quantities. I'm trying to think what else is usually, there's maybe a sketch drawing or something like that on photos, right? So those are four things that would be included in Job packet that'd be ready to schedule project assigned proposal, the original proposal of almost sketch story and your check, quality, quantity, check this,

Matthias Miller  13:30
okay, is the is the is.

Matthias Miller  13:46
You might have to walk me through, so I'm seeing the proposal PDF in pro estimator. Are there other Are there any kind of material or takeoff lists that get generated out of this?

Speaker 2  14:02
Usually there would be a work order, right? Sam, let's let you guys create there as a work order.

Speaker 1  14:10
Yes, so excuse me over in the in the printing emailing section, if you open a proposal that has been sent a customer or awarded. You'll see also a link for generate the work order, complete or partial, perfect.

Matthias Miller  14:32
Got it. That's what it was missing. Awesome.

Matthias Miller  14:42
Yep. Understood,

Matthias Miller  14:52
and the the photos are in the are uploaded as attachments. Is that correct?

Speaker 1  14:56
Yes, yeah, that's right. That's. Documentation section there the linking to Amazon, and

Matthias Miller  15:07
is that you also use for documentation besides photos, or is that only used for photos? How do

Speaker 1  15:15
I think the idea would be that can be used for other things as well, like the sketch drawings that Alba mentioned, or other things like that.

Matthias Miller  15:23
So when we, when we assemble that, okay, when we, when we generate the on the on the calendar. Are you wanting these to be combined into a single PDF, or are you just as happy to have separate links for each of the each of the items in the packet,

Speaker 2  15:45
well, it needs to be viewable on the calendar and that that's kind of why we want to do this. To make it simplify, because now it gets a little complicated, because, if, for some reason, that pictures don't be attached to that calendar link, then the guys are searching our little place for this photos or the documents, right? So my thought process would be, okay, it's in the pro estimator. You just want to soon as we get awarded that project, and it's on a day toy. That whole packet would go over to that date. The guys can go on there and open it up from the town that makes sense.

Matthias Miller  16:31
And yep. And it would have, you have

Speaker 2  16:35
documents and pictures, the work order, everything, yep.

Matthias Miller  16:41
And this is, this is getting into the weeds. But would you want that to be shown to them as a single PDF or like a menu that lets them pop into the photos and pop into the different parts of parts of what they need to access? Question,

Speaker 2  17:05
I'd be better. Like, not all the one was like, different makes, the quick one Miller, because one of, like, somebody might just don't look at the pictures of the job, not me, all the other information, depending on what they're busting. So if

Matthias Miller  17:30
you get that, yep, makes sense.

Speaker 2  17:39
So I think what he was saying was would be, if you had different places on the calendar on that document, they could actually click on it, yeah, there's my pictures, there's my, you know, kind of a checklist. So I like that idea too.

Matthias Miller  17:55
Okay, so then the, and then the PA one call is just, that's just a PDF that you guys will scan in or generate that's going to get included automatically with every job. Is that correct?

Speaker 2  18:09
Yeah, it should be with every project, because, like, we have our safety coordinator that takes care of that stuff. You'll call any good. It's called before you big it's pretty much the same for every job.

Matthias Miller  18:26
So, I mean, is that pretty much? Is that like, literally, just include that thing everywhere? Is that,

Speaker 2  18:33
yeah, okay, just put it in. There we go, yep. Now we know the process of that, that we went over that little bit with him and Ellis the last time it you got to call into being one call to tell them, this is an area that we're going to Do and we'll miss, send a response email back one side area clears up if there's any utilities in the areas of this marked off. So that could be there. You're supposed to get it done within, I think, of three working days, right? So when you put that request in, you have to have it done three working days later with the clearance so that would say that would mean that they would actually send an email back with that document stating, okay, here's a very gas line, or whatever that is, that would have to get attached to this dog File somehow.

Matthias Miller  19:41
Okay, and then do you want to? Do you want any way to manage those, those dates, those, hey, we need a we need another one call, or this one calls good for this long, or just have it there and all that stuff will just get managed the same way it

Speaker 2  19:57
currently was. The issue is, most. Times we have the job, we schedule a project, and we can't schedule out a PA one call before 10 days or do the job. So we can't do the PA one call on the schedule the project. We got to wait within the 10 day period of when we do the project. Yep. Okay, so if it would be said, we've that'd be kind of cool if we could have some kind of indicator that would send the whoever does that via one call, maybe an indication or an email that says, hey, this project coming up on March the 10th, we need to be this, you know, here's your here's your missed or here's your project for that day. And then you could make that announcement to that, yep, because the way he does it now, he just does manually, goes on the calendar. I know it's supposed to come up.

Matthias Miller  21:02
Yeah, so Tim, what I'm thinking is we might consider having a type or category that we put on the documents, which will let us group pictures together. We can also put one call in that which will give us an easy way to tell whether we have it. And we can also then generally show the latest one call. And if somebody really has to go, Well, I guess that's a question for you guys. I mean, is there any reason for anybody out in the field to to to need to pull up an old one call, or can we always just give them the latest

Speaker 2  21:38
one so if they have a time period says it's 10 days. And then if we don't say we don't get there within time period of the P at one column, it expires. Yep. So then you have to do it again. So it's important that the job formance, or whoever does the project, has a copy of that document, so that in case we hit something which can happen. So he has that with him, if, if, for some reason, exhibit company would show up and say, to do the thing at one column. Be nice for that Foreman to be able to pull that document up and said, Here it is. Right, right?

Matthias Miller  22:21
Right, yep, understood. Do you want to also manage the the expiration, so when you upload the you know, consider it good for easiest way would be 10 days from upload date, if people upload it right away, or Yeah, what about, what about that side of things,

Speaker 2  22:59
with the indicator? Would it actually tell it's for our safety coordinator? Would it tell him if the project's completed as

Matthias Miller  23:12
well? Yeah, we would. I mean if,

Speaker 2  23:16
if he would say, okay, 10 days out, this ticket expired. What do you want to do? Renew it? Miller counseling. Is he going to get that notification on every time? Or would it automatically that indicator as it sounds completed?

Matthias Miller  23:40
It would automatically when it's completed. It could be something like, this is just a proposal. It could be something like, Hey, this ticket expires in three days, but the project hasn't, hasn't been completed yet. Do you care?

Speaker 2  23:54
That would probably be a good thing. But I think I feel like also he don't want to get his maybe, if it doesn't have it, if there's no trip in there that would be tied to the completion project, he's going to get bombarded.

Matthias Miller  24:09
Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Agreed.

Speaker 2  24:13
I think we need to put something in there where projects done that you shouldn't bet the email or admitted.

Matthias Miller  24:20
Are there any cases where you're past that phase of the project and the rest of the project really, you know, you've already dug the rest of the project is going to take longer than 10 days. There's almost this is, is? Is there a world in which you need to say, look, the project isn't done, but we're done with this part of things we don't really we're good.

Speaker 2  24:46
That does happen sometimes, and most times, if we have to dig again, and he would do another fear, one fall or even even a ticket, yep, but it's very rarely that we have. The content 10 days, right? That sure it's most times the one or two days job where we take three, maybe hardly more than a week that we're ever digging or creating the content. All

Matthias Miller  25:21
right? Talk me through deposits being accounted for. Is that making sure that the customer actually paid before you start work on it? Or is it something else?

Speaker 2  25:29
Yeah, so right now, the early monitor on that is myself and Travis, for the most part, is like, I just go through my list every week in me enough. I'll look in the calendar, I'll look in the QuickBooks file, and I'll see if there's a third deposits. None of positives ever miss. For the most part, it's a sales guy and the estimator is their responsibility to make sure that deposits account for that there is time where it gets missed because it gets scheduled, stating that the puzzle is coming in, and then the customer either forgets or tries to push it off as long as we can. So then I go through my QuickBooks every week before we do our production meeting and check for that. So if we can have at least an indicator somehow, which I think we kind of tied into the first phase already that right?

Speaker 1  26:40
Tim, we have an indicator of whether the whether the proposal needs a deposit, and then what the amount is, yes.

Speaker 2  26:53
And then I forget how we have that set up. I think there's an indicator that would actually like our secretary has to check off without them clear up, right?

Speaker 1  27:10
We have a we haven't entered into QuickBooks checkbox for the for when the proposal is entered into QuickBooks. We don't have anything yet to track whether the deposit has been received.

Speaker 2  27:27
I think that definitely needs to happen, because Travis will be the standing he doesn't really know Right, right? So I I'm because Travis doesn't have access to QuickBooks because he don't really need it, like the operation side of the schedule, and I do, so I'll go through and check on that. So I think it'd be good to have some kind of indication somewhere, because if that check box is not checked off and Travis season on his calendar, then he's gonna know, right?

Matthias Miller  28:07
So how, what level of visibility Do you want this like, would you want it on? Would you want it on the calendar? So the Job says customer name, then at the end it says, you know, big bold letters, missing deposit or deposit required.

Speaker 2  28:25
Yeah, that'd be good, because that's also an indicator for the foreman to see that that he goes out to the job, because we were in mind, then if there's no deposit, like, we'll call a customer said positive for our foreman, because you didn't send it in that. So I like that.

Matthias Miller  28:54
Okay, good. Okay, so in the calendar view. You mentioned the main views here. Let me. Let me do this calendar views. Okay, so the main views are a breakdown by by crew. Do you ever want to see all crews all at the same time in your calendar?

Unknown Speaker  29:20
Can I do a screenshot with you and show you what

Matthias Miller  29:23
we absolutely, yeah, absolutely Show and Tell is always the most fun part of my Day.

Speaker 2  29:40
I can figure out where to screenshot, there it left.

Speaker 2  30:11
All right, do you guys see that? Yep, okay, so this, we have three crews right now, so that, 213, starting from the left. That's our weekly schedule, right? So I can talk to this thing throughout a month. You kind of see the yellow as your projects that we have, everything in green is like. That's a different through that build out projects. And then you have, we have the red is where people are taking off, right? So that this is just when Travis schedules a project, he puts it in his calendar, yep, and I can just click on one of these here. We don't actually you see that

Matthias Miller  31:05
I'm not able to see that. I have to add it to your share.

Speaker 2  31:28
Okay, so that's what was neat in the backside of that, right? Sure, here we have the documents of the copy of proposal and the work order, and then here's pictures for the project. Here we can see how the address up on the top line is the name of the job, the job number, and then the material, phone number. And we put all this stuff in manually, like Travis puts all this stuff in normally and what we're looking for, and we got this one, this project would get awarded on the pro estimator, or that would have that Invitational project awarded automatically go the scheduling bin powders, puts it in with whatever day He wants, and then there's full path that would be our range today.

Matthias Miller  32:26
Yep, makes sense.

Speaker 2  32:30
And it would end up in in one of these right here.

Matthias Miller  32:37
And then you you mentioned too that sometimes you use the daily view as well.

Speaker 2  32:43
The Daily view is a day by day schedule, and I can share that with you that would be here. Not sure. I guess, every time.

Unknown Speaker  33:12
And that looks like this. It's just an Excel sheet. And here is your three, one,

Speaker 2  33:20
which is 332, three through two, and then it gives you all your different name. Never leave that through that day.

Speaker 1  33:39
So this is essentially a, like a dispatch sheet of storage, right?

Speaker 2  33:45
Yeah, this is a dispatch sheet that we display per day, right? So Tyler's wire shit there again, manually put all this stuff in which he's almost going to have to continue to do that, I believe I but right now, on that back calendar, we had it on as an attachment when the crew did right, it was on As attachment assessment sale sheet.

Matthias Miller  34:21
All right, so in this for Wednesday, Dave the other day, this one Dave's off on, on buck on the buck run project, and the other other Dave is on some, some kind of project prep for upcoming projects, right? Yeah, okay. And so really, in some sense, do you hear. And then the, do you are you selecting the, are you tying out truck and trailer to the to the driver, or is that just, you're just throw it in there for where? That's where it goes.

Speaker 2  35:13
So I can't call a man. You got the call man. So you have them, you have them in there that could do that product safe. Day 11 is Eric, but he's going to take truck 29 and he's trying to take the three one water trip. You go on down to a 16. That's not he says, truck 32 and trailer 115 that's what he's taking the project, then on over to on the 15, then he's taking truck theory or 113 do the job. Yep. This, this screenshot that you'll see is actually we have this display on the big, big screen in the morning for the guy when they come in, and they'll see exactly that

Matthias Miller  36:07
makes sense. All right, good. Hired, hired haulers

Speaker 2  36:20
are borrowed. Yeah, you'd go down be 35 we have one higher order there, right? It just shows the former, like I got one higher power to two. I got five, and whatever that number is, right? So, so they know how many trucks I have for that data, right?

Matthias Miller  36:43
And those are just, can you? Can you give me just like, two or three more sentences of context on that

Speaker 2  36:50
hard Harmon, yeah, it's a subcontractor that's working for us all in the true off site. Perfect.

Matthias Miller  36:57
Makes sense. Good.

Speaker 2  37:03
So good. The yellow where it's highlighted yellow just give the form of an indication of where they're getting their laptop for the day. Yep.

Matthias Miller  37:21
All right, let me just jot down a couple notes here. I can think of thinking. Let me do

Matthias Miller  37:39
this. Us. So really,

Speaker 2  37:44
in a lot of, well, it'd be really cool here, in this right here, if we could kind of get rid of the sale, we'll make some kind of pick and drop. And you know, if you could, like, right now, Travis can copy and paste. Yes, but say, if we could go to Dave B up there and just click on that and drag it and put it wherever you want, right? Any of them things in there, that'd be really nice. We drag it around all over the place, right?

Matthias Miller  38:14
You mean, on the calendar, or on this page right here, or this page here, right here, yeah, so if you want so, let me ask one, one contextual question again as well, so on, for your for your schedule, dates are you? How do you delineate? Okay, so you have the you have a crew working together for the bulk of the job. Do you schedule? That's what gets on the schedule, and then you'll just assign people off of the crew to do prep work for other jobs. Or, how does that? How does that end up working? Or how do you think of think of that?

Unknown Speaker  39:04
I'm not quite following it.

Matthias Miller  39:08
Okay, so on, so on, on, like Marvin Ash's job. Do you consider December 3 the start date? Or is perhaps something that happens before the start date, and the actual start date is whenever the crew is going to show up.

Speaker 2  39:27
So this, yeah, this is for this day, right? This screenshot where you see, right here for this day. So for, for example, two guys are going to this job with Dave s and clean, and they're going to do a prep, more of an F. And when they're done there, they're going to go prep, leave I like their sign and estimate there.

Matthias Miller  39:50
Okay, so then, so then on a so when you're thinking, thinking it's. Giant step back, big picture. No, let's just, let's, let's drill into the, let's drill into the weeds. On, on Buck run. When? When do you expect the crew to be done with, with Buck run

Speaker 2  40:15
in this, this case, right here, yes, today or tomorrow, right? This is Wednesday, December 3. So tomorrow we're getting this job started, and we're finishing this job tomorrow. Sometimes, sometimes, if it's a big project, this might be on for Thursday. So we have a page like this for every day, right? So Thursday, we'll have another one the page itself. You just like this? It was said Thursday at 1234 one o'clock, right?

Matthias Miller  40:51
Understood, so, but most likely Thursday, you'll be working on on the ash of the blank job that the crew will be working on. Okay? So then, so then, for the purpose of scheduling, do you think of scheduling in terms of, you know, let's where does the where's the whole crew going, and then let's pull off a guy or two for PrEP as we need to. Or is there a, I mean, in terms of scheduling, you're basically scheduling the crew back to back and then pulling people off as needed to do, to do job.

Speaker 2  41:24
Prep. No, no. But Dave Davis is pretty much a full time prep guy, right? So tomorrow, there'll be a different job assigned for him, right? But he's actually a foreman, which it's not indicated here, but on topic, it should probably say prep crew.

Matthias Miller  41:47
But it's not here, right? So realistically within, okay, so if, if he's the, if he's the, if that's a prep crew, then what's the other one? The main crew? Or do you have a term that you use to contrast with that?

Speaker 2  42:06
Well, we have the painting crews are crew one, two and three. That's the terms we use, right? And then the prep crews. We have about two regular ones, so I don't think really have a one or two. It's just like they sometimes help each other out on the job. It's mainly by the foreman, so mosaic and Davis, Lisa foreman, he's going out and prepping his job right? And then the other one is usually Ben Junior, but he's all tomorrow. So there's our two main prep guys. So we really don't have a prep crew one, prep crew two. We probably should, but we, pretty much, at this point, have been gone by the main on them. Alright, so, but to make things easier, would would be easy to do that, right? So it's instead of crew one, crew two and three, three paid include, we could have a prep crew one and prep for two yep or something you could easily not verify name,

Matthias Miller  43:21
yep. So really, I mean, ultimately, okay, but then in terms of schedule, do you want to see? Do you want to you don't want to see? Okay, so prep crews you want to see in the calendar that the main job is well, or do you want different views? I want to see, I want to see the prep crew schedule, or I want to see by themselves, or I want to see them in whatever crew the main job is in.

Speaker 2  43:55
I mean, I like this view just like this, because everybody can see where everybody's going for the day.

Matthias Miller  44:02
Sorry, I'm jumping around and not giving you clear context this. This makes sense, and breaking the cruise into paving cruise and prep crews makes a lot of sense to me. So that's a that's a helpful distinction for me to understand when you're actually doing when you're actually doing scheduling, as far as where you see the prep crews calendar time currently it's showing up in the paving cruise calendar. Is that right?

Speaker 2  44:30
Well, if I'll go back with one more screen, I'll show you a little bit. Yep, if I go on this calendar, you can see the green, yep, right? The ones that are shaded green, that's actually your prep crew, right? So yep, the prep crews said the crew two calendar. Is this right here? So yep, and that means the crew two. Paving crew is paving these projects. Well, what happens with our prep crews? The one prep crew could actually prep, get prepping on the crew two column, or crew three calendar, or crew one pound, depending upon the situation, because it sometimes work together, getting the jobs done. But on the other hand, a paving crews pretty much exactly how you see it here. They're going to pretty much stick together, you know, per calendar, but the prep guys, they will float around all over the place between different native groups that will never be with them, partly, but they might prep a crew they might prep a job for crew one, and then tomorrow, they might actually prep a job for crew two. Yep.

Matthias Miller  45:55
Understood that's helpful. Um, so ultimately, on the job we need to.

Matthias Miller  46:08
Ultimately, we need a Okay. Another question, do you prefer to think of this in terms of a like, a like? In this case, on 16th, we got two day preps. Do you prefer to think of it in terms of a prep start date and end date? Or prefer to think of it in terms of a prep, you know, prep start date and, you know, it's a two day, two day prep.

Speaker 2  46:38
We would expect this job to be done in two days. Yes, for the pet,

Matthias Miller  46:44
yes, but you're blocking two days for

Unknown Speaker  46:48
it, that's right, yeah, so.

Matthias Miller  46:53
But in terms of, okay, so we have that, we have the I

Matthias Miller  47:05
on any given job, we need two different sets of dates, the the prep date, the prep start date, if it's multi day, the end date and the paving, the paving start date, and if it's a multi day project, the end date on the paving, yes. And along with that, the prep crew. And along with paving, the paving crew, all right,

Speaker 2  47:39
you see here, just to kind of clarify on the crew two schedule on the left there. So he has prep. I was sources from 1617 also has prep in the core journey of 1617 when you look at the 18 to 19, is when that alien crew is my favorite job, right? You go over to the middle calendar, which is crew one schedule. They have Pat Janelle Weiner, right? So that on the 22nd the paving crew option paid that so. So why recruit? That always stays together, right? So, yep, the solstice always stays in that counter. Get out Wagner, always stay on that counter. However, prep, please would jump back and forth and prep for these paving trees.

Matthias Miller  48:36
Yep, understood. And there are legitimately reasons why. Well, this is just bears repeating. I mean, this is barely need to say it because it's so obvious and it almost confuses the situation more than it's even helpful, but because you can have multiple broad jobs in the same day, both for prep and paving, there really is no reason to check for overlapping schedules. That's the scheduler's job to make sure that you know they don't overbook. Yeah. So it's not like we can say, Hey, hang on. Are you sure you can So,

Matthias Miller  49:31
okay, all that, I think makes sense. Okay, drill, drill back in. Or we don't even have to go into anything here. But just like on a on the proposal. Is there a way, currently that you're that we can get that material description off of the is there we can get that, that material description off of the proposal as it stands now?

Speaker 2  49:59
I. Yeah, here I'll show you. So if I clicked on that, I'll click on that item, sources, right? So, yep, and then this is what I find, or I'm sorry, leave I blank. That's what I find. See that screen job, yep, all right, if I click on this PDF right here, so I'll open that, and I'll share that.

Speaker 2  50:32
And if I click on that, this is what I get, right a copy of the proposal. And I'll scroll down, and I get the list of quantities here, so that that's very important for the foreman, the guide on productions period to see that, so they know how much material we actually have for your job. And then on down, we have this information about the customer. Here you got some measurements. Sometimes there's actually the guys the estimator, who actually put a drawing in with it, this tiny adult or a map. This instance, it's not

Matthias Miller  51:21
so then, what about, what about generating the is there a way from the proposal that we can generate that, that material description, or is that something that should be hand entered in?

Speaker 2  51:40
I think the way we want to do that is Anita Tim can talk about that a little bit is so on the pro estimator, the planning was to have this page right here. Just go over into the news phase two as part of that job packet.

Matthias Miller  52:04
Okay, I'm talking very, extremely specifically in the calendar event title itself. There's, there's an abbreviated description of the material. Oh, that way. Is that something that you just want to go

Speaker 2  52:21
ahead, well, we have manually entered in, but if it's if it's pre entered in, it would be really nice to just have that coming on the calendar, by the way, my trucks, that's right, nailed saves, save their trial error too, like just transferring maneuver, I might type an error or something, if it was just all one,

Matthias Miller  52:52
let's see.

Matthias Miller  52:59
Tim, do you have a Lear, do we have a group? We have a quantity, unit of measure, thickness?

Speaker 1  53:15
Yeah, so I guess Alvin and Travis. Would you see that? Excuse me, see that as being the the job name, or is that a a description of the main because, yeah, in the new software here, we have a job name, and then we also have different section names and group names. What would you see in the ideal description to be giving the daily event there?

Speaker 2  53:47
Yeah, usually the job name and the job number is the most important part, because the job number is the name of is the number of the proposal, right? So that's where we get the job number. That's your tracking device for the remainder of project, your time, employees target, job policy, material, tracking, invoice of it. So that's the most important part, your job number, even more so than your name, either. But the guys want to know the name too, because that it's usually what they have to put on the time card.

Matthias Miller  54:36
Are you guys using either to measure, convert conversions, to convert from square yards to ton tons on your asphalt.

Unknown Speaker  54:46
Yeah, we had that set up on phase one.

Matthias Miller  54:53
So, I mean, so basically it's what we need. Is there it is. I'm seeing it. I. So basically, what we need is a, is

Matthias Miller  55:08
it, is it all? It's only the, it would only be the asphalt material off of the is there any other material? There's other material that you might include in the job. Is that correct? Yeah, that, correct?

Speaker 2  55:24
Sometimes there's two or recycled asphalt, but for the most part, it's, it's, it's the asphalt. Yeah, they're tons of asphalt.

Matthias Miller  55:35
I mean, could we, could we do something like a common deal if there's multiple material, comma, you know, comma list, like 32 tons of 19 millimeter and this may tons of stone, or however that gets display material by primary unit of measure.

Speaker 2  55:55
Yeah, I don't even know, like how important that is, but it's an indicator for the sketcher to actually, the reason I did that is it was an indication for me as a scheduler to know how much material I needed for that job, right there, out in the open. And then when I went to order my materials, I could just go off that instead of digging into the weeds, right and, you know, pulling up every proposal and looking at it, so it was a good indicator for me tonight. All right, this is coming at times of this product that I have to order on the supplier, so that, that's why I did it that way here.

Matthias Miller  56:42
So theoretically, it wouldn't have to go into the calendar. Well, are you saying it wouldn't have to go into the calendar title, if we if we had a different, easy way to see it somewhere else,

Speaker 2  56:54
what do you think it probably wouldn't have just the heading of the job, name, a number, and then if you click one out of there would be, it wouldn't have to be on the head. And now there would be an easy way to pull it up or display it somewhere. I don't think you would need that on the main head. No.

Matthias Miller  57:22
All right, good. So let's think if there's okay you had mentioned a Google Maps integration. Is that just so that the location links out to Google Maps. Or is there more, more of that? Is there any kind of, hey, I want to see what all jobs there are, where they're at, so I can kind of do general vicinity. Or is it always first come first serve? What are you looking for, Google Maps integration?

Speaker 2  57:55
I think it'd be nice if the screen share thing here. I

Unknown Speaker  58:11
I have a great goal, if we could not talk the one online, i

Speaker 2  58:23
i for this one example, right? So be really cool. We could actually click on this right here, and it would actually take it right to the Yep. Maybe this does. It probably actually does. So for example, with if the foreman actually move yourself on the tablet, be able to pick on that address, and it worked like certain like the Google Maps and all bigger, that's what I'm doing. Makes sense.

Matthias Miller  59:01
Customer in work order. Let's see. We talked about that. About that. Okay, so then the follow up system to remind customers, tell me a little bit about what you're looking for from that. I So,

Speaker 2  59:31
yes, sometimes we have a three month backlog. It's usually nice to start doing this another years ago, where we would contact the customers every three weeks or so, just to let them know, like, where they're at. It's mainly a residential customer. It's not commercial customers. It's not applied to that. But the residential customers, if they have a gear from us, and it's very you know, if that we. From a certain month that get answered, right? And the other thing is, if we would say, Okay, I want to put you on for July 2026 and we would do that right now, and July 26 comes around, and we call them like that day and say, Well, you're a month out now because of weather or whatever happened. Then, then kind of get discouraged. We started to just follow up every three weeks throughout the process and just remind them where you're at. Makes sense that that was a little bit while we did the last five years or so. Kind of customer service, no one of them tweaks.

Matthias Miller  1:00:55
And then do you what? How does it work for, for commercial, it's basically like, I mean, commercial, you're gonna be a lot more understanding. They're gonna want a little bit of a heads up before you, before you show up, certainly, but they've got a lot more understanding about, hey, Life is real. You got a backlog. We're scheduling it. We're not gonna forget about you, all this, all that, that type of thing, I'm assuming. What? What is, what does that communication look like with them?

Speaker 2  1:01:23
Yeah, usually the difference between that is, our residential customers are most helpful, or 310 years, or whatever. Well, our commercial customers are, you know, we would probably do a dozen jobs a year for them. So we're constantly cars. Is constantly talking to them anyway. So then he would kind of keep tab on these projects anyway, because we've talked to them anyway. So and I'm ready, they would tell him today, I'm ready in a month. And then that time comes around a week before you spend a call on and say that you're 10 days break, no calls there, or where are you at? And they're like, Well, I will push back two weeks now so that that's usually the routine as a marketplace. So it's not really necessary that we reach out to them every three weeks because of just the way it is. Yep, I'll

Matthias Miller  1:02:29
need to think through a little bit how best to we want to represent that, but makes the process makes sense. I'm going to propose, initially, that we just give you a way of tracking who needs to be followed up with, in a way to say, Okay, I did it, rather than automated communication. And I'll tell you why. The reason being that there's so many reasons and ways for the automation to go sideways. You forget to update the start date, or you, oh, I don't even know. Or they, maybe, maybe the biggest thing is these are all solvable. So this is an important problem to you happy to solve it. One of the biggest reasons is that, typically, it's easy for the current, current automation that we have in place. It's easier to have an automation only phone number that these text messages go to, but people still want to reply back, and they just get confused when they just get confused, unless you have some kind of AI on the back end. So happy to take a look too.

Speaker 2  1:03:47
Okay, I think, I think just the list the reminders, right? Let me whoever that is. It's Travis, or if it's Dennis there, you know, Dennis actually does a PA one, so he actually have been doing that. So if you ever would get that list and maybe get an email list, here's, hey, it's time to update these customers, right. Here's your list, or something like that. I think that's, that's what I'm looking for, yep.

Matthias Miller  1:04:15
And that could be something like a once a week, once a week kind of thing,

Speaker 2  1:04:20
yeah, whatever we, you know, we come up with this. That's right. It could be one study, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:04:28
all right, so think that handles all that. So then time tracking for the team, basically that looks like, okay, it's it's one or two options. One people have their own phone, so they're just logged in. They pull up their phone and they're like, Yep, I'm here. I'm working. Are you time tracking? We. To use for both payroll and job costing. So I'm going to assume there's, there's probably a better term for you. You might have a term for this specifically, but the non job time, just like overhead, the stuff that happens, does that walk me through a little bit? Guys, clock in first thing in the well, yeah, guys, clock in first thing in the morning. Do they? Does that? Does that time get attributed to the job immediately? Or is there some, some form of overhead time or non job time that that gets recorded as well?

Speaker 2  1:05:38
Yeah, it depends. So, for example, Monday mornings we have a safety talk, and which is usually about 20 minutes, possibly maybe 10. Sometimes it's anywhere from 15 minutes to 30. That's mostly so that that's considered overhead. That's your shop time now, on everyday basis. Most times, when they clock in, they'll immediately start towards that job, whatever working job they're working on. Because what happens is they will actually go with the project there at the at the shop, before they go through the job. So that is the case as a case most times now today, however, I had poor guys just working around there, doing odd stuff. We all have to go to cruise out again, so there again shop time. That's what we put down at this point. That's the way do you do you want?

Matthias Miller  1:06:43
Do you need any more specific? Anything more specific than just shop time or just

Speaker 2  1:06:48
it's either shop time or job? I would like to have it come up with a list of categories a little bit more specified that would actually go into QuickBooks like that. I'll have to spend a bit of time with that. Get that to you guys. Yep, it is a little bit big.

Matthias Miller  1:07:10
Sure it's still a I mean, as long as you can keep shop time minimal, nobody cares. But right balloons, everybody wants to know, what were you doing?

Speaker 2  1:07:24
Yeah, if you got like, 2000 hours of shop time last year, you know we got, what are we going to do here? So it did happen last year, like, kind of open mind, like, Okay, we we should get this a little bit more specified here, because everybody is using shop time. So yep, but I'll come up with a list for you guys at some point here.

Matthias Miller  1:07:47
Okay, yeah, and then, and then for jobs you'll have. I mean, presumably, okay, I'm again, making assumptions here, but I'm going to assume that when somebody clocks in on a job, they could just pick from whatever jobs in their list today, with the customer, with the customer, job name, customer, or the in the job number, and and choose that to clock in on that. And presumably, do you need a way to say, hey, I need to look up I'm actually working on this other job. It's not on the schedule. I need to put in a job number and look up a job by a different number. Or is that the kind of thing where somebody in the office can go back in and and link out their time to the right to the right place. Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:08:43
I mean, there is times like that where we get a short notice job or have to buy do. This might not be on the calendar, but we almost put it in the calendar, probably so that Dan can find the right place to track. So I think, I think you have to put this hat for somebody. I just have to put it in in the calendar. And if it's running the calendar, they don't be under a category like you've spent shop time and whatever that leads I think that's the best area going to handle. But if you don't do it any other way. You're not going to be able to track it all with prospects, right?

Matthias Miller  1:09:27
It gives Yeah, makes sense. And then, and then you talked about, are you guys tracking tracking prevailing wage on the proposal at this point?

Speaker 2  1:09:41
Yes. Wow, are we Tim, I don't think we did on the

Speaker 1  1:09:47
side, yeah, no, we're not tracking that in the soft coast. Part of the discussion here for phase two.

Matthias Miller  1:09:55
Okay, so you have, you have proposal, prevailing wage. Um. Um, I don't know what you call it, roles or rates.

Speaker 2  1:10:05
I'll give you my phone on this. So I think it should happen when we get a word of the project already. So what? When we get awarded the project, we already know what the rates are that the guys get paid for that job. Yep, I so I think before that project actually gets to go to scheduling, we should have a check mark on there, if it's prevailing wage, and maybe Tim, maybe this is something we need to add way back to prevailing wage. We need to be it should be checked off constantly. And before that job can go in the scheduling thing, those rates need to be attached to that job for those rulings, because most times are like we have a there are different rates per operator, right? So you might have a ruler operator, get a rate, paper operator, get a rate, a labor operator and get a rate. Truck driver get a rate. So they all get a different rate. So those rates should be pre entered in there before it goes to scheduling. And then my thought would be, it's already done. And then when we go to do that project, that employee or that supervisor could go to that job and say, an equipment operator, and put it Yep,

Matthias Miller  1:11:33
and that's and they need to know, then if they're an equipment operator, and they go hop in the truck to go haul something somewhere, They they got to switch timed over to, you know,

Speaker 2  1:11:43
and the foreman needs to teach to approve the time before it goes to the office, right? So sure the labor of the team member can put his time in, but the foreman needs to go in there and check it off before you go to the office for because there's times when I put it in wrong. It happens a lot, actually, sure.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:21
Okay,

Speaker 2  1:12:30
yeah, we actually do that now on a sheet of paper where the foreman, the trailing waste projects, the foreman will actually put out a sheet, which says, here's the hours for guys, because we had issues where guys have throughout different times, they didn't have the right they weren't filling in the right stuff for what operator positions. So it was just kind of chaos right now, the foreman just actually takes care of it and has a sheet on in the branch.

Matthias Miller  1:13:16
Does this have any impact on does prevailing wage have any impact on proposal pricing? Oh, yeah, sorry, would you say yes? So how are you currently handling handling that?

Unknown Speaker  1:13:37
What are the price of Jonathan I

Matthias Miller  1:13:43
so you just know to, I mean, you just affect your labor item code accordingly to what it's going to be basically, right? I mean, is that fair? Yes, okay. Isn't there a world in which or is there a world in which it would make sense to put, do you know prevailing wage requirements when you put the proposal? I mean, you have to, sorry, it's kind of a dumb question. Let's, let's hope so. So is there a world in which it makes sense to put the prevailing wage categories and rates in on the proposal itself, so that you actually have that at the time that you're generating the proposal?

Speaker 2  1:14:26
Yes, there, but they're always job specific, depending on who it's for, what area it's in, what township it's in, because you can work on one township the next, and it's a different rate. So can't really unless you put under the category, well actually, then it changes, probably by the time two years later when you get another time to retain. So that's partly work. Trying to automate too much. But to answer your question, yes, the estimator will know the rates when he gets a job.

Matthias Miller  1:14:58
So. So in my mind, it would make way more sense to rather than put that information into the system on acceptance. It would make a lot more sense to me to put the information into the proposal and bake it in as part of that. And if down the road, we don't have to do this now, but if down the road you want, you want better tracking and management for your labor item codes, we could potentially give you a way to do that, like,

Speaker 2  1:15:32
yeah, yeah. I think it would actually absolutely make sense to do that. And I think there should be a because of the way we have an automated or estimator automated, you have to go into an error ride mode to put your prevailing wage rates in, and then we should actually have a checkbox somewhere Tim that says prevail wage. And that would actually automatically go on the proposal in a print that says this job includes preventing wage that way, it's peer cut across the board. You have your rates in there for you have your rates in there already, and that starts process before it even ever gets awarded.

Matthias Miller  1:16:30
That makes me way happier by I'm

Speaker 2  1:16:35
because you're right, Matt, he's going to have to have those greatest before he gets a job, because we're hiring.

Matthias Miller  1:16:42
Yeah, and I don't know that we have to do it now, but, but, or I, I don't know what kind of cross referencing you want to do. Do you when you have a prevailing wage job? Do you? Do you set the labor rate based on kind of what you think the average rate is going to be overall? Or do you set it to the the highest prevailing wage? Or how do you come up with the labor number?

Speaker 2  1:17:14
The amount question that I think you use is all the above, yeah, but yeah, you have to go with that. You This is how we did our job with them. We'll, we'll go times too, right? So if the labor rate is $50 an hour, don't bid the job $100 an hour, right? Because it's just that's in it, and we can really, we would really nail it down to and get down to really, get specific, to have to figure out, Okay, how much is our costs will be exactly to the fee to the penny per iterate. But for bidding processes, he just knew that's pretty much the process I think that viewer go through,

Matthias Miller  1:18:06
sure that makes sense. Good. All right, so then, so then prevailing wages get put in into the proposal, then upon acceptance, you already have those on a prevailing wage project. When Dave's out there with his phone or tablet or whatever, and he's like, I'm working on this job, and if it's prevailing wage, it's like, hang on, what are you doing? And he says, you know, truck driver or something. And says, All right, we're off to the races. And then he stops that, pulls up his phone, switches that out, goes to something else. What about on a non prevailing wage project? Do you want? Do you want similar types of Do you want any any more granular tracking on your job than just, Hey, I was working on this job.

Speaker 2  1:19:14
I mean, I gotta tell you how we do it now, because when they come back at night, that's how they'll do it now,

Matthias Miller  1:19:32
okay, it's not like, it's not like you go ahead, sorry.

Speaker 2  1:19:38
I think maybe you want to keep it simple like that. Get Started if we want to. We if we want to say, if that doesn't work for some reason, we could always say, Okay, we need a geo offense. So if you're not within, you know you can't hear your time. And if you're not at the shop or within as a. Off site, if we want to add that down the road. Is that something we could add?

Matthias Miller  1:20:07
Yeah, we could. We could even a very I wonder how much it would it would take. It might actually not be that much work to just log geographic location, not not enforce it, but just log where people were at when they clocked in.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:27
So we could actually track it. That'd be nice.

Matthias Miller  1:20:30
And then we could, we could figure out, you know, down the road, if we need to do, I mean, it's very it's simple math to do, as the crow flies, distance calculations, which is all you really need to do, like we're

Speaker 2  1:20:51
not, we don't have, you know, we have some conservative Amish here. So they won't have fun with them. So they'll have their track. They'll have to put their time. They want to make it back at them, right? At them. That's out in the work area, that they could be that that's my fault,

Matthias Miller  1:21:09
and you'd rather do that than just have them grab a tablet. So you're thinking they would write it down and put it back in or or is there a world in which they could grab a tablet just take it along with them? Along with them and punch it in as

Speaker 2  1:21:25
as they go? Are they not? Probably not. They wouldn't take it with them. Probably that would just enter when they come back at the end of the day. Most, most of them, guys, are with the crew. Like, I mean, if you know you have you got, I was very rarely we get one god of job by himself. That happened. But by the times there was a crew of five men, right? So they're always out of that five men, they are at the same time for that job, right? So they get back into the day, the foreman will actually tell them, like, Okay, you had x amount of times people's job, unless in the middle of there somebody does some reps or something,

Matthias Miller  1:22:07
so the foreman might need to adjust the time for the entire crew at some

Unknown Speaker  1:22:10
point. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:22:15
that's interesting. That's

Speaker 2  1:22:16
what I was saying. If, if or Foreman will have to override, like some, somehow you're going to have an indicator on there that says, This is a specified form and for Who am I working for today, right? Maybe, maybe it would come up like, who am I working for today? And you would be like, I'm working for or who's my direct report. You guys with travelers, and if you click on that and then that Foreman would actually have to check off on your time before it actually enters the office, right?

Matthias Miller  1:22:58
Well, that could switch during the day. So you might have, you might have somebody, yeah, do a project the morning and then switch over and help with prep in the afternoon, or, you know, whatever. And so third

Unknown Speaker  1:23:11
piece project specific.

Matthias Miller  1:23:16
But when you're clocking in, what makes the most sense clocking in or switching times or something. What makes the most sense is say, first of all, who am I? Who's my direct report? And then, second of all, what projects are they doing? And then, yep, makes sense. And that direct report would default to their I mean, each each employee would have a default direct report, yeah,

Speaker 2  1:23:45
for some reason, Dan would work with Dave P in the morning, he would clock in, who's my direct report, Dave P, and at lunch time, and you know, what's the job put in the job. At lunchtime, he would go to Steve Job. He would enter his time, who's my direct report on this project job. And then that would actually it's a day. P would be responsible for his first six hours of van to check off on them, and Steve would be responsible for the other half, right?

Matthias Miller  1:24:23
I have another question. I'm going to confirm an assumption here that that lunch breaks and morning breaks and well, okay, first of all, sorry, let me. Let me go with lunch breaks. Now I'm not question, sorry, first question are, are, are there any breaks that they have that are on the clock? Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:24:51
I mean, we don't. We don't punch out for breaks usually,

Matthias Miller  1:24:54
okay, and lunch. What about that?

Speaker 2  1:24:58
Yeah, who if it's on. And lot of times I got this rather wrong. You couldn't really, can't stop too much. So they will take a break. But for the most part, we very rarely talk out. That's right, we had very, very rarely talk out during the day to take for breaks. So we pretty much made it that, you know what, take a break. Because lot of times I'll take it that might take a 15 minute break in the morning, and I might take a 15 minute break for lunch, and then maybe go on. It's just part of that industry, because there's times where, all right, the blacktop kind of broke down, and then we got to wait an hour. So they got around Right, right? Sometimes, yeah, so it's just hard. So we just yeah, pretty much just Yeah, okay,

Matthias Miller  1:25:50
well, that makes it easy, and that's all job time. It's just part of it. It's part of the goals, right? Yep. And then do you guys track downtime in any capacity,

Speaker 2  1:26:01
or that's just part of it as well. We don't, but we, I think we need to, because we, we had a lot of downtime this year, so it's something that I need to think about. We need to think about how we want to traffic. But I think it'd be nice to know, because we get to the end of the year, it's sometimes, sometimes it's a, it's a salesperson versus production crew argument,

Matthias Miller  1:26:29
right? I think

Unknown Speaker  1:26:30
it'd be nice to actually know traffic right

Matthias Miller  1:26:39
now, it makes sense. I mean, it also, it also helps you understand. I mean, goodness, you don't want to you, hope, preventative maintenance and all this stuff takes care of this stuff, but it also gives you an idea of what your what your overhead is, specifically

Speaker 2  1:26:56
and maybe, and maybe it's just a matter of performing you. And when he, when he gets to the, when he does his final approval for that, it would come up. Was there any downtown on the job? Yeah, maybe put a name or answer some questions or things like that. I think it's probably a good way to compensate it every bully is that. I think maybe just a formula

Matthias Miller  1:27:30
makes a lot of sense to me. Okay, well, we got something good.

Speaker 2  1:27:38
Yeah, some might, I mean, it just an indicator, right? If we could say, Okay, I have a report at the end of the year like this is how much down the funnel would have this, whatever it helps, and the foreman, would it be that indication, because of what Equipment Breakdown? Or was it waiting on material? Yeah, maybe have a list of things, of, you know, half a dozen items or 10 items that they can choose from. Why the downtime at the end of the year? We can actually look at that report and see that,

Matthias Miller  1:28:16
I mean, that's, that's that would be tremendously useful to have, absolutely, especially, yeah, waiting for items. Are there certain anyway, or waiting for all this stuff? Okay, all this stuff.

Speaker 2  1:28:28
Can go back to the vendor and say, Look, this is how much time we actually cost.

Matthias Miller  1:28:37
You can stop the emotional argument of like, you guys are always late. What's your Okay, here's the facts. On July the seventh, at 10:43am we are expecting here anyway. Alright, good. You know, logic is a good way to to solve but logic and facts really helps. Okay, good. Trying to think, if there's anything else, we'll have to think through a little bit how we want to structure this on the back end. Because really, it's, yeah, we'll just have to have to think that through. Well, I have a proposal. It's we've been going for an hour and a half. We take a maybe a five minute break or so and, and then circle back in and and begin to change orders. Is the next thing on the checklist. Actually, I do have a few questions on time tracking. Sound good? Five minute break. Yeah, five minute break. All right, okay, yep, see if.

Matthias Miller  1:36:28
All right, I'm I'm back whenever you guys are ready to go again.

Speaker 2  1:36:31
Yeah, I'm ready. Yep, I'm ready too. All right, just, we'll have to do a hard stop here about no later in planning board meeting, please. We have another meeting coming.

Matthias Miller  1:36:44
So Okay, sounds good. You guys are Eastern, right? Yes, okay, perfect. So as far as pushing this stuff to payroll or QuickBooks prevailing wage, do you have separate items just are all of prevailing wage? Is that a single item code? Do you have different item codes per category? Do you have any idea how that works?

Speaker 2  1:37:12
Good question. I'm not that they're all officer so that's a good question. I'm not sure if I can answer that.

Matthias Miller  1:37:26
Okay, it's not a huge deal. We can iron it out later. Also, are you looking to are you looking to push time entries across, or what we've had other clients do sometimes with we've got a manufacturer who's got a very sophisticated incentive program, and there's just no way that you can sensibly generate I mean, it does translate to $1 per hour at the end of the day, but There's just no and potentially bonus, some some bonuses, but there's no way you can represent that meaningfully in a QuickBooks pay stub. And so they actually generate their own pay stubs from within the software. And just, Okay, here's the process. Wait, what do they do? I think they might end up issuing both stubs. I'm not completely sure, generate the main, the main pay stub from silver loom, so that employees could see how they got to that wage based on production volume, and then potentially probably also issue the pay stub from QuickBooks so they can see their taxes and deductions as well. There's a world in which for their accounting integration, there they are pulling those taxes back back in but I'm not sure if that's broken down by employee. Actually, it might be. So as far as pay stubs, how are you wanting to well, this is the question for you to discuss with your payroll officer on how you want to handle that. Do you want to do any to come across the separate codes? Do you want individual time entries? Do you want? Is it fine just to say we're paying you this much money or this much hourly, this much overtime. How do you want pay stubs coming out? Do you want? Do you want it together? Do you want everything coming from QuickBooks, everything from silver loom, so getting some preliminaries with on. That would be

Speaker 2  1:39:36
already know that answer. So okay, I mean, what are we doing now that everything's QuickBooks, so I would assume that everything's going to stay there, and silver really just happening for for us, right? So how I envision that variable going through? Were eventually statefully, then he would integrate in QuickBooks so that we could pay and had one paycheck on QuickBooks. I know there's people that have different, two different paychecks within the week, but we have everything together. So it'll actually line item, like, if you're in a project, and if European operator, it will give you that rate. If you're a truck driver, it will give you that rate. If you if it's over time, and give me that rate, and that's being wage over time, give me that weight. So you might on one paper. You might have four different weights depending on project or five. I like that. It simplified a little bit more back end work for my secretary. But it works. It works for us.

Matthias Miller  1:41:02
So are you all right? We'll take a look at what she

Speaker 2  1:41:12
would just get a report for now, right? If we can incorporate it into QuickBooks for now, even if she just got a report right, like so she's been log on. And there's my report. Here's my payroll for the day, here's my payroll for the week, whatever that is,

Matthias Miller  1:41:30
yep. And then do you want it broken down by rate, or broken broken down by by category, or it it probably could.

Speaker 2  1:41:43
They almost have to be by ready, because she would be able to see what we see, here's a rape for this job based on her category. So she would, she would see that already. It'd be pre entered in so if she pulled the report that that form and signed off on for that day, she could see, okay, there's my truck fire in the three here's my operating rate all the way down through, the name of a person won't be there. So I think it would be pretty simple.

Matthias Miller  1:42:21
And then or non, for just regular rate, there's really, well actually for,

Speaker 2  1:42:30
for costing regularly, it would be just your wage plus an overtime rate another time.

Matthias Miller  1:42:49
How does overtime get applied? Does? Does overtime get applied based on calendar time? So if you do a prevailing wage on Friday afternoon or then you get overtime on that or is it based on, go ahead.

Speaker 2  1:43:02
That's the way it is now, yes, 40. So for example, if we would have 40 hours regular rate, and we work the 4042, hours is two hours, you're creating wage, then it's preventing wage over time. So anything over 40 hours for the week, we have to pay over time. It doesn't matter what it is,

Matthias Miller  1:43:30
makes sense

Speaker 2  1:43:31
if now, if you work 40 hours of Van wage beginning of the week and on Friday, you work a regular rate, and that's great, regular overtime.

Matthias Miller  1:43:44
And that's probably not a huge deal, but it is it. I mean, that's that's up to scheduling to

Speaker 2  1:43:51
pretty big deal. Yes, try to, we've tried to nail that down. That is definitely a scheduler's responsibility to make sure that we stay in check of that.

Matthias Miller  1:44:04
So, I mean, this all depends on how far you want to, want to take it, but if you really want to, we could conceivably give you a warning or something similar, if you ever schedule a prevailing wage job on a Friday or something like that.

Speaker 2  1:44:24
Hey, yeah. I mean, that actually would be, actually wouldn't be a bad idea, if you would. If we, I don't know, you give them a lot of buzzer and I don't know, but yeah, I mean, if you put it in if you try to schedule what way you shop for Fridays, and maybe you want to get an indicator or something, it's a good thought, because it would start with a schedule like, you know, once you had a schedule with two data ready, right? So you have to break before you schedule. Like you have to know that before you schedule.

Matthias Miller  1:45:08
Okay, so that report, okay, there might be some details in that report. It makes sense. Want to note that overtimes, I forget. I forget details of we dug into overtime that was that's an interesting rabbit hole, but there are some states I believe I could be wrong. I believe some states do allow you to do a maybe the contractual nature of prevailing wage probably prevents you from from allowing you to do this, but some states, I believe, allow you to use in a prorated hourly rate basis for overtime. But I'm not completely sure Anyway,

Unknown Speaker  1:45:56
well it is actually just not for me. So for if you do overtime,

Speaker 2  1:46:05
you don't, you just pay overtime on the rates, not on the actual fringe benefits or anything else. It's just on the rate, right? Sure.

Matthias Miller  1:46:18
Yep. Okay, so, so this actually jumping down, this checks the box and being able to process prevailing wage projects. Is there any, any other additional reporting that you need on on prevailing wage? I mean, potentially this gets down into job costing, we'll want some kind of job report by some kind of time, report by job, I'm assuming. But is there really anything? Sorry, I do have another question on payroll. Are you guys doing a is it what pay period style are you using every two weeks? Okay, full calendar weeks or midweek, not full time?

Unknown Speaker  1:47:19
Might be a Friday. Right? I'm just

Matthias Miller  1:47:24
looking from a time tracking standpoint, because some people do like a Thursday to Wednesday. Some people do have half, half month at a time, full month, whatever. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:47:44
uh, okay, so being able to pre enter jobs and attach time, okay, what about materials on the materials side is there is the, well, you have a very low quantity of materials that you're tracking. So usually one, sometimes sometimes, usually asphalt, sometimes rock. And so you just want a way to walk me through what you envision that process to be like,

Speaker 2  1:48:24
well, it's really not often. I mean, it's just, I want to be a operation team and be able to see what was bid on the project. That's about it. I mean, so Travis will actually put these corner, these in to the vendor, sometimes during the week too, so that I don't know there's a way to automate that, but not really, because he'll go to different asshole plants, but he'll have a list of quantities for the performance like this is what I ordered for the week. But that that's one thing that it has, that it does. I don't know if they're like a process there, that'll nobody I need. I mean, it's now,

Matthias Miller  1:49:15
it's not just, I mean, there's not really a okay, if, if you have the wrong amount of material. That's a change order. It's not like it's not like the I mean, is there ever where you order and bid a certain amount of material, and I mean that there's enough variance in the material that you actually do get that it's meaningful in in managing from a costing standpoint.

Speaker 2  1:49:45
I mean, there is a time where, if we order too much material, there it might be an issue that, you know, take on too much material, of course, that's the thing that we might actually have to buy. But they were so. On for some reason we look at the material that has happened

Matthias Miller  1:50:08
that's just a mistake in the ordering process, process.

Speaker 2  1:50:21
Can't really think of a material running. It's not really, it's more of a man. This is more of a miller thing than anything else, right? So you said we only have six different materials that we use, okay?

Matthias Miller  1:50:39
I mean, it seems, seems to me, like there's plenty of ways to, yeah, it might actually be almost as useful to

Matthias Miller  1:50:57
this is not something. I'm not proposing that you actually do this. I think if you would want to do this, would want to do this, what actually could make more sense would be some kind of reconciliation process between vendor invoices and yeah, and your jobs.

Speaker 2  1:51:19
And most times that's actually a costing issue, right? So we have had times where the vendor actually charges the wrong price because they gave us a quote to do the job, and then they charge us a different price. And do you look for that? Right? Put the secretary. She's not really looking for that. She's just paying the bills, right? So more sales guy, part of the project. And I, I sometimes wonder how often that might actually happen, because there's really nobody there to monitor that.

Matthias Miller  1:51:58
Well, I have both. Sales guy

Speaker 2  1:52:02
sent rich Mary a report if that happens, but for the most part, he signs off on the job cost so that he'll he will know that comes up.

Matthias Miller  1:52:14
I don't know what kind of sales guys you run. I've yet to see a sales guy who's double checking financials all the way on the back end of the project. I mean, if he's any good, he's selling projects not doing that. You hold his feet to the fire. So the the Well, I mean, I have both. I mean, it's both an invitation and a warning. I suppose

Speaker 2  1:52:40
the one thing that you could do is, if there's a quote on the project that would be on the estimated side already, but you know, copy on that price would actually be in there so that the Secretary might see you might visit supplies for that project. That's where it would come up. But we want to get that complicated I'm not sure.

Matthias Miller  1:53:05
Well, let me take a giant step back big picture. I've worked with a number of clients that have gone deep down the rabbit hole of reconciling looking looking down more granularly, at per product or per project profitability. It is, it is a rabbit hole, and it's not always fun. What you find, that's the bottom line. It can be very easy. It can be very difficult to know where to start and stop with drawing the line of what do you track and how close do you track it. So in general, one very interesting way to do this would be, is more of a, you know, I think the way a lot of you know, this depends a lot on, again, we're talking very big picture. This depends a lot on, on your on roles within a company, and general company culture. I think there's, there's a lot of people from a finance side that just look overall at, you know, what do we bid on projects that were completed and what, what was invoiced during that time. And are we in the right ballpark now, getting those time periods to line up, that can be a trick, but, but are we generally within the right ballpark? And if not, then let's go figure out what's

Speaker 2  1:54:32
going on. Now, I'm not too worried about it. I so this is what I do, like every quarter. I'll just go through paying out for jobs, and I'll go, I'll spend, you know, maybe three hours going through that, and then I find something. I'll send a note, like I near the report, and I'll send it back to my secretary to look at stuff. And I do find a lot of things, right? But it's it. It's a monitoring. Device that I use. So that seems to work. So I'm not too concerned about what we just talked about,

Matthias Miller  1:55:10
okay, but there's a world in which a some kind of time period report, where you could do an equivalent P and L, some, some some version of A, P, L, this is how much labor we think we've got in it. This is, this is how much material we think we've got in it that could be useful for comparison or not necessarily.

Speaker 2  1:55:32
No, we do a valve per job, calls per job. We don't, we don't, we're just looking at an indicator, right?

Matthias Miller  1:55:41
Um, what about So you mentioned direct reports to billing. What is what is that? What are you? What are your thoughts there? And what does that look like? Direct report and billing? We talked about payroll, but what's the billing side of these things?

Unknown Speaker  1:56:02
And wasn't my customer,

Matthias Miller  1:56:06
I'm gonna guess that's what it is. It was on your checklist. I'm guessing it probably, yeah, progress, payments,

Speaker 2  1:56:16
yeah, no, it would be someone that jobs completed, right? So then we're going to need to have some kind of indicator that the jobs done, so that that entire packet of job, time, material, materials that we use, all kinds of manpower, subcontractor calls, all that stuff needs to get in for invoicing, so that we can invoice a job and review the invoice, or to grow cooler job costs. I think that's probably what that means. I think that's should be makes sense.

Matthias Miller  1:57:09
So what all is? What all is, I mean, is this as simple as a report or something or an email that says, hey, this job is done, but it wasn't, wasn't invoice yet, or is there more details that need to come out of come out of that, then it's ready to go?

Speaker 2  1:57:31
Yeah, I think it's just a checklist of the form and saying, this job done, okay, check mark or a check box, and this job is completed, so that our secretary knows to invoice the job. And then with that is you need to make sure we have all of the tickets from the asphalt plan. We need to have all the

Speaker 2  1:58:02
all the job labor, all their subcontractor sign off tickets, which is still paper. So we're still going to have to have some kind of paper trail. So, because a lot of people aren't digital yet, so so we'll have to have some kind of

Matthias Miller  1:58:24
data, a lot of that could be scanned in and attached to the job, if you so desired.

Matthias Miller  1:58:38
All right, well, I don't want to in nine minutes. I don't want to get into change orders. I wonder if we can, let's do this. Maybe Job Costing we covered profit per day calculator that's up in the air. I think that's you guys need to figure out what exactly you want. That, to me, has a ton of variability. Profit per day calculation you can't really do. You can't really do. You can only do for single day jobs. You need to know percent progress completed on any given job. Or, anyway, there's a lot of details in your end of what do you want

Speaker 2  1:59:09
out of that? That's yeah. That's, I mean, it's something we do. So it's Yeah. So you're already doing that. How important is it? Right?

Matthias Miller  1:59:20
So, you know, I'm sorry, what

Speaker 2  1:59:25
was that? I'm, we're I'm asking my health myself, how important it is, so got it?

Matthias Miller  1:59:34
Okay? Well, I mean, that's also math. How long is it taking you, and what value does it contribute, and what does it take to redo it? I Good? Well, we can let me know. Let me know if you want to. I'm happy to dig into that more if you if you want to. I think we've got plenty to do here, and I think profit per day is also very likely to be a. We can also roll out phase two, and it's probably like a change request.

Speaker 2  2:00:03
It's probably different next year than was this year, right? So we're not telling us figure out it's not. So that's just kind of got that far

Matthias Miller  2:00:16
invoicing. Okay, so here's, here's my, let's see. Let me. Let me see if there's any other quick questions I can grab here, I feel like I would, I would suggest we put on a time. When are you guys free next? Like, would you want to pick it up? I say this, maybe would you want to pick up again at at something like one o'clock, and we jump into change orders from the foreman and the oil index updates me today. Today?

Speaker 2  2:00:55
Yeah, I have a meeting, another meeting at 12 or one to two.

Matthias Miller  2:01:07
So what's your it's probably going to be, I don't know if it's 30 or 45 minutes for this. And then I don't know. It kind of depends what else surfaces. So we could also do something like a two or 230 depending on how much breathing time you want between or what are open slots for you. Let's start

Speaker 2  2:01:39
with that. I mean, I'm available this afternoon. I'm not available tomorrow, and nurse is not really a good day or so.

Matthias Miller  2:01:50
Yeah, I would, I would do today, if we can. So

Speaker 2  2:01:53
I'm available at 230 or three. I could probably take three o'clock or do between three and four.

Matthias Miller  2:02:00
Yeah, okay, do you have any All right, let's, let's, let's do it. We, yeah, let's, well, we'll, we'll take that. Tim will send out an invite to you guys. Good, awesome. Well, this is helpful here, appreciate you guys, and we'll talk at three.

Unknown Speaker  2:02:30
Thank you. Thank you guys. Yep. Thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai