Matthias Miller  00:02
So Tim and I are proposing that we change the proposal from being called a proposal to being a job and basically a lead. Would I mean we can labels on the main screens or whatever can remain unchanged the proposal is basically just a job between the time that you know the lead, you have enough information from the lead and you are ready to actually start doing the work. Do you guys have thoughts on using that as kind of the catch all term and terminology from where the entire project from lead to final invoicing.

Speaker 1  00:50
And just to clarify this change, so just to clarify this wouldn't change, like what we call the printout, it wouldn't change what you would normally refer to as a proposal. It would just be referring Cheney, what we call the screen that you look at when you're working on things.

Unknown Speaker  01:07
Those would be phase two, right?

Speaker 1  01:11
It would be with phase two that we would be we'd be making that shift just calling that whole page the job screen.

Matthias Miller  01:22
I I'm sorry. You're You're bit muffled. I didn't

Unknown Speaker  01:32
get that. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  01:47
I'm still having a hard, hard time understanding, seeing what you said. I'm sorry. I don't I don't know if it's not coming through very well. I

Matthias Miller  02:03
All right, little little bit maybe okay.

Matthias Miller  02:19
But yeah, we give it a shot. I'm not sure what you changed this morning. This morning there was a very clear shift when there was something that you changed in your end that really cleared things up, and I'm not sure what that was.

Unknown Speaker  02:44
So you haven't the hard time. You're nuts. Now,

Matthias Miller  02:47
that's, that is better. That is better. It's, it's been, the audio has been, had been coming through, but it was just really muffled or distorted.

Unknown Speaker  02:57
Yeah, it sounds like it's better known.

Matthias Miller  02:59
Okay, so your thoughts on so I didn't, I didn't catch, I didn't understand your, your feedback on what we what we mentioned,

Speaker 2  03:09
yeah, I mean, you're, you're talking about just this, the job screen. That would be for phase two. Buddy, that's correct. I

Matthias Miller  03:23
Yeah, so, so the thought was, so there's two directions we can go with this, just to give you a little bit more context of what we're thinking. So realistically, there's so much information, there's so much information that's derived from the proposal itself, that in some ways, it makes sense to just attach scheduling directly to that same screen and potentially hide certain portions of it, if, if it's too much noise after acceptance. So that's, that's the path that we're proposing. We could still take a different path of having a separate job record that ties back to the ties back to the actual proposal, and have it be a completely 100% different screen. But there's so much information that's shared between the two that in a lot of ways, it makes logical sense to if, if we can get the layout to work well for you guys to have that Just be a shared screen.

Unknown Speaker  04:38
You're, you're talking about phase two, right?

Matthias Miller  04:44
Yeah, I am talking about phase two. Correct, yes.

Speaker 2  04:49
So you're asking what, what is supposed to be called when you see the actual screens that I'm hearing,

Matthias Miller  04:56
yeah, that is, that is correct.

Unknown Speaker  04:59
Okay? Yeah. And why are you proposing that would be Colin,

Matthias Miller  05:03
we're proposing job. It's a term that we're currently using in the proposal screen at the moment.

Matthias Miller  05:22
Oh, open to other ideas.

Speaker 1  05:27
With nice, would it be good for like, for me to share, sure, share the screen, just to, to give example.

Speaker 1  05:40
So this is the the test system and the current proposal screen, and it has all the information for the lead and the atomization. This is what we have. You know what we built here in phase one, and for phase two, we'd be adding, essentially picking up from this point here, the job scheduling. We just have just the job scheduled start date for phase two. Of course, we'd be adding more job scheduling, the time tracking and all of that. So the two approaches Matthias was talking about were, one would be to add all of that stuff into this same screen down here at the bottom, and maybe hide some of the other things on the screen when we get to scheduling. So there's not quite so much busyness on this screen, but we keep it all on here, and we would call this the proposals, sorry, the job screen instead of the proposal screen. So that's, that's option, a that we're proposing. The other option would be to have completely separate screen that we work from once the job is awarded and this stays, we keep calling this a proposal screen, and move like the job scheme, we maybe move the job scheduling stuff over to the new job screen, and so you'd have two screens to manage, one for the proposal and one for the job, right?

Speaker 2  07:12
Yeah, I think I actually prefer option two, because it would change it up more I feel like. So this is actually where the seals got me marked, right here on the screen. And then once project has awarded, you have another page for the scheduling person to go to do his all his stuff, right, his column and other stuff. I would prefer that. I think that would be better, instead of have it all on one page, that's my fault.

Matthias Miller  07:55
What would be your thoughts if we if we had separate if you do different groups at different times, if the group would then could then be, if the job could be for one or several, or all of the groups. So if you do it at three different times, you might, you might have three different jobs for the same proposal.

Speaker 2  08:31
So this time the project was start, and then we would just stay on that project, because completed, sometimes we have to pull off. But I guess mythology once that projects awarded, then it would get into the scheduling bin, therefore that person would have access to that part of the system to schedule this project and then, like we have nine news for our, for example, our field employees to actually get on and Create a proposal, if that makes sense. Yep, yep.

Matthias Miller  09:27
Great. I think that's, I think it's makes sense. See,

Matthias Miller  09:48
would you flag the maybe we talked about this, the deposit received would still be flagged on the proposal. Correct?

Speaker 2  10:03
Yet would be that everybody could see that, right? So because it's important that, I mean number one, it's yes, Mayor sales guy's response doesn't always happen, right? So even though, as soon as we get to the positive, somehow, it may be recorded that we got the Republican Party, that's this sticky thing that I see. You know, Secretary, she gets a positive, she's gonna have to just probably mentally remember in a standard procedure that I calculated in this system check that there's nothing positive. If you don't do that, then everything else is going to be or not really opening period. Makes sense. I think at this point, for the positive we I think it's important everybody would see it, but there's still one person that's going to have to like, if we didn't get the positive within the last 10 days job schedule. Well, my Travis is going to say, Okay, right? So he's going to say, Never. Did not do that project to get the deposit, unless the sales with sales guy,

Speaker 1  11:53
yeah, so that does sound like putting the deposit received on proposal is the way to go,

Matthias Miller  12:01
final invoicing date, all the other invoicing stuff is currently or all of that type of stuff is currently on the proposal. To me, it makes sense to also put final invoicing date on there. We would just check to see whether the job has been completed. To say, this proposal needs final invoicing does that sound right to you, or do you have well, yeah, that's my proposal. What are your thoughts?

Unknown Speaker  12:27
Yes, finding more thing.

Speaker 2  12:42
The foreman would actually trigger that, right? Yeah, that would

Matthias Miller  12:47
the foreman would trigger it by marking the job as complete,

Speaker 2  12:51
yeah, right. And at that point, you'll get into the secretary, and she would invoice into QuickBooks. And then that process would be completed, job cost, or maybe the job cost will be automatically generated, somehow that are once we have it published, sure. Job, sure,

Matthias Miller  13:24
but I think, I think, I mean, therein is a little bit of the question of, mean, that can,

Matthias Miller  13:35
that, realistically, should be able to be generated either, either place. I mean, you have the job. If you're pushing time, the time information, across the QuickBooks, you can generate that QuickBooks. Or here, I mean, it's because we're already sending the stuff over. You should be able to just generate that QuickBooks if you want to.

Speaker 2  13:58
Yeah, well, the way we do it now, it's an Excel sheet. So we have an Excel sheet we would generate the time off of what we've got off the time cards. And then we have an Excel sheet that we get a job costs manually entering in the data.

Matthias Miller  14:19
Got it. So are you? You're not tying time entries in QuickBooks to the specific QuickBooks job. In this

Speaker 2  14:26
case, not not on QuickBooks. It's not accurate enough. So yep, because of variable things like QuickBooks, just what happens is, we may not have the actual invoice for that the vendor invoices for that job, we're ready to send this invoice out for the customer. So we don't actually have the actual data input books. So we go, we have, we haven't. We have a price list, what cost, right? And we use. Is the quantities that we use on the job by the price list, and then also we use the labor. Then we have a straight cost, whatever it would have cost us on average throughout the year use. That's the hourly cost that we used to figure out I made the cost So say, for example, right now our costs for this year, $37 per hour. So we would say $7 talking about X amount of hours that we use for this job, total. That's what it cost us. And then the material would be like a crisis that was that would be per vendor. So if we went to San Island Myers for this project, this is a type of material use we have that actual cost per ton. Would we take that cost per ton time with X amount of times that we use total number. And then that's how we do our job. Calls, pretty simple. And then subcontractor calls as well.

Matthias Miller  16:15
Okay, this is where I might have misunderstood. So in this particular case, you do want to track material and subcontractor costs within phase two so that you can generate that

Speaker 2  16:35
is that screen Share your process. Yep, seeing with billions,

Matthias Miller  16:48
that's right. I

Unknown Speaker  17:56
earn right

Unknown Speaker  18:02
so? What you're seeing here in the sale sheet,

Speaker 2  18:10
my address bills here, which can take them in the clear. And there's your sales rep left. Here's kind of a job, height, price per square yard that would be read three from Dollar, right? So we don't divide by exposure price. And then here in the middle we have our material, right so this is the total material cost for the job, right there. And the way we calculated that is the cost the material, the cost for our material we've got for the specific jobs we, for example, got this material I'm in this case, it looks like it could be multiple materials, so we added them up. They felt higher prices that we already have, and added that up here to do tons that's a little bit later. The same way, little later. Pause, right? This comes all the way down, so we can see here what our gross profit margin is for that job, right? This isn't totally 100% accurate, but it's close enough, right? This is what the percentage point reach for a larger fighter. Sometimes what happens is we can do this immediately, the single job done. We can do this if we want to use QuickBooks, we sometimes have to wait two weeks worth of. Weeks until our vendors actually send you actual invoice into us get this done, or we might say, Okay, we got payroll. We paid payday on Friday, and if we want to use QuickBooks, well, we got a week to the next pay period done, because it's actually not in QuickBooks until two weeks later, right? So this, this method, is so much easier now, and there's promising to use as QuickBooks. So this is what we use. It's a simple process. The only thing I would say, but that with your system, is we just have to give you the actual data of what our price list is and our cost per hour price, yeah, like, we have to give you that stuff this important, we just keep doing the same thing that you are here. The nice thing about what you're doing, if you do it, it would be almost automated. We would have to have a person normally stuffing but we might have to anyway, because of a subcontractor. Sometimes your system's not going to know what that cost is going to be. It's a subcontractor, right? But it might be no complicated for your system to actually recognize. Maybe this is a portion of the job, or we actually have to keep it manual, not sure, but this job cost is actually a pretty important factor, because we pay ourselves guys based off of this number, sure. So they get permission based off of this number, right here is there's profit target. That's how they get paid recognition, yep.

Matthias Miller  22:00
All right, so, I mean, I mean, the only answer to this is breaking it down piece by piece. So on the on the material side, does all the material always come from the same vendor? Or you might have different material from different vendors?

Speaker 2  22:19
No, we have different material from the vendors. Market share I have, I don't know if she does lose time on me, and I just read the song. So we have a set updates.

Matthias Miller  22:41
And but so some of them, so some of your some of it would come, always come from the same vendor. Some might come from what you might choose between vendors.

Speaker 2  22:53
Yeah, most times are between the same vendors. Now, somebody like Matthias from the actual vendor, so he would have to give that actual price per ton to colony, which does this job cost?

Matthias Miller  23:15
So that part's that part's relatively straightforward. The direct labors were pretty straightforward. Material and equipment hauling would be, I mean, you have sales items for is that that's the equipment. How do you how do you calculate those costs?

Speaker 2  23:39
Okay, so here is our place sheet, right? So this is what she goes also, this is not actual price for all right. So here you have this one, like, like, this is actually one of the seven gate point. But when we do the actual proposal, we just break it down to simple 19 Miller, meter, nine. You can have them in a 25 Miller meter, and I think it was the porch product. So there's only four different products in the actual estimated software. This is an actual everyday pricing from these vendors that we use all the time. So this is our actual prices that we need right here to do that job costs.

Matthias Miller  24:25
Do these? Do these correlate to the item codes that you have on the proposal? Yes. And does the cost, because we have a unit cost in the proposal, does that correlate to these prices or not.

Speaker 2  24:41
It did. However, maybe 10 can explain this. We were going to go, when we do the actual proposal on the pro estimator software, we're just going to have one price for 9.5 Miller meter. We're going to have. One price for 19 Miller meter and the one price for 25 millimeter. So answer your question, not exactly software, right?

Matthias Miller  25:14
Because, sure, so, so we need vendor specific costs for and how frequently do these costs change? Every month. Yeah.

Speaker 2  25:25
Mark said, We got update I got update this. I didn't update this at the top there because the price, or all price, didn't want to change in the last two months. Stuff. But usually this gets updated on a monthly basis, okay, material costs, the other stuff that usually could for the year, unless we get massive inflation, sure.

Matthias Miller  25:50
So, so if, when it comes to job costing, do you care about what point in time we actually freeze those costs.

Speaker 2  26:14
Well, it needs to be done when we do before we send the file anymore to the customer, because we want to review the process. And if something looks crazy, then we're going to look into it, not even see what happened with the job on the crazy. If maybe we had their reach on material, they would have things like that. So it's usually nice to see that before we actually send the inverse out. That's the final straw of sending the invoice out to the customer.

Matthias Miller  26:45
So you would, makes makes sense. So we could use the we could use the costs as of the final invoicing. Whenever you do the final invoicing,

Speaker 2  26:58
yes, yes. Cost needs to be done, okay and

Matthias Miller  27:12
me, but isn't, isn't this as

Matthias Miller  27:21
So there should be a process, if we were to move this into this system, there should be a process by which you say, I want to finalize costs. And I'm not saying like, I mean, just from, again, 10,000 foot view, I want to generate the final cost. Okay, great. Well, here's the problem. You could have gotten the asphalt from five different places. Where'd you get it from? Can you confirm, or, you know, fill in the blank, anything with with vendor variability you would have to define, or you'd have to specify, so that we know exactly what cost to apply to it?

Speaker 2  27:59
Yeah, so I can answer that question. So on our right now, the way we do it on our now, have to share screen. Can we have a sheet to the forum that looks just like this? Word for word, right? Everything that's on this sheet right here, word for word and Word says price, here it says quantity, right? So they'll fill in the blank, right? So that's how she does her job cost. So for example, item, I mean line 10, where it says 19, and then each feet deep, feet right? So if our job Foreman gets to the job, and we get from this plant 19 and then these people, he will put in his quantity right here, right he might say, I have 100 ton of this. This part puts it in there. Well, all she has to do is calculate $67.94 times the quantity. So all this is word for word throughout our whole system, into QuickBooks and whatever. Everything on this sheet is exactly spelled exactly like this. Yep. So and our change orders are exactly like this to everything wonderfully for alcohol system, the way we build now.

Matthias Miller  29:39
And apologize if people already gone over this. But is this okay? So Well, sorry, no, let me ask you like this. So the the

Matthias Miller  29:56
costing, I mean, ultimately, what you're looking to do. So is you're looking for the foreman to self report, self report to cost, and you're comparing

Speaker 2  30:10
if everything, if everything, would be entered incorrectly into a system that would probably be possible.

Matthias Miller  30:19
It should be possible to, if you take the variable pricing by vendor, it should be able. It should be possible just to look at the sales item codes on the proposal, and just grab the cost and add it all up, and that's it. Yes, okay, okay.

Speaker 2  30:36
Might be a little complicated to get it done, but I think it's possible you guys can do anything, right?

Matthias Miller  30:43
Well, you know, we used to have it say, we used to have it saying the question is not whether, the question is not whether we can do anything. The question is whether there's a check big enough to do anything, to do it the No, I mean, I think, I think if there's a,

Matthias Miller  31:14
I mean, it seems to me the only

Speaker 2  31:19
issue that I'm not sure about is if someone like Matthew gets a bid when he when he puts a job, you'll get a price from a vendor. And they might say, Okay, I need you need nearly 1000 ton of 19 Miller from this East peat plant. They might say, we'll keep you $5 off, so that at that point, this is going to be a false reading. So somehow system is going to have to know what that price was, because it's going to be a false reading if we give misinformation on here, that does quite a bit on the larger content.

Matthias Miller  32:06
So one option would be, when you generate the proposal to to be able to lock in a cost, a vendor and a cost, say, we have vendor X, who committed to give it to us for this amount,

Speaker 2  32:25
it would actually give us it. That would actually be great. And it would actually cause us a lot of pencil because I I see where Carni goes to Matt and says, Where's my price for this project? And they're back and forth. Well, if he would do that right up front, the work would be done. Yeah. The only problem is sometimes it could get two or three years to it two years you get the job, but then he has to also update that price at that time the final get the job with that final puzzle that he sends out based off that warning date variable thing there that I see like, complicated,

Matthias Miller  33:17
yeah, the main thing would be, I mean, what? One way to surface that is that, oh, I don't know, you could compare the current vendors cost against what was negotiated and show, you, know, an X dollar amount discount negotiated with vendors, something like that, where you could at least have visibility to I mean, if price goes up like crazy, you'll see a wild discount. Hopefully scratch your head and wonder why it's

Matthias Miller  33:54
there. Or,

Speaker 2  34:00
usually what happens is, if we I think, I mean, Matt's not here to tell them if I'm right at all, I don't do a lot of sales anymore. So usually what happens is, say, I would have did this project years ago, right? That vendor gave them their price for this material. And finally, they would say, Okay, you got the job, they would call me today and I would so I would go back to my vendor and say, What's my calls today now, right? So that point I might go back to your contract and say, Well, this is now my protest for material because they waited two years to get me their answer right? So that would all have to get updated that time at that final proposal.

Matthias Miller  34:50
Yep, which should do when you create a proposal, do we store the price at the time of proposal like wouldn't should? Should review pricing. Okay, you should review pricing anyway, two years later, that's fine, yeah, otherwise, you might get a small commission check out of that. Fair and so, I mean, it makes, I mean, that's that seems reasonable. It seems reasonable. You'd be able to update that. I think even, even if you go through the whole process and you change your mind and the vendor backs out, or you end up, for some reason, needing to get it from somewhere else, should still be able to say, Well, I actually ended up getting this material from this other place and ended up paying this much for it, or, you know, regular price for it.

Speaker 2  35:39
Does happen quite a bit. Actually. Get a pint that breaks down, or it can't take us for the day, or something like that. And that does happen and that, yeah, that's at that point. Then the system's not going to be accurate, you know?

Matthias Miller  35:58
So well that's almost where I almost wonder if, I mean, don't, don't you, at some point, isn't this getting close to Foreman's job? Like, dear foreman, we really don't know until the material gets here where it's coming from. And we think we do, but we don't know until it gets here, where it came from. It's your job. At the end of every single day. Did you get any, any of this material that comes, I mean, primarily asphalt, but any of this material that comes from multiple vendors? Hey, real quick. Where did you get this from?

Speaker 2  36:35
Yeah, and that's pretty clear, indicated for us, right? If we have that sheet here, like I'm showing you. They don't even have to explain to anybody it's on there. And then we have a blank line too, like, not nice one, but we have, sometimes we get from a vendor that no one is this, they can actually write it on there where they got it. So really, there's, they don't have to communicate at all with us. It's already there for us.

Matthias Miller  37:04
So the main thing would be giving your secretary a way to input this information, right?

Speaker 2  37:13
And she does a wonderful job like you know, sure to record this stuff with a great job with it, and no one ever done is working right? So if we make it too simplified, we'll be out of the job soon.

Matthias Miller  37:28
Well, so this is actually go ahead,

Speaker 2  37:33
but I'm not if we can actually automate this part of it or not. I'm a little skeptical, because there's, there is sometimes variables, like that instant where, okay, Matt would say, Okay, well, you want to get it from this quarry, and two days before we leave the job, or even that day, sometimes it will say, Oh, we broke down. Or we can't take it today because this and this and this. We got to go somewhere else. Well, then what? So are we going to get Matt kind of going and change everything in the system, or are we just going to run it through and have the secretary deal with that? Because when the job was done, the form is going to write on here where we got the material right?

Matthias Miller  38:18
Yeah. Well, I don't think two observations really quick rabbit trail. There's two things that you can do when people come up with ways to save time. Number one is you can load it with load them up with more work. Most people don't get super excited about that, which is why most people don't try to get better at their job. The other thing you can do is give them bigger, better problems to solve, and that's good for them and it's good for the company. So I would, I would just encourage the latter. Okay, now that we have that out of the way, I don't think the goal is automation. I don't think you can get automation. It's not that's not reality. Reality is not automation.

Unknown Speaker  38:56
Alert, no, not in this,

Matthias Miller  38:58
but the but the what is reality? Is like, the question I would ask is, what reporting becomes possible once it's all in this system, and is there enough value in that reporting to put in the effort to put it in here? So yeah. I mean, there are all kinds of interesting things that you can do. Of like, well, I would think there would be, I'm not sure exactly what all it is yet, but once you have all of these costs in here, like, well, I don't know now, I'm coming up empty on interesting questions to ask, but it does seem like you know, you can very easily create a view of of, I mean, you can wait until this stuff hits QuickBooks, but just from this system that you could very easily view of. Well, okay, here's one. You can build a report then. That generates the commission spreadsheet for each or the compensation, whatever, however that's structured for the sales people based off of this immediately upon completion. And it's all tied in, it's all tracked, it's all calculated. That's what becomes possible. It's stuff like that. Yeah.

Speaker 2  40:23
Yeah, but if the data is wrong, then it's all going to be wrong.

Matthias Miller  40:27
Well, if the data is wrong, that's right, which is still dependent

Speaker 2  40:32
on, is what I'm skeptical about, right? So, sure,

Matthias Miller  40:36
sure, yeah. Well, would you really make

Speaker 2  40:38
a good state, right? So like, you know, like, Connie can make a mistake too, and just like the system can, which I think is still like, where we're going to need her to actually work with the process just make sure it's correct.

Matthias Miller  40:59
Yep, and the only answer to that is checks and balances. And I think the only real answer to this is tying out vendor invoices once they come in, and cross referencing them and checking them off. And this really comes down to how accurate is good enough, and how much effort is is it worth it to get accurate numbers in here?

Matthias Miller  41:34
So I guess we need a little bit of direction. I would have taken it away from earlier today that we're looking more at just direct labor costs from phase two. If we do, if we do full costing in phase two, we'll need,

Speaker 2  41:55
I mean, I I honestly think, like the way we're doing this is, is pretty good. It's this is not our weak point. This job cost thing is not our weak point. This point, it's more so on upfront, like getting that proposal, when it's awarded, on the calendar, into the scheduling. That is, to me, is cumbersome, like just having the pictures in there, having the documents in there, for the forming and that whole time tracking thing. I want to simplify that. I want to focus on that this here. We can keep doing this the way we're going. It works and it's we have a good person doing it right. She makes very few mistakes doing this. Honestly think maybe this isn't even something we want to pursue at this point. That's just how I feel about it.

Matthias Miller  42:57
I am. I am 110% listen our lives are we are bombarded with so much stuff. I I can't imagine why anybody should be spending too much of their time into things that really are not consequential.

Speaker 2  43:13
And so the good thing is, the good thing is, now you're doing, if we're doing, if the toy we're in track, an employee's time. That's a radio, a time saver for Tommy. She's going to have accurate data of the hours that the person worked on that job. Right there are fingertips. She didn't have that. Now, it's on paper, and sometimes it's not correct. It's going to be correct now. So I think we're already ahead of the game. So I think at this point we kind of leave this I'm happy with the

Matthias Miller  43:53
way it is. A few more questions, I don't know, how much time do you guys have? Do you need to drop at the top of the hour? Do you have time past that?

Speaker 2  44:09
I'm good on the good to like 415 415 Okay, let

Matthias Miller  44:20
me just run through on the on the one call process. Is a reporter email preferable, like a report that you check, that that gets checked, you know, periodically, or is it preferable to have emails sent out when things need to be seen after?

Speaker 2  44:42
Um? I think, I think it'd be nice if he could have a report like Gary, you know, maybe once a week or twice a week, maybe Mondays and Thursdays, because he's part time. So we'd have report Mondays when he comes in and says. Is, these are jobs that are coming up next 10 days, right? And then maybe Thursdays, these other jobs come up that next 10 days, you know? And we have a so if we do that, like every three days, or every four days, you get a report. This what you have coming up. I gotta do my purpose, but instead of just getting bombarded with email every day, like get a report twice a week, that'd be better. Yep,

Matthias Miller  45:44
uh, adjusting times when the foreman needs to adjust times for the entire crew.

Matthias Miller  45:53
How likely? Okay, so here's a little bit of the is the backstory. We want to track time on a per employee basis, because somebody might normally be going with the crew, but goes off and, you know, gets pulled off and other stuff throughout the day, adjusting time for an entire crew. Hey, the the times are not going to be precise, because one guy might clock in before he gets his coffee and the other guy after. Can those, can those changes be made? So there's a few ways we could, well, there's a few questions. One, we can simplify development a bit if, if the foreman uses a there's a difference between the foreman using a computer to make those corrections or using a phone to make those corrections. How would those corrections typically happen?

Speaker 2  47:05
Well, usually the Foreman's, I think the foreman applying them, okay. I mean, they're not going to drag your laptop along the job, sure. So I would think that we're looking at a regular employee just using their phone and performance. It possibly they use the Taber right us here in the office, of course, desktops, that's that's kind of how I see it.

Matthias Miller  47:38
What are the types of scenarios when they want to change the entire crew from one thing to the other. Is it? We actually switched over to this job and nobody recorded it? Or every put, everybody put it in under the wrong thing. Or what are some examples of when that might happen? You're saying now, yeah, in real life

Speaker 2  48:03
doesn't happen to you all things, because we have, pretty much have our formants. You know? They know. They know how. I mean, if they don't, if it's not right, then it's going to get put back on their moment else. They learn pretty quickly that their time and reported properly, and they do now. They track everybody's time right. So if the time card don't line up with what's on the job sheet, they're going to get corrected by our office staff. That's how that's ready.

Matthias Miller  48:40
So if something crazy get happens, and I don't even know, I can't, I can barely imagine how this would even happen, but the whole crew switches jobs, and nobody thinks to update their time clock, or the or nobody fills it in correctly at the end of the day, or maybe it's the same customer. They grab the wrong customer number. There's two, two projects, I don't know. Is it fine to make the foreman go through and just direct those one by one for each of the crew members until, until everything's straightened out? Yeah.

Speaker 2  49:20
I mean, I'm sure the foreman is going to get tired out pretty quick. Seems

Matthias Miller  49:32
to incentivize things in the right direction. Yeah. I

Speaker 2  49:43
Now, if that happens Now sometime, I mean, I don't really think of an instance where that would have happened, but we would find that in job costs, right? So when that comes in, like, Yo, what's up with all this needs labor, which. It happened. I'll talk about his name on this stuff, right? So you go through and, like, find out that there were actually another job for a couple hours. You know, it doesn't happen often. It did or better, right? Does that? You know, we kind of have our targets where we want to get, keep our job and the other job that's like, you know, over, under. And what's going on here you can you can see that pretty quicker, yep, just another monitoring process. It's like you said earlier, how close do you want to be, right? If you have a tolerance zoom that you know you want to be give by these are all just metrics to kind of hold people accountable. I guess that makes sense.

Matthias Miller  50:50
Yep, understood. Question about the hired haulers. Are you guys? You guys just want to track the total number of hired haulers. Is there any reason why you want to track specifically which hired haulers you're using for the day.

Speaker 2  51:04
Well, they give us a pay to pick it. So that's all in the job ticket packet now. So we get a that we have to sign off on. So like, if I, for example, hired hauler, maybe it's hard all the number one, he was started 6am and he was signing out at three o'clock. What he would give the foreman a paper ticket and sign the former will sign his name, and they can get a copy of that ticket with material hours that he put it in order number two, same thing, right? Maybe he started at nine o'clock, only be talked out at four o'clock. Same thing, paper ticket Foreman sizes you can accomplish. And then that Foreman would take the total power trucks, and he would just add it into trucks. And all truck service, we don't really need to specifically see who hauled, because we already have a paper trail board, because we got a copy of it, okay? And then our secretary, when she goes to when she gets the vendor invoice, she'll actually see that, because every invoice that comes in is supposed to specifically per job, so she'll find that, based on the ticket was great

Matthias Miller  52:33
on the tablet for the for the Amish Guys, can you just let them choose their name? Or do you want to lock it down in any way, give them some kind of pin or something that they have to put in? Or how do you want that to work? Math?

Speaker 2  52:55
Maybe it'd be nice if they could. You know, when they get to their name, they're given the actual mm. Maybe a four digit PIN yourself, and they're in there, so we don't get anybody calling in, and we try to mess with other people time. Of course, Foreman can never revive that. Have some kind of put them there. Yep, often complicated, yep.

Matthias Miller  53:31
Understand downtime. The way I'm thinking about downtime is putting putting down, recording downtime as a specific start and end time tied to a specific job with the reasons that we talked about. The reason for doing that is so that you can see the clock time and also see the man hours for the downtime. And we would just, if we wanted to calculate man hours, we just cross reference it to who was working on that job over that time. Does that seem reasonable to you?

Speaker 2  54:06
Yeah, no, I like that comment on mine. Yep.

Matthias Miller  54:13
We are going to, we are going to need more details about okay, well, hang on so in QuickBooks, you're not mapping time to a job. Do you know if you're mapping them to a service item or a payroll item or both?

Speaker 2  54:30
Yeah, yeah. I mean, we're actually doing that like so every hour would go towards that job in QuickBooks, right? So I can pull up a crypto court now from last year, and it would show me like that dollar amount. Well, I could probably go into the hours too, but it was, it'll show me a PML per job. Okay, that's kind of line up with the. Costs, you know, probably usually within a percentage, pretty much. Off course, everything's correct.

Matthias Miller  55:15
Okay, so fair enough. And then do you know what what options are in the service items. So payroll item in my is payroll items, something like hourly, wage or overtime.

Speaker 2  55:29
Yeah, I can check all the money. And also, if I can, I think it's direct labor. Actually, it's direct labor labor, yeah, indirect labor is, you know, for office staff and expense.

Matthias Miller  55:57
Theoretically, we might want to map non shop time category, sorry, shop time categories to a to a payroll item, correct?

Speaker 2  56:13
Yeah, it'd be an overhead expense. It would be specific per job. So it would actually be, well, it's, if it's shop time, like we have a we have a shop

Speaker 2  56:41
mechanism worker. Working on, you actually put his arm towards machine learning. Actually there's classified towards that actual machine.

Unknown Speaker  57:01
So after local nine on the planet, you see how that would

Matthias Miller  57:21
Okay, well, let's, let's, in the interest of time, if you can again, any more details, list of service items, listed payroll items, how to, how to handle mechanic time. Having that details, we might have to circle up later this week to get some of those details nailed down the change orders when the foreman requests a change order while the crew is out there, what does that look like and what all needs to happen with that? Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  57:59
So standard procedure now is, is like this, so we would

Speaker 2  58:09
have no sales parsing. Estimator doesn't dependent on customer signing off, and we go do the project. And for some reason, we had a change order. Then Mr. Foreman's responsibility to talk to the customer and say, Okay, we got to change area. And Foreman then has the right to make a decision either a I'm going to do this change over myself. I'm going to call the sales person that did the initial bid, and I'm going to get him the change so if the farmer decides I'm going to do the change order, then he needs to do the changing order come up with a price I'm truly doing priceless, and he needs to have a signed change order. And if he does that, he gets commissioned for that chain of orders, right? If, for some reason, he says, No, I want a sales person to do that, the sales person, he needs to come up with a signed change order. If he gets assigned change order, he gets permission for not put just one. If he ever gets assigned change order, gets permission for the top here. If we don't get assigned change order, nobody gets permission for the product. That's how it's planning for sleep today.

Matthias Miller  59:43
Okay, so, so Can, can we just have the, I mean, does the you guys have portable printers and stuff like that to get the signature, or it gets sent out for esign? Get your or when they're out on the job. How does that

Speaker 2  1:00:03
so those times of sales guys are in the office late, so they'll do it off of the system that we used. The foreman has a paper tablet card and copy that he will calculate manually, office, priceless. Jot it down at nine months of the cost scenario, get signature. My customer needs a copy.

Matthias Miller  1:00:36
Okay, so is there anything special that needs to happen with with these I mean, it's something,

Speaker 2  1:00:43
no, I think, I think the only thing that I would like to see is that the foreman would possibly have access to the estimating solver and be able to do a change order that way. I don't know if it talked about that. I it

Matthias Miller  1:01:03
had come up in the conversation with you and you and Alice earlier, which is why I brought it up. I mean, it seems to me, you know, back to the napkin at four or three on a Tuesday afternoon that the you can just give them access and should just basically work and tell him not to do anything crazy that he shouldn't, and teach him how to use it, and everything's fine.

Speaker 2  1:01:28
Yeah, yeah, that's right. So, and if Yeah, they they basically just need access to gender but helping. I mean, I don't think why are they going to mess up, right? It's pretty tight thing. But no, I think that would be my reason to kind of give them access with a tablet to do a change alone.

Matthias Miller  1:02:01
Okay. So then the other question was the auto updating the oil index, presumably. So first of all, from a business standpoint, how does that reach the how does that reach the office when that changes is that on the paper as well,

Speaker 2  1:02:25
not priceless is supposed to get updated monthly, just like, like you with with the job costs. So that's my responsibility every month, beginning of the month, to change the price list, Power App, maybe QuickBooks, job, cost, sheet and cheap appears to the points. That's actually my responsibility at this point.

Matthias Miller  1:02:50
So could,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:55
and it's a no process, sure, but if we could make it that

Speaker 2  1:03:02
we could just put it in. Would it be nice if we just change it in the estimating system and then it will change everywhere? That'd be really cool. Just have one place to enter in, instead of four different ones I could leave now. So

Matthias Miller  1:03:27
well,

Matthias Miller  1:03:39
it's I feel like I'm I'm a little bit of a disadvantage here. So how is that currently? Is it, I mean, that would be on the proposal currently? And how does that get entered in at the moment? Or no, that does not how did that show up on the proposal at the moment,

Speaker 2  1:04:03
the oil index, just think about it as it's a separate the oil index number is actually a separate thing from the price. The oil index is what drives the per ton liquid on price for the material. So the wall index indicator. So right now, I think it's buzz, 6628 628, so it's an indicator on the actual proposal that says that's the all index and the monster now it could be 6/50 so that's going to change the price at liquid oil per ton. And every mixture of black top has a different oil to spend ratio, right? So. Some materials might have more oil than other materials. So it's going to vary on depending on what material it is. Also going to vary depending on what required come from, because some quarries have a higher density than other parties. So for me, I just I asked for pricing every month. Beginning of the month, I asked for updated pricing based off of that order events, and then I just go down my list and I change prices for all the items for that month. That's my process. Now, when we have a pretty cool calculator that we that we get, that we've made off of Excel, which we think, I think we gave to Tim that we use. And if we do a project that the oil index is 628, when we bid it, and it might go to 700 when we do the job. So we would get, we have a calculator that we have, and we get the spec sheet from the actual vendor, and we put it into that calculator, and it gives you the cost difference, what it is an hours and what it was then. So that's how we handle it. That's how we change that, or on the next that's that's the same way that does the job cost. She's responsible for that as well. Sounds pretty complicated, but how we do it? Yeah, I know Tim was we, Tim was we had the same conversation with Tim right then we little hard for you to understand, but it's that, that's the process. It's not these price lists that we have in here. Is a cost per ton, but the always calculated differently. It's a liquid ton that's actually in the product of that tongue

Matthias Miller  1:07:09
that makes sense, and variable by product by query, like you said, makes sense. And so is there anything? Is that? Will that will that just remain part of the Excel job, costing in the invoicing process as it stands? Is there anything that you're hoping to do within the estimator, within phase two with that?

Speaker 2  1:07:35
I have a question for Tim. Did we what did we do with that? Did we do anything with that?

Unknown Speaker  1:07:42
With the with the oil

Unknown Speaker  1:07:43
index, yes.

Speaker 1  1:07:48
So we have, currently, I'll just share my screen quickly. Here. I

Speaker 1  1:08:03
um, we have for the sales items. Actually, side note, we just imported your sales items in today, so the list in here would match what you should match what you have in power app. But for material, here we have, here's your 12.5 millimeter, and it says it includes a PA oil index. It shows what was last set as the oil index, but now it says it's out of date. We can update it. It shows here in this display name, but it doesn't directly impact the price, right? Yeah, so it'll you can see what it is for this, for the price. Now, I just updated this. So in real life, you would presumably want to come and update your cost.

Speaker 2  1:08:57
That's the item list, that's right. So we don't have that actual calculator in the system, right?

Speaker 1  1:09:06
No, I don't think we ever talked about having an oil index calculator.

Speaker 2  1:09:11
I don't think we didn't either. Because I think when we update a proposal, if somebody said had a proposal two months ago and wanted to update to a new all index, we would just revise the quote based off of the prices. I believe that's how we've had it

Speaker 1  1:09:27
right and overall, then I was gonna

Unknown Speaker  1:09:30
say over on

Speaker 1  1:09:33
the proposal, we do show, we show the current oil index, and you can override it if you if you want to do it by state or a different amount. But again, this does not directly impact the proposal price.

Speaker 2  1:09:51
Yeah, so that's your question. I said we would probably not put the calculator in the maintenance stand with the jobs call. Process probably makes sense.

Matthias Miller  1:10:12
All right, let me just see what other stuff we can knock out before next minutes.

Matthias Miller  1:10:26
At some point, not now, in the future, we need to know how exactly you want to display prevailing wages on the actual PDF of the proposal. See, you mentioned trucks, and

Speaker 2  1:10:41
you're saying as far as the display comparable to the customer, Yep, yeah. Well, that's pretty simple. Actually, good. I think, like right now, Nazi will actually just have a line item that you can click on to include the rating wage. So I think if we would just have an x and a box with a check mark, if you would check that box, it would automatically come on the proposal as this JavaScript, and then it would display on the proposal, on the work order throughout the project.

Matthias Miller  1:11:34
And would the would the wages be, I mean, the would the rates be shown in the proposal as well?

Speaker 2  1:11:39
No, no, the rates has found it to lump sum right now, somewhere you're going to display it, once you pick the actual payroll, you know, somewhere there you're going to see it, yep. Now it may, it may show up on the block order, that's fine, but it doesn't.

Matthias Miller  1:12:14
And you're trying, you're tracking trucks and trailers, but there's not really any other equipment you're looking to track. Is that correct Mike in what way?

Unknown Speaker  1:12:28
No, like in what's assigned a job,

Matthias Miller  1:12:33
what's Yeah, correct,

Unknown Speaker  1:12:35
oh, yeah, but the crew is

Unknown Speaker  1:12:36
talking trailers and equipment. Yeah. I

Matthias Miller  1:12:57
All right, I think, I think this is good enough. We're not here for 100% perfection. We're here to get 90% of the way on on all this. I do think, I do think we do. I do think we need more details on the QuickBooks, payroll and so the service items, payroll items, and how that relates. And so if you could get that over to

Speaker 2  1:13:28
us, I'm looking here. So office staff is called indirect labor, and then anything outside the office is called direct labor. It can be towards the job or shop time. That's why I'm sitting here.

Matthias Miller  1:13:48
Makes sense. So that could be on a per employee basis, yeah? Well, I mean, really, anything from coming from the system is going to be direct labor.

Speaker 2  1:13:57
Yeah, the only indirect paper we want to cover it be, if it's there would be expense, would be office expense, like more salary versus salary, not sales values. That's it. That's in today.

Matthias Miller  1:14:10
And I guess it would make sense for them to Yeah, okay, fair enough. Yep. I

Matthias Miller  1:14:23
And then what about the

Speaker 2  1:14:27
service items? Service items, we're looking at construction materials, cost. We're looking at construction materials, put the calming Reynolds switch out expenses. Of contractor.

Matthias Miller  1:14:49
So is there a single one that all of these would get pushed into, or does that vary based on

Speaker 2  1:14:54
Well, that's what. So maybe verify certain items just a little bit for.

Matthias Miller  1:15:12
I'm I'm sorry I didn't catch what you said.

Speaker 2  1:15:15
Yeah, can you clarify what you're looking for in service items?

Matthias Miller  1:15:20
Yeah, so QuickBooks lets you tie out time tracking to a service item. It's it's a list. It's one of the lists in QuickBooks somewhere. And the question would be, are you currently tying out your time to service items or not, or is that just left blank?

Speaker 2  1:15:36
Not a lot. For the most part, they're all service items. So every item that we have, we have certified March. I'm welcome here into this. So if it says type, it says service item now, so

Matthias Miller  1:16:02
then would you be able to pull up a couple time cards or something and see timesheets or and See if entries get tied out to that? Currently, I

Speaker 2  1:16:44
Yeah, yeah, even job, labor versus service item, right? So we have it all in this service

Matthias Miller  1:16:53
that's, that's the part. Okay. Would you want to keep shop time in the Job, Job, labor, service item? Or would you yeah that, yeah. Okay, fair enough. And so the main thing that we would have to do then is map jobs in here to jobs in QuickBooks that you have your your job costing you. Said that everything else gets is super. I think it's super. It's not quite straightforward. I'm gonna have to take, we'll have to dig just a little bit more, but that's that's all for now. You give us a chance to usually it's about a week on our end before we can get all the eyes out and T's crossed and get everything put together in order that gives us a good enough ballpark, and at that point, we'll be you should hear from us within For sure, by middle or end of next week. Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:18:04
Okay, sounds good. All right,

Matthias Miller  1:18:08
sounds good. Well, I appreciate it, and we'll, we'll work on this, and we'll, we'll be in touch. Let us know if there's anything else that comes to mind that you think would be helpful for us to know.

Speaker 2  1:18:20
Okay, thank you. Good evening.

Matthias Miller  1:18:23
All right, thank you, Egypt, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai