Speaker 1  00:00
Good afternoon. This is Lauren. Hey, Lauren. This is Matthias. Matthias, how are you doing? I'm well, how are you doing?

Speaker 2  00:09
I'm fine. Thank you. We're having a beautiful afternoon. It's warming. It warmed up and the sun is shining.

Speaker 1  00:17
That's on. Well, that's wonderful. We've got a we got probably, I don't know if it's in the in the upper 60s here, or something like that. Oh, wow. Shade of the sun, but yes, wow. I've been taking all the sunshine and outdoors I can get.

Speaker 2  00:33
You know, I need as much vitamin D as I can absorb. And, yeah, we were having winter. I mean, the ground is white. It's, it's when I say it's warmer, it's, you know, it's just above freezing, but, yeah, the sun is nice.

Speaker 1  00:50
Yep, understand, it's a little different world where you're at.

Speaker 2  00:55
So Well, where do you just, just, just a random question, your my phone says, Colorado. Are you in Colorado?

Unknown Speaker  01:04
Yes, I am. Okay.

Speaker 2  01:07
So you would have a drier climate and probably quite a bit of sunshine.

Speaker 1  01:10
Yeah, drier climbing a lot of sunshine, right where we're at. It's pretty mild. You know, 300 days of sunshine a year. Snow, Snow is typically gone by the next day. It's rare that it's hangs around for a week, but it's happened in

Speaker 2  01:23
the last time I see Yeah,

Speaker 1  01:28
and I think the dry makes it makes the cold more tolerable. But that's I'm getting older and I'm getting a little wimpier, so that's probably why

Speaker 2  01:37
I understand. I there's something about like, we have minus 40 pretty well every winter. So that's cold, but like, if I go visit my family in the east, like in Pennsylvania, oh my god, so damp. You know it just, yeah, my that really, it just goes right to the pain.

Speaker 1  01:56
Yeah, exactly. Good. Well, catch me up a little bit. What's what's been happening for you? Over there, up there, sure, sure.

Speaker 2  02:07
Great question. I'm trying to remember when we last spoke, was it about August or July?

Speaker 1  02:13
I want to say, I mean, it was somewhere in that ballpark. I don't have it right in front of me, but nothing like that.

Speaker 2  02:19
Yeah. So we've had a very strong year. I would say, I mean, year over year. I don't have my QuickBooks in front of me right now, but, you know, it's been a very good year. We've had growth. We have orders going into the winter like we're still working on orders. So, you know, it's been a, it's been a very good year. One of the things that I would definitely credit with that is our shed pro website and Google ad campaigns. You know, it's not an overnight thing, but I think as that takes and by the way, I mean, I'm not spending a lot on Google ads, where it might be 400 a month, or you're kind of just entry level, the minimum to get started. But we have definitely seen sales because of that.

Speaker 1  03:12
Yeah, well, and where you're at with the competitive landscape that you've got, it's it doesn't take much, and you're going to get a snowball effect with getting reviews and other stuff like that. So, hats off.

Speaker 2  03:25
Well, it was, it was a stop of faith. You know, when you're, I don't know how to say when you're a little dog, your little guy, you know, you're poor. You know, it's hard to, it's hard to start these big things that are commitments, you know, you know, 1000s of dollars every every year, just for the you know, managing it, right? But once you take that, once you take the plunge, it does seem like it pays.

Speaker 1  03:50
Yeah, well, and not everybody, I'll be completely honest, not everybody's as fortunate as you are, okay? But I've heard a lot of people be, be much less pleased with their outcomes, but so like you, but, but across the board, yes, it's, it's Google ads. Works in this industry. It works. And if you got somebody who has, who has some knowledge about what they're doing, 100% Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 2  04:20
Now, of course, the flips are the I don't know what you want to say, but so my direct competitor here copies everything I do, it seems. And guess what website he has? You know, he signed up with shed Pro as well, and that was a bit of a disappointment. But, yeah, hey, I guess it's a free world. What do you do?

Speaker 1  04:43
Well, I mean, and I think the only, I don't know, I'll just share this lesson from the last few months. But there's a lot of people who are, no matter what scale are, whether it's startup or. Or up from there, they're they got a problem, rolling up their sleeves and doing the work. And if you can just show up consistently and do the thing that needs to be done, it's pretty incredible. What can, what can happen just out of that and and if you want to get more, more strategic than that, you know, not every, not every differentiator, is public. So there, that's when putting some of the internal systems in place and other things like that that can really help,

Speaker 2  05:31
help as well. You know, that's something that I feel like I'm coming to understand more. You know, I have to make, I don't know how to say it. It feels like when you make $1 then, then you have this drive to make another dollar. Or, you know, or maybe another way to say would be that, you know, I realized that over the years, I have not managed everything as well as I should have. Like, for example, maybe I'm selling building materials to my neighbors or something, and, you know, just not making the margin that I should be. And when this has really gotten a hold of me, that I need to, I need to make $1 I mean, of course, don't get me wrong, there's a time to help people. But if in the skin, when we're talking about actual, you know, business, we need to make money on every part of our operation,

Speaker 1  06:25
yep, yes, and then understanding what's, what is, what is business, and knowing that that's not there for charity, but understanding that you do ministry and you help people outside of that, And it does, sure allow you to do that, but it's helpful to know we're not Jesus and we're not here to save the world, but we're here to do our part.

Speaker 2  06:47
Well, you're right. Matthias, can I? Can I put you on hold for just a sec? Absolutely. I'll be right back to saying,

Speaker 2  07:26
sorry about that. I'm back again. Not a problem. Just had a neighbor stuff in here. So anyway, you know, I agree with you, we're not Jesus. I mean, there's these things, like, there's these people we want to help, right? But when you know, when we're in the marketplace, we have to be profitable. Yeah, one of the things that I so what's new here, you know, up to this point. So I'm kind of the jack of all trades around here. I do all the delivering, and all the book work, and you know how it goes when you're a startup. But one of the things that I'm looking forward to is upgrading my delivery equipment. So we've been building larger buildings this year. I'm not sure what all has driven that? Maybe the Google Ads partly. But, you know, larger garages like we sold, we sold about four, you know, let's say $20,000 garages. And there's a, there's a unique profit potential in something like that. It's a larger building, but it doesn't really take, you know, it doesn't take that much time to build. It's just like, you know, a couple sheds for the, you know, the value of several buildings, and it takes, you know, the time of two buildings to build. Let's say, Yep. So that's, that's that was very profitable and but the challenge is that I don't have the, I don't have the equipment to deliver them. So I'm hiring, I've been hiring another fellow to do that. And you know, you can imagine the other stresses that go along with trying to schedule. And you know, when he's a couple hours late and my customers saying, Well, where are you? And you know, I don't know either where he is. Anyway, I have a unique opportunity to buy a truck. It's a freight liner truck with a Pine Hill trailer and a mule. It's a package of three pieces, and it's actually here in the province. And so that's what I'm what I'm gearing up to do here. And I'm hoping that that would give me, you know, really give me the opportunity to build, you know, to focus on building larger buildings, if we can also deliver them ourselves.

Speaker 1  09:48
Yep, makes sense. I have just a little side note just to affirm that I've one of my, one of my former clients, they kept, they kept getting out to the delivery driver for better to. Dedication, and he simply didn't want to do it. And it finally got to the point where, I mean, the numbers just made a lot more sense, plus actually having control of the process and making sure customers are taken care of. I I totally get if you can, if the numbers work on the investment and and there's a lot of, there's a lot of benefit in doing that,

Speaker 2  10:26
yeah, well, it's true that I like, I feel like I realized that there's many, many people who sub out all the delivery, but for me, when I deliver, that's my touch with the customer, and it's my one opportunity to let a good impression. You know, I want them to be happy, and I'm very, very slow to put that into other people's hands.

Speaker 1  10:47
Yeah, it's, it's the emotional peak of the entire buying experience.

Speaker 2  10:51
You're right. You're right. And again, I say that, realizing that many, many people don't do their own delivery. I mean, I get that, but for me, that's still important to me, if I can do that,

Speaker 1  11:02
yeah, I get it makes sense to me and understand why people do it differently. It makes a lot of sense

Speaker 2  11:09
to me. So we're talking about systems and processes, and that is something that, you know, I really feel like I do need to improve on. It's a weak link. Tell me more about you know, what you're offering in that regard?

Speaker 1  11:22
Well, so it's a little bit that's a pretty big question. I mean, so what I'm offering in that regard? I've helped you tell I'm struggling to answer your question. I've gotten my hands in a lot of different different aspects of the systems and processes, anywhere from CRM implementations to all the way to more of your manufacturing software and the back in management and all of that kind of stuff, the way I would always approach it is, there's, there's a few different places I would look number one, where, Where is the where is there? The most, oh, what's the word? I want to say slush, but that's not the right that's not the right word. But like, Where's, where's the where are the things slipping, slipping, most insecure, you know, sloshing around. And whether that's and there's two angles that I would look at that from one is from a profitability standpoint. So where do you know for sure? Where are you are you making most of the opportunities that could be making you money? Are you spending? Are you losing leads in the pipeline, for example, that have high buying intent. Are you following up with that? If most of your are your Are you staying on top of building and material prices, where you need to be? Are you staying on top of overhead? Is general profitability? Are you happy with your profitability numbers. Are there places, are there products that you know you're losing money on? Are there people that are on your team that aren't pulling their weight and you've been procrastinating doing anything about it? So that's kind of on some of the financial side. And then the other side is, what are the stuff? What's, what's the stuff that just keeps coming at you time and time again, and I don't know, it's hard to get this, it's hard to get things right. You're, you're doing, you're having to do some kind of rework, or customers, are, you know, are you? Where are things falling through the cracks? Where things treating stress for you, that's finding the top one or two items on either side of that is kind of where it would start, and then drill down on what? What does it take to actually fix the problem?

Speaker 2  14:18
Well, that those are all very good questions, you know, for me to answer them, obviously, this is kind of knee jerk. You know, what comes to mind? It's not, you know, careful, calculated, but one of the things so as far as like rework, I feel like I do a poor job of communicate. I mean, how do I say this? So if you have a custom building, just communicating all the details to some to the customer, like, we had a couple custom projects now, like, I'm terrible at drawing, but I have a fellow here. Working for me, who's actually really good at that. He was a, he's a structural engineer, no, sorry, a mechanical engineer. And so he, this is his background, and he, you know, he drew sketches of these different projects. The downside is that it takes him quite a bit of time because he does such a good job. But the upside is that, you know, the customers just love that. And I realized that, you know, that's where the configurator would really be helpful. Everybody that buys a building could visualize what it would look like. Now, is it costing us money? You know, I don't know. I mean, our D configurator would be great, but are we losing money because of that? I'm not sure. In terms of like, profitability, my heart tells me that we make good profit on the larger buildings, but we probably don't make what we should own, the small buildings, let's say like chicken coops. Again, I guess I need to do some time studies again to see how much time it's actually taking us. But I feel like, you know, I feel like my delivery costs are never captured in what I charge for delivery, some of that has to come from the building, which I'm sure you're familiar with that, but you know, again, like a 10 by 16 shed, there's just more profit there to go toward that. That sunk delivery cost versus a little chicken coop.

Speaker 1  16:39
Yep. And your average miles are probably higher than than most, if you just did a full average of shed company.

Speaker 2  16:49
Oh, I think that my average delivery, you know, is probably

Speaker 1  16:54
100 miles, right? Yep.

Speaker 2  16:58
So, you know, delivery is a big deal. I mean, it's a it's a huge expense. Yeah, in terms of the things that I'm just, what I really need to do is hire a fellow Well, I say what I really need to do, one of the things I need to do is I want to hire somebody who could manage the building so that I could spend more time on on on book work and management and delivery and these other things that that I enjoy doing and spend less time managing the nitty gritties of the building. Yep, it's not that I don't mind. I mean, I'm glad to help build, but for me to have to micromanage all of that, it just gets to be too much.

Unknown Speaker  17:45
Yeah, under understand. So, so what?

Speaker 1  17:58
Where, if you, if you had a yet, a guy in your corner with a little bit of a fractional CFO brain and a bit of a systems brain, is that, is there world in which I can help you, in any way move forward towards that I or

Speaker 2  18:19
here's Yeah, here's the question, what would it take? What would it take to have a system and, like, like, a software system in place so that when I create an order, you know, like, I have this vision where the customer would get an email of what their order looks like, and, you know, part way through the process, they would get another email saying that you know your building is in progress, and when we're ready to deliver. I don't know if you follow what I'm going but it feels like this person, we tax that person, we email this person, we call. And after you got too many people on the in your like my brain can keep track of everybody? Oh, yeah for sure. But maybe, like, I don't know if is that? Is that even feasible for somebody that's selling 100 buildings a year? Let me see. I

Unknown Speaker  19:25
I don't know what's the probably depends. Probably depends a,

Speaker 1  19:37
I mean, it depends a little bit just, I mean, just straight up talking numbers, it depends a little bit. Numbers depends a little bit on whether you are paying yourself out of out of profit, or whether you're paying yourself a salary, and what, what your capacity is to invest in growth. I it. And it also depends a little bit on so this is just my awareness of of the software in this space. You know, sheds. Shed suite is kind of the the first mover advantage, I would say. And from what I can tell, probably had some of the largest market share, okay, in software the and I know there's a lot of satisfied customers. I know there's there with everything. Not everybody's happy with with what they've what they put out, what they put together. Shed app tends to be used in my from my opinion, in you know, higher end companies who care about high end image really pushing quality, and that's kind of they charge based on revenue. There's a lot of people who don't like that pricing model. They want, they like, to be viewed as a growth partner. Oh, yes, and so, but got a number of, actually, all of it, all the clients I've worked with have at some point used it. Some of the some of them have the one has moved away to a system they actually built for themselves, which I don't recommend for you. Then there's also, there is stuff like shed Pro, and I'm not super familiar with what all they offer. I also know my shed has been super hungry to grow. Yes, my limited experience with them is that you're going to have to hold their feet. I hope I'm saying this in fairness and honesty. I think it's run by great hearted Matthew's got a great heart visionary, but sometimes you have to hold their feet to the fire to get get what you actually need. So if you're timing about, if you're timid about pushing for stuff that you need, you're you're not gonna, you're probably not gonna be happy with the experience. But I do think that if you, and I'm not scared of doing this, and so I think, I think if you just lean in and make sure that if you're willing to lean into the process, I think they'll be responsive to that, from what I could tell. But I don't have a ton of experience that way, so one way to help would be to I've done this in the past for other other clients, which is just helping them walk through walking walking through demos with each of the each of the people, each of the companies, get a little bit of a sense, figure out kind of what scope and requirements are, what things you're looking for, what's important to you, and then making, helping, helping, make that, that selection, or you can just straight up do it on your own. I don't know. I can't tell you. So I can tell you, based on what I've observed, is that a 3d builder with Google ads? Typically does. It's obvious you're attracting higher end clients from Google ads. And I would also think that those people would have benefit and see benefit and value in in visualization, and once you have that, tying it into a CRM and setting up automation to let people know when, when things move through the system, is 100% doable, I Think I'm not sure about so probably this is way too much information. Most I built an integration with the shed app with the CRM, but shed sweet and my shed have have CRM integrations as well, so

Speaker 2  24:19
I don't know that's what about, yeah. Tell me just one question about the 3d configurator. It would seem to me that the that it would pay for itself, or, in other words, I'll say it this way, my I would picture where, you know, you put the base price of the shed where it needs to be, and then you charge, you know, what's the word you charge properly for the upgrades. And I think that, you know, if I was building a shed on a 3d Configurator for myself, you know, I would, I would buy

Unknown Speaker  24:52
upgrade, yeah.

Speaker 2  24:56
And I think that, I think that that would push the ticket price up on. Buildings that are, you know, designed that way.

Speaker 1  25:03
Yeah, and I've not seen, I've not personally seen in competitive markets where you can sell them straight up right off the configurator. I've seen it in non competitive markets, but, but like you said, and especially if you got a, if you got a salesperson in the mix, picking them up and talking them through it. And what do you what are you using it for? Well, have you considered putting, I mean, let's throw in a ramp. Let's, let's, can we have a roll up door? Can we, I don't know, like, have you, let's make your life easy for you and and if it fits in their budget, you can a good salesperson. Can certainly take their 3d design and go up from there.

Speaker 2  25:48
Well, tell me more about the CRM like, this is something I've been thinking about for a long time. What would you like? Where would you start with CRM?

Speaker 1  26:01
So generally speaking, most of the, there's a lot of the CRMs, a lot of the software companies in this space are using high level, which is also the which I'm I'm also a reseller for, and, okay, the other predominant one that people are using is HubSpot. There's a few differences between the two. And basically, basically, HubSpot is your stable. It's the stable, steady, big brother and high level is lower price, generally sold by affiliates and resellers, and under very heavily, very heavy investment dollars from from venture capital and rapid growth, and so a lot of a lot of feature development on an ongoing basis, sometimes not like to be completely honest. Well, no, I mean, it's a trade off. You don't you have new feature development. There's sometimes instability and outage. For sure. Yeah, that do happen. It's kind of a you can move fast and break things, or you can go slow and be careful, and that's, that's kind of how we compare and contrast, but, but it's not like once. It's not like either one. You can take either one to if your market again, if your if your market supports it, you can take either one up to 10 million. It's not, it's not like, what one's gonna get you there, and one can't.

Speaker 2  27:50
Well, this is great, and this is something that you could help. You could sell high level to me. And would you help me get that set up and, like, teach me how to use it? Or, yeah, I could do that. What would be like? Tell me how you what, like, What's the charge? Is it monthly? Is it annual subscription?

Unknown Speaker  28:15
It's, it's monthly. I have not. I've only done this for

Speaker 1  28:24
clients integrating with Shut up, with fairly custom integrations, and I've been charging them 900 a month with where you're at in the business. I'm just gonna be straight up honest, I don't think there's that much value in it for you. Plus, plus, unless you're integrating with setup, you don't need that, that portion of it, and what I've done, and I think this depends really how much support You need on an ongoing basis, but I would, I probably want to scope out just, well, it depends a little bit where, where do you How much work do you want to do in the setup, and how much work do you want somebody else to just go set it up for you? I think that's, that's a little bit of the question, and it's anywhere from, from maybe a grand or two to really get the ball rolling. And you know, if it's full on, do everything, sure, and depending how far we go, you can easily get 10 to 20 grand into and if you, if you're all the bells and whistles and all the marketing emails and all that stuff. So I would be, I don't know, are you? Are you the only salesperson at this point?

Speaker 2  29:53
I have a couple. I have a couple of dealers. But as far as any sales that aren't through. Dealer, Yes, it's me.

Speaker 1  30:01
They're independent dealers. That's right, yes. So what I've done in similar situations is, is 297, a month. And if, if at the point where we need to integrate with something like shut up, or we need to and, or, or you add a couple sales people or other things like that, where you're, you know, let's, let's talk, and have a come up with a fair rate at that point. I don't see a reason to, yeah, anyway, yeah.

Speaker 2  30:39
Well, I think this is something I want to think about more. Winter is my time to regroup and refocus. And, you know, what can we fix? What can we improve in? And, you know, we've been so busy that we're still busy, like we just haven't even had time to, you know, catch up on things. So, you know, it'll be at least a month before you hear from me, but this is definitely something I'll put serious thought into.

Speaker 1  31:07
Okay, sounds good. And yeah, I'm excited to hear hear the progress, and looking forward to staying in touch.

Speaker 2  31:15
And yeah, if I could, if I could just text your brain about one thing yet, what about ERP software? The guy I made the mistake of talking to an Urdu fellow one time, and now I get repeated phone calls trying to get me set up with Urdu like, do you see shed builders that are using ERP? Well, I mean, I guess anyway, tell me what you think.

Speaker 1  31:40
Okay, I can tell you you should look at first of all, you're not at a point. You're you're not, you're not at a revenue level where you should be thinking about your fees. I know, I know several 20 to $50 million companies who've done full ERP implementations, including including NetSuite, is one of them, okay for sure. And one's migrating away this year, and the other is in the middle of regret and okay. There they are at the point of throwing in the towel? Well, it's the it's the only reason they're there is loss aversion, really sunk some cost kind of thing, and that's why they're still hanging on. But it's been a painful, just terribly painful experience for them.

Speaker 2  32:39
So yeah, what about how many shed builders are managing inventory, like, as in material inventory? Do you see people doing that?

Speaker 1  32:50
Not below, not much below housing, much below five or 10, okay, like, I just

Speaker 2  32:58
because I am already doing that in QuickBooks. I like, I build, like every building, or every shed I build, I pull materials out of, out of inventory and create an item. And it's a bit of a, you know, it takes a couple minutes for every building, but it is a way, like I do keep record of every two by four right now,

Speaker 1  33:20
I'm not. I mean, I don't have a full, full scope, but I've definitely seen companies doing two to four, not, not doing not doing that. So here's, here's what I know about you based on your based on who I've gotten to know about you as a person is you're, you're naturally going to be ahead of the curve of everybody else on that. You're going to want to more. You're going to want more tracking, more financials, more more insight, more numbers than 90% of folks are going to want. And so you're going to naturally going to be ahead of most people in that. And that and and the every strength ever extended becomes a weakness, and the most likely blind spot is just not going to be aggressive and hungry enough to push growth as hard as you can, as hard as you potentially could. And it's not sure that is not the end all be all. It's not the goal of every business. You have to, you have to, and you should build what's right for you, what fits you, what suits you. That's just the potential downside that comes, that comes with that. But it's also structure makes it.

Speaker 2  34:38
Yeah, it does. I make sense, and I I go back to what I think, back to what you said in the beginning, that just going out and doing the work, showing up, you know, it's one of the things that all this advertising, you know, all these companies that want to sell you something I can get too focused on. Well, what am I missing? You know, What tool do I need? And. And, you know, we need to just get out there and hammer nails too.

Speaker 1  35:04
Yeah, you do. And how many? I mean, the question I would ask is, how many leads have you gotten this past year? Like, don't Sure. I think, I think thinking about a 3d builder. I think thinking about CCM automations, especially if you can save you office work and book time and get you doing more sales, and not that that's great, but also, how many people do you have who've reached out to you sometime in the past year who've not pulled the trigger? And if you've got, even if you've, if you can, you can spend two to four hours shaking some of those people loose, and you can sell two to four buildings out of that. That's a fairly profitable spending type way to spend half a day.

Speaker 2  35:49
Sure, sure. And you're saying that, rather than fancy software to do it, just get out there and call the people.

Speaker 1  35:56
I'm not saying don't, don't do the fancy software, but, but but don't think that the fancy software is going to save you from like, just willing to put in the time, willing to put in the work, put in the time, and let software come along behind you and make your

Speaker 2  36:15
life easier, sure. Sure. Well, this is that's common sense. It really is. And I think that, you know, what do you think? So, you know, I'm going to be in about the million dollar mark this well, we're not going to hit a million, but we'll be close, yeah, between eight and 900 What do you do? You see people in this level using CRM or am I still too little?

Speaker 1  36:39
Yeah, no, I do see people using CRMs at that point, yes, and CRMs are probably the easiest place to start to be completely honest, because you're only dealing with the sales side of things, and you're not like even with things like shut up in my shed and things like that, to get set up, you have to input. Well, even, even a 3d builder, it could even be that a 3d builder would be more value to you. Just an independent 3d builder might even be a more value to you than a CRM. I don't know for sure, but yeah, you definitely do see people like that in this, in this, in this space, in that, in that range. The thing to keep in mind with with shed software, should you know, management, soft production software, or ERPs, or stuff like that, there is upfront work to load this stuff in your system, get it set up.

Speaker 2  37:38
So, yeah, well, that I like, like, you've just helped me so much by telling me that you know that that's not anything to consider for a long, long time. Because, again, some of these sales people, you know what, they could sell ice to an Eskimo. And how am I to know whether they have my best interest in mind?

Speaker 1  37:59
It's they are incentivized to sell you CRM ERPs, and they're incentivized to get you to sign a contract, and there's a lot of buyer's remorse. 50% of ERP implementations across the industry fail. So we've we've successfully built fully custom ERPs for clients. It was not a cheap check, it was not a small check. But we've done it, but it's very rare for these things to succeed. Predominant reason being your your core business fundamentals matter more than anything else. And if you don't have that a solid grasp on that, then basically what ends up happening is you take really lousy business processes and you throw software on top of it and hope that it fixes it. And it's kind of like he's just building it, just trying to build a bad foundation and hoping it gets better.

Speaker 2  38:55
Sure, sure, that makes perfect sense. So keep, keep on turning out quality work, pleasing the customers and and then bring software along to make your life easier later.

Speaker 1  39:11
Yes, and if you're, if you're making 20, you're making 20 to 25% profit margin, you should be smiling. You're in a good place. I don't know exactly where you're at, but

Speaker 2  39:24
Well, I think we're close. See, that's one of the things I want to do. I've been selling some building materials, and we make a lower margin on the building materials, but we put the books are all together, and so it ends up skewing our numbers. But I think on the sheds, we're a lot closer to 30% or even a little higher, on the sheds

Speaker 1  39:44
you you should be, I don't. I don't mean this to butter you up, but that number matters more than so first of all, I would not broadcast that number, because there's a lot of opportunistic people who will start a. Business right down the road from you, just because they find out what numbers you're doing. And there's that, I've seen it far too often, but you should be you should be grateful, and you should be humble, and you should lean in and make the most of that opportunity, because at the end of the day, okay, that's, that's a, that's a really strong number in the industry, and take it, take calculated investments, reinvest, build the business that's right for you. Like, that's the, that's a bottom line is, I mean, the bottom line is, that's, that's a, that's

Speaker 2  40:48
Yeah, well, I'm blessed. We have had a good year, and I'm very thankful for for that, and I hope we can just keep the momentum. Yeah.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai