Unknown Speaker  00:01
This also explains why planning.

Speaker 1  00:07
Okay, so here's, here's a couple of things, The difference between conventional planning.

Speaker 1  00:29
I mean, once again, if you want to really this the software, If you're putting together a piece of software, and you know, it's it's very, you know, you're very simple, you know, you have a lot of variables, It's all very straightforward, then you can spec out most of this stuff from the get go. This is one of the reasons why phases are so important in projects is because you don't know what you don't know. So you might roll out a project, and then only to discover that, you know, maybe the market leans in a different direction or something like that. And you don't have the capacity, because you're creating something new,

Unknown Speaker  01:06
something that hasn't existed before,

Unknown Speaker  01:08
You don't have the capacity to evaluate it

Unknown Speaker  01:10
until it's actually in the market.

Unknown Speaker  01:14
So that's how it really is in the software world. Now,

Speaker 1  01:17
in a very static environment, something like banking, or, you know, some of those types of situations, you actually want to have the highly detailed plan because there isn't a lot of change. And, you know, and it is very straightforward. And, well, it's not very straightforward. It's very complex, but there's not a lot of variables, it's very static. And so you can use a static plan. And in a lot of conventional businesses,

Unknown Speaker  01:40
you can do that the more innovative the business,

Speaker 1  01:43
the less you're able to do that. And it requires an iterative approach. And it also requires just this whole approach

Unknown Speaker  01:48
that I've been talking about, in my article,

Speaker 1  01:52
like you have to do that. It's a completely different way of looking at the world. So to some people, they might say, hey, you're not planning if you're doing this will actually you are, is it but it's a completely different model of planning.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai