Unknown Speaker  00:02
Here's another fascinating country and a way of looking at the world.

Speaker 1  00:06
Thinking recently, or really actually observing people recently in terms of conflict, And and especially conflict in in regards to wounded in this as well. Even in a healthy situation, It seems that conflict most often happens in areas of strength. And

Unknown Speaker  00:31
And It's,

Speaker 1  00:32
it's, you know, I think there's a lot of different reasons for this, I think one of the one of the reasons is because areas of strength are often areas that are obvious to us not so obvious to other people. So when you have operating in an area of strength, if you have two people with, with different areas of strength, they will, they will both approach the situation as if their perspective is obvious to everybody. And So you have two people whose assumption is that that something is obvious, they approach the situation, it's not obvious to the other person or the other person doesn't, doesn't acknowledge it.

Unknown Speaker  01:09
Because they don't see it, or it's

Speaker 1  01:12
not obvious to them. And Here's where kind of misinterpretation misalignment happens because people make the assumption that they must misinterpret that is

Unknown Speaker  01:24
that the basically saying negative motives to that.

Speaker 1  01:28
And that, that people are willfully being ignorant under, They have malicious, malicious cause to that. So that's observational one, that a lot of conflict actually occurs around us, right. So if you want

Unknown Speaker  01:39
to identify strength

Unknown Speaker  01:40
in a person, then

Speaker 1  01:44
then one of the things you can do is you can look at areas of conflict, and that's where you're going to find your strength.

Unknown Speaker  01:52
There's also

Unknown Speaker  01:54
this flip side, or this other

Speaker 1  01:56
dimension of this with this, which is simply that the areas of because the areas of strength are the areas that most

Unknown Speaker  02:03
often create conflict.

Unknown Speaker  02:06
I think it's also often the areas where

Unknown Speaker  02:08
most people, many people

Unknown Speaker  02:10
experience the most insecurity about

Unknown Speaker  02:13
and

Unknown Speaker  02:14
where people have experienced the most resistance.

Speaker 1  02:19
It's kind of goes back to the classic, the classic question of what were the things that you got in trouble for,

Unknown Speaker  02:23
but

Unknown Speaker  02:27
one of the ways this plays out is

Speaker 1  02:29
using using some of these examples from other people that if somebody has a strong sense of justice, and they're treated unjustly, Then they they tend to They, those acts of injustice, are our burned in their memory in a way that they're not burned for other people. In other words, we filter events through to the light of our strength. If somebody has is, is an encourager, then

Unknown Speaker  03:02
discouraging moments are so

Speaker 1  03:05
obviously wrong to them, that they will tend to react and can take those moments, personally, if somebody believes in other people, And yet never received that belief themselves, they tend to interpret that through the lens of the impact of that it's exaggerated simply because in their perspective, and in their mind, that's an obvious,

Unknown Speaker  03:32
obvious strength. So this means that in terms of wounded

Speaker 1  03:36
Once again, honor is such a powerful tool, because honor allows you to look at look at a situation and you understand the value and not just understand the value, you understand the lens through which other people look at the world. And when you And when you do that, you can interpret interpret situations more accurately, or simply remove bias

Unknown Speaker  04:00
and judgment from from those situations.

Speaker 1  04:07
For somebody who has natural visionary for other people to not be able to see possibility and actually to prevent that possibility. And sometimes, even the act of

Unknown Speaker  04:19
kind of the pragmatic filtering of those,

Speaker 1  04:22
those types of experiences can be misconstrued

Unknown Speaker  04:28
by them, by them to be malicious

Unknown Speaker  04:31
intent.

Unknown Speaker  04:32
So once again, this is one of the reasons why

Speaker 1  04:34
honor is so important when you're working to resolve conflicts, because when you honor them, you can look catch the witness. And you can see that the witness is actually connected to the personal strength, you can identify the strength, and you can relate to them from a place of strength,

Unknown Speaker  04:50
Instead of simply

Speaker 1  04:54
relating to other people from a place of London. That said, I think there's many times where conflict happens that people attempt to control other people

Unknown Speaker  05:03
to

Speaker 1  05:04
the same judgments to how the other person should have responded. And they signed their grid of looking at the world to do that interaction. And they actually perpetuate in a professor in in conflict. Because, Okay, so it kind of creates this, this vicious cycle, because if you, if you evaluate somebody else's strengths from your own standpoint,

Unknown Speaker  05:29
they will continually be in a position of weakness.

Unknown Speaker  05:33
Which,

Speaker 1  05:34
when you when you take somebody's strength, and and you continually bury them and subject them, they're there, they'll either end up shutting down, or they'll end up or those traits will come out more strongly, so many examples, but somebody who's who tends to be assertive by nature. If If you do not understand that, that's, that's that can be a positive trait. And you assign negative gesture to that then either you end up completely killing, killing the, you know, just kind of robbing them of their life, Or you end up marrying it until you kind of resolve it kind of results in this in this explosion.

Unknown Speaker  06:22
So I think in summary, I think one of the big

Speaker 1  06:24
things to recognize is that people's willingness are often revolves around around their place of strength, and that when you can actually identify that

Unknown Speaker  06:33
you It gives you this

Speaker 1  06:35
incredible ability to to relate to other people more effectively. And, and really honestly to work your company or more effectively.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai