Speaker 1  00:02
So here's an interesting observation. This is personally in connection to the whole process for picking these massive transitions. And part of it just is observation around unique ability. But it's interesting to observe how many times that I have been in the middle of transition. And how many times this has occurred, unintentionally for me. So as an example,

Unknown Speaker  00:33
with the transition to the web

Speaker 1  00:34
product, it was it was right over that transition of it was not only developing a new platform and developing the new tool sets, but it was also right over time of developing new

Unknown Speaker  00:48
development methodology,

Speaker 1  00:50
and a lot of new development mindsets. That came as a result of that transition. So really, what's bigger than just the product product is the title were, we were rethinking how we actually do development.

Unknown Speaker  01:05
So that's one example.

Unknown Speaker  01:07
That continued for a number of years.

Speaker 1  01:10
When I went to Bangladesh, that was in itself, a time of transition. And actually more than anything else, there was a way to manage transitions to make transition manageable for other people. So I don't really know that there's a lot to add to that one.

Unknown Speaker  01:29
When I came in writing,

Speaker 1  01:32
there was this transition to kind of a guys dorm. Guys from supervisor, there was the transition from,

Unknown Speaker  01:42
from our place to in house.

Speaker 1  01:46
Video Production, there was a transition, there was an executive director transition, which once again, wanted, I think one of the most interesting things was that I arrived on the scene of that massive transition, without ever, you know, maybe being based without even predicting, and there's these little hunches that I follow that have not seemingly been connected to, to that, but have landed me on the scene of massive transition. There was the the connection with Pastor Jim, which led to the housing summit, which led to the FE dc membership, and then eventual board membership. The interesting thing there was that there was this, I came right on the heels of transition with Rob brown becoming president. But then beyond that, there was this transition in terms of how we view economic development.

Unknown Speaker  02:46
And there was the startup

Unknown Speaker  02:48
of TechStars.

Speaker 1  02:52
And I just mysteriously, I mean, all of these things came together right before all this stuff started happening. And I don't know how I would would have made that connection if Brad had not

Unknown Speaker  03:03
been part of that. So that's super fascinating.

Speaker 1  03:09
I see the same thing, in terms of emergent, the emergent campus has been very much that same type of thing where we're transitioning, personally is it's a new startup, personally. There is this shift from the old way. And even with the sector partnership, there's a shift from the old way of how we, how we do business and how we look at how we perceive our own culture, and how we approach talent and economics. And I've managed to find myself in the middle of that transition as well. So I think I've seen this on a micro on a macro level. And I think if I pay attention, I see it in a micro level. Now, one of the things that's interesting to observe about this as well is that for somebody who is make sense that somebody who is driven to change would find themselves attracted to

Unknown Speaker  04:10
attracted to areas of transition.

Unknown Speaker  04:14
But what's most ironic is how

Speaker 1  04:19
it that makes sense to a degree. But what's what's most fascinating is that many of these situations, had a series of events leading up to them. That resulted in me being there at the right time, in the right, the right time, right place. So that's anyway, this is super fascinating. And it makes me wonder where where the full

Unknown Speaker  04:47
with the full angle is on this unique ability. Because

Speaker 1  04:50
in reality, I can go back to any of these situations, I can go through the process that I've described. And I can detail how, maybe not how I've done it,

Unknown Speaker  05:04
but but maybe how other people have.

Unknown Speaker  05:08
But yes,

Speaker 1  05:10
I can apply this model that I'm looking at, I can apply it to a lot of these different different situations. And it really is interesting to see how much of that type of transition I have managed to be a part of. I suspect that there's a lot more insight to be had on that very specific dynamic.

Unknown Speaker  05:35
But certainly, it's it's a fascinating observation.

Unknown Speaker  05:39
And here's just another one on a micro level but

Unknown Speaker  05:44
the coaching relationship that I had with

Speaker 1  05:47
with Nelson also came right over the heels of transition and that's another example where I showed up on the on Sunday, seeing right in the in the midst of that transition.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai