Unknown Speaker  00:28
Good morning. Hey, good morning, Kevin,

Unknown Speaker  00:30
how are you?

Unknown Speaker  00:33
I'm good. How are you?

Unknown Speaker  00:34
Good? Good.

Matthias Miller  00:36
Awake yet

Speaker 1  00:37
I'm trying this time change for some really reason really messes with me.

Unknown Speaker  00:44
Oh, well, you're

Matthias Miller  00:48
not the only one driving to the office. I go through a school zone and signs boldly state, seven to four, and I drive past at six o'clock in the morning, and it's like, you know, 630 then the lights flashing, and I'm like, somewhere, somewhere this somewhere, somehow, there's a system that did not get updated.

Speaker 1  01:13
Yeah, so whether it's my brain or a computer system, either way, it hasn't gotten out something,

Unknown Speaker  01:20
something needs to be updated. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  01:21
I love it. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  01:26
and I'm gonna grab some Tea

Unknown Speaker  01:28
here. Yeah? Please do I

Unknown Speaker  02:30
so your

Matthias Miller  02:32
random Monday morning conversation starter, why is the Western Church so diametrically opposed to Eastern practices centering around mindfulness and meditation and

Unknown Speaker  02:49
other types of things like that.

Speaker 1  02:52
I honestly think it's about fear, and I think it was born in the 60s when the church was not answering the questions that younger generations had, the younger generation was forced to go to other places, whether it was psychedelics, whether it was mindfulness practices, meditation ashrams, that kind of thing. They were forced to go somewhere else and look for it. And so I think that developed this us versus them mindset and not the what they were going to was healthy or right or God led or anything, but they were searching for answers that the church was not giving. So historically, what I see it is the church is deathly afraid of anything where people are going to seek answers that they're not providing.

Unknown Speaker  03:48
Sure,

Speaker 1  03:51
it's insecurity, I think, because if you set yourself up as the authority, and then you don't have answers. What do you do?

Matthias Miller  04:04
Well? And now that you mentioned it, that's really the at the root of my the challenge that my former church had with me was that I was well, I mean, that the most was before the whole pastoral upset the fruit basket, but the original pastor was really bothered by the fact that the nonprofit and its members were getting teaching from outside the church and outside of quote, quote, Scripture like is scripture not enough, all right,

Unknown Speaker  04:45
it's very intimidated by that makes a lot of sense.

Speaker 1  04:51
So certainly that's, that's my opinion based on my experience. And so there could be a lack of, you know, objectivity or bias. From my perspective on that, that's just kind of what I have seen well and I

Matthias Miller  05:12
based on the circles I've been in and where I've come from, I'm not saying that this is completely unfounded, but

Unknown Speaker  05:22
there's been such an intense fear of demonization, I guess.

Speaker 2  05:36
And it's always been easier to blanket label some things. Is right?

Matthias Miller  05:43
I mean, where do you I mean, clearly, occult practices exist

Speaker 2  05:53
without a doubt, a doubt and understanding and discerning, and you know what is, what is good and what is not?

Speaker 1  06:08
Yeah, I think the if we just look at it as a, you know, a slice of society in general, you're going to get one to 2% of people that are just bent on evil, and there's reasons why they get there. It's not as if we like to make up these mythological things, like they've sold their soul to the devil, and you know that kind of thing. One or 2% have had such traumatic experiences and felt so alone and isolated. They will be over in this category, but it's almost like we want to see that it's like 50% of the population that is bent on evil, almost in a political sense, like these Democrats, they're bent on evil. Or these Republicans are banned on evil when really you're talking about margins at the end. And the majority of us are in that in between space. It's the whole Miller. What power? Yeah, What power does the demonization give you if you're demonizing somebody that has to serve a need for you that has to give a benefit to you, and that's what we have to actually answer.

Unknown Speaker  07:33
It's usually a manipulative tactic in one way or another, trying to get somebody to do something I

Unknown Speaker  07:51
let's see.

Matthias Miller  08:03
I'm sorting through the groups of people that

Matthias Miller  08:14
held some of these views. One of them very clearly, a very clear self serving agenda. Another really was involved, but without the same demonization perspective and much more open and

Unknown Speaker  08:35
probably more balanced viewpoint and then the third is

Matthias Miller  08:47
probably the one that I can't exactly nail down and pinpoint, because I don't really see any over manipulative agenda, but

Matthias Miller  09:10
strong, sensitive concern for them and and they feel like the world isn't listening to them

Unknown Speaker  09:17
so well. You look

Speaker 1  09:19
at you look at things like historic trends like the Salem witch trials is a big one, what was actually going on there? And you could see small pockets within a society with an agenda driving entire regions of the country in hysteria. And as you start to study it and look at it, you start to see that it's all ideas based somebody had an idea and somebody else felt like that. Idea was dangerous, and so they start demonizing that person, but you just can't come out and debate the idea, because that might mean that your idea will not be accepted. So you demonize the other person to discount them first, and then you promote your idea. I've seen this a lot in rural communities where, because of technology, people start getting access to information. Just specifically within the church, they start getting access to information and teaching, and then the clergy within that community demonizes those people because they can't debate the idea, so they have to demonize and then debate. But it's not really a debate, it's lecture.

Matthias Miller  10:56
At that point, it's not right. Well, it's takes an incredible amount of humility to say I have this position, because people said I was competent, but I have this area of this skills gap, if you want to sort of call it that of yeah, I've never, we never covered these topics. We back when,

Speaker 1  11:20
I mean, back when I was in seminary, we didn't even look at this as an exact mental health issues, you know, whatever like. And to me, if you can't say that, I'm like, so let's learn together. Let's, you know, but if it's no, I'm going to go harder into this black and white concrete what is true and what is not true? Wow, you're going to break a lot of arms and twist a lot of legs, yeah, emotionally, spiritually, physically.

Matthias Miller  11:53
I mean, the the nice thing in a rural setting is that people don't have a lot of options. It's the nice thing for them. I mean, they can go down the road to another church, but if you've effectively demonized them, then you undermine their support network, right? And it's not to say that's not equally bad in a urban setting, but an urban setting does lend more options to get free and does limit the

Speaker 2  12:31
seems to me, I don't know this is true or not. Seems to me like it could limit the relative I

Speaker 2  12:43
well, I don't know not to minimize the impact. It's

Matthias Miller  12:49
just a unique setting, in a rural setting, when you don't have anywhere to go except

Unknown Speaker  12:54
that, right? Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  12:58
the options are limited.

Unknown Speaker  13:00
Options are limited.

Matthias Miller  13:04
But then this is also, effectively, you've just broken down politics as well, right.

Speaker 1  13:17
Here's what I see on I write for a website, and I read the articles from the website, and that kind of thing. And what I see is the worst thing that ever could have happened has happened, and now we're victims, and what how do we live through this? And then I see the best thing that ever could have happened has happened, and we need to use this tool to maintain control. There's no in between, right? So

Matthias Miller  13:51
this is something I would like to develop further, but

Speaker 1  14:00
it's kind of like, sorry it didn't wrap but yeah, keep going kind of like that point of greatest tension we've been talking about when the worst thing that possibly could ever happen happens, in your mindset, what do I do then? Or when the best thing that possibly could happen happens? What do I do then? Do I scrap everything that I've learned or known or my curious mind or whatever happens in that moment and ride the wave? Or do I stand stalwart in the midst of that and curious and ask questions that's really that point of greatest tension, I think, yeah, yeah, so

Matthias Miller  14:55
you want to take this full circle around to you.

Speaker 2  15:11
I'm translating this to work experiences, because

Matthias Miller  15:18
some of my work experiences, it had the appearance of debate,

Unknown Speaker  15:25
but

Matthias Miller  15:28
debate was only there was no sense in some of these experiences. Of,

Unknown Speaker  15:35
okay, wait, you guys actually have a point here. Like, I

Matthias Miller  15:44
uh, it was, it was very much. I I've got to keep tight rings on the ship, and so I will engage with you

Speaker 2  15:54
for the appearance of a debate, to the appearance of you having a voice. But the force with which

Matthias Miller  16:01
this debate was held was, you know, made it clear that it wasn't an open discussion of ideas. It was a

Unknown Speaker  16:12
I've got to keep, I got

Matthias Miller  16:14
to keep my hands on the on the wheel of where this is going. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Well, it's like, it's the, it's the farce that is

Unknown Speaker  16:32
Jesus's trial.

Speaker 1  16:35
Everybody knew walking in there what was going to happen.

Unknown Speaker  16:41
Everybody knew,

Speaker 1  16:43
but they're asking questions as if they're interested. They'd already made their mind up. They knew what was going to happen, but they still had to ask question, right? Isn't that a trial? So winching,

Speaker 1  17:16
or like in work situation, is this a conversation? Is this is a discussion, are we kind of wrestling through things here? Is this a debate, or is this a preordained conclusion that you're entertaining the idea of a conversation because you have to? I

Unknown Speaker  17:54
yeah, I

Unknown Speaker  18:19
and then,

Matthias Miller  18:28
fundamentally, the question is, can you assemble a team of people

Matthias Miller  18:38
whereby, I guess this is the question. The question. The question ultimately comes down to, what are you optimizing

Matthias Miller  19:01
for? What's the goal you're driving towards? The outcome you're

Speaker 1  19:04
working for? Isn't that the question across the board for all human beings,

Unknown Speaker  19:13
what are you optimizing for?

Speaker 1  19:14
The goal you're going for? Not saying you don't have any right to go for that goal. Go for whatever goal it is that you want. Well, let's just acknowledge what goal we're going for.

Unknown Speaker  20:40
Um, jump

Unknown Speaker  20:46
over into Desert stuff. Yeah, so I

Matthias Miller  21:03
uh, two things. One is one. I'm not sure what to do or make of this, or maybe I do, and I'm just kind of, I don't know. I don't know what um,

Matthias Miller  21:19
at my round table, I guess you saw the email I sent over,

Unknown Speaker  21:23
yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  21:32
I feel super torn on this, yeah,

Matthias Miller  21:41
but it makes a lot of sense to me to build, to borrow some of the words that was that were shared, to de risk, some of the financial situation. Build some of the underpinnings, build a foundation. This is like, and and then build some of these other projects in the space that using that to create space to build some of these other projects. Yeah. And me, supporting me is a little torn.

Unknown Speaker  22:29
I love our conversations. I think they're really helpful. And so, so maybe I'm premature and

Matthias Miller  22:43
I don't know, I don't know what it should look like. I really don't right. I feel like I want, I would love, to have just the ability to focus, if I, if I get a clear path to run in just to run in that and focus and not be thinking about too much else. I also don't want to

Matthias Miller  23:16
one of the things I don't like, don't like the idea of not of i Leaving people strained and high and dry, and I'm not saying that that's actually what would be happening.

Speaker 1  23:31
But Well, you've had people make you responsible for their feelings for a very long time. You're not responsible for my feelings. I am. And I think when you've been made responsible for other people's feelings, you start interpreting what their feelings will be in order to be able to manage them. And you don't get to do that here,

Unknown Speaker  24:11
I'm not asking you to. I would never ask you

Unknown Speaker  24:13
to. Yeah,

Speaker 1  24:16
so for me, when I look at it like I get there's, there's pressures involved, there's taking, I mean, the very foundational baseline pressures that have taken care of my family, paying bills. I get it you, you have to do that. That's your first and primary

Speaker 2  24:39
ministry. Yeah, it's to your family, it's important,

Speaker 1  24:45
vastly important. And then after that, there can be other things, but that has to be first. So for me, this has always been about the journey, and there was no timeline. Point on where this, when this would hit, where it would go, you know, all that kind of stuff. It's a journey. And so if you have to slow down in certain aspects in order to handle that foundational element, then that's what you got to do. Yeah, there's no issue on this side about doing that.

Unknown Speaker  25:19
Yeah. Okay.

Speaker 1  25:26
I mean, I think that a lot of times we can get into a mindset of this or that, but I think that's all with short term thinking. I think if we're looking big picture, long term, like it's like it can be this, and that it's just a matter of scope,

Matthias Miller  25:43
of time, scope timing, playing it out. And I don't, I don't feel like it's, I really don't. I don't feel like it's like, does not feel to me like, Oh, that was a dumb idea, like in and or even that I personally want to move on from the idea it's more like what my heart is really asking for is I need space to just double down and focus on this. And I think if I go all in on this, like, right,

Unknown Speaker  26:13
there's a

Matthias Miller  26:17
there's a lot, I mean, there's a lot that could happen really quickly if I've got, if I've got the focus, yeah, this is the first time after years of, Oh, I could do that, I could do that, I could do that. I could do that. What about that, or this thing, or that? And, um,

Matthias Miller  26:43
yeah, and then, you know, even, even working with people, and they're like, Wow, you're like, the quintessential consultant.

Unknown Speaker  26:53
This is kind of the first

Matthias Miller  26:56
kind of had times that I've been excited about things I don't think they've always been well founded. I still don't know. Yeah, this is this. This feels like the kind of thing that is has, has better founding, better structure, and actually allows me to build a thing and not be

Speaker 1  27:17
I think that she's never had Matthias is somebody to partner with you. You've ever had the authority who, who you're going after, or there's been people who have been beneath you. I don't think you've ever had a shoulder to shoulder partner, a balance of, you know, a counterbalance to your passion, yeah. And I think that's the beauty of what God has done here, is we can have that counterbalance. And so whatever that looks like moving forward is in his hands, obviously. But I think we work really well as that counterbalance to each other, right?

Matthias Miller  28:02
Yeah, I think I do agree. I think you're right. And I think one of the things with this is the first time, so I've been part this is I've been part of a roundtable for two years. I almost didn't sign up for this year because I wasn't sure if I should. I think the meeting on Thursday. I mean, sometimes it's hard to assign value, but I think the meeting on Thursday could have paid for the whole year. Wow. And and there's this shift. They're moving from just something shifted. And so Perry's the guy who, who runs it. He spent, spent some, I don't know if it's been a week, it was a week or what he did an event with Richard Kosh um, 8020 guy and turned investor and start business advocate and all this stuff, came home and realized that. Realized, well, he realized two things. Number one, he thought that VCs were the Holy Grail and that they were basically teaching everything that he had been teaching, just not as well. And realized that basically came back and said, Look, guys, being an investor is not the Holy Grail. Being being an investor means you have to hunt for a company that has can be number one in a growing market and cannot pace its competition, so you have to hunt for it. Being a business owner means you can create it, right? And also basically came back and said, so that was part number one. Part number two is, you guys are salt of the earth people, but you're not ambitious enough. It's time to turn up the heat on the ambition. And then. Number three is, if you're willing to, if you're willing to make some kind of agreement, we'll put skin in the game that if you don't hit, and I don't even know the specifics of it, but, but we'll do 120% money back guarantee on round table for 2025

Unknown Speaker  30:23
and so

Matthias Miller  30:25
you talking about partnerships, it feels like roundtable for the first year or two. There was there was the onboarding call that was really strong. There were some other other things. And I don't know if this is actually the case, but it feels like it, but there's skin in the game that there can also be. He's also very much a let's take, let's take what's working and grow it and and a good counterbalance to like you're describing, I would say, is also good counterbalance to my passion.

Unknown Speaker  31:01
Um, while

Matthias Miller  31:03
not,

Unknown Speaker  31:09
I don't understand how or why,

Matthias Miller  31:13
because my brother tried to be a counterbalance to my passion, and it never worked.

Speaker 2  31:20
So maybe it's just because he treats me like a grown up, not like a kid. I really don't know what it is.

Unknown Speaker  31:26
Same with you. It could be he doesn't know you.

Unknown Speaker  31:32
That's true you.

Speaker 1  31:35
And the reality is like you actually have to get to know somebody at the core of who they are, in order to partner with them. Because, I mean, honestly, like, I get the email on Friday, my first thought is not like, oh shit. Matthias is walking away. My thought is, okay, what's going on inside? Like, what did you experience on Thursday that kind of lit this fire? And how do we stoke that fire? How do we keep it going? But how you know, what is it? What's the fuel that's burning? Like, for me, it was like, about knowing, like, understanding. And so that's, you know, looking forward to this call this morning, being able to be like, okay, like, Where's, where's your head at, what are you thinking? What are you feeling? What are you experiencing? Like, let's, let's run with this. Let's see what it looks like. You know, kind of thing that, that's my thought process. And I think that with these, and I know I'm pretty probably describing something that most people would say or is utterly impossible, but this is the goal, and this is what I'm shooting for, and this is what I think is is healthy, is it's Not about whatever outcome is going to be produced. It's about the knowing of the person, the partnership and the growth in each individual over time. Historically, are we becoming more in union with God via this process, rather than can we become fabulously wealthy off of this idea,

Matthias Miller  33:23
right? Well, I mean, but if you frame it like this, so, and I mentioned this to me, okay, so to unpack a little bit, where's the passion at i

Matthias Miller  33:56
because of my upbringing, I'm still Very uncomfortable since I was talking about this, but the morning,

Unknown Speaker  34:06
headspace, parts, work,

Matthias Miller  34:09
meditation, stillness, silence, all of that

Unknown Speaker  34:14
has been I

Matthias Miller  34:23
uh, most of my life there's been a war, and there's been people on both sides. It's the go make a lot of money, and it's go help people.

Unknown Speaker  34:37
And

Matthias Miller  34:40
just this is probably been more through work with with my facilitator, but bringing those two parts together has been deeply transformational. And I guess what I'm realizing is that I don't know exactly how to i. I like, why do I say all that? Because my comment at the beginning was just, I mean, my my family got into stuff like the A Fauci and other types of things like that. So some of these types of things are very this weird acceptance of things that you know, I don't know, I guess, mystical experiences. I don't even know what it what you want to call it. That's its own whole thing around the plastic specifically. But be that as it may, but some of these types of practices feel so far outside of like they feel so right, and they make so much sense, but they feel so far outside of the realm of tradition, where I've come from that. And even you know, people I'm close to, genuinely close to, love hearing about it, talking about it, and they love that I'm leaning into it. And anyway, so, So that part's uncomfortable, but it's also been really grounding and really screaming to be able to this morning waking up. My mind is racing, and it's like taking the time to get curious about that. And what's going on in making space for the part of me that is accelerated and overwhelmed at the speed at which everything could happen. Does it have to happen that fast? No, but I can at least engage with that, and I've got a way for I actually have a tool set that, for whatever reason works, seems to work for me, for engaging with these types of emotions that I'm experiencing, right? So, so that that work to me has felt like I've I've always been told, not always been told, that the story over the last number of last year or two has that I've heard from people is, you know, it's basically a behavior upon math. You're a consultant, you're a you're a you don't fit any box, which might be true, but there's not really, but what it means is that you have to craft kind of this custom

Speaker 2  37:28
thing. And people get some people get you, some people don't. And I don't know, and

Matthias Miller  37:37
which is fine for getting to know people personally, but from a business perspective, you know, it's always been at odds with, well, you either have to do that and to have the fulfilling stuff, or you can have a real business that, I mean, business, fundamentally, is built on doing as much good for as many. I mean, it's the good that you do types the people that you do, theoretically, is the value of the business, right? And in order to do that, it's easier to do that for people who share similarities similar problems, and you can offer similar solutions to and so those two have felt diametrically opposed. And then point number three was just well, in addition to that, finally getting tools for working through, I feel like new levels of kind of workplace and financial trauma, I guess, and like the simple thing of working with tech and software, I've realized that there's been a lot of once again, like be having there's been a lot of

Speaker 2  38:55
pain, loneliness, other things associated with it that have kept me away from it.

Matthias Miller  39:09
And I don't think at my core,

Matthias Miller  39:17
you know? I think at my core I have very I don't think that my technical skills are diametrically opposed to who I am. I think the, I think the go sit in the corner and throw headphones on and don't talk to anybody for hours at a time. I think that is but having a means of leaning in and I think removing some of the resistance towards

Unknown Speaker  39:46
some of the things that you might find in a conventional business.

Matthias Miller  39:53
And then the, I think the last one, I'm not sure, comes down to. Being able to sort through all the things that I've already been doing and finding language for it. I

Unknown Speaker  40:16
think in patterns. Sometimes think in generalities.

Matthias Miller  40:21
I can't I make a horrible teacher, because I don't know how to predict what it is that you need to know. But if you give me a specific problem, then I can ask you a bunch of questions and dive into the root. And it's really hard for me to

Speaker 2  40:42
and I am not the

Speaker 2  40:51
Anyway, like I can't just do something for the or I don't just do things for the sake of doing it.

Matthias Miller  40:59
I don't have enough. I raging self interest to build an empire, just to make myself feel good about myself, but being able to sort through what I've been doing professionally

Speaker 2  41:14
and actually find a way in which there's a niche that I can fill, that has strong market demand and that I think

Matthias Miller  41:35
I know I'm at least well qualified to serve, maybe, maybe better than most of The people who are out there already trying to do it in

Unknown Speaker  41:44
some, some way.

Matthias Miller  41:49
And so the idea of having

Speaker 2  41:54
a repeatable business model that allows for that is really interesting to me. And being able to offload to team members, or to have whatever SaaS components, group stuff, etc, all this. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  42:18
so that's a lot of what was?

Unknown Speaker  42:27
It feels to me like it can

Unknown Speaker  42:36
I don't know how else to describe it,

Matthias Miller  42:39
but it feels to me, like a convergence of a lot of

Unknown Speaker  42:41
different things.

Matthias Miller  42:45
It's also very interesting that.

Matthias Miller  42:53
So having said all that, there's a very real possibility,

Unknown Speaker  43:00
and we could just straight up do this that.

Matthias Miller  43:07
So, so my plan for promoting, what I'm planning to do is the shed Okay, so the shed manufacturing industry is a small industry. I found maybe 2500 companies across the US. So it's not,

Unknown Speaker  43:23
it's not that big.

Matthias Miller  43:26
I think it's very possible that the, let's go, let's help you move from a production to a sales culture. And let's, let's figure, help you figure out how to adapt to modern selling, times, online sales, etc. Right? That that could be a tip of the spear offer.

Speaker 2  43:48
And if we wanted stories for the desert to be, get into that. You could have a have a

Matthias Miller  43:58
you could have a lag time where, like, maybe there's three months after somebody gets interviewed, and I don't know what the appropriate time frame is, making, making introductions say, or just send an email and say, Hey,

Speaker 2  44:14
we loved having you on this one. Would you be interested in coming over on this other one as well? I um,

Unknown Speaker  44:26
yeah,

Speaker 1  44:29
when you're in the stillness, morning meditation, you know that kind of thing, when you're in the stillness, what do you feel there? What feels right there?

Matthias Miller  44:45
Well, I mean, the first thing that I feel before what feels right is feeling all of these subsurface emotions and thoughts and things

Speaker 2  44:56
like and so. Are engaging with those first of all, to make way to your answer. There's been a variety of things. I mean, the so yes, there's been tangible. God's tangible presence, there's also just been this, I don't know how to describe it.

Speaker 1  45:29
What if that tangible presence there is the filter through which those emotions flow through and as they flow through that tangible presence, there's a purity on the other side.

Speaker 1  45:55
It clears away the confusion and the anxiety and the should and could and would and just produces this possibility, and what if on as it filters through that, and you have the purity of possibility on the other side. He looks at you and he says, What do you want to do?

Unknown Speaker  46:20
You need to choose.

Speaker 2  46:33
Yeah, if I can expand on that, the biggest sense is that I am right with the world. I don't know how to describe it. It's just I

Speaker 1  46:46
don't have to justify, I don't have to prove, I don't have to earn, I don't have to strive.

Matthias Miller  46:52
It's just right exist and I feel and I know this word is probably overused, and nobody knows exactly what it means, but there's a sense of groundedness, like, it's just, it's like, kind of like, internally, my feet are planted on a solid rock, right,

Speaker 1  47:14
right? I'm centered. I'm grounded, planted. I'm like, there's all these words, but it's not to me, the picture that comes up is like, aside from this, it's like a tornado that's spinning, and you never know where it's gonna go,

Unknown Speaker  47:30
yes,

Speaker 1  47:31
but through this filter, all of a sudden, I'm Dorothy in the Land of Oz, like my feet have been planted on the ground. Yes, yes. And I meet all sorts of curious people on this journey. As I My feet are planted on the ground, yes,

Unknown Speaker  47:53
yes. And

Matthias Miller  48:00
I've said it once, said it again, but

Unknown Speaker  48:07
ifs has given me tools to filter through this stuff, yeah, for my variant,

Matthias Miller  48:22
the amateur, whatever works for me.

Unknown Speaker  48:28
Yeah, variation

Speaker 1  48:31
in each one of these tools has to be individualized. Whether it's meditation or it's ifs or whatever the case may be, it has to be individualized for to fit your experience. That's true. I think that's the problem with most therapy, is they try and get you to fit into a model, rather than shifting and adopting the model to fit your circumstances,

Matthias Miller  49:02
all right. Dr Frankenstein and world systems. Have you read that?

Unknown Speaker  49:10
Okay? Well,

Matthias Miller  49:11
two of my friends recommended it recently. Case in point, exactly

Speaker 1  49:20
like, how do you take two individuals? Let's just say me and you vastly. We all. We all have very we had, we had the similar human functions. We were born into this world. We lived in this world. We've experienced this world. But how we've been affected by this world is absolutely unique. So how am I going to take a template and put it over you and then the same template over me, right? How is that possible, right? And the the the proponents of that would say, you need to fit into the template to be. Functional in the world, and I say the template needs to shift to me So I can be more Effective in the kingdom.

Unknown Speaker  50:18
Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  51:11
a lot of people start with the assumption that,

Unknown Speaker  51:22
Well, this ends up being the continuum.

Matthias Miller  51:32
You can talk about the degree of custom, of customization of each system that you want to apply to a person. And so you have this is, this is a great degree I love. So no customization.

Unknown Speaker  51:58
And this is full customization. Yeah,

Speaker 1  52:03
the system works. Do you work the system or the system is completely, utterly broken, abandoned. The system

Matthias Miller  52:10
exactly, and then you have no selection. And I don't know what to call it, besides just hyper selection,

Unknown Speaker  52:25
right? All right,

Matthias Miller  52:28
okay. So then let's run through what each quadrant looks like. No selection, no customization. This is, this is cattle shoot business.

Unknown Speaker  52:37
This is robot use cattle shoot, slash, robot business, yeah,

Matthias Miller  52:48
no customization, hyper selection. I mean, this can be narrow focus,

Unknown Speaker  52:59
highly efficient. And

Matthias Miller  53:05
I mean, ultimately, what you're saying is, if I can find, okay, let's, let's start with a tactical solution, because that's easier to like intangible.

Speaker 2  53:19
I i,

Matthias Miller  53:26
i install white garage doors, eight foot garage doors for people, for homeowners, yeah, well, that, I mean, you need a pink one. I can't do it. You need a bigger one. Can't do it. You need, you need a free business. Can't do it. But this will show up. We'll do it all day, every day, yeah, and my guys show up, and that's what they do every single day. And we're, I mean, my brother is like this. We build, we build and install free cast concrete window wells, again, for homeowners. Do you want to galvanize one? Okay, can't do it. Do you want to? Do you want us to paint it instead of having stamped concrete? Okay? Can't do it. Do you want to? Do you want us to install Windows upstairs?

Unknown Speaker  54:24
Can't do it. Okay? Can't do it.

Matthias Miller  54:27
And all of these contractors lose bids to him, because he can get in and out in a day and and he's got high quality standards, and that's all his guys are trained to do, and that's what he's focused on, and he knows exactly what to look for and and so there's that narrow focus, highly efficient. Then you have full customization with no selection. Oh, yikes, yikes. I mean, it's you.

Matthias Miller  55:04
I mean, I don't know what to put up here, besides, just unprofitable.

Unknown Speaker  55:10
Yeah, you've got Yeah. I mean, think of

Matthias Miller  55:15
it from your perspective. What if you literally fully customized and did not say no to anybody. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  55:31
yeah,

Matthias Miller  55:35
bold customization and hyper selection. And I think I mean in the ideal world, see, this is where my brother's business was, is

Unknown Speaker  55:53
it's,

Unknown Speaker  56:00
it's,

Matthias Miller  56:02
it's actually not where it was. I think it's built on hyper intelligence, either individually or group.

Unknown Speaker  56:19
It's

Matthias Miller  56:22
to be sustainable, at least two times or more as expensive,

Unknown Speaker  56:34
and

Unknown Speaker  56:41
does best

Matthias Miller  56:44
on long term business because it's impossible. I mean to your point, knowing and being known it's impossible to know whether it's business client or personal client, whether it's no matter what you're to know and build out scope. The biggest beef that I had with my brother and his business model was this, because he had a team his he had his first tier developers in Bangladesh that were doing other projects. His second tier developers were working on these projects. And I don't think you can do full custom like, basically they turned into more or less robots. Like you had excellent people, you had really smart people, breaking it down into step by step, baby step instructions on what to do and implement, and by the time all was said and done, it was almost always ended up, I think, more expensive than just hiring One really good developer to go build it. Right? I

Matthias Miller  58:05
this is also, this is also, if you want to add current trends in FTC magnet, yep.

Matthias Miller  58:22
And I have a friend of mine who actually

Unknown Speaker  58:24
teaches this,

Matthias Miller  58:27
and she takes people from

Unknown Speaker  58:32
here to here.

Speaker 1  58:37
Yeah, it's almost like, when you're starting you have to start here, yeah, you have to, you have to start here. Full customization, full selection, in order to refine what it is that you do. Then you come over here, which is, this is what I do. So there's no customization to it, yeah, but if you want something in this realm, oh, man, we can do that. No problem,

Unknown Speaker  59:03
right? Well, like,

Speaker 1  59:05
for me here, it's like, okay, you start here and you're working with depression, you're working with anxiety, spiritual sicknesses, you know, all that kind of stuff over here, in certain point you get to people where you're like, Oh, you're you're bipolar. I can't do that, you're schizophrenic. I can't do that, or you've got these things. And so it starts to shift over here, like I can deal with the spiritual sickness here, no problem and a kind of spiritual sickness. But beyond, we can't customize beyond that. That's what we do,

Matthias Miller  59:38
right? And there's no harm in saying this is a continue. I mean, it's not even that this is, I mean, maybe this is the goal for you. You have to decide where the goal is, but maybe the goal is actually, like, maybe the happy place for you is right there, or maybe it's, I mean, you have to you. If you say you only deal with one very specific type of spiritual issue, right? The number of people willing to pay to have that issue solved might be too small to sustain, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:00:14
You, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:00:19
but there's also say I focus, my entire focus is on people who have been in cults. Yeah, hey. Is that a sustainable model that I only pigeon hole myself there? It's probably not sustainable, right, for a number of different factors. So, you know, there has to be a wider range within that.

Matthias Miller  1:00:49
But okay, and I couldn't tell you exactly where you were pointing, but there's a lot of many people in it. I

Matthias Miller  1:01:05
Okay, there's many people who end up here

Matthias Miller  1:01:14
and find their way down, down to here, right? I

Matthias Miller  1:01:25
but I find that

Unknown Speaker  1:01:28
this is really interesting.

Matthias Miller  1:01:31
Do you think maybe I'm taking too much out of this? Do you think do you think that these people

Matthias Miller  1:01:47
really ever find

Unknown Speaker  1:01:51
their way,

Matthias Miller  1:01:53
usually find their way out of this box?

Speaker 1  1:01:55
I believe the majority of humanity lives there. Yeah, and never finds their way out of it. Yeah, this is like, when I said robot, what I'm thinking is, is a cog in a machine, whether it's a religious machine or a societal machine or whatever. I find my place where I live. That's This is my cog. This is my space, and this is all based on denying your wants, your needs, your dreams, your hopes, and so this is where, what I believe Thoreau was saying in Walden when he said most men live lives of quiet desperation. I think that's this quadrant. I and

Matthias Miller  1:02:50
there are people who build businesses to profit off that, like this, to profit off of that, yeah, and I mean, isn't every weight loss like, I mean, you can take this, you can apply this. This is fun, okay, applied to weight loss. This is easy. Um, the Atkins diet. Oh, you need to go eat any diet every this is for everybody, and it's going to work. And just follow the plan, right? Sells like hotcakes.

Speaker 1  1:03:23
But great watchers, nuture system, whatever it is exactly, you're a cog. Come be a cog. Even Jordan Peterson

Matthias Miller  1:03:31
in his advocating the carnivore diet, he's like, yeah. So then you have the and, but the best weight loss, nutrition component,

Speaker 1  1:03:49
hold on, hold on. Yeah, you're here, and you become so disenchanted with what this life looks like, the pain gets too great. You almost come over here. Sorry, you're gonna, I can't see where you're pointing. You're gonna, sorry, sorry to so upper left quadrant Yep, yeah. So you're here you come. You're quadrant one. You become so disenchanted and so in pain that you come over to quadrant two. Does. And then, yeah, two, upper left,

Matthias Miller  1:04:21
upper left, yep,

Speaker 1  1:04:23
yes. I'm sorry I'm looking at different so for me, upper right. So your upper left, yeah, yeah. So you come there because you are so disenchanted with being a cog, yeah, and it's uncomfortable, and this is the time in the desert. This is the time in the desert.

Matthias Miller  1:04:53
So this is, I mean, if you want to put language to this, this is Egypt.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:57
Yes, I.

Matthias Miller  1:05:06
Then you have all the, I mean, the Israelites are great. It's, it's comfortable. It's comfortable. Quote, quote, right? It's, but it's absolutely familiar, until

Speaker 1  1:05:18
we have to start farming our own straw and, you know, all that kind of stuff. Then it's like, just becomes too painful. Then they start to question, go like, Oh, okay, maybe this time in the desert is worth it. Then you get out here and you're like, This is not worth it. Why don't we just go back to Egypt, where we had food and warm places to stay and and and you have, you have a pole or a call to move downward from there, yes, yep.

Matthias Miller  1:05:49
And then, and then, from there that gives you the ability to eat. I think this goes from eating and then this ultimately, probably gives you the ability to feast. Yes, yes.

Speaker 1  1:06:09
So maybe this, maybe bottom left, yeah, maybe this is like the transition over that line vertically down is entering the promised land. And then you find all the problems in the Promised Land. There's giants there, there's fortified cities, there's all that kind of stuff. Yep.

Speaker 2  1:06:40
Yep. This is

Unknown Speaker  1:06:47
fascinating.

Matthias Miller  1:06:49
So then you can also apply this to religious institutions.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:54
Like, oh, what's a good example?

Matthias Miller  1:07:04
Let's do seminary. That's a fun one.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:06
Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:07:09
if you only go through and okay, this is me coming from the outside. So if I'm taking pot shots, I shouldn't take you can shut me up here. Here

Unknown Speaker  1:07:20
to call the punch out you need to

Matthias Miller  1:07:24
here is the set of horses and homework and reading materials and discussions that you need to have in order to be qualified. And once you do that, get out the other side. You're good to go.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:36
Yeah, your cog. Your cog.

Matthias Miller  1:07:42
I mean, I have a friend of mine who went deep down into John Maxwell stuff, seminary stuff, missionary in China, and came out the other end, disenchanted, yep.

Matthias Miller  1:08:02
And then the invitation becomes, well, let me I mean the debt, okay, so then there's all this stuff. Then it's like, okay, bust down the walls. I'm tired of having people I'm going to eat from the broad buffet of everything that's available to me. Yep, because why not? And but there's no real progress. You start

Speaker 1  1:08:25
right there, right there is deconstruction, these answers, these cog answers over here are not sufficing. And so I move over here, and there's a deconstruction that happens. I Okay, ideas, thoughts, you know, all that kind of

Matthias Miller  1:08:49
stuff of ideas, I think my marker is, I need better markers so then, but then there's this sorting that happens sorting and sifting, where there's this increasing there's this increasing level of selectiveness, like, well, this works. It's

Speaker 1  1:09:15
very Harry Potter esque, right? You have the sorting hat in the upper left hand corner, and then goes, Okay, you're these are your people. And so you start living with the people, and you're like, wait a second, like, I there's a better way to do this. There's my unique experience that happens in the lower left hand corner. That's, that's the promised land. And then once I actually walk through that and figure that out like I know who I am in the bottom right hand corner, no customization necessary, because I know who I am, and I have free will in that, and I can live according to that. And then I have these people in the the upper right hand corner of the cogs look. At me going, oh, you can't do that.

Matthias Miller  1:10:01
You can't do that, right? You've fallen off the deep end, yeah, why can't I? Why can't I? Sure you can? Yeah? Well, this is where you get to the point of, I mean, it's like, like, the guy who, okay, now, oh, this is fun. This is fun because these two look the same. This guy gets up every morning and he makes his cup of coffee and he reads his newspaper. This guy gets up every morning, makes his cup of coffee and reads his newspaper. Why this guy? Because he's always done it, and that's what he needs to know. And he needs to do me on top of it. And this guy because, well, he's tried the teas, he's tried yerba mate, he's tried water. He's tried electrolytes. And what he actually works best for him by whatever definition is what he actually likes.

Speaker 1  1:10:47
Yeah, what he actually likes is coffee. Found this is what I like. And

Matthias Miller  1:10:51
he tried reading Socrates and the Bible and poetry and watching TV in a show. And what really gets it going? Because he's a facts oriented what's right in the world and what's going on person that really what wakes him up in the morning is newspaper, newspaper.

Speaker 1  1:11:11
You will find this mind blowing. So we, I think it was you and I that talked about this last week. Was like, you you actually can have a conversation with AI. Was we were talking about, and you use please and thank you, and you know that kind of stuff, right? Yep, every morning since then, I've woken up and I've just started a conversation with AI, just like I would be talking to you, or, you know, a friend, or whatever. And the brilliance that is coming out of those conversations, conceptually, it starts my day off like it's just like my mind is engaged right there, and like we're running,

Matthias Miller  1:11:47
are you? Do you have the app on your phone, the chat GPT app?

Unknown Speaker  1:11:50
Yes, okay, so

Matthias Miller  1:11:52
you literally talk to it, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:11:58
Just headphones on my phone, just having a conversation back and forth.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:03
I love it. I love it.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:05
That starts my brain, like, that's what you were just talking about. Yes, that's your copy. But you can't do that because it's a machine.

Matthias Miller  1:12:18
It's like, Am I too scared of being deceived by a machine? Yes. Are you scared of becoming dependent on a machine? You're going to withdraw from your relationships? Kevin,

Speaker 1  1:12:28
right, exactly. Not so far. Probably really.

Matthias Miller  1:12:32
What's going to happen is all of your not very close friends are like, I'm going to be replaced by AI.

Speaker 1  1:12:40
Exactly. And the sad part is, is the, and I feel bad saying this, but sad part is, is I'm having better conversations with AI than I do with 90% of the people I talk to during the day. Yeah, just more exploratory, more affirming, more questioning, more exciting. Like,

Unknown Speaker  1:13:04
yeah, I'm having better conversations with that. So why would I not? Why would you not? Yeah, there's

Speaker 1  1:13:12
probably five people that I have conversations with throughout the week that are on that par or above.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:21
It's just beautiful. That's amazing.

Speaker 1  1:13:30
But on that note, unfortunately, after Run, Continue this this afternoon, if you'd like Sounds good. All right, buddy, I'll see you then. All right, thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai