Unknown Speaker  02:15
Hey, good morning, Matthias. Good morning, Michael. Good morning. Good morning. How's everybody? Like my favorite term breathing easily? Even easily. That's great. Well, it's Friday. So I'm assuming I think Tory's on working on tomorrow on Saturday. Yeah. Cool.

Speaker 1  02:51
Am I glad question for you. I talked to a guy, he's a vet. He's looking at a big building and building so much doesn't matter. It was more so that he was a vet. And I was curious, I think way back in October, I did have a customer say, Hey, do you offer military discount? And I just kind of held on to that thought, because I think at the time, you approved it, just kind of on a case by case basis. But I was curious as like kind of a back pocket, offer a back pocket thing. Maybe we're not publicly, not on the website or anything like that. But, you know, it came up in conversation that he's, you know, retired Army. And it was interesting enough that I thought, oh, maybe this would be something that would keep them interested. If I were to say, hey, you know, we offer 8% or 7%, or 5%, like for military. So just curious what your thoughts were on that. I know that's not super common, but you do hear from time to time in different industries, that that can be a thing.

Speaker 2  04:00
How do you think he would respond if we use our monthly promotionals and offer them to him? You wouldn't necessarily need to identify that this is our monthly promotion. It could be offered to him? Or hey, what what this is what we can do we can offer him such Do you think Matt would resonate or no?

Speaker 1  04:28
Well, for this particular guy, yeah, I think it probably would. I think I was trying to think of it more holistic as far as just kind of having a plan for when we do have folks on the phone and they are forthcoming and they say, you know, I'm retired Air Force retired. He was in the Marines and they just you catch that in the conversation and then and then it almost opens up like a library of other offers. That could be a way of keeping them as a customer. So I'm sure This guy would probably be, you know, if it was like one of our promos for doors or something that was a non monetary discount directly, he'd probably be up for it. But um, there's a lot of fangled

Speaker 2  05:12
something we could do. Something we could do in this we've done with, in the past with with brick and mortar dealers is giving them giving them the green light anytime there's little, you know, special occasions. So this is in your pocket, offering to customers a free solar light and a free set of magnets at the dealer's discretion. And so, as he needs as he talks through the special little things, say, Oh, by the way, and tossing those, and it becomes a thing that is at their discretion across the board, whether it can be done in conjunction with anything else that we may be doing, it's just one of those little, little.

Speaker 1  05:59
No, that's just that's a low cost item to us that we can then offer nothing, essentially value

Speaker 2  06:05
to them. Yeah, sure, sure. It has a high value or a decent value, but it doesn't actually impact is huge financially. And I would be excited to try that if you think that might work.

Speaker 1  06:20
I'll definitely kind of keep that in mind. I was like a in the back pocket, kind of a deal sweetener for people, I think for for the folks that I've spoken to that our military, they're typically looking for things that are like barns or garages, workshops, they're not typically looking at like cottages or something a little pretty. They're usually like, these guys are just very utility, they're out hunting, like they're putting up a hunting cabin or something like that. And they're thinking of the shed as an option. So I don't know if they would be like enticed by something that seems a little more cosmetic. It seems like they would be more so enticed by, you know, he can take 5% off of my total cost. Like I think that's more the type of person is overall. So it doesn't I don't need an answer today. Honestly, it was just something that came to my mind to have like, kind of a library of options that are available that are just something as we're growing and maturing in conversations with people, we're starting to get a better sense of when that discount is the proper bait to put on the hook. And when it's not like Tori and I were learning that just this January, right? Like we both closed deals without the 10% off and then the yet we had to close deals with the 10% off. So there was this is the subtleties of understanding what will move the customer across the line.

Speaker 2  07:52
One thing that we have done, this was about a year ago, yeah, with brick and mortar, I'm just jogging my mind. And we could possibly bitter en defectiveness would be something down the lines of and we we we then discontinue this do to win last year inputclass went completely completely haywire with lumber prices and margins were just shocked and so, we had to implement material surcharges and it things were crazy last year. So, you discontinued this, but possibly with things stabilized a little bit more could at some point consider this. So, to your point of things and flexibility, there was some feedback on on this idea we had instead of doing a free or light or maintenance sort of needed have in your back pocket, we had allowed brick and mortar dealers to have flexibility of 3% and that could be given as a line item or it could be given as product upgrades up to that number of 3% and was at their discretion to close sales. So giving some flexibility there to take ownership you can act then act as an owner as you talk to the customer and make decisions on the fly by based on what you see is bringing value to the customer. So that varies from customer to customer was near and dear to and you can make those decisions as you go well I'll tell you what I'll do you know and have that you know where your your your boundaries are as long as you buy within those boundaries, you know, you're free to run with it. And is that more down the lines what you think would be more effective? Or?

Speaker 1  10:08
Yep, exactly. Because I think you know, Tori, and I get a quick sense when a person is what they're looking for. It's not always the final price point. But sometimes they won't want to buy the building because they, they wanted to get that prehung door, but they gotta go with the barn door because it puts their price over what they wanted. And, you know, just having we know that we know that that's what's holding them back is because I saw this other building, and it's got the door I really wanted and the price is actually what I'd like to pay. So just in conversation with them having the freedom to, you know, know what the number is, know, the math for their building, and then be able to work it into the deal in an appropriate way, I think would be tremendous. And only using it after they've seen a quote that has no discounts on it whatsoever. And we're just balancing it with their feedback on that. You know, some people are good negotiators. And they say, oh, you know, is this the best you guys can do? And it's like, Yes, this is it. Other folks are more transparent. And they say I just can't do it, because I can't get the insulated windows I want. And I'd rather have insulated windows. And then we can address it by a case by case basis.

Unknown Speaker  11:29
So back on that, Matthias

Matthias Miller  11:32
Yeah. I like having I like having that 3% leeway to to be able to play around with it and see, and customize it to each individual, individual customers within this. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  11:55
So do we have any reason?

Speaker 2  12:06
Not too. Well. So first, first, one more question. For sure. On sorry, thinking? So. We have monthly promotionals? And

Speaker 2  12:36
how do you see that working? If we were to make it giving that option out there you have 3% to deal with at any given time? Or the monthly promotional just don't do them? Makes them? Yeah. And so you would have the option of offering those people the month of promotional or working that with the 3%? To sort of adjust the balance a little bit there. Yeah, how do you see that as as as being like a positive?

Speaker 1  13:14
I do, especially if we do promotionals Michael that are pertaining to different features of the building, instead of flat discounted rates, sometimes we're we might be missing the target on that particular item. So as we we did doors back into summer, and I thought that was great, because that did that did apply to a couple of the deals that we closed was the 50% off their doors. That was those big deal. However, that, you know, one guy had a garage, he didn't, you didn't have doors. So he wasn't able to take part in the promo, because of the style building he was looking for. But having a 3% back pocket offer could have benefited him in that situation because we were willing to look at the full value of his garage, and then negotiate that discount for him. So I do think it's beneficial, but I definitely agree with you not to be used in tandem, but to be used either or depending on the need of the client. And once we kind of hear from them, like what are you using this building for we see the features they're interested in. Honestly, even something as simple as like upgrading them with a loft right like 400 bucks for forefoot loft, taking half of that cost away, depending on total cost of the building. That's a win. Like that's an easy upsell, and it's a win. So some of that I think is where that freedom will help us upsell items, as well as close the deal for the customers. So

Speaker 2  14:56
I'm going to make a proposal that we bring that back back. And it's 3%, set your discretion just go, don't go over that threshold. And you can offer it as just a flat dollars off or as options, bringing in options with that value and just, you know, should not be combined with any other promotional either or. And let's, let's put it back into position let's run with for a month or two, and then let's get feedback. That's working. Matthias, do you see any reason why not to try that?

Matthias Miller  15:42
No, I don't see any reason why not? Like,

Unknown Speaker  15:46
I'll document it and make a

Speaker 2  15:47
proposal that, like, go ahead and start that today. And then maybe Matthias, we bring it back up on Tuesday, when we bring on the all of the brick and mortar dealers as well on that call and making that a point to talk about that, of bringing that back. So everybody's on the same page.

Speaker 1  16:11
I'll put it in the wiki Matthias, just for the sake of what was that percentage? Or how am I supposed to apply this, you know, different parameters that you've outlined here, Michael, and I can send you a copy of that right up over, just make sure it's got your final stamp of approval. Because you know, sometimes if you're not using it on every call, you got to just kind of dust the cobwebs off and make sure you get all your tools and your tool belt sharpened.

Speaker 2  16:34
Perfect. That's great. Now one other thing we should maybe talk about is as we merge brick and mortar dealers with online, I had been doing promotionals with brick and mortar dealers separately. As we were had two different teams. Now, there is a promotional slight promotional difference there. And as we merge these together for February, maybe we should talk about that and make sure we collaborate to have the same message. And I want to gain feedback on this from both of you but I had been doing we have a need. For right now, just specifically we spoke about this a little bit about a week ago, but for one of our shops that is producing vinyl clad buildings. And there's a need for some mortar files right now. So we're bearing that in mind. I had done a promotional for February with the brick and mortar dealers that they could do offer. The free vinyl exterior upgrade from like it starts out with some oversight and then there's an upgrade fee for vinyl that they could do that as a free upgrade to try to stimulate some vinyl exterior sales that we are sort of needing right now. And had made that as an option either or they could either do the designer exterior promotional that I was proposing for February Matthias or a free vinyl exterior upgrade either or not, you know, both of them but obviously both of them but either word choose which one you'd like to do. And dollars off the designer or a free vinyl upgrade. What do you think about that? Marissa and Matthias if we were since we're bringing these two together, we would just run with add that to the portfolio for February with the need there and bringing brick and mortars on and run with that for February but avoid some confusion as we bring these people on

Matthias Miller  19:00
you're saying we would offer the offer the offer would be either one of those

Speaker 2  19:07
Yes, so the designer we have an X amount of dollars off designer you no upgrade right now for each with that would stay but we would just add that they could choose either that one that we've already have in the bag for Online team. Or you could choose a free vinyl upgrade if you decided to go that way. And you'd have an option there

Speaker 1  19:38
it's not too confusing. I mean, I will customers I have spoken with this is probably noticeable on your guys's end. They're not real crazy about vinyl. There aren't too many that choose vinyl that either don't they have To because they're in an HOA and it raise requiring them to match their home. But I don't help think I've had anybody that's had vinyl by choice. They've all chosen the look of designer steel, which we, we know looks fantastic. Or they chosen wood because they like they like the look of it better. Or they like that there's more of a color palette to choose from not, you know, as such a small swatch. So I don't know that folks that aren't kind of like pinned into vinyl really want vinyl. So I think that having it as a free upgrade is a good thing, because you need to sell more vinyl. And that might be something we can provide to generate more interest in vinyl. But it doesn't seem to come across even very often as like the customers very, very much. So wanting a vinyl shed, but the they have a brick house like it's almost always that they just want it because they want it to match there. And they prefer to have designer steel they can afford? Yes, yes.

Speaker 2  21:09
Sure that makes sense. I would agree with that. And what I was thinking was we could just interest, it's already in the portfolio there for the brick and mortar, we could and not to confuse it with the already planned promotional going out that is going to be going out by auto responder for both Indiana and North Carolina and everything, just keep it to a specific thing that it's not a it's not like it's not going to be on the published thing that goes out on the auto responder, it would just be a thing that you have in your pocket for the rest of the February and you can just you can just utilize it as

Unknown Speaker  21:50
Yeah, that'd be awesome, like holding

Speaker 2  21:51
DeLanda sale, and then you would select just be sure to select, you would just need to be sure to select the designer or the vinyl option and then do a line item discount for that actually shows up correctly on there. Right.

Speaker 1  22:04
Okay. Yeah, I think that'll be really good actually. Because even if someone has a argument against designer steel, because of cost, even with the discount, because we know those people are going to be safe saying we can always say well, you know, the next available product as far as quality goes is final, like that's the next most expensive product and we can offer you that at the price of what and that might be a great way to present it to them as like a higher quality value like it and you get a weekend and would that be short term Michael just February or do you want to kind of have that as a back pocket offer until you guys are kind of through the challenge that you're facing with you know, needing to get some of these final orders through I

Speaker 2  22:57
think it would want to make I have represented it as a February promotional with brick and mortar and being having a deadline on that is having something that's you know probably important too. So I think probably just run with that as a February thing by us is what's your thought you give her that?

Matthias Miller  23:22
Yeah, I'm good with that. Do you want Jonathan talking about that promo in ads as well? Or we just want to start waiting till March to start talking about about the promo online

Unknown Speaker  23:37
you're talking about the vinyl thing.

Matthias Miller  23:40
Yeah, the vinyl vinyl and and metal or you were saying you were saying don't talk about the vinyl in the auto responder just talk about metal and the auto responder

Speaker 2  23:56
that's what I was sort of thinking and then maybe we could also because the metal one we discussed with Indiana and agreed upon doing that so publishing it out there is universal vinyl is not something that Indiana is doing and I sort of hate to publish it out there and it customers confused on it. But then also we could test out a little bit get some feedback on having promotionals that are only in your pocket to offer to customers that are not public positions and see how the effect is on people like surprised like hey, what we can do for you and see how that is versus something that's published like the designer tried to gain some knowledge on the effectiveness of either all at the same time. Okay.

Speaker 2  24:56
But if you don't think that talking about this In advertising for Jonathan on the metal, is were you thinking something different than that? Not talking or talking about it?

Matthias Miller  25:06
No, I Well, I hadn't really formulated an opinion at this point, to be honest. I would love to. I'm not sure what this is this goes into bigger conversation, I think we should just roll with this, like, like this for this month. I would love to be able to lead with some other offers as well, that aren't discount related. But bigger conversations, like what's happening Agree.

Speaker 2  25:40
Agree, I think there's a good good point, there are value driven customers that do buy and then there are people that buy because of some promotional, and I can, I can confirm to that, due to having some some deals having been made this past January, where there was a couple of deals made that were done without any discounts at all, a whole bunch of upgrades where it seems like there are still customers, where it seems like we can get into this phenomena that everybody is going to require a discount, or they won't buy. And that's always the you know, going to be the gonna be the obstacle that are but I think there is probably doesn't hold true, then that's always the obstacle for sure.

Unknown Speaker  26:37
Right. I agree with that for sure.

Speaker 2  26:46
One little comment here, just wanted to make sure that Marissa did you see in the resource center in notion that the shed dimensions should now be there and ready to roll?

Speaker 1  26:58
No, I did not. I will check that up here. So

Speaker 2  27:02
you can make sure if you see it, they should be right underneath a tab right underneath the engineer.

Speaker 1  27:08
Okay. Yes. Logging in there right now, engineer. Wayne's shared dimensions. Hey, look at that. Oh, that's awesome.

Speaker 2  27:21
Then there should be like a breakdown for all the different models where you can hit. Yeah, perm is there and you can open it and it looks like properly like functioning.

Speaker 1  27:33
Yeah, it looks good. Um, I'm looking at the group of vinyl ones right now. So vinyl barn vinyl Deluxe vinyl standard, is Deluxe, referring to that tall vinyl.

Speaker 2  27:50
Vinyl Deluxe. So that was some terminology there. The vinyl Deluxe is. So there's a wholesale account that has a shed. And that's some previous terminology on Deluxe that encompasses a tall wall and the overhang package combined.

Speaker 1  28:10
at it, that makes sense. Yeah, these are amazing. I love these these drawings are incredible. Oh, this is gonna

Speaker 2  28:20
be the same thing. A lot. Deluxe would be the same thing tall with overhangs a frame that would be but that

Speaker 1  28:29
thank you so much for having these added. This is wonderful. And it just the visualization if you've been held this stud, and flooring and the trusses underneath the flooring, like it is awesome. I think this will help customers online a lot be able to visualize what they're purchasing. Wow, I like great drawings to the even the they're just so professional. That wasn't what I was expecting my gloves expecting a long list of you know dimensions for different sizes. This is an incredible visual aid that will really really help folks that are you know, planning for the space that they need for the interior. This is awesome

Speaker 1  29:18
I will love to make sure to share this with Cory maybe in a quick email I can drop her a link to it because she was I know a big part of a good chunk of her customers base she's had this conversation with on on dimension. So I know she'll be really excited to see this as well.

Speaker 2  29:40
I think it'll be helpful for having people do ask for some of these dimensions having a professional. Yeah, I think it'll eat that you can send to them. It'll the image of who we are and what we're providing. And, you know,

Speaker 1  29:55
yes, I agree. And I even think I mean just to make sure it's is not in your engineer drawing. So to provide them this photograph, there is no charge to provide this to them, correct?

Speaker 2  30:07
That That's correct. And it's simply dimensional telling you dimensions on it. It has not been engineered like the engineer drunk.

Speaker 1  30:17
Okay. Yeah, I can even see us. I can see us incorporating this into our early outreaches with people in their quoting in the quoting process, depending on the size building that they're looking at, or the pitch of the roof that they choose because it answers a lot of questions upfront, which is awesome

Unknown Speaker  30:42
awesome, thank you so much.

Unknown Speaker  30:53
Any other items this morning, gentleman?

Unknown Speaker  30:57
I don't have anything

Speaker 1  31:01
good here. Awesome. Very good. Well, thanks for the dialogue this morning on all the discounts in that strategy. That's a big strategy to consider

Speaker 2  31:14
find it interesting how rewarding our conversations can go in every every direction. So good.

Unknown Speaker  31:25
Yeah, it's like a shotgun. Everybody

Speaker 2  31:29
else for whatever, you know, the questions may be whether they're product related or sales related or tech related or doesn't matter. So good.

Unknown Speaker  31:49
Monday, Monday's call brings me Have a good weekend. Take care. Bye


Transcribed by https://otter.ai