Matthias Miller  00:04
Okay, so I want to go through the process of how to set up a meeting agenda. So the first thing that we're going to do is we're going to go in here to incident new incident. And we're going to create a new incident that's called meeting agenda, and then the name of the person, and then we're going to put in parent incident here, we're going to assign it to myself, we're going to, I don't know that it needs a priority, in fact, we're probably going to put it let's put a low priority on it. And I am going to actually create a new one. That is called administration. Actually, you know what, we're gonna put this, I think we're just going to put this under administration, I'm going to pause recording one moment, and we'll be right back. Okay, I'm back. So then you're going to set the type, you know, the type will be blank, when you come in here, you're going to set it to executive clearance, and you are going to save this incident. Now, next thing that we need to do is we need to auto create.

Matthias Miller  01:49
Okay, so I'm going to show you how to do this manually. And at some point in the future, we're going to automate this process a little bit. So we've got a meeting agenda here for Dwayne Burkholder. Sets, I have got weekly meetings with him. And so then what I want you to do is, so we'll create the parent incident here. And then what we'll do is we'll create a child incident. And the will have a meeting agenda, and then we'll do so for example, next time I was supposed to meet with him, is on the seventh, which you can see here, this guy right here, OST 2020 30207, and agenda and then whatever agenda items you collect from here from him or myself, you put in here, once again assigned to myself will do if actually, I'm going to use I didn't see we have the nine future, let's use the nine feature because that's, that is what it is. And then we'll do a due date. And we will do a executive clearance again, which makes it because some of these notes are internal. And then there's the other thing we're going to do, actually, you're going to see this part here you don't have to pay attention to but I'm going to create a new snippet for this since it's for incidents, this is going to be for incident executive clearance, we're going to include this and it's going to be agenda

Matthias Miller  03:40
Alright, so that means now, so forget what I said earlier, when you set this up, we're going to put all this stuff up. And like I said, we're going to automate this in the future. And we're going to do a snippet. From Matthias meeting agenda, you're gonna hit append, boom, you're gonna stick in whatever agenda items you've got. And I'm actually going to

Matthias Miller  04:13
go gonna put meeting agenda at the top, so that, okay, that's gonna be released a little more parallel. Something like that. So we have the agenda, the notes, the action items. And then we're gonna put together the process for you. What I like to do is, you know, have you been involved in circling back looking with action items are getting with me about putting those action items on my calendar, making sure they don't get missed, make sure that you follow up on et cetera, et cetera. And we need this for we're gonna go ahead and create the rest of the let me just copy this one a few times. So we're gonna have one four

Matthias Miller  05:02
Insights sales. I'm going to call this insight sales team. And this is for I'll put notes in there periodically based in the morning meetings, but well, maybe we need a different way to do that. This is the weekly meet meeting for that. Let's see what else we got. Oh. And then we need one for with Ellis. And then we're gonna do one for Josh. What else? Let me see what else got recurring. And some of the other ones Tim and in. We have recurring but it's less important to have those. I think the only question is do we want one four? In the morning team huddles, I don't know about the answer and the answer to that. So

Matthias Miller  06:12
we'll we'll start with this sort of weekly basis. Anytime I'm meeting with somebody. We're gonna go ahead and create these weekly basis and feature we'll automate it. So there you go.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai