Unknown Speaker  01:00
Can you hear me sir? Yep

Speaker 1  01:03
I don't have any video but I'm gonna I'm gonna try to talk less loud than normal so as I'm sitting in a coffee shop I'm good

Matthias Miller  01:20
all right we have a whole list of stuff

Unknown Speaker  01:28
starting with

Matthias Miller  01:35
let's start with that commission report

Speaker 1  01:42
so I went I went back and was like testing it on past months and it wasn't pulling all sales so unfortunately I'm on a very small screen so you're probably going to have to share screen so that we can evaluate this

Matthias Miller  02:03
you were comparing it against well

Speaker 1  02:06
okay well let's just do let's do January against I was comparing it against like salespeople right Yep, there you go. They had some sales for for Indiana district in January.

Speaker 1  03:10
an FYI Josh fix the the sales cancellation thing now I don't know if it deleted out historical cancellations but just know that Josh said he fixed it

Matthias Miller  03:27
well here's this

Matthias Miller  03:33
Everything Is Everything is canceled because well the sale multiplier

Unknown Speaker  03:52
missiles

Matthias Miller  04:03
there is so big students doing something funny

Matthias Miller  04:15
well that's Oh my house

Matthias Miller  04:44
hold on one. We've said six

Matthias Miller  04:58
Well, it's closer. I don't know if that's Everything did everything

Unknown Speaker  05:04
well jump over to sales come back on his sales curve

Matthias Miller  05:12
it's 1.216 79 Yeah let's let's run this thing through like another sales day yet or not but let's run this through first of all let's see when this sale actually happened so this one was one six okay so 16321 So let's just do this today enslave this guy to

Unknown Speaker  05:58
so today

Matthias Miller  06:12
yep that's something that matches the core code

Unknown Speaker  06:25
once I click on that thing why does it why does it work? Yeah go ahead and click on it

Matthias Miller  06:34
now can't

Unknown Speaker  06:41
look in modification history

Matthias Miller  06:46
it's not good February

Speaker 1  06:50
silly me I was looking at the bottom grouping thinking that's your cancel group nevermind I'm an idiot

Matthias Miller  06:55
got canceled culture doesn't reject that for today

Speaker 1  07:06
okay so let's do this let's look at do the same thing for Ohio change just change your district leave the same date range and then just grab grab the change yourself go to Ohio we're looking at 300 Was it

Matthias Miller  07:31
six re 90 There were some ones in week one that we're before

Matthias Miller  07:51
you Nevermind 108 New York test that one's canceled the eighth Okay, well let's go to go to year three eight

Matthias Miller  08:20
if you do 408 this minus this

Speaker 1  08:29
but why does the February one not show why is there not a cancellation for the February one? That New York test one where's the oh no nevermind CmdLine No, no don't Oh, yeah, I do know but am I nearby? No. I got okay

Matthias Miller  08:50
three three

Matthias Miller  08:58
does this take cancellations into accounts? I would hope

Unknown Speaker  09:03
so. It would be embarrassing if it didn't. Your whole sales curve.

Unknown Speaker  09:11
Yeah.

Matthias Miller  09:20
It's not canceled. It just it's just historical numbers. So which of these were sold? In January? That's the question.

Unknown Speaker  09:31
You're saying sale dates at the end.

Matthias Miller  09:34
Oh, look at you go. No, that's the cancellation things.

Unknown Speaker  09:38
Okay, now, well then drop your

Matthias Miller  09:41
Oh, this one

Matthias Miller  09:48
all right through them. We're not doing this right.

Matthias Miller  10:01
No it would be this plus this is what we expect to see in the United 649839 Okay, this one this is different with the sales curve because this one is a cancellation from the prior month so it never says

Speaker 1  10:32
okay sale date was James okay say that one more time repeat that back to didn't quite so cute

Matthias Miller  10:39
this one was sold in October September and canceled in January

Unknown Speaker  10:47
okay what's what's the sale date column then?

Matthias Miller  10:50
What's what is that it's the sales slash cancel I mean it's the this is the effective date let's change this

Speaker 1  11:14
if you have your cancel if you if you have your cancellation data at the right hand side but let's just make a straight up sale date on the left hand side

Unknown Speaker  11:25
alright

Matthias Miller  11:34
it's a big guy just been in both over here so this isn't exactly right this should be.

Matthias Miller  13:07
Scroll down to that

Speaker 1  13:08
those cancellations 90 And see that's perfect that allows you to evaluate it and

Unknown Speaker  13:16
yeah that makes a lot

Unknown Speaker  13:26
just do this

Matthias Miller  13:41
don't know where we actually went

Unknown Speaker  13:58
yeah that'd be right sale date plus low cancel they

Matthias Miller  14:10
go yeah perfect perfect perfect

Matthias Miller  14:29
Alright, so for the I can make this change but for the tentative delivery date, you just want to change it to exclude anything on a start. Well, let me back up anything want to commission report?

Matthias Miller  14:46
Sorry. Anything more on the condition date?

Unknown Speaker  14:50
I think that's I think we're I think we're cooking with gas.

Matthias Miller  14:53
Okay, so as far as the Delivery Email you just want to exclude anything It's scheduled for a Sunday.

Speaker 1  15:08
Okay, here's the process happening, and he's currently reading backcross my notes

Speaker 1  15:25
I would exclude anything, that

Speaker 1  15:39
okay, well, I mean, the first section excluded. Yeah. Anything on Sunday? And I don't know if you want to make a differentiation between tentative dates and an

Matthias Miller  15:49
actual scheduled date. Yeah, I would. And as

Speaker 1  15:57
far as the parameters on on a tentative date, it will be scheduled date and color aside, but not confirmed.

Matthias Miller  16:01
Yeah, just like this. So we can delivery. If it's confirmed, then we confirmed it for but if it's scheduled for

Speaker 1  16:24
I actually think, shouldn't you? Shouldn't you refine your completed delivery on by building? Final Destination? Are you already doing that in the building look complete?

Matthias Miller  16:39
Doing that already here. Okay. So if we modify the build date, and we do that, if they modify the customer, any of the customer information, then we?

Matthias Miller  16:57
Yeah. Okay, well, that takes care of that.

Unknown Speaker  17:05
Would there be value in in all dealers getting this like all truepoint? dealers?

Matthias Miller  17:15
Well, probably I don't mind expanding it. I

Speaker 1  17:23
mean, part of me says, I think they're already they're already the majority feeling that I don't remember. But

Matthias Miller  17:30
let's hold off on that for now. Hold off on that.

Speaker 1  17:34
I want to see I want to see where we're going with on some of this other health delivery stuff and so forth. Or hope hope manufactured manufacturing concept that we're working on. Yeah, just hold on off on this for now. Let's leave just tripping on

Matthias Miller  17:57
copying Wayne on leads. In and principal and good idea. Do we copy him on leads for both districts? Just for Indiana?

Unknown Speaker  18:13
I think it would be only Indiana.

Speaker 1  18:20
I mean, I would expect Mike to get North Carolina leads and in waiting to get Indiana Turk. Yeah. And Wayne, Indiana. I don't know. How would you how are you making that

Matthias Miller  18:29
distinction? Or how would you make that distinction? Well,

Speaker 1  18:41
total total sidenote. last conversation we had, you said what opportunity report Am I using? I'm actually using your online sales team opportunity report in my brick and mortar

Matthias Miller  18:52
user profile. What we need to do though, is we need to go through your restricted profile and figure out what the difference are between the two and then consolidations? Well, not not today, Barnaby.

Unknown Speaker  19:07
I need a way bigger screen for that.

Matthias Miller  19:10
So I guess my question is, I mean, I can temporarily hard coded in there. I just

Speaker 1  19:16
Well, okay. Here's the thing. If you want to push this one off, I still have Trello running for Indiana. What Trello is only currently copying No, I mean it is. Okay. Excellent. Follow back up. Are you sending Do you have it set up to send dealers a notification by email from assist when a new lead comes in? But then they would and they just get a URL of the new lead Correct.

Matthias Miller  19:49
Well, we get the whole kit and caboodle. Let me show you one.

Matthias Miller  20:00
Like the type of information here.

Speaker 1  20:04
So then I really should turn off Trello 100%?

Matthias Miller  20:08
Well, as soon as we get, let me do this, it makes me wince a bit, but is there anything anywhere that says who the sales manager is? revealer? No,

Speaker 1  20:25
there is not. That would be the right way to do that. Well, okay, no, no, no, no. What? Why wouldn't we make this? Okay? Why wouldn't we make this like a district record or a company record? Probably, you know, probably a district record, where you assign the district sales manager onto the district record, and he gets copied on this stuff.

Speaker 1  20:58
Well, that being said, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, it is a sales rep. It is a sales rep. Because in the future, I fully expect there to be more than one sales manager. Right? And you're gonna start you're going to start dividing your sales reps up by sales managers. So yes, it is on the sales sales rep record, I

Matthias Miller  21:17
would say Well, here's what we're going to do for now.

Matthias Miller  21:48
I need your email.

Speaker 1  21:50
You be at 389 and he will let that

Speaker 1  22:09
you're no longer using the summary section on the on the dealer record. Are you for the round robin clocked in thing right? You're doing that now? By the checkboxes? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  22:19
I believe so. I haven't. I can't remember for sure.

Speaker 1  22:25
I was gonna suggest we could use the summary field for looking a name.

Matthias Miller  22:47
Second,

Speaker 1  22:49
is this recent, the Google Maps URL on the contact record?

Matthias Miller  22:57
Yeah, well, I don't Yeah, I think so. I think we added it for another client. You guys got it for free

Speaker 1  23:12
if we if we tied Is there any way we could tie sales orders to real contact records, which means we could get real addressing which means that we could tie that into logistics. I need to talk to Josh

Matthias Miller  23:24
to really get back to the opportunity and we can find the find

Unknown Speaker  23:37
out that could make mapping a whole lot more fun.

Matthias Miller  23:42
Mapping is fun with no sales what does that go to those sales was that mean? You sent an email. Okay, so Wayne is now getting copied should be getting copied on new leads. Just for Indiana. Yeah, let me let me try one thing just to make sure that he assignments

Unknown Speaker  24:09
are you saying coach with no sales? What?

Matthias Miller  24:12
Can you send me a text message you can go back and figure out what you were saying. Signal? Yeah. After we we've talked about copying of Jenny, Jenny Jenny's Carolina.

Speaker 1  24:30
Oh, I know what this is about and this is the way okay, this is the multi pane thing. I need to ask you how to do this better.

Unknown Speaker  24:45
We check that

Speaker 1  25:06
you're whipping up a lot of magic and user and user reports stuff. We're gonna have to start hearts. We're gonna have to start making some of this the standard.

Matthias Miller  25:13
Yeah, I know. Same Same thing. That's why we have each other accountability man.

Speaker 1  25:18
We, we are in dangerous territory, but it's kind of fun. I will say.

Matthias Miller  25:23
It's really nice. Okay, so reports then Okay, so what did you mean about

Speaker 1  25:27
okay? So there is a Okay, when you're doing multi pane reports the second the multiple if there's nothing in the primary report the secondary pain even though there should be stuff in the secondary pain fields nothing like it's blank until there's something in the primary report. So is there a way around that

Matthias Miller  25:59
what's the use?

Speaker 1  26:01
Well, the use case is okay, so a brand new dealer that has no sales the quotes the sales and quotes report the quotes like there's quotes there but there's there's no sales so if you can't see your quotes

Speaker 1  26:19
I literally went and made a dummy sale for for this new dealer so I can see quotes.

Matthias Miller  26:25
This is somebody who doesn't

Unknown Speaker  26:30
it would be under brick and mortar.

Matthias Miller  26:31
Let's just do this. So something like this correctly, or is there a separate report for this one too? Okay. Don't

Unknown Speaker  26:41
go to go to brick and mortar folder go to recent sales.

Matthias Miller  26:53
Which one? This one?

Unknown Speaker  26:56
Put put in Nathan? As the contact?

Unknown Speaker  27:01
area? Well, there you go.

Matthias Miller  27:08
Okay, but there is no context lesson. So why would you want something in the sub pane? No, go back and select Nathan. You put something in the context? Yeah. did that on purpose to see what it was? Oh, gotcha.

Unknown Speaker  27:26
Nathan, mon Tang, I think is the guy's name.

Matthias Miller  27:35
There you go. Got your? Yeah. You're the Frank.

Speaker 1  27:42
So that test building there. If we delete that sale, then we get nothing. Because he doesn't currently have any sales yet.

Speaker 1  28:03
I have a couple that do this. And I'm just curious. It only happens when a new deal is once a deal is up and running, then nobody cares anymore. But it's like the first instance of this always gets into trouble.

Matthias Miller  28:43
Well, we could have a this is chunkier than janky.

Speaker 1  28:48
Okay, let me ask you, let me ask you a different question. So is there any way for a something report to talk to the Ask prompt on the primary report?

Matthias Miller  28:58
No, they have to be passed through. Gotcha.

Speaker 1  29:03
So then it's an issue of my secondary report not or which one should should? How should you pass it? Which is

Matthias Miller  29:10
what's your pain orders? Why would you put quotes on the left and sales in the right like if you don't have any quotes?

Speaker 1  29:15
Like, okay, smarty pants. That's a brilliant idea. I didn't think of that.

Matthias Miller  29:20
But yeah, what'd you just go do that?

Speaker 1  29:24
Well, okay, there is another one. So there's really no what you're saying is there's really no way around it.

Unknown Speaker  29:34
Let me

Matthias Miller  29:47
just check

Matthias Miller  30:10
But I mean, the the other way around it is, let's go pick a random sales order that just show it for everybody. Regardless, so we always have a row.

Speaker 1  30:21
Now, I mean, I liked the idea of switching them around just if you can, if you come up with a way to actually pass them, or if you can tell me how to pass stuff, or another way to get around this, it's otherwise it's fine. The other issue, the other issue is, on my main page, next to the to do, I have a report that's running. And if you happen to clean up all your dues, and you have no current to dues within that report, this appears to be another use

Unknown Speaker  30:46
case for this.

Speaker 1  30:49
And that's the I have a record right beside my to do list on the on the front page that tells me what buildings are coming up

Matthias Miller  30:57
for manufacturing. Got it.

Speaker 1  31:01
And now granted, I could put that thing somewhere else, it was a great place to have it. So it's like the first thing a dealer sees, but unless I can figure out how to pass information and get that thing to run, there's no twos kind of. Again, I could probably switch them around. But that would that would be another use case there. You're just kind of like, Okay, what's next?

Matthias Miller  31:27
So we're getting out of area leads in assists, but and they're gonna get emailed to me. Should they get emailed us? And I mean, I don't think the only reason that a very leads matter is when you're doing it when you're doing lead pricing through Google or Facebook. Right. And, yeah, we don't want to overspend, but you're just straight up gonna get these sometimes.

Speaker 1  31:56
Short. But here's the only thing I'm a little bit concerned about. Because, well, I know Wayne, and I know how Michael thought in the very beginning of this thing is they literally are stacking all of these leads coming up and going, then when you start doing reporting, of how many leads came in, in a certain timeframe, then you're like, Well, my stack doesn't show these were the recipients of the thing.

Matthias Miller  32:17
Well, so do you want do you want out of area leads to go to both of them?

Speaker 1  32:23
Thanks. So that's not just albeit, okay, here's the only thing that bothers me. How do we look okay, for getting out of area leads. Okay, let me back up and say this, can you there is a report that I grabbed off of your management tab for online sales leads, or online sales teams, I forget there was like Indiana lead assignment or something like that. I wonder if we build like out of area lead report and assist that every so often, I can just take like, drop into a Google Map and map them just to start to see like, because what would be really, really interesting to me, if you start to see a bunch of other area leads just outside of a particular area. And if you said well, if I just expand my sales day a little bit, I can start to grab this stuff.

Matthias Miller  33:11
Well, you've got him here. These are the ones that weren't assigned to anybody. And here's the customer's name.

Unknown Speaker  33:20
Okay, where's this one?

Matthias Miller  33:23
No, it's here, it's a janky report, but

Speaker 1  33:31
I don't mind janky. I just want to be able to go every so often, and like drop this stuff into zip into like a Google Map and like, you know, zip codes and go Oh, interesting, you know. So, you know, we can continually evaluate this partially because I think in the Indiana is going to be a bigger issue on this one because the port lot actually bumped up against some pretty large suburbs of Chicago. And one of the things we were looking at is I grabbed a bunch of the unassigned stuff and drop them into a Google map to see where they're pinning on it. And what I want to continually do is evaluate around Chicago area to say should we be expanding report a lot to get to grab some of these leads? The issue is because of how Chicago is what's say 60 7080 miles because of traffic becomes a nightmare to get a building over there. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  34:40
Makes sense.

Matthias Miller  34:49
Okay, what's next?

Matthias Miller  34:56
Maybe I can't do this

Matthias Miller  35:03
I wanted to see if that won't work okay did we make sure round robins working for these guys?

Speaker 1  35:15
I saw new leads coming into the CRM what I don't know

Matthias Miller  35:20
what you're right but am I right about

Matthias Miller  35:36
oh I did not switch these

Matthias Miller  35:44
did not switch the clock in and the round robin still here

Speaker 1  35:48
and I'm glad I went and copy the clock in and round robin thing is your clock in clock out? X 30? Is it? Is it still doing the summary or is it actually checking on checking the box?

Matthias Miller  36:01
No excuse me right now.

Speaker 1  36:06
Okay, currently, currently all dealers that are getting leads inside of assist have both done so it's up to you when you want to make that change.

Matthias Miller  36:16
I'll make a note to myself to fix it. But I mean, everything else should work on the Dory, Indiana because we find the dealer and do a round robin within the dealer. We're going to make some changes to Round Robin. For the brick and mortar they're gonna get 50 mile they're gonna get first

Unknown Speaker  36:36
probably finally finishing that

Matthias Miller  36:39
well we're actually changing that completely I'm going to pull those fields or we're going to do instead is is for brick and mortar primary dealer gets How is it? If a primary dealer is clocked in they get those leads No How is it? Oh, that's gonna be a problem though. I did not think that through.

Speaker 1  37:10
Okay, so here's my here's my only concern is that because Indiana and North Carolina are kind of working on the same platform they are going to have different preferences on on some of the controls on that so just my only concern is that up have flexibility on on how those those controls works. In other words, North Carolina or Indiana Mike's well I guess if you've never assigned a primary and secondary dealer it's always primarily been Indiana could be there whatever they want, right. Right.

Matthias Miller  37:43
So what I was thinking was

Matthias Miller  37:55
I need a checkbox that says prioritize me if I am prior prioritize me if I'm clocked in, or I'm exclusive when I'm plugged in

Speaker 1  38:13
so from a spec standpoint, what changed from the original idea

Matthias Miller  38:18
instead of having an overflow dealer we now allow we're going to handle additional dealers so that these can be spread across multiple dealers and then you know the online sales team for brick and mortar dealers through this things that are assigned to them they will get exclusive plockton leads and then all other leads are going to be distributed on a rolling seven day

Speaker 1  38:49
number of leads to no longer do the day limitation on the number No, gotcha

Matthias Miller  38:58
prioritize. Yeah, gotcha. Gotcha.

Unknown Speaker  39:03
Do you have a written written spec on this?

Matthias Miller  39:08
Why would we need one

Unknown Speaker  39:11
because we want documentation on this stuff?

Matthias Miller  39:13
No, I agree.

Speaker 1  39:17
Did you just say why would we need one that correct me. If you have it shoot it to me or if you make shoot it to me, I just want to read Carlson.

Matthias Miller  39:33
Okay, so just explain how we're planning to do it. Within a 50 mile radius, it's exclusive to the dealer when they're clocked in. For for everybody else, it gets distributed to if anybody's tucked in, it gets distributed to anybody that is for that dealer or for for whom it has an associated additional dealer and After hours, it gets distributed to any group brick and mortar and online. And then and we distribute them no longer based on who went the longest without one but who had the fewest in the last seven days

Speaker 1  40:22
and the radius will still be governed governed by the zip code list. Got it? Well, let me know when you make that when we're when we're going live with that because you're going to regret the proportion the zip code list

Matthias Miller  40:36
Yeah, Tuesday morning is when we will not want to take it live

Unknown Speaker  40:45
well, I guess I know what I'm doing Monday

Matthias Miller  40:54
Yeah, I have a lot of stuff that I'm doing Monday between now and Monday actually.

Speaker 1  41:00
What I mean so what what send me an email telling me exactly what you want the rings to look like? Or not exactly what they want like is it just is it literally just 50 mile rings rallies dealer or what? What are the parameters

Matthias Miller  41:22
for each dealer, assign zip codes within a 50 mile radius with the.

Matthias Miller  42:17
coming your way.

Matthias Miller  42:24
You said what is sales message? And could we integrate? And what about you know, what are your questions?

Unknown Speaker  42:29
Hold on, let me finish typing.

Speaker 1  42:38
Okay. So I could have wholesale buy in from Indiana dealers if, if we bridge this gap. Okay, outbound email, understand that's not a big deal. inbound email is the question. I know that was probably a further a further step on say integrating, like text messaging. Go ahead.

Matthias Miller  43:06
So inbound email requires some work from my end, it's going to be happening in the next couple of weeks, I anticipate. And what we're going to do is going to, it requires a little bit of configuration in their Gmail. And then it requires me to put that username and password in the settings and assist. And we are going to only import emails that are to or from somebody for whom an active prospect exists. And then we're gonna have automation that pushes this stuff into a communication records as well. So

Speaker 1  43:45
is it safe to say q1 are just going to flow over into q2, you think?

Matthias Miller  43:51
I'm hoping q1 I'm hoping in a couple of weeks here I want to start getting metrics on some other stuff.

Speaker 1  43:56
Okay, so if I if I go back to Wayne and say, we expect to have Okay, sorry. What about text message can text can the sales method sales message support? Can you integrate sales message into assist that you can detect message in and out?

Matthias Miller  44:18
Remastered? Yeah, like literally from within assist?

Speaker 1  44:23
Well, in some way, some way that it would like the big thing I got from these guys is not so much that the

Speaker 1  44:38
note to me, this feels a little bit juvenile when I on some of this, but this idea that I would have to copy, you know, my messages into communication records makes

Matthias Miller  44:48
sense. And I'll be importing them into communication records. Yes, so what I'm going to do is I'm going to create a daily Converse They shouldn't read communication that has all inbound and outbound messages. And then as far as sending messages, what you need to do is you need to go click a sorry, what do you need?

Speaker 1  45:16
Okay, so let's just say this way. So what you're saying is that it is safe to say we will have inbound outbound text messaging capable inside or from the CRM, in some form or fashion,

Matthias Miller  45:28
it's going to show up in the communication record, and then just send it, there's an extension that turns the phone number is a link, you just click the link to send a text. Got it? Beautiful. I mean, that's

Speaker 1  45:39
okay. And you expect, we could, again, q1, or pull over into q2,

Matthias Miller  45:46
I don't think it's going to get rolled over into q2, I really, really want to get this stuff nailed down.

Speaker 1  45:57
Okay, last thing on on CRM. And maybe we should make this a cue to goal is to say, to get standardized reporting, the district managers pipeline. And one of the other things I would really love to do is I know that you had a pipeline, CRM type report built, but I really would like to have that on a front page on a page in their restricted user profiles. So that they can see their pipeline, like, you know, in graphs and like you had already had something started like this.

Matthias Miller  46:30
Give me like, this guy or something else.

Speaker 1  46:33
Hold on. I'm not currently. I don't know go to go to Sales

Matthias Miller  46:41
tab. Oh, yeah, I get what you're saying. This guy? Yeah.

Speaker 1  46:47
Something like that. I think we want to start, like the follow up thing. And the those two bottom smalti pains, I think, are fairly irrelevant. Because I mean, I guess you could be I don't know, I would love to see something like this become the front page of the CRM. Yeah. And then I really want to build, we really need to build some metrics like this per dealer that can be shot out to district managers.

Matthias Miller  47:16
So one of the things that's on my list, I would really like to get Torian and Marissa are very gung ho about let's go get more metrics about what we're yes about stuff. Once once, like once sales message integration is in here, we can run reports on when are people most likely to take phone calls. We can automate what leads are qualified, which leads or not, we can build reports to say, these clicks led to a phone conversation, or we got an email or text from this person. Like there's this whole host of the opens up from this, I kind of feel like the big challenge is nailing down what metrics are actually meaningful. And what are the driving metrics that people should keep their eye on at all times?

Speaker 1  48:02
So so fascinating metric IQs fall, I was showing Active Campaign to Wayne and Calvin, and we dug a little bit into metrics, apparently, Tuesdays at 9am is the highest timeframe that customers actually open their emails through to node.

Matthias Miller  48:21
Interesting. I don't know why. That's the metrics on it.

Speaker 1  48:29
But yes, like that building, I mean, some of this stuff, I think is just like a CRM metrics that district managers want to know within their seat, then there's metrics that you and sales people want to know. And I think we just need to kind of build out a suite of reports that can be one that can be automated out to district managers, so they can see what they want. And I mean, this probably can roll into q2, but I'm, I am super excited. I was I was surprised at the actual uptake to the CRM conversation with Indiana's dealers, they were actually fairly receptive to it. If we can get the email and text message thing resolved. And the longer I use our CRM, the more I will, I am super happy but make sure it doesn't have the nice colors and frills and all that kind of stuff that you know, a dedicated CRM has, but still the integration piece is huge.

Matthias Miller  49:28
Yeah, it is.

Speaker 1  49:33
One of the one of the key things that got Floyd actually on board was the fact that I went and found a customer that he had quoted, and because you're already matching that stuff up, I could open the opportunity open up the the sales and estimates and there was reckless his quotes right there. Now, that being said, one of the things I do really, really want you to do is, if it's a quote and it's on that report of estimates and sales orders is that there's a visualizer button that you can drive directly from that report straight into the visualizer. So if you go look up an opportunity, or look up a customer lookup opportunity, and you find that say that quote, you can drive it right back into the visualizer. And by that building, so that workflow kind of flows together.

Matthias Miller  50:24
Oh, review that. This is on the quotes page.

Speaker 1  50:29
I don't know what which Okay, share your screen again and just pull up an opportunity that has an estimate

Matthias Miller  50:52
Well, these don't have these aren't showing. We're

Speaker 1  50:56
so one of your quoted ones scope go down here to one of our quoted ones. Okay.

Matthias Miller  51:08
Yeah, estimates and

Speaker 1  51:09
sales orders. If that if that actually drove into the Visualize that that would be beautiful.

Matthias Miller  51:13
Well, you might have multiple

Speaker 1  51:17
graphs, but there's, there's really no, there's really no sense to go into the sales order record. At this point, I would two things I would add to this, I would add the ability on the on the road to get the quote sheet and the builder diagram and drive you straight into the visualizer.

Matthias Miller  51:39
This is how people are getting in early. So if

Speaker 1  51:44
you happen to look at a customer and the opportunity, and if your workflow actually goes this direction, I want to be able to get you back into the visualizer straight from this point without having to back pedal back over to your quotes page to actually get to visualize it

Matthias Miller  52:01
does that make sense? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  52:16
Great Awesome.

Unknown Speaker  52:23
Well, Happy Friday.

Matthias Miller  52:25
Happy Friday travels.

Speaker 1  52:33
So what was that thing I sent to you? When I was out there fluids with the website was choked on that on what was the deal with it

Matthias Miller  52:45
was a tracking in place to figure out which page that came from. And I made a programming error that I build a patch in my testing, and it killed about half our lead flow for 10 days. And yes, I am embarrassed and humiliated and chagrin but

Unknown Speaker  53:05
you were reminded that you're human.

Matthias Miller  53:08
Yep, exactly. I'm actually not that emotionally distraught. But it is more like this detached realization of an unfortunate set of circumstances that I was the responsible party to

Unknown Speaker  53:26
we're all fixed now. Right? As

Matthias Miller  53:31
I said, we're all fixed now. Yeah. Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. To be good.

Unknown Speaker  53:38
Are they? I'm out of here. Alright. Sounds good.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai