Matthias Miller  00:20
Good morning. Hey, good morning. How are you this morning? I'm good. How about you? Good morning call this hour sure cancel your call for later he sent the message

Matthias Miller  00:37
got it you want to go ahead and cancel the reputation call as well and we got to be paired with that

Unknown Speaker  01:12
Good morning.

Speaker 1  01:13
Hey, good morning Tori. How are you?

Unknown Speaker  01:17
I'm good. How are you?

Unknown Speaker  01:19
I'm doing good.

Speaker 2  01:22
Mother here we signing some weights. All 30 came to me so I'm working on that right now. Getting some over to Marissa.

Unknown Speaker  01:33
Sorry, you broke up. I missed that.

Unknown Speaker  01:35
I'm currently reassigning some leads. 30 of them came to me throughout the weekend. So I'm trying to spread them out a little bit. Share the fun. Would you say? Oh yeah. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  02:54
Thanks, Michael,

Unknown Speaker  02:55
good morning.

Speaker 3  02:59
Good morning. Good. Morning, how's it going? Morning. Good, good. Two little inspirations this morning. Anybody else have inspirations?

Unknown Speaker  03:22
We want to hear yours, Michael, what are.

Speaker 3  03:27
So the other day I had two, maybe three weeks ago. We've spoken briefly about this. I know Matthias you and I had I'm not sure if we've spoken about this at all on the call or not. But there was this guy, that local delivery guy that delivered a shed and the thing collapsed. And so I wanted to get that story refreshed and everything and so just by chance this guy was waiting for this opportunity Friday, late Friday, he walks in the office. And I took the took the opportunity to probe him on that and he freshened up that story. So it was just a little bit different than I remembered. It happened probably 12 or 15 years ago. So it was long time. But it was interesting, it was more on the aspect I thought this was a Lowe's or Home Depot building was actually a guy that had built the building himself. So the Homer vulnerability himself and could be a good story that we could utilize in some way where yeah, let us build your shed, you know, that are experts know what we're doing versus you know, just to do it yourself or that, you know, may not be structurally sound but but I could maybe breathe through that story just a little bit here and see what we could get out of that one and had some some inspiration on the marketplace. So I've been studying that some more on chat industry what People are doing and also on lumber pricing. So things have been a little crazy in the last 30 days again. So just my inspiration on that on the market is for the January thing. It seems like the magic number that I think we should use, from my little studies I've been doing should be 10.5%, I think is what it looks like, from that perspective. So it's almost seems like I wanted to get your feedback on that too. On, it seems like in this last in the month of December, when we it seems like we had a significantly more higher rate of, of potential buyers and actual buyers coming across in November than then what we're having in December, from when we ended that other promotional Is that what your what would you agree with that? Tori and Marissa.

Speaker 2  06:12
Well, what I'm encountering is a lot of interested buyers, but wanting to buy next year, like they're wanting to wait until they do certain things to their home, you know, remodel and see how much money they have. For next year. That's the common thing, theme that I'm coming across 40 Simple buyers, but a lot of interested people for sure, but maybe not wanting to purchase right away. And I'll let Marissa

Speaker 4  06:46
I was just kind of agree with that. Tori, I think we've had I have a very strong hot lead pipeline and a lot of folks just waiting to pull the trigger, either due to the holidays, or due to the fact that I think they're just kind of psychologically tied up with other things. And they're going to be looking ahead at the New Year once the calendar actually turns. Yes,

Speaker 3  07:10
so 111 Question I did have was I know earlier on and appreciate that feedback. That's good. That's good to know that these people are sitting there and maybe with just a little urgency or, or something to offer them or bring them like across that finish line. But no, earlier, Marissa, you had mentioned that we'd like to entertain the idea of a more of a slightly, maybe less high pressure. Approach, like in a promotional trying that, which is traditionally a lot of times what the shed industry uses, like, for the general they'll say there's this promotional, and maybe it's for 30 days and not quite as as short as short of a window that we have been doing now. I'm not sure what should we which wave we should produce? Should we test that? Or should we stick to our plans in January on that with a short window on that? What is going to be more effective as we come across there, Matthias you probably have an opinion.

Matthias Miller  08:42
So rather than just having this 10 day period, for quotes have been going up for the full 30 days, or something, or more extended timeframe?

Speaker 3  08:52
Well, I'm not sure that would be that would be more like, generally what the industry does say, hey, we have you know, anything that is closing the month of January is going to be applicable for that. Is that a great way to approach it or not? I'm not sure. But I mean, I'm in an open if everybody is like excited about trying that for one month to see how that compares to our other approach to give it a shot, but I'm perfectly fine either way. Just wanted to get some.

Speaker 4  09:25
Yeah. The reason I am in favor of that is because to purchase the shed that over $5,000 of a purchase. It's a process. I mean, there are permits, there is design work. There is coordinating a pre site check to confirm that the location is fine. So I don't want I'm in favor of not putting a high pressure turnaround time on folks because there's just a lot of logistics to coordinate and it makes them feel unsettled that they're not going to receive all have that extra TEALS See, they get rushed. And then honestly, they just kind of jump off the hook because it's just too fast. When we tell them it's a full month long experience, it's a little annoying for us because we have to, you know, hold on to that hot lead for so many extra days. But we ended up we saw in November, we were actually able to close those leads more successfully, there was a ton of back and forth with the customers we closed on site location preparation, getting Randall out, getting Alex out. So I think we need that lead time. So that they don't feel like they're gonna miss out on something. And then they're angry at us because we didn't get you know, this like check in time or, or something on our end. So I think the logistics team would appreciate it too, because they seem to be kind of under the gun right now with some building is that, you know, the weather way late in December, and they still seem pretty busy. Heading into January. So that's my argument for giving it a little bit extended time and, and not a flash sale. Like you see with lower ticket items like you go to the hardware store, and it's a flash sale, or clothing or whatever, it's the smaller ticket. Bigger tickets, you know, it shouldn't be a month, it should be several weeks at least. There you go. There's my soapbox this morning.

Unknown Speaker  11:33
Given the opinion on that, Tory

Speaker 2  11:38
I think that makes sense. I don't have anything to add or I don't disagree with it.

Unknown Speaker  11:45
Your thoughts on that Matthias?

Matthias Miller  11:50
Well, this might come out as a cop out the answer to everything is test could we use in the industry, then that's probably an indication that other people have tested as well. Marissa, I see your point about lowering. Lowering pressure. I think that's makes sense. One practical question is our current promotion we had been saying goes until the sixth of January would we simply rerun this promotion to anybody that we haven't just started in January and rerun this to anybody who have not quoted just exclude this folks. Would we include this for anybody who has it as quote they can pick which which offer they want?

Speaker 4  12:53
I think the first offer expires on the sixth then if someone's still in the pipeline and hasn't closed then they negate that offer and then move on to the next one.

Matthias Miller  13:04
And so we started on the ninth through the end of the month Yeah, I think so.

Speaker 4  13:13
And that's still a three it's a three solid week timeframe we wanted for weeks we just extended a few days in February long month in January plays to that

Unknown Speaker  13:28
yeah

Speaker 3  13:31
never going to be a time that it'd be difficult to make us feel it's going to be in January and February historically and maybe we should use those target minds to be

Unknown Speaker  13:45
more aggressive. Maybe we should consider if we're going to do this more of a

Speaker 3  13:54
maybe for more of a less high pressure we could just get right now we could start it on right when the other one ends like we're talking about and would run it through definitely be taking the flash sale idea away but we could run it through the end of February where that's that flow those two slow months which would be six and tested out there. But revolutionising this idea again push making it way less urgent. So what you're not sure good idea and everything goes quiet.

Speaker 4  14:57
Michael, just to clarify, January is going to be A percentage discount and you're thinking 10% At this point, same as November,

Speaker 3  15:04
I'm thinking 10.5. And the reason I'm thinking that is, the 10% is pretty standardized these days right now is what I'm finding. And I'm thinking, if I do that little 10.5, I have something that might be just enough to get people over that edge. And it's just a half percent. And by that Now I'd love to hear the other side of the coin, from hey, we've run it for four weeks versus the six weeks, it seems like there's something there that you'll have opinions on.

Speaker 4  15:47
I'm going to be a little opinionated this morning. I think we should run it only in January, I think it should be a whole number, not a percentage with a decimal place as well. And I think it should, we should go back to then a product discount, as opposed to a price discount in February is what Tori and I are both experiencing or people are looking for sheds in January and February. Based on these inquiries, we think they're just hung up because of Christmas. I don't think we're going to have I don't think we're going to have to discount things aggressively. In February. That's a little bit of a kind of a bold bet. But I don't think we will, because I have so many folks, I've talked to that I'm delaying recontacting them until January because they want their stuff in February, and they're just not ready to purchase before the holidays. So that's where that feedback is based on.

Speaker 3  16:48
I can see that. Just my opinion. Again, I'm gonna voice my opinion, too. I agree with that. But not sure that I think for February, I would want to go with if we go with a product that things do that specifically focus on that calling something out. And I don't think that opinion that at that point by updated opinion at this point by February, we're going to be too effective in in talking about locking enterprise for there's so little time left, it seems like I don't think that message is going to be too well. Or work too. Well, at that point. It's just an opinion. But doing some product related thing. I think it's great.

Matthias Miller  17:43
So the proposal is to run the cash discount in January and do a product offer in February.

Speaker 3  17:55
I think so. That's what I took out of it.

Unknown Speaker  17:59
Yep. Yeah. And are we doing any kind of? Oh, we don't really have time for any kind of

Matthias Miller  18:08
cooldown period between promos. Just go straight from one end to the next.

Speaker 4  18:17
Yeah, I think going from straight from one to the next because the cooldown period is really in the new lead that comes in and then nurturing leads to a completion so

Matthias Miller  18:31
and then we'll be right. Okay. So one other observation, we said. We said in November that we were we were advertising our lowest price at 10% off. Yep. And so we're doing another lowest price? Well, it depends if we do 10% off or not. If we do 10.5 It's the second lowest price observing.

Speaker 4  19:03
Well, its lowest regardless, right? If it's 10% November and 10%. January, they're equivalent in that they're both our lowest price it's not one or the other. And

Speaker 4  19:24
Matthias I think it might be important to be strategic on when we release this 10% off or 10.5% off. Who is going to slightly wondering if there are going to be folks that are reading our emails and then they're going to start waiting until the next 10% off promotion is run as opposed to new leads that have come in and have not received the November promotion emails and we can present the 10% off to that group. So just know Archer, you know, if we were okay with just everybody gets it, that's fine. Or if we need to look at the lead generation, and how long have we had this lead?

Speaker 4  20:20
I don't, I did get a couple emails back from our last promotion where folks were getting the discount, but they were already sold. And I don't know if that filter that I learned to make if I did it right. Or if maybe there should be more criteria added to it.

Matthias Miller  20:43
I mean, the only way to know for sure on that is, who are the people? And how are they showing up in assists? How are they showing up in the export? And then we didn't make it all the way through the filter.

Speaker 4  20:55
Okay, I have the guy's name written down, so we can go, I can go look at what the settings are. But I guess my thought was, do we want to be sending the email to every guest? That has just received a promotion about the doors being discounted?

Unknown Speaker  21:18
It's a better deal.

Speaker 4  21:21
No, no, I'm just wondering, like, is that okay to do and then in February, do we need to kind of back off and not send the like, lesser deal to everyone?

Matthias Miller  21:34
So if we do okay, in January, if we would do I don't know how much sense it makes the rerun the November people against the January one. But if we would if we would move the December people into the January one. And then in February, we would do the do the new leads plus the November leads?

Speaker 4  22:06
Yeah, I don't know. It could be overthinking it, we might just be better off just sending it to all collected leads aside from those that are sold. And you know, letting folks make their own decision if that's their timeframe. I don't know

Matthias Miller  22:18
if we have too much. I mean, we've already segmented it, I think yeah, December the November leads are being excluded from the December promo. Yeah. Yeah. Let's do that.

Speaker 2  22:45
pool of potential great moves. Maybe I'll go ahead, Michael. I'm shifting gears.

Speaker 3  22:53
Oh, I was just ready to dive in my little story yet before. We're 10. But we can always do it at a later date. But go ahead.

Speaker 2  23:04
Okay, I was gonna say I had a guy called me this morning. And he was asking if prices would be increasing for next year. And you know, I sold the locking your price deal. So he is an RTO customer. And he's wanting to do a cost reduction. So I spoke with the wanting to see if we can do a cost reduction where he doesn't have to pay that now. So he was wanting his delivery to be set up for it for me. But he is wanting to do the cost reduction. And he said he wants to pay like around April, like around $3,000 down. So I did get with Dwayne. And he said I can go ahead and do the RTO contract, but just make sure that I'm staying in contact with the customer frequently to make sure he's interested. And then just communicate like when this around the time to build the building. That he's still interested. So just wanted to share that. But yeah, I know I definitely have to make sure that I keep them interested in on the hook. Yeah, I think we're gonna go ahead and get that contracts on this morning.

Unknown Speaker  24:20
Tory well done.

Speaker 2  24:23
Yeah, it was cool to see that lock in your pricing for RTO.

Speaker 4  24:28
I also wanted to share two really fast. I sold another client on text message in two hours. Like this is the second one this happened now. Yeah, the only thing is that they haven't formally signed the invoice in sketch that I send them through DocuSign to approve and I'm not considering them. 100% sold until they do especially because this has been a text message conversation and this person could flippantly just change their mind. But so that you guys all know Another lead came in as you know, text message preferred. We did the whole kind of processes, the first one like pictures, quotes, they're not our to their cash. And the guy wants the building, you know, as soon as possible, I guess his mother in law's coming to live with him. And he's like, I can't handle it. It's so very interesting that that type of client with that text message interest was so willing to close on a deal, I will let you guys know, as soon as he signs the DocuSign for him, because to me, that shows, you know, his commitment is more than just a casual texting thread where, you know, he's interested but not, you know, fully, fully committed there. And then secondarily, to that I had a gentleman call our queue, I forgot to log out of the phone line. So I was logged into the phone line on Friday night. And probably he called like, around 530. I snagged the phone. And he got the number from Facebook, he had a very particular picture on Facebook, he wanted a building, he's like, I wanted to look exactly like this. So we you know, kind of scroll through found it got him the quote that night. And if he signs today, he's another really fast sale, where it was like a specific image drew his attention. He was happy with the price for that style building. And as long as he signs the documents he's also sold. So just two really interesting pieces of feedback for folks that are you know, that they know what they want. And if they need it urgently. They're, they're reaching out to us, which is exciting. But again, you know, they're not fully signed off. So I want to be careful for folks that are just like, you know, in the heat of the moment, kind of picking up the phone or in the heat of the moment texting, but they haven't firmly committed to making a purchase. But, you know, they've gone pretty far at this point. Keep in keeping, see how close today if I can get those signatures

Speaker 3  27:14
as awesome seems like we can we can learn out of that is starting to feel a little trend there for people that you're able to close on fast. And what were the ways of communication? What were the the questions they were asking? And how did you respond to him and get the answers to them quickly that they wanted? It seems like it's a set of people that that's the way they deal with things, that's a personality, quick, but learning from that then also in asking the right questions, getting the right answers to move through that. And then and then finish up. And it's the exciting there to be able to do that. And like figuring out which one of those customers is that customer and then handle them that way. Everything and handling them in the right way is key.

Speaker 4  28:11
That question we added to the lead form about contact method has been very crucial in determining that because it's given us the avenue to kind of attack at the right angle. So the more we think of those types of questions that personalize it. But our that was a big one, as we were going through that, like you always say Matthias test test. That was a big one that we seem to be really winning on as far as the testing goes.

Matthias Miller  28:46
That's all I have. I should be really interesting to know what with marketing the these individuals have experienced in the front end? It's, it's possible, possible I don't really know how to tell for sure. But it's quite possible that some of the marketing that's happened on the front end has done a lot of the heavy lifting already. Yeah.

Speaker 4  29:09
I'm not sure I looked up that lead source for both of them. And the guy that did text, his lead source areas blank. So I don't know. Like where he would have come on. I don't know where it came from. He just came out of nowhere. No. And the fella that called clearly came from Facebook, because he was he was out on Facebook.

Speaker 3  29:34
That's a really good observation. Matthias if we can then also understand where these big sales are coming from the people that want to move quickly and are ready to move and roll. Where did those come from? And what did the Swati they see? And it seems like if we could start replicating some of those algorithms that seem to generate those people that would be like, let's start at The right you know, all the way at the top let's start at the right point. Right and nurture those and bring those in to the pipeline. The thought

Speaker 4  30:08
like the photo that snagged the guy on Facebook was the one I think it's called the Newburgh it's a garage door with the honey tones stain and the green roof. I mean, he wants that building verbatim just with a man door added to it so that was a winner as far as a guest was looking for that specific type of structure and they really said all that checks all the boxes for me

Speaker 4  30:41
All righty good stuff. Dean Toria and I have a boatload of leads for today so we are

Speaker 2  30:49
we do still trying to reassign some

Unknown Speaker  30:53
Okay, um thank you for

Speaker 2  30:54
coming some of these I'm not seeing emails for Marissa for some reason are you okay? If some of them just show up in your opportunities?

Unknown Speaker  31:16
I don't know if I don't want to miss them.

Speaker 2  31:21
They should be blue. They should be a different color than the rest of them that they usually show up that the two I sent over show up that way. Yeah, where they stood out they were a different color. They are blue.

Speaker 4  31:34
Yeah, okay. Thank you for pointing that out. Yes, that that will work that's fine.

Speaker 2  31:38
Okay, I'm not sure why I'm not seeing emails for some of the things

Matthias Miller  31:47
some of these I'm not seeing I wonder if the email notifications I was running into some issues with some of my automation over the weekend. I didn't have a chance to chase it

Matthias Miller  32:04
doesn't look like the email automation fired for this Yeah,

Speaker 4  32:09
it's funny that I've been relying so heavily on email automation now that I've gone out to opportunities and filtered and I'm looking for like you mentioned Tory like blue on highlighted guests I am seeing just like a handful the maybe two or three sent over Matthias just as an FYI looks like the date is

Unknown Speaker  32:37
from like a week ago.

Speaker 4  32:39
I see two that I may have missed entirely because I was relying on email maybe I shouldn't be Oh geez. Guy named Timothy and a guy named Charles are showing up in here blue.

Unknown Speaker  32:53
But no. huh That's weird.

Speaker 4  32:59
Does it depend on where they come from the Dyess does that affect it at all like how they which web page they approach the type form and because they also do not have lead source information tied to them they're just kind of blank

Matthias Miller  33:18
you should make a difference okay I was able to get all the lead source information I got on all the leads so it's possible it's privacy or other things that are that are breaking them now JC

Speaker 4  33:48
Yeah, no worries. I'm glad you mentioned that. Tori, it's I can go back and double back on these two guys.

Speaker 1  33:55
Thank you for saying something. No problem. Cool.

Speaker 2  34:06
Okay, well, I like to do a kind of get to.

Unknown Speaker  34:11
Yes,

Unknown Speaker  34:13
have a great day, everyone. Hey, appreciate it. Take care.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai