Matthias Miller  00:40
Aprilaire

Unknown Speaker  00:45
Hey guys

Matthias Miller  00:49
okay good

Matthias Miller  01:09
all right um quick question about holiday schedules are you guys I will be out on the 26th Do you guys in this second you guys available to do calls in the 21st and 28th are doing the cancel when those as well

Unknown Speaker  01:34
21st Works for me 28 Does not same here

Matthias Miller  01:42
Alright sounds good

Matthias Miller  01:50
all right so

Speaker 1  02:01
so keep the 28 or drop it drop the 28

Unknown Speaker  02:05
Gotcha then we would resume the fourth January 4

Matthias Miller  02:17
That is correct all right so,

Unknown Speaker  02:35
so you scared Gabe away

Matthias Miller  02:38
scared him away maybe he thought today was the 28th

Unknown Speaker  02:50
Good idea. What are we on this call for anyway? Oh

Matthias Miller  03:06
alright, so I feel like I've got too many IFR stuff swirling around to really wrap my head around everything because we're tying up loose ends on the FDI side of things and touching, you know, landing us in the payables and vendors stuff. So Mark, did

Speaker 2  03:43
you? Well, I was going to ask you, I have I went through your proposal and have a bunch of notes there. I can send that if if you want to go through that. Dwayne. I think you had made it you had a bunch of notes and questions on it as well. And maybe you've I wasn't sure how you want to. But what's most helpful Messiah so

Matthias Miller  04:10
yeah, I would like to go over those and get as much of that stuff wrapped up as we can

Unknown Speaker  04:16
get, I'll just send my notes to everyone or do you want to start with with Dwayne's notes?

Matthias Miller  04:37
Think, Dwayne, we covered most of this stuff that you talked about?

Speaker 3  04:43
Yeah. I'm just quickly going through these. If we ever did we ever, or what was your answer on my question about linking unlinking moving district buildings from SDI district I don't remember what I don't remember what we said about that

Matthias Miller  05:08
well I think technically that can happen from a

Matthias Miller  05:15
can you do that after building a sold well, I guess it wouldn't happen after delivery would

Speaker 3  05:24
it okay, I understand your question I'll be it like guess the deeper question would would be after the sales order is completed in theory it should not ever that should never change Okay, to strictly answer your question most of this kind of stuff takes place before the building is what are you technically calling sold? Delivered 99.9% of the time, it does not happen before delivery. I'm trying to recall if there was ever a time that it happened after I want to say no

Speaker 3  06:30
are you planning so your plan is not to right to finish your plan is to not make any of those rights until after at the point of delivery Correct?

Matthias Miller  06:42
Well, I mean, it'll hit inventory before then. Right sales order. Yeah.

Speaker 3  06:47
But as far as finished goods, as far as hitting those accounts, your debits and credits on that side of stuff is not going to happen until that building is marked delivered then probably not it probably not it's probably not going to happen before that

Matthias Miller  07:01
as long as we say that the sales order mapping is determined by the building's district then we can if you do move it post sale then it will adjust the here

Speaker 3  07:22
well you just said something what happens if a building gets moved across district we said it would never happen and it's happened once well

Matthias Miller  07:46
think theoretically we can handle it as long as it's not I'm trying to think if it's going to be how obnoxious it is to handle it

Matthias Miller  08:06
effectively means that we should

Matthias Miller  08:34
here this is easy

Matthias Miller  09:10
okay, we can handle we can handle moves across district very easily

Speaker 2  09:13
Okay wait, am I right most of your questions were more specific or technical about

Speaker 3  09:33
Yeah, most of my work Yeah, correct. And there's only there was one thing in here that that it might be a value to throw at your your engaged thoughts but one of the things I asked for there's a number of things are gonna be written to the building record from a I think we're where's the stuff you're gonna be? Where's the section you talk about Matthias things you're going to be defining on Building records.

Matthias Miller  10:03
That would be

Matthias Miller  10:09
building rich building costs.

Speaker 3  10:14
So one of the things Mark I, Matthias, and I just discussed very briefly that had a note on here is the idea of putting all of this the costs, the retail price, the manufacturer price, putting that all behind a button, now that the potential exists, that a dealer may be able to view the building record, if we hide some of those pricing, all this pricing field stuff, and costing and all of that stuff. What's your thoughts on that? You're

Speaker 2  10:48
saying? Are you asking the question whether that's okay, if they see, like the costing?

Speaker 3  10:56
Well, I don't my gut feeling is it's not okay, that they see all of that detailed information, hiding a bunch of that, which just would would seem to make a lot of sense to me what? That's that's really the question, should we just go ahead and do that? Well,

Speaker 2  11:15
I would agree with you hide it from the dealers. But I think the builders like the the is there an easy way to make so that we can see that information when we when we request a modification history on that building? That builders can see that? Really?

Speaker 3  11:34
No, that that part is that parts is easy. Like if, if you pull some kind of let's say, once we get the what did this thing called the the events or whatever of a building, that information we can easily include? I just don't want it to be readily like right there on the front of the record. So that if, if people well, first off, if we put it behind, correct me if I'm wrong on this, Matthias is that if we put it behind something like that, or you would actually, I think you and I, you and I talked about actually writing that as part of a role or a restrictive or something, hadn't we?

Matthias Miller  12:13
This is simple permission, we can just hide it for them and keep it on the main screen.

Speaker 3  12:17
That's what it was. That's what it was. I forgot that we talked about that. Disregard mark. We talked about writing it as part of a user permission whether you can see that stuff or not. I don't really have anything else Mark most like I said, most of mine was just technical asking how this talks to that and how this will work. And what's that doing and and so forth. Yeah? You waiting on me.

Matthias Miller  13:18
I think that's a mark, I got your email. Do you want to start started going through that? Sure.

Speaker 2  13:30
So the first one was I just had a quick question raw material percentage, then your note migrated from District inventory material percentage RG, I'm just saying is this different than production labor and production overhead? Or are you handling that field differently? is my question.

Matthias Miller  13:49
Yeah, it's a separate, it's a separate value. I mean, in concept, it works the same, but it's separated out from production, labor production overhead.

Speaker 2  14:02
Okay, and I think we'll cover that in the next My Little example, I said along so the next part, I just have attached an example of the information I will be sending when doing this migration, which of these values do we migrate? So example of what we're doing. The next page that I send along is we're looking at all buildings in in currently in inventory. And if they don't have a manufacturer price, we're creating one. Like if they were built before we started doing manufacturer numbers, and then we're going to come up with our best estimate on what each of these percentages should be for the timeframe it was built. Come up with a finished goods cause number on the far right side like the first first in number of cars Building a total of $7 and $90.01. And just a few notes there is? Well, first of all, we will need to keep the manufacturer number in assists. So we don't change the old weekly Bill sheet values in a bunch of other stuff. So if we just go in and change the manufacturer number on all of these buildings, and suddenly it'll look like production was that much more or less than what it had been? History? So can we migrate? Which of these numbers are you? Were you planning to migrate? With is was it only

Unknown Speaker  15:42
the finished goods cost? Like the total of the other three? subcategories? Or would you do? Those as well, the material production labor and the production overhead.

Matthias Miller  16:00
If we're migrating, it would be best to do Alt well.

Speaker 2  16:07
But that's about it. That's what I would prefer as well, just if crash, if we have questions, and we have all three of those numbers, then we'll be able to see how we got to that number to the number we did.

Matthias Miller  16:20
Keep in mind, though, that finished goods cost. Proportion, building retail. The finished goods cost currently is stored as a single number. And the materials versus labor portion. We have settings for the materials versus labor portion. So we could give you a report of what did we assign the final inventory value to be finished goods cost? But then you would be giving us an Excel spreadsheet that would give us the breakdown? Numbers? Is that right?

Speaker 2  17:09
Well, that's my question. So we'll have to do it like this on our site to come up with a final cause. But my question is, yes, what my values you're going to be stamping in? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  17:23
I wouldn't I think those three values would be preferred. Yes.

Speaker 2  17:30
Okay, so you'd basically, if I'm thinking correctly, you leave the old manufacturer number untouched. And then you'd stamp in the serial number production, labor number production overhead, and then your finished goods cost would be just a, the sum total of those three values. Yeah. And the percentages by side, but what was that? That number, but we wouldn't those percentages, because we don't have a factor number to work off. On these these old buildings that were I think we have any equivalent of a manufacturing number, but we don't have we didn't start calculating manufacturing numbers till about a year ago.

Matthias Miller  18:32
So the new finished goods number 100, the new finished goods number might be different than the current finished goods number.

Unknown Speaker  18:41
It will be different. Yes. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  18:45
And does it matter? But it doesn't matter? If if as long as the manufacturer price is the same, it doesn't matter if the finished goods cost shifts that right?

Speaker 2  18:55
That is correct. There's there's really two things that are going going to happen when we do the when we migrate or send you new information. First thing is we're taking a look at all the old buildings that don't, that never had manufacturing numbers and doing what we're showing here. And then we're also taking all the buildings that do have manufacturer number and guessing that finished goods cost. Food production overhead, which we're not including now. Right. So I guess for those, those will have manufacture numbers. And we we could do that two different ways. One is we could just simply stamp in all these numbers. Going for the old buildings are we could tell you here's the percentage we we know manufacture numbers and here's the percentages that we want to use. I would stamp All right, go ahead.

Matthias Miller  20:04
I think you're getting ready to say what I wouldn't really say I would prefer dollars and cents.

Speaker 2  20:10
So what I think it's cleanest in. Okay. So as long as we, I think we're clear. So basically, what we'll send to you will be, do the migration is sin number, serial number production, labor production overhead and finished goods cost. Really all you need. And the next question is, when, when would you be ready for that? So we're, and the reason I'm asking is for our finished goods number for your end? We're going to use a new one that we're recalculating right now. But we don't necessarily need it to be in a CES. Oh, by, say, first week in January or whatever.

Unknown Speaker  21:06
But if if you wouldn't, if you're standing in the three values, you wouldn't be ready for it. Or this element happens, right?

Matthias Miller  21:18
No, but we could stump in the new the new grand total. Okay. That wouldn't be a problem we can do that. That would be something as long as you can get with Nick before he disappears. He would be a great person to work with on that. And if not that Then

Matthias Miller  21:46
like either either. Tweeting, I can train you on imports. We can Yeah, we can. Either way, it will be a ton of work to do that.

Speaker 2  22:01
You say it won't be a ton of work? No, it won't. Okay, well, it will be I know it'll be at least first week of January before we'd have those numbers to stamp in. But what so what we do is we stamp in the grand totals and then later when the other fields are in place. We could stamp in three individual fields if we'd want to. The numbers tie out okay. So if if it's first week second week, January that that that I work with then is that

Matthias Miller  22:38
that's yeah, and it'll be gone by then. Dwayne, you want to learn imports? Actually, I don't know I should probably talk to Josh about it make sure I'm

Speaker 3  22:53
with imports once before they're not that hard are they no

Matthias Miller  22:57
they're not no,

Speaker 3  23:00
it's fun to write write massive amounts of data and in green as you do it it you know it has a certain amount of adrenaline rush to realize you might be missing a whole bunch of information

Matthias Miller  23:18
some some somebody play extreme sports some people do skydiving some people just run the imports and assist

Speaker 3  23:27
extreme Oh man, that's a coders joke. Oh, that's bad coders version of extreme sports

Speaker 2  23:39
I don't need to know Anonymous is once I have that ready, we're we're still doing we're auditing physical audit between an audit between what we physically have and what it says shows in North Carolina district end of this week and then we're also we have to do that and then also go through a lot of our data from this year to figure out what these what we believe these percentages should be especially on while on all three of them but the production overhead for sure like see how many see what the costs were that we incurred production overhead costs were that we incurred to produce this many buildings and come up with something that's so I'll work on that once I have that I'll let you know and then you could direct me and I'm Josh did do this do an import very similar to this. I want to say a year ago but yeah, I'll once I have that I'll reach out to you and

Matthias Miller  24:44
perfect. Sounds good.

Speaker 3  24:51
Do we need to have a conversation about we can we seemingly consistently drive away junior developers first set up now? Now Now Nick's running goway. bakery that bad to work with.

Speaker 3  25:10
I definitely made my decision about going to FP winter term entirely based on my interactions with insight.

Matthias Miller  25:21
Good answer.

Speaker 3  25:23
That was good. That was good, Nick. If this whole coding thing doesn't work out, you should try comedy

Matthias Miller  25:35
to actually write your checks for you. Good,

Speaker 2  25:46
that's all I had on that portion. I think we're clear there. In the next page, the classes section, not removing classes on balance sheet, I think that's an issue. That's what we're thinking is something you're just adding. So it's there when we need it? Or if we ever, ever do use it?

Matthias Miller  26:08
I think on my end, I moved it under the sales order section. Because we still need it for the income statement.

Speaker 2  26:16
All right. Okay, perfect. At the bottom of the page, can you explain my question was, he said, as this will include move up and move down to change the priority? The same? My question was what the move up move down to change priority, what I don't understand.

Matthias Miller  26:53
On our embedded spreadsheets, and many spreadsheets can be done can either be sorted with the sort order or it can be manually sorted. And so we'll just have Move Up and Move Down buttons for when let's say you have a class definition that somehow you have a building that that could potentially fall into two classes, we'll pick the first match. And what a way to, to adjust that or reposition.

Speaker 2  27:20
Okay. Thank you is that based on? We had one building where it could be a wholesale billing or it could be a bill on site? And depending on how you have your sort order, I would split it first. Right? Or? Is a specific set of numbers for each individual building? I think that's but to verify the breakdown section to building records that would be on then, as 1234 would have breakdown the breakdown numbers for that specific building, right? Yes, correct.

Speaker 2  28:16
Thanks, question in the short term change, building inventory amount, use the FTI breakdown. If it's present, otherwise, it should use its existing approach.

Matthias Miller  28:30
Let me rethink this actually a little bit? This is this is actually a technical detail.

Matthias Miller  28:45
think

Matthias Miller  28:52
Nick, maybe you have some input on this actually. So we have this inventory amount field that's currently actually makes sense. It currently can be hard coded to a number or it can be auto calculated if there's no frozen inventory value on it, which basically allows overriding the inventory value. I don't really see any reason not to

Matthias Miller  29:27
think I would I would actually change this to use to use the overridden inventory number if specified. Otherwise, it should calculate it from the FTI breakdown.

Speaker 2  29:52
So is what you're saying is that like these numbers that we manually import, that we were was talking about a minute ago if those are present use those if not present then use the calculations like manufacturer price times this

Matthias Miller  30:12
yeah effectively or, or really what it's going to be, I think going forward we will we should always have those breakdown calculations. So really what it means is for old buildings we're going to add those breakdowns for current FTI buildings and for all buildings going forward so for all the old buildings that don't have the breakdown, we would use that frozen price

Speaker 2  30:39
I just thought of something else that we were talking about importing those three fields, instead of just the sum total it will be important that we have those three fields when we start using these numbers tying it to the income statement because otherwise if it's just one lump sum total we won't have

Speaker 2  31:01
we won't be splitting them up into the three categories but yeah that makes sense. So the next question was on accounting transactions Do you have something else on on this before we look I think this is what our meeting you had to get with Josh on this but whether we can Well I do have a bit of both events A when the hauler collects final payment like the cheque or whatever when they deliver the building and then the other event is when the check is deposited to build his bank account we're going back and are we discussed that and that ideally we'd like for a DLL to see be able to see both is that what what we're seeing happen this is where you use that I was add to Grendel myself when I was writing this when you use the description of the long path and the short path of if seven seven foot three and a 50 pound guy shows up at the customer thing I need final payment of the dealer I did give you a check in the hall or finance it in his truck or the

Matthias Miller  32:43
understood we can we should add that this gets fun trouble using

Speaker 2  33:07
what right now on a field or we we have record when you know date and the amount of a payment when it was collected but there's no not tied to it hits the bank account

Matthias Miller  33:27
command Are you comfortable using the cockpit restrictions to restrict access to accounting for whom dealers should be fine

Unknown Speaker  33:54
so I guess I'm not I'm not 100% following as to why what do they need visibility into accounting for deposit they. Why does the dealer care about deposit date?

Speaker 2  34:29
Mark? Well, if I remember correctly that so it would if a customer calls and says Hey, but he's bugging me for final payment and I did give it to the hall I give the hauler a check when he delivered the building. So I can see I can go in and see okay, I see we collected $5,000 On that day. And oh I see it's it just was deposited into our bank account. As of today, so, got it, it just took some time to process or the other, the other just to give a dealer more visibility

Unknown Speaker  35:11
rather than needing to call out accounting and say okay is this check, but when will it? Why is it not deposited? Or when will it be deposited? Or what what are you showing?

Speaker 3  35:47
But why would that not be on the sales order? And why would that not be in the sales order information already from the payment section of the sales order.

Matthias Miller  35:56
Okay, so well we can show in the payment, sorry, you

Unknown Speaker  35:59
know, you can explain it better than I can.

Matthias Miller  36:03
Okay, so there's two ways to do two ways we can we can run this one, create an accounting transaction that ties back out to the sales order, it says, Here's a deposit for this payment, etc. And, and then look from the sales order to have the sales or look up to see what the payments were made in the what payments were made for this item. The other option is, you sales order controls the deposit that you put a deposit date on there. And if there's no deposit for that date, we automatically go ahead and create a deposit accounting transaction for whichever account it should be deposited into. It's a question whether their source of truth is on the sales order or whether it's source of truth is on the accounting transaction.

Matthias Miller  36:59
Why would cause a get created?

Speaker 3  37:00
Why would you say? That's a good question, Mr. Customer, let me contact accounting and find out let me call you back in just a few minutes. Like I don't I don't know that we do we really want that level of information out to the dealer themselves

Unknown Speaker  37:32
if I don't know, do you think we shouldn't that's that's we don't want that level of information for dealers.

Speaker 3  37:49
Well, I mean, it's not okay, in in all the software's I've ever used, I don't know that. That level of of insight is at say the sales order level without giving someone direct insight into accounting which means they can see like do we want them how are you going to keep them from seeing all the information that's been deposited then

Matthias Miller  38:15
we do it if we're using the cockpit then we can control what reports to get access to they can't they can't create their own reports they can't run the expression evaluator so

Speaker 3  38:24
understand that but how are you going to differentiate between one one dealers like the deposit that came from say a building that was sold by a company A versus Company B because I mean like the depositing information on that is you're not going to necessarily be tying that out or you just not generally information that's tied up to say a specific sales order

Matthias Miller  38:54
we could put record restrictions in well yeah, it would be we would Oh, nevermind Yeah, indirectly tied out the specific sales order

Speaker 3  39:12
Christian when you do the whole deposit thing based on an EBMs how does that tie out? Is there a there's not necessarily a tie out to the sales order is there like it creates?

Speaker 1  39:24
Yeah, you can go into the sales order and view payments and then you can go from that to see like when it was deposited what the check number was that we mean

Speaker 3  39:35
yeah, okay, I see. So Matthias, are you are you suggesting that every payment that comes in on a sales order work wish we're gonna have a reconciliation to process out the tied to the deposit?

Matthias Miller  39:49
Yeah, so basically will auto auto create the entry and accounts payable, I'm sorry, accounts receivable. And then and then accounting will use the standard accounts receivable process. As the deposit checks receive receivables and by virtue of that we can trace from a sales order all the way out to the actual deposit. But in order to do it that way, then we need to Well, the other option is to have a nightly process that works backwards and stumps the deposit date, and on the on the payment Sergi.

Speaker 3  40:27
I like I like that. That's that's where my head was going about stamping the deposit date on the payments. RG I think that's that's a good, a good methodology. The largest size question that's rolling around in my head is the building the process around this depositing process? Because right now like it's it's a disconnected process with district managers and verification verification reports and all kinds of good fun. So no, it's I think that's I think that's the right way to go. Matthias I think stamping a deposit date on on the payments RG that matches up with the payment is a great idea. I think it Okay, granted, it should probably be linked URL that we can get from the sales order, say over to depositing. But have it be restricted from a user standpoint, from a from a restricted user standpoint? Like, I mean, that's not hard, because it's like they, they can click the link, but it's not going to unless we give them that that page. They're not. Yeah, I think that's right. You're tracking with me? Yep. I'm

Matthias Miller  41:33
tracking with you. Perfect.

Speaker 2  41:39
So you mentioned something about decide what, which is the source of truth? Can you explain? I don't quite understand.

Matthias Miller  41:56
Sure. Okay, so if we're the sales order, we're automatically creating all kinds of transactions in, in accounting, to replicate with a state of the sales order is, we could say, oh, and in addition to sales orders, gonna see when it gets gets paid, and it's going to automatically create the deposit in the respective bank account, automatically. And in that case, then we have instant visibility, because that's what controls when that transaction gets created. Alternatively, we can. The alternative is to say, well, it's not going to go that far, it's going to automatically create the entry in accounts receivable. And then accounting goes through and deposits. Whenever they get checks. They're gonna go through all their receivables, and flag the receivables as deposited just like they would any other any other way. Well, if we do that, then the deposit date is no longer stored on the sales order, it's stored on the accounting transaction. And the dealer doesn't get access to doesn't get access to the to the accounting system. And so therefore doesn't have visibility unless we do something a little bit special to give them that.

Speaker 2  43:25
But you're okay, the first method you you describe? How would the how would we know that? If we go that path? How do we know what the deposit date is on a payment, we receive a check we receive today? Or it's actually deposited into the account.

Matthias Miller  43:56
So we would give accounting a report that shows all unpaid payments, and they would go through and they would say I'm depositing these on this date. And it would it would quit today, today's date or whatever they choose on that on the sales order.

Unknown Speaker  44:23
And the the other method would be how does the other method would be or would it be getting it state from

Matthias Miller  44:35
they would still be inputting it but they would be but instead of doing it from the sales order, they'd be going to going to the accounting system to say I want to look at my receivables and I want to deposit these four checks

Speaker 2  44:48
because either way is we're doing a manual it's a manual process on accounting side. And then it may be a day or two later before it shows up on our in our bank account or A day later.

Matthias Miller  45:03
Yeah, or if they want to be precise, they know they're getting it ready. I mean, yeah, you're right. I mean, whatever, however long it takes to actually clear the bank.

Speaker 2  45:13
Okay, I was I was thinking so this would not catch you if a cheque gets lost between the male whatever between accounting or wherever it's a way to the bank, then that wouldn't catch. And it would it would be when we obviously wouldn't reconcile and but I was kind of naively thinking that that this would actually be linked to the bank account and would think back all the way.

Matthias Miller  45:51
We're not quite well, I mean, it would be reasonably possible, if you would, I don't think you want to fully automate it. But it'd be reasonably possible if each check would be its own bank transaction rather than lump sum into it into a lump deposit. And then if we would do that, and we have banking imports, then we could say, Well, we think this deposit is tied out to this payment, this deposit is tied out yes or no agree or disagree, checkbox, boom, done. Nothing more required. But that's not a January 1.

Speaker 2  46:24
thing. Sure. So which, which of these methods you believe is the best path to go?

Matthias Miller  46:41
Putting the payment date on the well. I think it's obvious it's a series of trade offs. I think it's option two, I think option, the option one doesn't give you quite enough control to say I'm depositing these four checks together in one deposit. And then later in the day, oh, I'm making another deposit with these seven checks. just gets a little obnoxious to be able to handle that appropriately. Option two, makes it a little more obnoxious to give visibility to dealers, but it fits better into the existing accounting workflow.

Speaker 2  47:33
Okay, well, I'm for what's with that path. We have thoughts Dwayne.

Matthias Miller  47:57
Dwayne's gateleg? Oh,

Speaker 3  48:01
apparently I hit my mic, and it didn't unmute. I'm good. Sorry.

Speaker 2  48:08
So Matthias, like, I need more coffee or something. I'm kind of slow here. So if to recap what option two would do? How would you describe that?

Matthias Miller  48:25
Yeah, yeah. Automated nightly process. Okay, Chinese wall between dealers and the accounting system. And there's a little guy with who goes undercover in the middle of the night, runs over into the accounting system collects all the deposit dates that were that need to be copied over and carries them over the Chinese wall and puts them into a read only field on the sales orders so that the dealers can see what the payment date was.

Unknown Speaker  49:03
Got it. You should be an author and the payment date. When you said Chinese law, you had reference to the Great Wall of China.

Speaker 2  49:17
Yeah, like, okay, so, the payment date, I'm a little bit behind the times here, because it didn't follow every concept. But the payment date is the date that we like define the payment date. Instead of the game. Sorry,

Matthias Miller  49:37
I meant deposit. I meant deposit date.

Unknown Speaker  49:42
Okay, so define deposit.

Matthias Miller  49:45
It is the day that accounting says this is the day you're deposited. And talk to Kristen what date that is I think it's effectively the day that Well, I don't I don't know your processes.

Speaker 1  50:00
So my question here, though, is do all the checks deposit individually? Because generally, if a bunch of checks come in, in one day, they'll batch deposit for one giant total? Is that going to be a problem? No problem. Okay, good.

Unknown Speaker  50:22
You said it would not be a problem.

Matthias Miller  50:25
No problem. You could, you can. I mean, it sounds like you guys might be mailing in checks for deposit or something like that. But if you, if you would go to the bank at nine o'clock in the morning, with a stack full of checks, you could lump all of those into a single deposit. And then you could come back in the afternoon with another stack of checks and lump those all together in a deposit. Or you could go once in a day and lump them all together, you could, you know, however, you you mix and match them, you gotten multiple checks and single deposit.

Speaker 2  51:05
Am I correct that I think gave where you're going with the deposit date deposit date would be whatever accounting we put in. So if they put they're doing deposits today, they might always put the deposit date in for tomorrow, because that's maybe what it is until the deposits. Let's clear that how you were and deposit date.

Speaker 1  51:34
I didn't catch the whole question. Is that how we currently do deposit states? Is that Well, yes.

Speaker 2  51:40
Well, yeah, well, how do you? How do you currently use deposit date,

Speaker 1  51:47
it's just the date that we mark something paid. So if Whitney wrote a check out today to send to, you know, Mark's office supplies, we're going to put today's date and the check number. Or if a check came in today, I'm going to put, they'll send over a copy of the check a copy of the receipt that was run through the scanner. I'm still going to put today's date even though it might not clear the bank until like 11 to 14 days. So I'm putting the date we received it or we sent it in either option.

Speaker 2  52:36
Good here. Gabe, do you have anything else on that? No. So the next question I had was on while the Transaction Date requested entry date is requested entry date, same as Transaction Date. And I was trying to remember the transaction date you said required default to today. Am I thinking correctly, that transaction date is the as of date that you save a call cost override on how it affects financial reporting? Yes, correct. So if if we wouldn't reconcile let's say we wouldn't reconcile the month and then at the end, we would have a bunch of buildings that were sold and we have a variance on the cost of goods sold. By default, that would all be so in accounting that variance would appear as of today but would say well let's

Speaker 2  54:04
let's leave most of that variance happened two months ago, so let's backdate it to two months ago and then it would go up accounting two months ago

Matthias Miller  54:21
Yeah. In fact, you can do some really squirrely things like you could reconcile it as of today, and then go make adjustments and backdate the adjustments to a month ago and it would create an entry a month ago that makes all the numbers come out right as of today, which I don't know why you'd want to do that but you could

Speaker 2  54:51
makes my head hurt. So the requested entry date so the is that the same thing then that ends a transaction dates.

Matthias Miller  55:01
And I've clarified it here to say it Transaction Date

Speaker 2  55:08
to other questions all the way back on page six, the expenses on that table? Well, okay, so forth. Look at the last one first, expenses, doing discounts. Being sales order disk, I assume we're talking about sales or discounts a discount that we do to get the sale like we know, 25 off for a free window. That's the discount we're about here. Right? Correct. So that this should show as a negative amount in the income, I forget what we call it in the example that we had the other day but

Matthias Miller  55:58
got a simple change, the only change is moving it up into the other section. It doesn't actually affect the software at all.

Speaker 2  56:09
It makes sense. And then the payment fee. And if we ever clarify, did clarify this. So a payment fee where this is, would this be SG and a or why would a bank we're talking like credit card or stripe? Stripe fees? Right?

Matthias Miller  56:34
Yes. So where

Speaker 2  56:40
were we were? I mean, I think that's fine that on the GL accounts, but where would that?

Unknown Speaker  56:50
Does that show? Where does it need to be listed? Like in EBMs, Chris, and where are you showing that? bank charges?

Unknown Speaker  57:27
The payment fees?

Unknown Speaker  57:30
Yeah, like credit cards? Yeah. Yeah,

Speaker 1  57:32
they come in usually once a month from the credit card processor, and like a total amount and they go into bank fees.

Speaker 2  57:41
You have that listed? Your SGA in general section or somewhere down at the bottom? Let me see. I think that's where we're needs to go. Expenses underneath your?

Speaker 1  57:57
Yeah, I think you're right. It's most was EBMs. It's in the General section of SGMA.

Speaker 2  58:07
Perfect. Well, that is all I had. So what's the next step with this Messiah's? Are you are you waiting on final from us to do development on the remaining portion of this or? What is next?

Matthias Miller  58:36
Well, I do have Dwayne, you left me with a few questions now that Dwayne hit his face. To a few questions about blank building records use rescheduling RTO returns not technically FTI and specific accessories that need to be scheduled. Do we need to nail down those things before we start development and the rest of this stuff?

Speaker 3  59:04
No, no, I want I'm I'm using it as leverage. Okay. I'm using it as leverage to get logistics done. Because we need we need to fix this thing right?

Speaker 2  59:20
Logistics isn't rework bin, you need to rework logistics to create the events or the processes right?

Speaker 3  59:28
Well, if we don't Matthias I think some however, your whatever the logic is that you're going to push information across, we will have to write some exclusions. Most of this stuff is defined on on builders that are not being currently used or some other methodologies I think we can probably come up with some exclusions. If logistics doesn't.

Matthias Miller  59:50
Like you would use that for the blank building records under What's your returns? I mean, we can manually exclude dollars from? Well, wait for him think about that.

Speaker 3  1:00:15
I mean, if I was to request something, I probably would say, are you? Is this gonna be like a scheduled task pushing this stuff across?

Matthias Miller  1:00:26
Nightly plus, probably a few times intraday.

Speaker 3  1:00:31
So I mean, unless you came up with a, if we, if we wrote some type of report that says, you know, here's the, here's the items we think should probably exclude be excluded. And then, you know, some kind of verification says yes or no on it. And then it pushes those. Or we just try to write some hard coded explosions. If it's probably, what's our timeframe on this?

Matthias Miller  1:01:02
Well, the good news is, Nick's gonna be gone. Next is going to be coding it when he gets back. It's my understanding, which is when February, beginning of February.

Speaker 3  1:01:15
So I mean, the likelihood here's the likelihood, if I can get builders on board on our next sprint gent from January 13, on to fix logistics, Josh said, four weeks. So the likelihood of him being coming back and starting coding this thing and logistics, paying six, I think is fairly high. But otherwise, like I said, we're gonna have to write some kind of exclusions.

Matthias Miller  1:01:41
Okay, but we can, we can, you know, what's worst case scenario? Worst case scenario is we put a figure out a field. Okay, I'm not sure if I like this as a long term, but as a band aid. But if you hold on the building record does this thing to accounting, and with some defaults, and an editable report that lets you flip the switch. And we need to change the FDA financial allocations to take a look at basically it, maybe we should have that anyway. Oh, we need to have that anyway, I'm so upset.

Speaker 3  1:02:16
I don't know what that brains name sure was interesting to watch.

Matthias Miller  1:02:27
Sometimes synaptic connections happen in my brain before it connects with my mouth. Be very suspect of those kinds of things. It can cause gaps in communication. Very cheap, and also cause lapses in judgment. The we need to, we already are using the building record for it, what is it building configurations or something like that. And so we'll add a subset to the financial FTI financial allocation indicate whether a building should be should actually sync to accounting because obviously, you don't want template sinking over to complete record singing over and then at that point, we could if we really need to add fueling to exclude some of these where we need to adjust. adjust those roles to exclude certain builders or something from sticking to accounting, we can do that. But we'll need it, we'll need that piece regardless. So I think we're at are doing Jim, more comments on that. So I think where we're at is we need on this particular piece, I can send out the updated proposal if you guys want to and we just need sign off from you guys that you're good for us to roll with it. And ideally, what would happen is, Nick Ellis, and I perhaps do a call to review it all together, and maybe even Joel, to review it all together, make sure we're all on the same page. I think Josh has already gotten what I need from him. capture as much information as you can so that Nick can dive into it when he gets back. Good, I can tell

Speaker 2  1:04:26
you question. So the old involvement is it to make sure that we're looking at accounting properly or what is his

Matthias Miller  1:04:41
Yeah, Joe just recently got his MBA, and has been a financial nerd for a very long time. Fun story he used to make his mom take a laundry basket to the public library. And they would Are the people at the checkout counter, which we'd say, Matt, that's it, you can't check out any more books. Every week, he was back when he was in the, you know, 6789 years old, he would be stacking up his laundry basket as full as he could with books from the public library. So that his is? Yeah, his role is he is kind of a an owner, I would probably call him a product owner of the accounting system as a whole. So his involvement is making sure that it's just kind of providing that that oversight.

Speaker 2  1:05:40
So is, I mean, I'd welcome his his feedback or involvement, or is he somebody that we should to, like when we get stuck in some of these accounting questions that we should be reaching out to him asking questions?

Matthias Miller  1:05:57
Yeah, I think he's a great resource to lean on actually had brought him in early on in some of these conversations and gotten his feedback on it. And his, his basic answer was a I haven't plumbed the depths of everything that you're looking to do, but your approach and direction that you're going sounds right to me, so. But yes, he's certainly a resource that resource to lean on. If if you want a guy who looks at a problem and picks it apart to the nth degree and make sure that every every i is dotted, every T is crossed, and everything stacks up, there's that that's absolutely, he's, that's absolutely Joel's gifting, he's got a brilliant mind, and in a very strong attention to detail. Yep. Okay.

Speaker 2  1:06:53
Well, I've so you mentioned, he's going to be he's basically going to be the project owner of the accounting. Accounting project. So what what does that mean?

Matthias Miller  1:07:05
Sir, of the, I would say, the owner of the app hosting accounting system, so okay, just making sure that the generic, especially the generic shared features that we build out and in accounting, are representative of what we want to have built out there. But as far as the, I mean, this project gets a little nuanced, because there's this, these are core accounting features that should be available to everyone. And then stuff like FTI accounting. While there's some design principles that can be used for other companies, it's not like every other company runs FTI. Exactly the way that you guys do. So. Yeah, make sense?

Unknown Speaker  1:07:53
Your advice, I'm just trying to figure out how best to use his expertise, your advice would be? Or I guess the way that so we believe it would be valuable to reach out to him. You know, more on on, on the questions that we have.

Speaker 2  1:08:21
Probably most of them? Well, no, I was gonna say very industry specific, but basic principles are still the same. Like I'm trying to wrap my mind around. What would he bring that somebody like Larry H, where? Add or what? What would be his strength? Sorry, I understand the counting inside and out. But he doesn't, I don't think knowledge of software. But the opposite may be true. Or Joel brings that as well, or what? How would you? Why would he bring that somebody like Larry would not.

Matthias Miller  1:09:05
So I think the big difference would be would be a deep understanding of the ins and outs of how software works. And as well as a pretty deep understanding of the I don't I don't know what the right term is, but quite quite learned in business business practices. I don't know how deep he's gone into GAAP and related. I'm sure he's got I'm sure those are things he's covered. I don't I don't know. I don't know exactly how deep he's gone. But definitely those two The worlds understanding how those understanding having a foot in both worlds is would definitely be a strength of his.

Speaker 2  1:10:07
But here's here's two things I'm concerned about. One is I don't want to not use the resources if, you know reach out to him if if it's helpful for everyone involved. And my other concern is I don't want to waste a lot of his time or our time talking and we kind of come up with some strategies and then that kind of maybe some new directions on things that other than what we've we've talked about on these calls that then kind of hinders progress on that so what would you what would be your unbiased advice to us on how how are we best best thing?

Matthias Miller  1:10:59
Best way to I'm really good yeah, sorry. I'm really comfortable with where we're at I think I think the real question is, who's the best person for Nick to go to when he's got questions about accounting stuff does Ellis want it to be himself or does Ellis want it to be Joel in addition to in addition to myself to make sure that I'm not don't become a bottleneck on this and we'll I think we can make the decision respectively on who should who that point person should be I don't really see much input coming from Joel that would really at this point I really see a need to solicit input from Joel that would wildly change the direction of where we're looking to go

Matthias Miller  1:11:55
okay good all right so feels good to be coming close to this milestone on that part this this part of it somebody has one set and I've been debating whether this is true somebody is one said that the way to go fast is to go slow there's a riddle to think about but I've been wrestling a little bit with I don't know this is partially because FTI is just filling my head so much. I haven't been able to wrap my head around the payables stuff that like I've been I feel like I feel a little still in the dark about AP and related changes with that and what all needs to be fleshed out and we're gaps and maybe it's just because my notes are so also so discombobulated.

Matthias Miller  1:13:19
So maybe next step for me is going through all of my notes on AP that's probably actually the best next step going through all my notes on AP and trying to consolidate them down into a list of questions and things that we need to be talking about

Speaker 2  1:13:44
it feels to me like the biggest challenge with AP is just receiving the invoice matching it up with a purchase order paying it that's all just basic that that seems like the biggest

Unknown Speaker  1:14:01
hardest part of that will be to create a automated process that properly allocate answers to the right GL account by SS assistant process for that also allows manual or manual changes to be made for are for for things that don't fit. You were sent mold Okay, well here's

Matthias Miller  1:14:49
your here's the Wayne's proposal. It's about to become mine. Dwayne, are you available Wednesday morning

Unknown Speaker  1:15:00
Some time, what time Wednesday,

Matthias Miller  1:15:03
anytime from about 10 to 1230?

Speaker 3  1:15:11
Yes. But mark my proposal, I shot Matthias a message and said, I think if he and I just walk through the whole software side and he get we can I think we can very quickly get a bunch of his thoughts straight and help ask better questions on where how you want to do AP stuff

Speaker 2  1:15:38
in is that on using the existing infrastructure that we have for like the verification report and how that's being done now?

Speaker 3  1:15:46
Yeah, I think it would be valuable for him just to see what we're currently doing. And that way, if it all makes sense, and it'll, and then that will help guide the conversation about what parts and pieces we change and what parts and pieces we reuse.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:02
Yeah. Is there any value for me to listen in? Or Not really?

Speaker 1  1:16:10
Sure. Yeah, same question. I'd like to see how your process

Speaker 3  1:16:14
works. No, Christian, we don't want you in here. Come on, Dwayne. That's not nice. As long as you can put up with Matthias and I's jokes, because it gets a little bit weird. Sometimes. I found that.

Matthias Miller  1:16:40
So I mean, just to be clear, I do have at least a basic understanding of how some of these things tie together, and I'm happy to do that.

Matthias Miller  1:17:01
The question then becomes if Mark and Kristen are going to be on Should we just keep our original Wednesday call? Or do we want to do an additional call to do that and dig deeper into the actual pieces of it?

Unknown Speaker  1:17:17
What else do we have left to go over? In the afternoon on Wednesday?

Matthias Miller  1:17:25
Well, okay, there's there's conversations like.

Matthias Miller  1:17:34
There's still things like splitting things into multiple counts, and whether we are we okay, splitting expenses at the at the PIO level, using multiple SKUs. So if you have a if you have, let's say a, for lack of a better well, ULINE would be a great example, if you've got a Uline line item that needs to be split between office expenses, and I don't know. Advertising, that you, you would just create two separate line items under different skews that are related to that GL account on the PIO. Oh, is that an acceptable way to go about it?

Speaker 3  1:18:22
It's funny that this is the direction your head was going. Because what I imagined out of this conversation on Wednesday morning is you and I are arguing back and forth as to how where some of this stuff is gonna live? Because it really is. It's really a question of, once you see how things are working, it's really a question of, do we go do we go back and like, I think what I need you to do is you need to have a good look at how we're currently doing it. And then we can argue back and forth as to whether we push some of this stuff back over on the purchase order side or whether we keep it on the vendor invoice side. And it really is it's gonna get I envision a really nuts and bolts conversation in down in the in the weeds on this thing and we come back out with a plan forward because it i The more I hear you talk the more I think we have to rework some of that side. And so

Speaker 2  1:19:17
Okay, with your hope that was with that conversation, then it'll be a good framework to work off of to discuss, like splitting GL accounts, splitting classes. Yep.

Speaker 3  1:19:33
Exactly. Because I think if we get our heads around where this the some of this stuff is going to live. I think moving forward on that conversation gets easier. I like it. Disagree with me, Matthias if you feel different.

Matthias Miller  1:19:47
Yeah, I think it's fine. So then, here's my proposal. We have yet to say, oh, man, we had too much time on the calendar for IFR. That was done I'm so if we get to that, then Kristen is going to close close out Dwayne in my meeting by singing We Wish You a Merry Christmas and we'll cancel the afternoon call

Unknown Speaker  1:20:15
I have a terrible singing voice but I can try

Unknown Speaker  1:20:18
Well funny I was gonna ask if you can say

Unknown Speaker  1:20:22
we'll see how quickly we get through the meeting maybe you'll find out

Matthias Miller  1:20:32
So, Mark What's your availability like Mark and Kristen what's what's your availability like on Wednesday

Unknown Speaker  1:20:40
nine or later I'm available

Speaker 3  1:20:45
I have the morning open so whatever y'all decide

Unknown Speaker  1:20:50
Mark same here yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:20:56
All right after well 830 And then let's do Oh 830 I'm thinking my goodness I'm not certain that bad really. I can I can do I can do 10 And we can aim to wrap up by 1130 but go until 12 energy's good

Unknown Speaker  1:21:34
are you going to shoot out the invites I will

Matthias Miller  1:21:37
shoot out the invites.

Speaker 2  1:21:40
Same number to call. Yep, same number. Actually me cool. Good. So you're going to update this proposal Mathias send it out and then ideally we would sign off on it before we leave for Christmas or hopefully by Wednesday or meeting and then we while at accomplishment a way for me to

Matthias Miller  1:22:17
write good. All right. Sounds good. Perfect. We'll we'll do that and we'll talk on Wednesday. Sounds good. Awesome. Thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai