Matthias Miller  00:00
Kevin, welcome to pump in the desert where we bring you honest, curious conversations about faith and the human experience. I'm Matthias Miller here with my co host, Kevin David kritner, and before we dive in, we always recap our three guiding principles, which are these. First, you don't need to be fixed. You need to be known. And we believe that love is knowing and being known. Second, we approach difficult topics with genuine curiosity, not to win arguments, but to understand. And third, we don't come with preset agendas. We let conversations unfold naturally, following where authenticity leads us. So pull up a chair, grab a drink. Let's explore what union looks like with God, with others and with ourselves. So for all of our listeners, you just need to know that before we started this call Kevin and I kicked off our conversation talking about how to monetize narcissism,

Unknown Speaker  00:50
like we do. I mean, how's the weather? How do you monetize narcissism?

Matthias Miller  00:59
Exactly, exactly. It's nice to have such ordinary conversations. So Kevin, you've been posting a bunch of what I've found to be fairly intriguing, writing a lot of fairly intriguing content this week, and I would love to just kind of open up this conversation with with a pretty wide open kind of what's on your mind, kind of a

Speaker 1  01:28
question, the dangerous place to start. Who knows where it could go. Warning, this is live. I mean, perfect. Oh, man. Well, the first thing that really struck me this probably earlier this week, or maybe Saturday or Sunday, but I was driving around doing errands and that kind of stuff, and I saw a few videos that were talking about the effect that things like story and prose, lyric, poems, that kind of stuff, has on our neurology, and what actually happens in our brains when we hear things like that. And I've really been curious about that for a very long time, especially around music, like music can deliver a message that logical analysis, argument, debate, cannot, and it has a way, I think, of subverting the ego, all the self protective, self protective mechanisms. And so I was really fascinated by that. So I kind of started going down a rabbit hole of research and conversations about what that looks like. And I started to look at the plain, simple fact that Jesus chose to teach most often in parables, in stories. Why? And I started to think, like a lot of the the Old Testament is written as a story, as a narrative. It's like, why. And so I just had this, this question, I was starting to think like that, that it, maybe it's one of the primary languages that God speaks, is through story, through metaphor, through poem, through prose, through these things that subvert the ego and get directly into the spirit. Mm,

Matthias Miller  03:44
it's, it's always possible to it's very easy to argue with somebody's conclusions about an experience, but it's really difficult to argue with somebody's recount of their experience. You can, you can maybe tell them that you experienced the information, the situation differently, or that other people experienced it differently. Or, you know, that's that, you know, maybe there are parts of that that are a hallucination. But there's also this interesting thread of thought that if, if union is the knowing and being known is fundamental to to life, to our walk with God, then it it stands to reason that that only happens experientially, and the best language to describe, I mean, there's two types, two ways to embody experiences. One is to share it through story, and the other is to find a I mean, it's basically some some form of artistic performance to recreate it. I. Um, it's, I think I, in my opinion, I mean, these are just kind of my, my thoughts spinning off of this. But in my opinion, it's, it can be anything from, you know, walking through an art museum or or even you might argue this is fairly capitalistic, but walking into an Apple store both, both are an artistic expression to create an experience, some kind of something, and it's a story that, in some sense, you're walking into, right?

Speaker 1  05:38
You're being invited into a story. Yeah, and that's, isn't that what what marketing is like? Target has created this whole series of ads around this Santa Claus figure recently, and he doesn't look like the traditional Santa Claus. He's more like fit. He still has, you know, the beard, shorter hair, gray, you know, but like, fit guy kind of thing, and they've created this narrative around Christmas, because you can be invited into a story, right? A Christmas narrative you're telling, okay? Or you could just state all the deals you have for Christmas, right? And I would assume, on a marketing level, the former is way more persuasive than the latter. So we can even use story to manipulate, to divide, if you have two people in a situation and there's been some sort of conflict, and one comes in and says, This is how I saw it, so I experienced it okay, and the other says, that's how I saw it, and I experienced it okay. Well, the opportunity there is to integrate those two views to get to know each other, their their version of what happened. That's an opportunity. Or we could stand in our place and say that's not true, and defend our walls and attack each other. It's a horrible story. That story teaches a lesson. Curate your words. Be very precise. Make sure you tell a narrative that's going to be accepted. You know, there's all this learning that happens in it, just like there's learning on the other side, where we do actually sit down, we do talk through things, we do actually come to see what the other was seeing and experiencing.

Matthias Miller  07:59
And that presupposes that there's a level of openness and honesty around the story.

Unknown Speaker  08:07
Certainly, certainly

Matthias Miller  08:13
there's this. I didn't think about this until until you started talking, but it occurred to me sometime within this past year that it seems to me like story is one of those few elements that integrate linear and holistic thinking, or logical and emotional thought, because story for story to make sense, it necess necessitates a linear Order. In a linear progression, you have to know that. I mean, this is the setup. You might not know why, but it's really important that you know this first and then, and then this happened and that happened, and it continues down the way, but at the same time, story that doesn't tap into emotion and meaning and holistic thinking and invitation into pattern finding and other types of things surrounded to that isn't A good story.

Unknown Speaker  09:14
What does make a good story? I

Matthias Miller  09:23
well, for what purpose?

Unknown Speaker  09:31
For union?

Matthias Miller  09:53
One of the things that immediately comes to mind is we have these moments when, when, uh. One of her kids wants to tell me something, and they're telling me the story, and it's all just facts of what happened. And it's like, then this happened, then this happened, and that happened, and then the next thing. And I'm like, at the end, I'm like, that was really important to you to tell me that, but I have no idea why.

Unknown Speaker  10:15
Like, what purpose did that serve? What purpose

Matthias Miller  10:20
did that serve? And I think somewhere within the story, there's part of what gives story meaning, in the purpose of union, is that it articulates something about how events impacted us, what, what, what,

Unknown Speaker  10:41
emotion, personal experience of it. This is how it impacted me,

Speaker 1  10:50
because otherwise it's just data points. They may be flawed data points, but it's the verbal some representation of Excel spreadsheet?

Matthias Miller  11:04
Yeah, yes.

Speaker 1  11:06
Not exciting at all. No, not not in tater, not irritating, not engaging, just like and some people absolutely love Excel spreadsheets. They're like masters out of that kind of thing. Like, I want to vomit when I see Excel opening up,

Matthias Miller  11:26
it's your punishment. When I manage you on a podcast, I just do a screen share of an Excel spreadsheet, you'll see me gag Exactly. And I think you can drill down deeper into how it affected. You, like more specifically, what did it make you feel? What What thoughts did you have? What did it lead you to believe? What conclusions did it lead you to? What questions did it leave in your mind? How? How? What was it like in the moment? How did that follow you afterward? Or, how did it not follow you afterward, right?

Matthias Miller  12:12
That's really a window into the inner workings of the inner world of a person can be really powerful

Speaker 1  12:18
tool, right? And so I know a lot of spiritual directors, counselors, therapists, who say that the most important thing is to is to give somebody the space to tell a story, and then to be curious about the story, to ask questions about it, not to prove or disprove, but for clarity sake, to understand where they're coming from, if that's the most powerful thing, they've forsaken, every Other methodology which has been scientifically or statistically proven to to provide these types of gains potentially. And they say, No, there's something more holistic here. There's something more powerful. There's a guy named Phil studz. He had a Netflix special a few years back, he's written a number of books. He was trained in the psychoanalytic model, and he at a certain point, was like, this is not working. This does not make sense. And he has his old logical framework based on his experience. And he's an older guy now, and he has spent years and years and years refining this method where he essentially talks in metaphor and analogy and story, with his clients, with his patients. He does a lot of imagery work. He does a lot of imagination, a lot of that kind of stuff, and a lot of pictures, like, what this is the picture that I see? And he, you know, he's what, what picture are you seeing in this? And he encourages them to get into their story in a very holistic way. And it's been really powerful by all accounts. And when I watched that, that Netflix special, and then I read his books, I was like, he's on to something here. He's not only tapping into a modality, he's tapping into the core of who we are as human beings, right within our within our framework, our Western society framework. It's essentially based on the concept of, I think, therefore I am. Mm. A philosophy that says that your your value, your being, your purpose, your existence, is based on your ability to think, which is a really enlightenment idea. I can solve this problem with my intellect, okay, but how has that turned out for us as a world, as a society?

Speaker 1  15:41
20th Century was supposed to be the age of technology and enlightenment and human progress and becoming and all those kinds of things. And without a doubt, there was a lot of technological advances and that kind of thing. But how many millions of people were sacrificed on that altar. Let's just look at wars alone. How many millions of people were sacrificed on that altar? World War One, World War Two, Vietnam, Korea, millions and millions.

Speaker 1  16:24
People in Christian circles don't like bringing up the philosopher Nietzsche, but as a social critic, standing back and watching something from the outside looking in, it's pretty right on you. Gotten a lot of trouble for making this statement, God is dead. But if you read what he was talking about, his point was and you killed him with your intellectual isn't

Speaker 1  17:02
you? I think he was making the point, obviously, don't know him. Never had a conversation with him, but read a lot of his books. I think what he was saying was, God speaks in the language of metaphor, human experience, all of it, joy, sadness, heartbreak, loss, like all these things, and you can't intellectualize your way out of these things. They have to be experienced. That's why things like, you know, a requiem, you know a requiem, you know the the the the funeral oratory, the dirge, these kind of things, they're so powerful because it brings us into a place not only experiencing the suffering of somebody who is lost that we're reading about or we're watching, but it connects with our sense of loss, the things that we have lost, and it connects us to it. And I think myth, if you look at it, parable, story brings us to a place where we can actually come face to face with our experiences, because there's no space to come face to face with Our experiences in a analytical, statistical, driven data point, use, mindset. It can't purely be that there's a time and a place for it. Of course, there is we've lost our hearts.

Matthias Miller  18:59
So is the ability to think in metaphor and make inference from metaphor is that, is that an innate human ability. I can think of one individual who naturally thinks in these methods and then drives a whole bunch of people crazy because they can't translate that into anything meaningful. They're just completely lost and and, yeah, so I'm curious about that.

Speaker 1  19:48
Yeah, there has to be, well, the thing that strikes me when you ask that question, or when you bring up that point, is that. Metaphor, story, thinking in those modes, like, is incredibly humble by the definition of that we've used already. Like the desire to learn. Because there's it's an exploration, it's a curiosity. Like, I see this working this way in in these places in our world, and I wonder if it applies across the board. There's not a I know that this across that applies across the board. It's like I wonder, or I wonder if the whole goal of the analytical and the statistical is to know, is the pursuit of knowing that one day I will reach this place where I know everything. And I think it's flawed on a very fundamental level, for that fact alone, that there's one day I will know everything, the infiniteness of experience just precludes that seven to 8 billion people all having very unique circumstances, very unique experiences in Very unique locations. That's a lot of experiential knowledge. There's no way you're going to know that. It's not possible. It's flawed from the very beginning. But

Matthias Miller  21:35
I think for these people in particular, there's some kind of sense of, I don't know how to describe this, emoting the future in some sense, like it's it's a I have this. I don't know how to describe it. It's like I've seen something kind of like this elsewhere, and it might be completely in an unrelated field. So there's some kind of artistic expression. And this thing over here reminds me kind of like that, but it doesn't really exist. So I can't put words exactly onto what that really looks like. I just believe that there's it's it. I almost get this sense of here, again, using metaphor to describe it, like peering into the fog, and it's like, I see this shadowy outline, and I think it might be something and, and then the critics are standing by there and be like, Well, you can't see what it is. Tell me what it is. Oh, like, you know, let's, let's deal with it, or whatever. And it's like, or let's build it, or let's whatever needs to happen. It's like, well, I can't, yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  22:41
I can't build a bridge to that, yeah, yeah, because there's, there's this possibility too, right, of using story and metaphor and analogy and intuition and felt sense and that kind of stuff in order to make you feel safe as well

Matthias Miller  22:56
explain that. Right?

Speaker 1  22:59
So how does that happen? Go ahead. Go ahead.

Matthias Miller  23:04
Explain what you mean by that, but by Yeah,

Speaker 1  23:07
so so I could, in my experience around very charismatic circles, prophets and, you know, teachers and healers and all that kind of stuff. What I have seen happen quite often, is you take this intuitive, felt sense that is your experience in a moment, and you present it as objective truth, and then you start operating according to that objective truth. So you could take that sense and turn it into a certainty. I make certain this is going to happen.

Matthias Miller  23:47
Or you can, you can also turn it into safety, because if it's an intuitive, felt sense, you do free yourself from criticism, like there isn't an objective way to measure that really, there isn't,

Speaker 1  24:01
there isn't. Like, one example pops into mind right around the time of the not this last election, but the previous election. You know, there was all sorts of disruption in from from these circles about that Trump actually won, and that that Biden had cheated and and there was a lot of cultural chaos going on at that time. And I saw multiple people make prophecies that that that God allowed this, and then he was going to come and bring restore Trump to the presidency. And how, how, you know, the forces of evil were operating against and I don't know what the interplay was along those lines at all. I don't pretend to know, and I won't even make a guess, but I heard all sorts of prophecies that within the year, he will be returned to the presidency, and the the False Prophet will be thrown down, and all that kind of stuff. I saw that. I saw multiple people in that vein saying those things, what what happened? It's not what happened, but you had this prophecy. Okay? What happened? Were you not just scared because of what had transpired, whatever you thought that was, whether if the election was stolen or whatever the case may be? Were you not just scared and justifying or soothing your fears via this mythology that you created? Mm, it,

Matthias Miller  25:44
is there a narrative of a whatever you want to call it Christian nation or, or, I mean, it can go as broad as that. It could go as as much as, you know, God's spokesperson, individually. Like, is there a narrative to protect with, with

Speaker 1  26:00
this, yeah, and I would have no problem if those people had said no, that was the narrative I was creating, and it didn't happen. And I own that. No problem with that whatsoever. Didn't hear that at all. Didn't hear a peep of it. Okay, okay. I think mythology is powerful in that, even in a situation like that, there is a lesson to learn, if you're open to the lesson, yeah,

Matthias Miller  26:37
it's powerful. But that lesson, the best lessons are extracted not through I mean, there's a reason why literature is best studied in groups. It's there's a reason, in my opinion, why I would far rather spend time in a Bible study, in conversation with other people, engaging around the lessons of this. Then individually, like I feel like, I mean, certainly there's value in cultivating an individual, individual, cultivating their personal walk with God, whatever that looks like, union with God, whatever that is, but, but we in the western world have so individualized it. And when you're looking at, when you're looking at mythology, you're looking at stories like this, isn't it far more powerful to have conversation around it so that we can, we can really plumb the depths right?

Speaker 1  27:40
Well, on the very level of we were designed for we. We were designed for union, we were designed for community. We were designed to learn from each other, to grow to all everything that goes along with that. But in this individualistic society, what happens is there. There becomes this competitive thing that's going on. There becomes this comparison, this ranking system, even within Bible studies. Oh, who's who knows the most about the Bible you're like? Who cares? It's about, we about your personal experience, your interaction with this, the not to go too far afield. But I saw this video, and it was talking about the law of observation and within quantum mechanics, what they have found is that particles or act differently when they're observed. Wow, that's weird, and they use this example of waves. And light travels in ways, and it also travels as photons, as packets of of energy. Essentially, when it's unobserved, it travels as a wave, but when it's observed, it starts acting like a photon, like a packet of energy, rather than a wave. And so it's it, and I'm way oversimplifying this, but the idea is that things are interacted differently when they're being observed, human beings operate differently when they're being observed.

Matthias Miller  29:27
Well, and you can there's actually a book you might also throw up in your mouth on this one. It's actually fascinating. It's fascinating book on getting things done. It's called the four disciplines of execution, but their observation is that humans perform differently when two, when two traits are present. Number one, there's a score, and number two, they're being watched. Yeah, and like, that's the difference between the shooting hoops like and a basketball game

Unknown Speaker  29:54
in your driveway versus, you know, 20,000 people watching you.

Matthias Miller  29:58
Yeah, exactly. And. The more you want to, the more you want to amp up the pressure, the just grow the audience and grow the visibility and

Speaker 1  30:07
right, right and the I think it's interesting, because I saw this correlation in my head, and this may just be in my head, but I'm curious about it when I engage with scripture, and I truly engage with it, and I'm observing it. Does it start to come alive, rather than an intellectual pursuit met, rather than the utility of it? Am I observing and asking questions and engaging with it. Does it come alive in a different way? For me, it has for the longest time. It was a self help manual. I had a problem. I went to it to solve a problem, and then, you know, it was constantly problem solving, but as I started to sit with it and observe it and ask questions of it, and ask questions in community, in the we in union, it started to come alive more and more. And I wonder if, if our individual intellectual competitive score keeping pursuits kill that curiosity so dies because it's really being unobserved. At that point, a person's being unobserved, the word is being unobserved. You know, there's just this death that happens around this, this utility rather than engagement.

Matthias Miller  31:46
There's so many threads to this. Sometimes the observation that we're experiencing isn't actually even a real person. Sometimes it's a it's the opinions and thoughts of people around us who've you know if you grow up in a lifetime of this is not, not everybody's experience, but if you grew up in a lifetime of having been observed and measured and it you have to, you have to die, to the to that voice that keeps talking in your head the Phantom, the Phantom reality,

Speaker 1  32:25
the perfectionism standard, by whatever view of perfection was presented to you in your formative years. I can't that's the hardest part for me. Can I allow that voice to die. When, for so long, I believed that that's what was keeping me alive, was that voice I had to follow it

Matthias Miller  32:53
when there's there's another intriguing question by which, and I'm curious to hear your experience of this, how does that die? And I think for myself, the death for me, happens when I'm in impossible situations, and there's no I really have two choices. It's either, I mean, I don't think dying is even from a physical standpoint, even when you have somebody who's ready to transition, who's that they love Jesus, that they've got eternal, eternal confidence and faith, even even seeing, you know, even seeing visions of of Angels or Jesus, or things like that, there's still this really painful process of the body letting go and in the body is built to hang on. It's built for life. And I think we have to understand that that our own death is very similar, that death to ourselves, or our own death is going to be is going to just it can be very noisy and very messy. And I think the questions I've forced myself, I have had to do. It's, it's basically like, when the death happens, am I going to flail and and destroy everybody in my path? Or which, which is the it's the easy, reactive thing to do, or am I going to take the opportunity to I mean, really, I don't know any any way to describe it besides just fall on Christ and and throw myself on him so that my flailing doesn't hurt the people. Around me, right? And he's so willing and ready to be present in our flailing as that death happens. And that's really the safest place for ourselves, and it's really the safest place for the people around us, and certainly where there are people, there can be people around us, but we are still the ones who have to do the dying. Right?

Speaker 1  35:43
Yeah, what I hear you talking about is like, is the sacrament of suffering, a tangible, real world, felt experience of suffering here that ties us to Jesus, ties us to the eternal. And if we choose that,

Unknown Speaker  36:09
if that sacrament of suffering is a destination rather than a doorway,

Speaker 1  36:19
we're either going to avoid that doorway with everything we are, or we're gonna approach it and we're just gonna stand in it. And probably depending on your relationship to suffering throughout your life, how suffering was handled, if it was to fix it or to medicate it, or to get rid of it, or, you know, to ignore it, whatever, whatever methodology or it was to learn from whatever it is, depends determines which way you're going to go. So the so the preconceived notion about suffering determines how you're going to handle it, and if it was anything other than to learn from it and to experience it and to allow Jesus to hold you in it, then something is going to have to die in that moment, something's going to have to die. So, like you said, you know, the tough situations, my narrative breaks down. Those voices break down in the really tough situations, right, right? And I think you at some point, methodologically and in real world, you come to the end of your knowing. Like Alexander the Great, you know, there's the the poet writes like he wept when he came to the edge of the world because there was no more territory to conquer. That's very mythological. All of us come to that point where there is no no more territory to conquer. The voices in our head which have been guiding us the entirety of our lives no longer function. Well, what do you do at that point?

Unknown Speaker  38:21
I mean, there's a million to one different responses to that.

Matthias Miller  38:26
I think you pitched Napoleon on some kind of sales pitch on going to the moon or something. Let's monetize narcissism.

Speaker 1  38:36
You got to do something, right? Yeah, you do gotta do something, so I find a new territory to conquer, something obscene, something outlandish, right? Let's colonize Mars, okay, okay,

Matthias Miller  38:59
but it's possible, and again, it's possible that those actions aren't driven by those motivations of having hit your limits. It's possible that those explorations can be fueled by curiosity, by by the desire to help humanity in some form or fashion, whether you agree with it or not, right? But they can also be fueled by this deep drive to, I don't, I don't want to come face to face with with the reality of my limitations, right?

Speaker 1  39:33
Yeah, I don't want to die. I don't want to die. Yeah, there's this character. Have you ever seen this show, parks and rec? Okay? So there's this character. Rob Lowe plays the character, and he is this eternally, like, upbeat, happy guy, even when he's going through massive like suffering, he'll say, like, I am suffering terribly right now, but it's in the most chipper, cheerful way going on. And one of. Episodes, he looks at me, and they're like, Why do you take so many supplements? I guess he's got, like, B vitamin injections and supplements and like all. He's always got this. And he runs the work, all the stuff, and he goes, because I'm gonna live to be 150 years old. And there's no like, hint of like he's not serious, like he's dead serious. I'm gonna live forever. Like, like, yeah, maybe that is the longing inside us, yeah, to live forever, but we just mistake it for physically live forever, right? There is entire we talked about the bridal industry. Before we got on, we were started recording. Like, think about the self perfection industry. Yes, whether it's plastic surgery or it's supplements or it's treatments or whatever the case may be, I'm gonna live forever.

Matthias Miller  40:59
Well, and then there's, then there's the other elements of, like, Okay, I mean, there's so many versions of this secular, Christian, whatever, of legacy. And legacy is about living forever, so, you know. And then there's ways to soothe the ache of not getting everything done in your lifetime that you want to, which is, you can spiritualize it, which is saying, Well, God has a legacy for family lines, so you don't have to freak out like you will live forever through your kids and your grandkids. And if not biological, then you know there's so many ways to create this concept of a life that will continue beyond you. It's why people put their names on buildings. It's why people start foundations. It's why people try to find, you know, world changing inventions and win the Nobel Prize and do other types of things like that, so that they can leave some kind of thing and won't be forgotten, even though, statistically speaking, the odds of really, truly going down in history as, you know, as a universal, nearly, nearly universal figure, it will be remembered for hundreds or 1000s of years. That's pretty rare. Be rare. I mean, just look at the percentage of the people in the world who who under just, just to pick one example, what percentage of the world truly understands who Martin Luther was. Even though he's famous to a large segment of the population, there's a large segment of the population who isn't, or for whom he isn't, and that's just one example of many who, by some definition, are and genuinely should be, well known, respected for their impact that they had on the world.

Speaker 1  42:51
Yeah, it's fascinating. Yeah, the person who is remembered by everybody, or, you know, history is really the iconoclast is the one who saw something in a system and was like, There's something off here. I'm going to do something about it. And fascinating thing is, those who buck the trend, those who go, whoever's going left, they go right, you know that kind of thing, those are the type of people who really, really are remembered for good and for bad, depending on how you viewed their lives. There is really this, this, this desire to be remembered, and almost a self assuredness of, I'm right, like, and no matter who is in my way, like, you could see that as like Alexander, the great people, you know, the average person knows who that is. I mean, previously in our educated society, everybody would know who that was. Steve Jobs, you know, those type of people like they decide, no, I'm going to do it this way, and I am going to take whatever pain comes to create my legacy.

Matthias Miller  44:30
But there's also it goes beyond just that, because it's not just that, it's also, well, okay, first of all, my observation of that is that for every one of those who becomes well known, there's, I don't know how many nines there are, but there's 999 or 99,999 who are just straight up forgotten. Yeah, it failed like miserably. It not just, I mean, sure, there are people who are average there, but, but many times it comes with failing space. Exactly, and and then the other observation is that it's not just bucking the trend, it's there's also a level of marketing that comes with that, because there's, there are a lot of people who do buck the trend in some capacity, but they do it in such a covert way so as not to be remembered, and, and, and so I think there's cases where the marketing is done intentionally by themselves. I think it's, it's, I mean, there's a reason why Steve Jobs was on the keynote. Was the keynote speaker for for the Apple announcements. But there's other times when the marketing is done by other people.

Speaker 1  45:50
Well, you look at it too, like it's very mythological, like it's very Icarus. You fly too close to the sun. Your wings mount and you crash down to the earth like Steve Jobs. Yes, he, he built this company. He was he was apple, and yet, when it came time to recognize his humanity, he refused to refuse to believe that he had cancer or that it was going to kill him. Okay? Alexander the Great, he expands this territory at the cost of keeping his men away from their their families for years and years and years and years. And his men end up killing him because they saw he was never going to stop, like he flew too close to the sun, like there is this tragic story.

Matthias Miller  46:39
Well, I think a lot of these people would admit that they've the level of risk how, like a lot of it does seem to come down to, how closely Can you can you fly to the sun? How much risk can you take? You have to go right up to the absolute possible edge, but you dare not drop off the edge right, right? That's a lot of mental angst to and physical angst to live with on an ongoing basis,

Speaker 1  47:09
and a person in that position can even be aware of that fact. But the pull of the ego is so strong that the vision of what is the edge and what is not. The Edge gets really clouded, really clouded. Well, the Bear says, oh, sorry, go ahead.

Matthias Miller  47:32
Well, just a quick note on like Alexander the Great the problem, the problem is that you have this positive reinforcement up until the edge, like you've survived this far and the further you go, it feeds the ego and the confidence, because you've, I mean, you have data that supports that you're invincible, right, right?

Speaker 1  47:50
Yeah, there's a show. It's on Apple TV called 100 foot wave. And it shows the the surfers that come to this place in Portugal, where, during a certain season, they get these massive waves. And the most recent season, there's this big wave writer who is famous, and who you know is has done, has done this 100 times. He's riding one foot wave, one mistake. He dies. Dies. It is dangerous. It is so dangerous. I mean, it's essentially crashing pretty much on a cliff, so you have to ride and get out at the right time, otherwise, like, you're done. And like, like, that's the reality of it. And like, how, how far can you push that edge before it bites back.

Matthias Miller  48:46
Well, there's a, there's a level of, okay, more from, you know, things I've heard, not from experience, but there's a level of, I've experienced it in some, some fashion. There's, there's trail running that I've done, that that's where it's like, you really have to be on your game so you don't roll or break an ankle.

Unknown Speaker  49:08
Yeah, oh, yeah.

Matthias Miller  49:10
And there's, there's something really, I don't know what you call it, euphoric, meditative. I don't even know what the right view. You can probably find a better word for it, but the hyper focus that you get in a situation like that is something that's a really incredible experience.

Speaker 1  49:26
It sounds like a flow state, a flow

Matthias Miller  49:29
state and, and there's a lot I I've heard from many different directions in extreme sports, that that's a lot of what it's a lot of what they're chasing is, is that flow state?

Speaker 1  49:45
Yeah, I know when I run 75% of the time, it's, it's a duty, it's, it's, it's a slog, it's a it's an effort. But there is that 25% of the time, especially. For me, when it's raining and I'm out running like it is just a flow state, and I feel like I could just go forever. You find that rhythm, and you're in it, and you do, you do, chase it like it's like chasing the eternal, like, Oh, this is a small piece. It's a sacrament. This is a small piece of what heaven is going to feel like, what it feels like to, you know, shed this mortal coil, right? And to be in that flow state. And it is addicting. Talk to any runner like, I'm certainly not on that level, but they they run ultra marathons, they just run. That's just what they do. There's a flow state that they get into, and it's addicting, like, if you could live in that flow state, oh, man. The closest thing I can compare it to is when I had knee surgery a number of years ago, really, to 2000s and they in the pre op, they gave me some sort of sedative to, like, prepare me for, for the surgery. In that moment, it felt free, like it felt like there were no problems in the world, and like everything was great. And like, like, I get why people get addicted to drugs. That feeling, like, I haven't experienced that feeling anywhere else, but like that feeling running, they called the runners high, or whatever you get in that flow state, okay, bring up the surgery, which, strangely enough, running caused me to need the surgery. But, but like, there's something there that I very rarely experienced in this life, and maybe that's the mythology. Maybe that's what we're talking about all these endeavors. We're chasing this flow state. We're chasing this experience.

Matthias Miller  51:58
There's something about flow state that lets you put your blinders on, like the rest of the world disappears and it's just you and whatever it is. And I mean, there's, there is a little bit of a of an eternal hint with God wiping away the tears, like the worries being being gone, like there's this sense in which are all these things that haunt us in our lived experience. Here will be, will be gone. They won't. They won't be in our peripheral vision. Yeah. So jump, jumping back a little bit to the conversation of prophecy and mythology and scripture. So most the way mythology was ever described was, you know, described to me, taught to me, approached, you know, it's, you can never say any of the Bible is mythological because the scriptures inspired and true and but but parables, by your definition or by your are mythological Nature and and I think the question then becomes, what, where in do we what? Well, there's a whole question of that, of understanding the relationship of mythology and scripture. The other quick question that I'm curious about, and you can just pick whichever road you want to go down, I am very fascinated by what you're saying about the metaphorical language of the general charismatic culture and the concept of prophecy. And it's striking to me from that conversation that there are some people who are leaning heavily and almost exclusively on metaphorical language with very few. You know, you can make an argument very little grounding in objective facts and reality outside of that. And we also see people who are only grounded in objective facts and reality and completely abandoned. You know, metaphorical language and and in, you know, intuition and felt sense, and a lot of those would end up being, I mean, that's that's typically where you find, at least in religious context, more fundamentalist types of groups of people. So I'm also very curious about how you see both the intuitive, felt sense, metaphorical language and the analytical, objective, data driven pieces fitting into Yeah, into our approach the world and with God, yeah.

Speaker 1  54:53
Well, I've seen, I've seen something interesting in people I've talked to people I. Worked with. It's an interesting trend, people who are raised in more charismatic traditions and had some sort of experience with that, their their response to that is typically to go hardcore analytical. I can think think of five examples right now who are raised and in more of a Pentecostal charismatic church, who now are just really solidly Calvinist. And I've seen people who were raised really solidly Calvinist Baptist, you know, whatever the case may be, who their response was to go more charismatic, more Pentecostal. And in that, I think there's something very, very interesting, because you can't say one's holy good, one's holy, bad, can't right? But what I think we can say is that it's an attempt to seek balance. Yeah, and maybe we were looking for we got hardcore one viewpoint, and we started to experience something around there that wasn't true, came to the edge of our understanding, or we had questions people couldn't answer, and we could blame the people who were supposed to be giving the answers, the pastors, leaders or whatever. Okay, you know, maybe, maybe not. I don't know the individual situation, but what we do know is that you reach the extent of your knowledge at that point, and so you went searching for understanding another place. And I wonder if the over the course of life, we don't all have these diversions back and forth in a seeking of balance. That's how I approach it, like it's a seeking of balance, because this is really, really stimulating to the mind and to the analytical, and this is really, really stimulating to the spirit, to the heart, okay? But we are integrated beings, and we have to have a balance there, right? That's the first thing for me. And in charismatic circles, what I've seen more often than not, is people chasing a feeling, chasing a flow state. It seems to me that that in my experience with working with people in this area, that that there's been something really, really painful that hasn't been able to be addressed by these other ways. So I go super mystical and trying to address it, and it's an avoidance, or it's a chasing of a feeling, and an avoidance of a feeling

Matthias Miller  57:58
makes sense.

Speaker 1  57:59
And so I get really, really leery around prophets and healers and that kind of thing, when their prophecies and their words of knowledge and that kind of thing seem to be 99% empowerment. Prosperity, encouragement, like these kinds of things, because when I look at Scripture, the prophecies that I read about the the prophets that I hear speaking, 98% of the time, they're speaking warning and woe, and 2% of the time they're giving encouragement in really difficult situations. So I don't, I don't hear the I don't hear today's prophets speaking like those prophets.

Matthias Miller  58:57
And I've got a question for that, because how much of that is because that is literally the DIS I mean, how much of that is because that's and maybe this is literally the distribution that the 98 2% that you know, 90% 2% that should be the balance how much that is because profits were predominantly sent to people of power Who who who refused to listen to anybody else. And the Prophet was the one who was willing to speak on God's behalf and willing to risk his life and either looks stupid or be killed or, you know, whatever, whatever the consequences would be. And as we've seen a lot in the story of Jonah, like that was the big battle. Like, are you willing to surrender your ego to deliver the message? Like that's it's fundamentally it and and the prophets did go to the broken and downtrodden. Jesus himself and the Beatitudes addressed them and said, good news for you. But even he was confronting their beliefs. Their beliefs were, I'm so broken and so downtrodden that nobody can save me and beyond hope. And nobody but he's like, no, there actually is hope. And so if you look at the fundamental structure of any kind of prophetic nature, like it seems to me, in not having studied it, not having this is just inferences, but seems to me like much of the role of the Prophet was to provide God's perspective on a situation that was outside of the person's current frame of mind,

Speaker 1  1:00:41
right, right? And I could be wrong about this. Again, we're not experts. We're just to do guys being curious about stuff here. I don't see God picking people up and taking them out of situation. I get him delivering messages and saying, I am with you. That's the hope I am with you. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:01:15
well, hope the possibility of change. Man, you're probably aware of this in in in your work, but the high that you get from from alcohol, from the relief that you get from alcohol, is actually not from the drink, is from the decision to drink, yes, and in the same way, the emotional hit that you get when you're in the middle of a situation is not from being delivered. It's from being it's from from the promise of deliverance, right? And that's a really powerful thing when it's grounded in truth, but it can be incredibly delusional, delusional. And there's a lot of people who've deconstructed and and sometimes walked away from the faith because they were given hope and a promise and it give me, and they latched on to it. They they experienced an emotional hit, and reality didn't actually line up with that, and that's a really difficult question. Then when somebody's speaking on behalf of God, and the message is God will will take you out of this situation, and it doesn't happen, and and then what? Right?

Speaker 1  1:02:38
Right? I think that's the most holy and sacred time, because in that moment, and we've all done it, I've done it, we've all led our hopes and our dreams and our desires to be rid of something like lead us into fantasy of he's going to pick us up and pull us out of this. We've all done it like if you sit across me and tell me you haven't done it, then conversation over because we have, all of us, and you can put religious language on it, you can put secular language on it. It doesn't matter. We've all done it because it's painful, and we don't like the pain and we want to be freed from it. Very understandable, very understand, and I think it's the grace of God that when those things get shown to be not real, that he's with us, and that's where the true learning happens. That's where the humbling happens, that's where the character formation happens. But if we cannot accept that. If we cannot accept that it was us and not him, then we're going to get stuck in this infinite loop of asking for God for things and him either giving it to us or not giving it to us, depending on our perception, and it just becomes this feedback loop,

Matthias Miller  1:04:06
which man with and with confirmation bias. We'll take the few times where he did answer the prayers and are like, See, I had faith in that moment. And all the times when we don't see that, it was like, Well, I didn't have faith. I must have done something wrong. I must not have I needed a fresh something to so that my prayers can get answered. Because there's this fascinating thing concept with what you described, too, with the with this back and forth between, you know, from truth to truth, denomination to denomination, whatever it is that Richard Koch, in his book the natural laws of business, talks about the idea that that a missile. Okay, when you're, when you're, I believe that's working. Where, where this concept? Where I stumbled on this concept? But the idea is, if you're, if you're, if. Reaching for something, something besides your bed. And you don't know where it is. It's dark, you can't you have a broad, sweeping motion, and then you accidentally hit it, and you narrow your motion. You're like, oh, there it is. Got it. Same thing that you know 99% of the time, that a target seeking missile is in the air. It's off course, right? Design. So, yeah, we're going this way back, like it's not even possible, just because of all the variances. Like, perhaps, if you, I mean, if you had a perfectly controlled environment, which is an insane idea, no, no, you know, you can control the wind, you can control everything. Who knows? You wouldn't have to do that. You could well, and you had, and you had computational methods that could calculate with the level of precision that you needed to, because that takes an incredible amount of precision to set the and maybe even with that, I don't know, maybe even with atomic alignment, like it's not possible to do, who knows, in a theoretical world, potentially, but we're not in a theoretical world. We're in a pragmatic world. And so you're going to get thrown off course. You're going to get through in this way. The the third picture of this is, I think Chesterton talks about this in Orthodoxy, but the idea of church is a rock that's, that's, you know, it's about to fall. It looks very perilous, and it's about to fall this way, and and the whole thing is about to be capsized, and all of a sudden it falls over on this side. And it's, it's perilous, it's, it's unpredictable, but somehow it managed, just manages to stay upright despite all, despite all of humanity's imperfections and whims and all the weird things that

Speaker 1  1:06:45
happen, right, right? Yeah, just the unpredictability, yeah. I mean, like to live in an environment where you absolutely know that chaos will happen. Just solve that problem like you have to recognize that chaos is going to happen. It will happen if I'm if all of my theology is based around preventing chaos from happening. It's a poisoned theology. And it's gonna end up hurting people.

Matthias Miller  1:07:27
Well, there's so many layers to this. It's like you're not going to have an on day every day, you're going to succumb to temptation. You're going to talk about that can be seemingly, seem very fatalistic to certain streams of thought.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:44
But the point is, if the goal is perfection,

Matthias Miller  1:07:48
if the goal is perfection, but if the goal is union, I mean, it's it's like, if you really understand that we are on a journey with a destination that we're not expected to arrive at. Just move towards, yeah, then you can give yourself grace to get up the next day and to move again, right?

Speaker 1  1:08:12
And what if you take that outside of the personal, and let's, let's expand it a little bit wider, and let's take it to the cultural like, look at the winding route the Jewish people have taken throughout history, no matter your feelings on right, wrong, good, bad, healthy, unhealthy. Like, let's just, let's just put all that on the shelf for a second. Look at the route the Jewish people have taken throughout history. That is a that is a circuitous, exhausting, up and down, everywhere, across the globe type of route. Now, if you us sitting here looking back over the history, we can acknowledge, wow, that is, that as a journey, but imagine being yourself in that community, experiencing those things. What are you going to feel? Are you going to have the eyesight to be able to say we're on this circuitous journey

Speaker 1  1:09:22
as a human being, that's going to be really, really hard. 5000 years of human history recorded, and we've always been wandering. No wonder they would want to hold on to this homeland I want to I want a home. And we're not saying Right, wrong, who's at fault? Who it like? I'm not talking I'm not even addressing that. That is not what we talk about here. What I'm just talking about is the lived experience of being with. In that community. Of course, there's going to be a longing for home. Yeah, of course there is. And look at, look at the Arab people going all the way back to the Abraham story, being cast out in the desert and, you know, all that kind of stuff. Look at their wandering. Of course. They're going to want a home, of course, and they're going to want a home that is isolated and protected from the outside world, because what they have experienced from the outside world,

Matthias Miller  1:10:34
the outside world is not exactly been friendly to them, either of them. Yeah, right. Of course, that's

Matthias Miller  1:10:50
fascinating. It Wow. I mean, that's also a challenge to us as individuals, to us as churches, as in a church context, that when we face, particularly in a church context, when we face opposition and persecution, that we don't become insular in response. And that's that's a challenge. One of the things that also that I've also thought a lot about is that it seems to me that much of life is about navigating forces, uncontrollable forces, forces of nature, that if we were to view cultural trends less as maybe I'm just completely bonkers on this idea, but It seems like there's such a thought around the idea that we can control the cultural narrative and in line of thinking. And sure, maybe there are things we can do to influence it. I don't know, but, but maybe there's also something also interesting happens when you surrender and you you recognize it as, in some sense, an uncontrollable force of nature. The wind blows where it will, the water moves where it will. Like don't build your house on some kind of place where you know you're going to get, you know, on a flood plain. Well, at a floodplain, there you go, perfect. Don't do that. And then just pray, doesn't you know rain like

Speaker 1  1:12:28
and so such a vastly curious thing, like when you have set your your your your home, up on a floodplain, you pray that there won't be rain. And around the world, in the desert of Ethiopia, they're praying it will rain, right?

Matthias Miller  1:12:45
If God were running a democracy, how many people are in the desert praying for rain? Terry, dude, you're screwed.

Speaker 1  1:12:55
Really interesting, right? And I think about like, I think about like, human nature, you know, and the nation of Israel, the Jewish people and the Arab people and like them looking for a home. And I think about denominations like they're looking for a home. They feel unsafe in a world that is unpredictable. And this group of people sees the world in this way, and that makes me feel safe.

Matthias Miller  1:13:25
Well, how much of the formation of denominations comes from some form of threat response?

Speaker 1  1:13:35
You're asking a dangerous question. Well, but it's kind of what we do, curious questions. Well, I'll go, Yeah, I'll go one step further by by that understanding of human nature is the lbtq group, a denomination. I'm just looking for a home. I feel unsafe in this world. And again, we're not saying Right, wrong, good, bad, healthy, unhealthy. We're putting all of that stuff on the shelf. We're just saying like as a human being, is that not a denomination? Yeah. Is it any different than I'm probably going to get myself in trouble for saying this, but there's is it any different than the Baptist or the Calvinist, or the Charismatics or the or the or the or the

Matthias Miller  1:14:29
what I think it's very easy to see from from the gospel, from scripture, that any home that we make for ourselves that is not union with Christ, with God, him as the dwelling place, is some form of idolatry. And the sense of home that we should experience in any kind of community, gathering, anything like that, should be based on that. Yeah, and only in so far anything. I think some of the challenge, especially in religious context, is that it can start with that, but it takes a very perceptive person to recognize when it's drifted from that, and that sense of belonging and home just happens because you have all these friendships that you've accumulated over the years, and now that's why it feels like home, right?

Speaker 1  1:15:26
And it gets really insular, right? Really isolated, really us against the world, really bubble esque, right? And then, like you look at it like it becomes very insular. We create these utopias where this is our haven from the rest of the world, but it also cuts you off from any sort of dissenting opinion which could move you forward, and so you get really increasingly more internal and insular. It's like the the royal families in Europe to to maintain the royal bloodline. They intermarry all within this, okay, now we start to have some some issues that pop up when you become insular, or utopia communities where you become very insular, very isolated from a world, very separated, and you all intermarry, and there's some issues that come up from being too insular.

Matthias Miller  1:16:31
There's also issues that come up from not being insular. What do you do when you've got somebody burying into the royal bloodline who doesn't share the values of the royal bloodline stands up to the system like that's a really

Speaker 1  1:16:56
from a distance. What if you have somebody within a insular community who is having a really rough time, yeah, and it's not getting the help that they need, and so they look outside of the insular system for help, and they're receiving help. But how does the insular community respond to that person. Yeah, that's, they're the, they're the, you know, Jesus will forget the 99 and go after the one. They're the one we have to go after.

Matthias Miller  1:17:39
Yeah, they are, I think, I think, I think, fundamentally, the issue is that that either way, you fall into the trap of believing the lie that there's a problem free life somewhere, which, if you want to go back, let's, let's talk mythology one more time, if you want to go back to the garden, like, isn't that part of the like in a perfect world, the serpent was able to point out the flaw, the whatever you want, you know, the perceived in a perfect world, in a perfect world, right? With the promise of a perfect world. And to this day, whether it's in marketing, whether it's religion, church, commerce, consumerism, whatever, we're so susceptible relationships, the bridal industry, I don't know, whatever, everything we've talked about, we are so susceptible to this idea that there is a perfect problem for free life out there somewhere. And the faster you can break your your the illusion of that and the delusion of that, and actually accept the fact that you're just going to have problems, like it's just going to be it, and would you rather have the problem that comes with being insular and, you know, inbred and all this stuff that comes, you know, whatever, whatever you want to call It, however you want to say it, yeah, incestuous. Exactly. Or do you want the problems that come from having dissenting voices and uncomfortable people and and people you can't control and in a chaotic situation and trust that in some form or fashion

Unknown Speaker  1:19:16
where we have our

Matthias Miller  1:19:19
our sight set on truth, and that we're going to self correct along the way, and by God's grace, we're going to arrive where we need to, when we need

Speaker 1  1:19:29
to, yeah, go read East of Eden, like if you're wrestling with these ideas of what it means to be part of a community, what it means to insulate, what it means To perfect, what it means to be eternally searching for or this Eden experience. Go read East of Eden Steinbeck is a master of writing about this. He writes the story so well. And the beautiful thing is, somewhere three quarters of the way through the book, there's a servant. He's He's a Chinese. Guy, and he gives this monolog, and it's about 10 pages long, and it just essentially summarizes what we just said. It doesn't exist. The perfect doesn't exist. There will be chaos. Can you live in the chaos? And trust, isn't that? What the The illustration or the you not a parable, the story of Jesus on the boat in the lake with the disciples, with the storm raging, he doesn't remove them from the lake. And what he says is very curious, like, oh, you of little faith, I'm here, I'm with you. We're not safe yet. No, no, I'm here, I'm with you. There's no promise of safety, there's promise of presence, there's promise of unions. Yeah, that's the reality.

Speaker 1  1:21:08
We could just figure it out. Yeah, I'm suspecting that. We're not going to

Matthias Miller  1:21:16
I'm going to suspect the same thing, and

Speaker 1  1:21:19
I'm going to suspect that there's going to be profits, there's going to be iconoclast there's going to be people that are standing saying, Hey, we're missing the boat here. And those people will be treated in the way that human beings typically treat those people, which is, we, we cancel them, we silence them, you know, whatever, and if they still don't shut up, then we kill them. And that's what it's going to be like.

Matthias Miller  1:21:51
It's kind of depressing to think that that, I mean, it's such a you it's been such a recurring pattern in history, like it's incredibly difficult to argue against. If you're not careful, it can be an incredibly depressing thing to think about.

Speaker 1  1:22:08
I go back to what Paul said for the hope of Union. He endured the cross, yeah, for the hope of union, not only with God, with God, certainly, but with each other. We endure what happens here and and there are moments of heaven where you do experience that union, in a friendship, in a in a marriage, in a with your children, with whatever you know, with your your community, you feel this union. And you go, Ah, this is the flow state you were talking about your Thanksgiving off camera. And like, when you were talking about that, like it just felt like, this is a flow state. This was good, yeah, even though there were sardines present,

Matthias Miller  1:23:06
There's a story there.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:09
There is yes.

Matthias Miller  1:23:19
Well, I, I the one last question. I don't know if you have just a couple minutes, so one last question I had with this whole conversation is, in the in the shift from you know, Calvinist Baptist to, you know, charismatic or vice versa. How would you describe the whole, integrated person on the end of that journey? What does that look like?

Unknown Speaker  1:23:59
I have to use my imagination. I really think it looks like a humble person,

Speaker 1  1:24:09
just with the desire to learn. And every person I come into contact with has somebody to something to teach me. I don't feel like I think that person has been through the fights and has recognized how useless they are. And I recognize, I think it's something like Jesus, when the rich young ruler comes up to him and he says, you know, sell everything you know, give it to the poor and follow me like it just looks like somebody who's only concern is, what is Jesus saying and doing now? And that's where I want to be. Yeah, I think that's a very humble position. It's a very Desire to Learn position. It's a very meek position. Mm. And I think that person, metaphorically, has a sword, knows how to use it, but keeps it sheathed until it's time. I think that that's what that person looks like.

Matthias Miller  1:25:16
And pragmatically, it's a place of coming to peace in some way, of the good and the not good, and wherever they started their journey, recognizing the good and the not good, and wherever they are at in the moment, or wherever they've walked through, and being willing to assimilate the good that is there, being willing for to forgive the things that aren't good in those spaces, and then be open to recognize that they don't have the whole picture.

Speaker 1  1:25:50
And being open to being you in front of somebody, and if they choose to walk away, they walk away. Yeah, not holding on too tightly to anything aside from Union Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:26:13
and recognizing that for a significant number of people, that whole idea is scary, right? Yeah, it's their it's their mount. Everest, yeah. All right, have you had I just got to shut this down, but anyway, I'm going to ask a question. Anyway, have you ever had people like, just, you've had that experience where people are like, that Kevin guy, he's too, I don't know. I'm too afraid of what he's going to see in me that I'm going to avoid, avoid him. Like, like, just,

Speaker 1  1:27:00
yeah, yeah. And I've been afraid Yeah, in that way as well certain people, of like they see pretty clearly, and maybe I'm not ready for what they see. So yes, you Short answer, yes,

Matthias Miller  1:27:20
you can stay over there. Yeah, let's create insular system, because it's better for me.

Speaker 1  1:27:31
Just easier. That way I can sit in my office with my books and my dog and yeah, just safer,

Matthias Miller  1:27:38
exactly they're known problems.

Unknown Speaker  1:27:42
And then my dog yells at me, like, Dude, we need to go outside. I want to go to a park. Yeah, exactly,

Matthias Miller  1:27:50
exactly, wonderful. Well, this has been a fantastic conversation. We've covered a lot of really interesting terrain stories, starting with stories and the impact of story, and really ending up with man, how stories unfold in people's lives and how we make sense of it. And it's quite wonderful. Thank you, Kevin. Thank you. And for all of you guys listening, I thought about this recently. Why do I always like? I always say this at the end as if like, I fully expect people to go the whole time and just follow along and be like, Man, I really want to hear that last comment to Matthias. Man, that was a zinger. Like, it's

Speaker 1  1:28:43
our narcissism, right? Exactly. We're certain that, because we're here for an hour and a half, like, you're gonna be here to the end, obviously.

Matthias Miller  1:28:52
I mean, obviously, I can't imagine. I mean, nobody has anything else to do with their life. They should be listening to this. So anyway, nonetheless, if you made it this far, I think you should just give yourself a high five. You're probably already subscribed. You're probably already following us somewhere. So there's really no need to tell you any of that we would love. We do. We do love hearing from you guys and engaging in the conversation, like we've said many times. We were curious people, we try to be mindful of our own limitations and our lack of expertise, but also recognizing that we do have a perspective from our lived experiences. So we would love to hear yours. That's my point with that, because that brings a fullness to the picture. So thank you for if you made it this far, hats off to you. We're we're, we get a privilege for you to join our conversation and until next time,

Unknown Speaker  1:29:47
until next time. Thanks, Kevin, you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai