Matthias Miller  00:01
So wanted to process a little bit of numbers. I think first of all, there's a handful of things one is, one is there's this, there's this thing of letting numbers drive your decision, rather than letting your vision progress, and I don't know where this stuff goes, or how they all these things are really vision when numbers become your priority, another aspect of it. So there's that. Where else are we gonna

Matthias Miller  00:49
think the other thing that's really used to remember what goes back to the thing that I was talking about earlier, which is one of the things and looking at numbers, actually, numbers, numbers? Oh, here's a good one. People will point you to the aggregate, and try to get you to make a decision about the aggregate. But what are the variables that are going into those numbers? For example, you're looking to lose weight, your pound, if you're only tracking your pal, you can't, I can't get telling you what to do based on this. If I tell you to, but if we have more data, for example, if we have information about what what nutrients you are consuming, and we have data about your exercise, and we have data about your sleep, then we have much better capacity to actually make the decision about what is really good for you like, like, then we could say, look, here's the problem. Here's the place for the breaking death every time that this is going to happen, which should be weight related. Listen to me, very carefully. Nobody's losing weight. Do you have a gym membership? Yes. Yes, yes. Okay. But let's take a look at the data. Look, you're only going to jump x days out of out of lot. Why is that? Well, here's the other issue that happens, I have this certain this could be a live stream from a certain call that's scheduled right before I have to go go to the gym. And if this call goes late, that I that is my entire schedule. All right. So there you go. There's your answer, that's not working for you. So what do we need to do to change to change your schedule, there's no way that you're Wait, looking at the wait number, there's no way that you could say, you have a phone call scheduled the wrong time, cause cause your weight that's going to sabotage your weight loss. That's why it's so important not just to look at the aggregate to get depth in detail, and focus on detail. Next thing that's really huge, yes, one of the thing that you're going to take away, taking things away is credit. So you can look at this almost any given perspective, if there's something as overwhelming. So let's say that you have I mean, one of the things we're looking at is training onboard new members.

Matthias Miller  03:28
So what are the non essential things to take away from that onboarding process? Let's get results. You can see that these are really granularly. Or you can also do it really large scale, or scale your business there's certain products or certain things that you offer certain clients that are costing you money, one of the best things you can do is eliminate that clients from your business and eliminate that service. Just do it. You have two plus button here. This is a huge, really big thing. Here's the problem with it. And especially about idea generating your an idea generating machine. Here's your Achilles heel, you will generate ideas that take you beyond the optimal, sweet spot where your ideas will keep generating ideas.

Matthias Miller  05:00
You will Your example. And this is like in this in this project that we're recording here, with a tangent that really does tie back directly to the core of what I'm trying to present all this stuff down and get down to the core, I get rid of all the noise, what I'm trying to say, look for ways that you can eliminate things you can not do. And focus on that now requires precision precision. They're things that do not appear to be meaningful until they are within the context. So there, there are small things that you do that contribute to the big things, you have to understand context, you have to understand the complexity of those interactions. But once you understand that, you can certainly spec the layers. And you can, you can start eliminating things that really don't add any value. They're not adding value. Also got to thinking about what made the big shift in my mindset. I think one of the big shifts was just having a space to think what is the real priority? Where are they at? How do I get grounded reality? Here's a huge thing. Your is a huge

Unknown Speaker  06:10
thing. backs do not equal reality. backs do not equal reality, you have to understand what reality is. You have to understand where you're at. And you have to understand contact. All the reasons why you need contact with your data. What I really love is looking back over context, because where does that coming from? So there you go.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai