Matthias Miller  00:55
Thank you Hello, hello, guys

Speaker 1  02:09
hopefully you are more prepared than we I don't know. Good or not? Hopefully you have I guess this is a good thing we don't we don't have time. So you're ready to call her so it

Unknown Speaker  02:28
means everything is flowing very smoothly

Speaker 1  02:39
we do have a few things. One is the 30 that report.

Speaker 2  02:46
Oh, the one for the uncategorized expense thing? Yes.

Speaker 1  02:52
And then to mention that it might be good to just go ahead, you

Speaker 2  02:59
know, just go over the menu. And I feel like I kind of lost track of what new stuff showed up and stuff. Yeah, it's like, we asked for stuff and then you know, and then it happens and we forget where and how it went. But

Matthias Miller  03:21
let me growth pains or something I'm not sure. Yeah, or just lack of communication and proper training? I don't know. Okay, well. So all that I have is basically saying that you should be getting a whole bunch of stuff that you asked for over the weekend. And I think I'm mostly caught up with my stuff in January except for a few things that we're going back and forth on like, need input the mismatching you know amounts and categorize expenses, etc. And so I'm thinking of spending next week on the accounting impact changes that we discussed and then working in whatever else is necessary but let's see. So let me Alright, so on the accounting menu what is new

Speaker 2  04:23
what's the unmapped ledger accounts down there and um

Matthias Miller  04:29
these are ones that ledger accounts that showed up on a vendor invoice but are not tied out to a to chart of accounts.

Speaker 2  04:48
Got it so I had a special link to something like that. Way back when

Matthias Miller  04:55
probably got it. Okay, and then we put it on the menu for you Yeah, okay, I know what that is

Matthias Miller  05:09
some more stuff coming and trying to think if there's anything else that's on there yet that we wouldn't have

Matthias Miller  05:19
seeing a project ledger, all this stuff should be pretty slow register budgets.

Speaker 2  05:29
What's the view register? How is that? Different from general Ledger's, though,

Unknown Speaker  05:35
we can see that?

Matthias Miller  05:38
You know, I don't know if I've ever really figured that out

Matthias Miller  05:50
on that stage General Ledger on this, it's got to be on something like the well, not the default account, apparently. So let's do primary checking. Let's do this one on.

Matthias Miller  06:09
And let's not hide the starting balance, because it looks like the other ones generating starting balance.

Matthias Miller  06:19
So this has date, transaction number, debit, credit, contact, and car. Date, transaction has reference and contact has the account description, debit credit balance car, since changed this date range from just change this to a custom date range?

Speaker 2  06:44
So I mean, it shows the same thing, just some different columns.

Matthias Miller  06:49
I think so let's

Speaker 2  06:58
and in a way, how much different is that from this? Oh, from this other thing we're creating right now? Yeah, last? I mean, I don't

Matthias Miller  07:11
know.

Unknown Speaker  07:12
Like several.

Matthias Miller  07:16
I'm not really too worried about having a

Matthias Miller  07:26
I'm not too worried about proliferating reports somewhat. And then I'm not sure why General Ledger versus what the rationale was be hind it. Were just versus register. But

Speaker 2  07:42
yeah, well, that's probably insignificant. It wouldn't be

Unknown Speaker  07:46
access level, you

Matthias Miller  07:50
know?

Matthias Miller  07:57
Looks like you can only run the register on specific accounts. Ask probably just asset and liability.

Speaker 2  08:05
Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  08:10
Okay. But it's not clear why. I mean, there's not any fundamental reason why you could run this report on an expense report. I mean, it doesn't make sense to keep an expense balance. But fundamentally, you still could you could show the accumulated expenses and store across time. Oh, the ledger does not have a balance either. The can at the highest starting balance, it can have a balance, those should balance at the end.

Speaker 2  08:51
Yeah, but not like a balance with transact like a running. Right. We're just so yeah, that makes sense. I mean, this would be more for the asset accounts. Where are they at? We're at with certain transactions.

Matthias Miller  09:06
Right. They're probably also performance implications of seven seconds versus so this loads twice as fast, presumably, because we don't have to calculate the balance. And, you know, basically, you have to get everything in order and calculate the balance before you actually show the record. Just takes a little longer. Yeah. Yeah, well, no, we actually have to. Yeah, we have to go through back through all of history. So first, go go back through all of history and then be able to show the running the running balance and anyway, so yeah, speed is the other. Perhaps practical consideration. It makes much difference

Speaker 2  10:00
Um, the the one for that Uncategorized expense account? You don't have that on here yet, do you? Know,

Matthias Miller  10:09
I was waiting to get this nailed down and then put it on the menu?

Speaker 2  10:14
Okay. Um, so we were just looking at it because we're looking at a way to basically create a, a cash transactions report, you know,

Unknown Speaker  10:27
so financial send this in? I don't.

Speaker 2  10:35
So what we did is we just put the bank account in the first in that first selector. So it just shows everything that affected your bank account. Which kind of makes the primary checking. Yep. Make so and then and then just leave the rest of the next one blank. So this would be all transactions that affect cash. Now, we did notice that it is your labels are backwards. It shouldn't be deposits payments on the left and checks charges on the right.

Matthias Miller  11:19
Well, if you're running it off of an expense account, or often undeposited funds, it's correct right. Now No. Shouldn't shouldn't sorry, no, no. Uncategorized expenses is what we were.

Matthias Miller  11:43
So this one here are 100. Okay, so this is a credit to primary checking, which means that is

Speaker 2  11:55
well, yeah. Yeah. means it's a check out or a charge.

Matthias Miller  12:01
From the account which primary check out which is in the correct category here. The problem is we're not flipping categories. When we charge change the the label depends, the label is right for Uncategorized expenses, but it's wrong for the bank account.

Speaker 2  12:22
Is you are Oh. So there, we would list it as it was the same transaction? Why would it switch?

Matthias Miller  12:37
Because in this case, you're looking at the line item for you're looking at this line item? And I guess we could put it I guess really, if you want to make it be consistent, why would we make the

Speaker 2  13:00
O okay, what I was, okay, what I had in mind is

Unknown Speaker  13:17
so if you would put

Speaker 2  13:31
Are there any? There's Yeah, there is you put ABC. Okay, there is a there's, there's a basically a deposit to Uncategorized expenses in there. But but the uncategorized expenses in

Matthias Miller  13:53
this guy. He

Matthias Miller  14:02
I mean, one thing that we could do is we could change this report to say, to have this first one be the asset or liability account. Right. And you can only ever run this on an asset and liability account and then have the

Speaker 2  14:19
that'd be the expense. The reason for flipping

Matthias Miller  14:22
this is because in this case, the deposit amount is 4231467. But the uncategorized amount is 10 Five. And so what do you want this to show here? Do you want to I mean, presumably you want to show the 10 five see?

Speaker 2  14:51
Well in the uncategorized expense situation we would want it to show the total power

Matthias Miller  15:00
What do you need the cash transactions report for?

Unknown Speaker  15:04
Well we're using it

Speaker 2  15:06
for cash flow basically just showing what effective cash for the week

Matthias Miller  15:12
I mean isn't isn't that basically this

Matthias Miller  15:26
isn't that just the register

Unknown Speaker  15:30
yeah

Speaker 2  15:35
um the other one just looked more clean because it had it you know as listed as this is the group that comes out of this account so on so you know, I guess I'm just checking out do you have a build number if you went if you bought the bank account in there again then you can see these are the bills we pay it groups them nicely

Matthias Miller  16:01
Ah, got it. Okay, well, I mean I'm having trouble here right then you've got undeposited funds you've got you got it broken down like that okay, well, do you want

Speaker 2  16:23
we just thought if if we had totals on each category for that it would be pretty decent report.

Matthias Miller  16:32
So we could have a

Matthias Miller  16:41
let's do this

Unknown Speaker  16:56
okay

Matthias Miller  17:12
so if you have an

Unknown Speaker  17:27
income and expense

Matthias Miller  17:38
so, really all it needs to happen is first of all this should be

Matthias Miller  17:57
and then this is

Matthias Miller  18:12
like that and then in the column headings if we actually easier to do it like this

Matthias Miller  18:31
I'm going to have to drop off at the bottom of the hour by the way. So, if if the main account is a an asset

Matthias Miller  18:49
or expense, No, we aren't eliminated. How is it so, a check or charge the debit would be

Unknown Speaker  19:07
the debit is your expense account

Matthias Miller  19:14
if if you select an asset

Unknown Speaker  19:17
if we're if we're based on the asset right then the the charge will be the credit like the charge to the asset account will be the credit

Matthias Miller  19:38
okay, but then

Speaker 2  20:04
I think it would be fine by me to just always have a fee and asset or liability in that first one. And then and then your other account in the second. Okay.

Matthias Miller  20:22
But then we need to know, but the the issue is that. So if you if you select this account, then you would show line items from this

Unknown Speaker  20:34
That's right, sorry.

Matthias Miller  20:37
Which we can. So if you just like asset liability account, we show the line items from the asset or liability account. Otherwise? I mean, that's where just

Speaker 2  20:56
wouldn't it show if you only select? I mean, Uncategorized expenses? For your secondary one? Wouldn't it show that line item in the list? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  21:09
We could make it. Yeah, I mean, we could we can make a do that. And then. So then if you have a secondary one, we will effectively flip the columns. Or I think that's fair.

Unknown Speaker  21:36
And I think I'm getting lost.

Matthias Miller  21:39
Okay, here's, here's what we need to do. Let me just make a note. Change the primary prompt to asset slash liability. Keep the secondary prompt. The primary parent would still be required.

Matthias Miller  22:04
still be required. If you select a secondary account, show that row instead of the full amount, and flip the debit slash credit columns. Let me in the interest of time, I think I think I've got a pretty solid crack at a revision, and I'll send it to you and see what you think.

Unknown Speaker  22:36
Are you gonna put totals on it?

Matthias Miller  22:40
Yes, I can do that.

Speaker 2  22:42
And then if if the first prompt includes multiple accounts, can that affect the grouping as well or not?

Matthias Miller  22:58
So would you want the primary grouping to be by the first?

Speaker 2  23:04
It would probably Yeah, the first prompt would probably be the primary grouping? Sure, so it kind of be like this asset account. And all these expense accounts that it hit. Oh, maybe we're just making this more complicated?

Matthias Miller  23:24
Well, I guess I'm wondering, why does this thing have to be? I mean, it's also worth asking why we have to have turned this into one report instead of two. Maybe it's close enough that it's simpler to do it in one versus two. But it might be just as simple to say, let's go build two reports. And once we know what we want in both of them, then let's see if we can consolidate them into one.

Speaker 2  23:45
Best okay. So so what we'll be looking for is basically a cash transactions report via our other one.

Unknown Speaker  24:06
Which is kind of what was described here.

Speaker 1  24:13
Which one, the primary account you select would be primary checking. Are you good? So like the secondary checking, but in

Speaker 2  24:21
Yeah, there'll be other checking accounts too, that you'd want to basically

Speaker 1  24:25
select all your checking accounts and then your secondary account? No, you wouldn't even go through like you

Speaker 2  24:31
wouldn't even select your secondary you just want you just want them grouped as to where they go.

Matthias Miller  24:41
I mean, would you want the on the secondary accounts though? Do you want to show the total cash transaction or do you want to see the other line items you want to see the other line items? If you have $500 cash going out the door and $100 goes to marketing and 100 goes to from undeposited funds and 100 dollars in $400 or whatever it is goes 500. somewhere else, then you want it broken down?

Speaker 2  25:12
Like we'll see on the on the actual transaction that affects the checking. Like if it's paying a bill, all it says on the other side is counts payable. It doesn't say where that bill actually went, which for a for a cash flow statement, that's fine. Or Cash Flow Report? Because no, no, no, no. This much paid the bills.

Matthias Miller  25:47
Okay, well, I had, I was not anticipating that we would need it.

Speaker 2  25:55
I mean, there's, there is another like, what they had been using out of was a detailed income statement out of QuickBooks, which basically shows transactions, that that create, like, normally an income statement is just totals, can

Matthias Miller  26:11
you? Can you shoot me a copy of a detailed income statement. And that might actually be a better route to go, I would like to, let's figure out separate situations what we want. I, I apologize, I scheduled something for the bottom of the hour, and was not anticipating that we get into the weeds of stuff, if you want to email me a copy of that. And let me just see what it would take to whip up a report like that. I think that is something that would have usefulness in more situations than this. And the uncategorized expenses, let's go clean it up to what we think we're happy with, and then see if there's a more standard way to do it. Or if you just want it as a one off.

Unknown Speaker  26:52
And that should work and simplify

Matthias Miller  26:55
our lives a little bit keeping them separate.

Unknown Speaker  26:59
Yeah, and probably the

Speaker 1  27:00
thing you'll see on the income statement, the detailed income statement we're sending you is that while that worked fine in QuickBooks, it won't because we're not posting purchases to assets will somehow have to also bring those in. So and this is Don't overthink it. This is kind of an old carryover QuickBooks, this was a basically for a reporting function so that we could see quickly what so managers can see what happened to cash. I mean, now we have a lot of steps that are ahead of that that kind of take something basic that would do this. Yeah, we can send that to

Matthias Miller  27:49
good and then we can bring the drafter to and then it'll give us something concrete to haggle over.

Unknown Speaker  27:56
Okay. Thank you. Thanks. Yep.

Matthias Miller  28:01
You are welcome. We will. Yeah, we'll do you as well.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai