Unknown Speaker  00:00
Hey Aaron Hey Matthias,

Unknown Speaker  00:12
back again.

Matthias Miller  00:14
All right, yes back again. Thank you for accommodating that.

Unknown Speaker  00:20
No problem.

Matthias Miller  00:22
Okay, I think Dwayne said he's might still be a few minutes late I'm pinging him to see

Unknown Speaker  00:35
how long it's gonna be okay we go over

Matthias Miller  00:56
he'll be on in about a few minutes here so okay let's get started

Unknown Speaker  01:07
so I don't know that we

Matthias Miller  01:09
if we've talked or not before what does it what's the role? Are you involved

Speaker 1  01:19
so I do started as a lot of purchasing and kind of inventory management and a track the inventory I was I was involved back then we started the we called the IMS I'm not sure if you're familiar with that or not like the how the purchase orders are placed and the Kanban cards so that's kind of how I started and then I'm not I'm just doing trying to you know, get get help Mark get processes up to speed like this payroll thing I've been doing testing and that type of thing. So when Josh was here last was last week, he he explained a little bit how, how the code Haas and how the companies work together is I think I understand it partly

Speaker 1  02:25
I was just gonna ask you what, what you do or how that works?

Matthias Miller  02:30
Yeah, so I a lot of what I'm doing on the assist project, I'm doing I'm helping a lot with accounting design right now mostly. And then I was involved in the, in the payroll design and lots of doing and I have a call every week where we work through lots of miscellaneous software stuff. And then we're more broadly, servers working with contractors been spent on this call as well. A few guys who are working with me. Yeah, several guys working with me on software design for other companies, other projects, and doing QA customer support. Helping them actually with the nuts and bolts of getting these things rolled out. And so I get there's a lot of that that Ben and Tim are able to do and then they they

Unknown Speaker  03:40
I apologize

Unknown Speaker  03:44
for being late

Matthias Miller  03:46
welcome. And then they tapped me on the shoulder for all those nuances that can only be had from years of climbing down in the cobwebs and corners and other kinds of things that that show up. So that's a nutshell Welcome, welcome Duane.

Speaker 2  04:06
Yeah, I was in the middle of a phone call that I couldn't just cut and run from so I apologize. It was not supposed to last that long.

Matthias Miller  04:22
Alright, so I've got good marks agenda here. And I think

Matthias Miller  04:33
I think we'll just start working our way down through here and see how far we can get I'm going to have to drop in to hopefully five probably grab some lunch and

Unknown Speaker  04:50
my end so

Matthias Miller  04:57
bonuses for owners.

Matthias Miller  05:04
So the owners so normally owner wages are their own. Cool except in this case where it's

Unknown Speaker  05:22
I mean Well, well,

Matthias Miller  05:29
let's just do this errand you're gonna walk me through. promos.

Unknown Speaker  05:34
You said you have an agenda. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  05:39
Ben, could you word that to mark sent it out yesterday? I don't know if you're on the email or not.

Unknown Speaker  05:46
Maybe Hang on.

Unknown Speaker  05:47
Hang on. I have

Speaker 2  05:51
no backlog don't email stuff. No, no, no, no, no, not that one. Now just shoot it to me that way I can rather rather than digging through my list of emails here that I'm behind on

Speaker 3  06:03
Nevermind, I just got it. Just found it. Gosh, it sounds sorry. But I find it

Unknown Speaker  06:26
okay, so

Matthias Miller  06:28
yeah, I don't know how we want to go about this. But for voiceover and JSON structures, employees are still being paid out of a 15% pool or they paid or some kind of percentage production pool the

Speaker 1  06:43
white tail or not, they're just paid a straight hourly. So they would not be the the employees are just paid a straight hourly and Jerry stone, they have a percentage. I think it's like seven and a half or something like that. That the employees get paid?

Speaker 2  07:05
Well, currently, okay, currently, as of 521 2023, they are they are defined as an independent child company at all. That's the, the Okay, I'm gonna stop talking I was looking at the wrong thing.

Unknown Speaker  07:21
15% report Okay. That's a 50% production per month owner pool. So then

Speaker 1  07:39
yeah, it's seven and a half percent for cherrystone. So, after the buildings are built, we take the total production and we give seven and a half percent to the employees, you know, after we take out their, their base wage, and whatever, so seven and a half percent is the employees. And then we look for all the district x the retail buildings and we add that bonus that goes directly to the owner, not to the employees. So we we take the we basically take the 15% of the production and we take give the employee 7% And then we give the owner whatever's left and at the same time we add that district X bonus to that after we've paid the employees because the employees don't get that

Matthias Miller  08:39
just to be very clear that seven and a half percent for jury stone works the same way as any other rule. So you would take the base wages out out of the seven and a half percent and then split that remainder based on a standard pool district. That's

Speaker 1  08:53
right and we have tested we've tested that so that part is working like the employee part is working but we had we did not put any district X bonuses in because the only I think the only way to put that in is just the way mark put it here

Matthias Miller  09:13
somewhere here

Speaker 1  09:15
in see the bullet point there that we will just have to put it as a bonus on the on the owners, KPI or whatever you call the the individual. Because if we added as a labor intensive, which is technically what it would be, it should actually for accounting it should show up as a labor intensive but then it would increase the production

Matthias Miller  09:41
pool. So are we getting timecards for the owners?

Unknown Speaker  09:49
And don't think no, no.

Matthias Miller  09:54
Do we have standard Dwayne, do you guys know anything about owner bonuses

Unknown Speaker  10:04
I don't

Matthias Miller  10:08
sir my my Zoom screenshare is your pen I'm gonna make you host and try to restart soon and see if I can get screen share bags. So you guys could be I'll be right back here

Unknown Speaker  10:23
let me back in

Matthias Miller  10:34
right and then if you want to turn on screen share between those together okay, so historical

Matthias Miller  11:00
owner payroll verification. So we have stuff in assist for the week starting on the 23rd. Does that sound right?

Speaker 1  11:11
Yep, actually last week, should should have as well.

Unknown Speaker  11:14
Okay,

Matthias Miller  11:17
let me try pulling up the cherrystone independent verification just so I can get a picture of what that looks like

Unknown Speaker  11:29
we probably

Speaker 3  11:30
should discuss, see, and the bullet point there in the last half of the bullet point which has nothing to do with payroll

Speaker 3  11:48
the owner wanted more money instead of giving it to the employees, which just cracked me up but

Speaker 2  12:01
I just want to shake my finger a little bit

Speaker 1  12:11
I don't know if there would be a different way to calculate that what they now call the district next bonus.

Speaker 2  12:22
So are you always had that? Are we proposing of assigning it as like a discretionary bonus is that what we're we're doing?

Matthias Miller  12:30
That's kind of what I'm the direction I'm thinking of going is that we'll have to have something somewhere where we I'm thinking a custom X 30 Dwayne that calculates this and stomps it on two stops, it has a subsidy under bonus.

Speaker 2  12:51
So currently, there is a there is a report that goes out, I think on a weekly basis to Shannon, that basically says for these for these particular builders, here's the buildings that they were built, they were district X, and here's what their manufacturer or retail price was times whatever percentage he assigned to it. So that you probably could start, that would be probably the place to start if you want to build an X 30 to actually punch this stuff in

Unknown Speaker  13:17
automatically.

Matthias Miller  13:23
We're gonna have to start adding, we're gonna have to add a field to the company record that says that's a

Matthias Miller  13:33
that is like basically an additional bonus amount, I think,

Speaker 2  13:39
to payroll configuration on the company record, were you thinking?

Matthias Miller  13:43
Yeah, I think so. I mean, kind of like what we do for historical tenant nine payouts.

Speaker 2  13:48
So you're going to basically write, you're going to write to an RG repeatedly react to the RG and that will actually be what you'll pull them into the timecard.

Unknown Speaker  13:56
Or oh,

Unknown Speaker  14:00
sorry, verification,

Matthias Miller  14:01
verification. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  14:05
Okay.

Speaker 2  14:11
So basically, you'll be able to go back historically back through that RG then and see what you're going to assign a date and assign an amount to it based off the buildings that were produced that week. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  14:26
No, well, I

Unknown Speaker  14:28
Well,

Matthias Miller  14:31
yeah. And then the other thing that I'm going to I'm like in this now

Matthias Miller  14:43
and we are also going to give you an expression to calculate that bonus. And so basically, we'll go calculate that bonus. And then as part of the freezing process, we'll freeze it. And so you can come up with whatever rule you want. For what kind of additional bonus, you want to pay these guys pay the owners? So

Speaker 2  15:08
would would the would the expression hold the date range? Or would the would there be? Is there a scheduled task that writes based off the expression to the amount then? Or is it all going to be a caplet? encapsulated in the expression? So

Matthias Miller  15:26
the the expression would take a would accept a week, which we are not calculating,

Speaker 2  15:31
that's asking. So basically, if it's, if it's a, so basically, you're going to sign the percentage rate via sign the percentage rate and then and then basically go through your, your, what the parameters are, if it's district X building, and it's whatever, whatever whatever, then then, you know, multiply that times that percentage or whatever the via sign is that about, right?

Matthias Miller  16:00
You have something like that. Okay.

Speaker 2  16:02
I'm not like that. That way. It can. It could be. Ooh, that way. It could be. It could be expanded or contracted. It will.

Matthias Miller  16:14
I mean, you can do anything you want.

Speaker 2  16:17
Yeah, we can we can assign bonuses from the Ohio district into North Carolina. Wouldn't that be great? North Carolina?

Speaker 1  16:26
Yes, go ahead and assign it. Just assign them directly to to me. Well,

Speaker 2  16:32
you'd have to be you have to be an owner inside of cherrystone. And then we could we could probably accommodate.

Speaker 1  16:39
Oh, the other tricky thing here is, is so there's two owners for Jerry Stoney, Manuel Weaver and Raymond Detweiler. So Emmanuel is 80%. Owner and Raymond is 20%. So if the bonus would be split, after we figure out what it is, it has to be split then at 20.

Speaker 2  17:00
Yeah, and I think we already support that. Correct with us.

Matthias Miller  17:05
Yeah, at some level.

Speaker 1  17:09
I just didn't know how that's working. If we're just putting it directly. I know this is splitting the, the 15% pool, but I didn't know what is split the right would have to split the district X bonus as well.

Speaker 2  17:23
So the only thing, the only thing you don't like about this thing with us is that if we ever need to go and diagnose, it's sitting on an expression that's not that's a little like, you'd have to go build something to report on it. If you if you driven off of a if you drove it off of a report and an X 30 Then you'd have a diagnostic report, you could go and evaluate on I don't know just a thought.

Matthias Miller  17:44
Well, okay, what are other ways that we can do this? This is controlled by what are the variables? Number one 50% of manufacturer price of buildings produced? Breach retail price, retail buildings minus. The other option would be good.

Speaker 1  18:12
I was just gonna say if it's a district X building, I, I think correct me if I'm wrong, Dwayne. But they get paid off the retail price instead of the manufacturer price, right.

Speaker 2  18:22
And that's fine. We can handle that inside of an expression. I just want to be able to defend the numbers if it's ever asked.

Matthias Miller  18:28
Good. Here's the question. Can we simplify this whole thing down? And say just like we have labor intensive bonuses, we've got owner bonuses with custom rules. And then you have a and the 15% and the seven and a half percent.

Unknown Speaker  18:47
Wow. Okay, and then

Matthias Miller  18:51
does the existing payroll module handle everything except for the district X bonus? Or are we still running into issues with whitetail run?

Speaker 1  19:00
No, I tell Jerry stone are working fine. Well, okay, other than the owners, but the the employees are working fine.

Matthias Miller  19:08
But what about the the whitetail run with the 50% minus employee payments without a pool? Are we able to do that with the current payroll module or no?

Speaker 1  19:21
I'm not 100%. Sure. Currently, what we were doing is we were we were just calculating it, it would calculate it at 7%. The employee the employee part was working fine. I guess I can answer your question for sure.

Matthias Miller  19:36
I mean, if the if the employees are getting paid, employees are getting paid out of a percentage pool, then the owners can just get that much more in their owner pool. Like if they get 15% and employees get 7% Well, then the owners pool is 8% plus the District bonus Right? Right. It is. But But wait till Ron doesn't have a bonus pool

Speaker 1  20:14
I tell Ron would would it would be 15% minus whatever the employees get paid, which is straight hourly, then we we look at that total and take that out of production and pay them that whatever that what whatever's left plus district x

Matthias Miller  20:37
so is that getting calculated? Is that 15% minus whatever employees get paid? Is that getting calculated correctly right now, for the owner

Speaker 2  20:49
it's done manually, I sent you the I just did our signal that actually goes out to Shannon so you can look at the subset of it. That being said, I think this is he basically takes this and then

Unknown Speaker  21:02
what how I read they're currently handling it

Matthias Miller  21:07
Okay, so there's so maybe we would actually need a combination. So we could do something like an owner

Unknown Speaker  21:19
I don't know.

Matthias Miller  21:25
Well, Dwayne, to your point. Why wouldn't we?

Matthias Miller  21:40
If you want to do diagnostics, why would we build you a report with the same logic in it and then in that report would be used in the x 30 to import it into the RG so that you could still go back and historically run the report.

Speaker 2  22:01
But but the but you'd still encapsulate it based on an expression on the builder payroll configuration. Or were you are you are you proposing converting to doing a report in the next 30

Matthias Miller  22:18
I think what you would do is

Matthias Miller  22:25
all right, alright, here's how it would work

Unknown Speaker  22:35
for

Matthias Miller  22:36
this you would have two expressions for this bonus you know, what's the district x the bonus logic on a per build bonus amount on a per building basis and then what is the company wide owner bonus expression? So

Unknown Speaker  23:05
wait whoa wait

Unknown Speaker  23:11
now

Matthias Miller  23:15
if the hourly wages exceeds the pool we still pay the hourly wages we're not going to not pay the hourly wages because the toll was too small right

Unknown Speaker  23:29
I think so yes.

Matthias Miller  23:32
I'm just wondering is there anything we can do with

Matthias Miller  23:43
this whole thing would be

Matthias Miller  24:10
would white tail run ever consider giving their employees a

Unknown Speaker  24:14
percentage bonuses are not a district X. Oh, cool.

Unknown Speaker  24:24
I don't know.

Matthias Miller  24:36
nearly same, well, there's a

Matthias Miller  24:43
there's got to be a percentage point somewhere that's almost always right above whatever.

Unknown Speaker  24:53
And if you want to do that,

Matthias Miller  25:01
Okay, would, could we negotiate with them that the owner doesn't get 15% minus total amount employees are paid. But instead we say, across a year, your employees are getting six and a half percent. So we're gonna keep our eye on this, and you're gonna get eight and a half percent. And we'll just keep our eye on this and every, you know, every quarter every six months, we're gonna reevaluate, make sure we're treating you fairly.

Unknown Speaker  25:36
And I actually switch them to, to percentage.

Matthias Miller  25:40
So, yes, if if they, if they don't want to give their employees a bonus pool, then we would we would switch them, we could still give them a district X bonus. But their owner pool would be based on what we anticipate there. There

Speaker 1  26:00
that you're saying the the employees would still get paid hourly, just like they do. And then we we'd watch what the district exponent or the production bonus really is. And we'd actually how are you?

Matthias Miller  26:18
Okay, instead of saying it's 15%, minus the total amount employees are paid? We would say, I mean, it's still that, but instead of saying that, we're calculating that on a weekly basis, we're gonna say, Okay, we're gonna look at an extended period of time, over the last year, your, your employees get paid six and a half percent of production. So we're gonna pay you eight and a half percent, instead of 15%, minus the actual dollar amount, we're just gonna pay you eight and a half percent, because that's pretty close. That's close enough. And if if you optimize your shop, and you guys start doing better than that, we'll increase that percentage. If if things start slowing down will decrease the percentage, we'll just we'll just keep that in sync, and it's going to be good enough that and close enough that that we're over, that's all it is. Well,

Speaker 2  27:16
defending defending that one, and and committing to keeping that in alignment? Probably is there's a, there's a lot of room for suspicion inside of that one.

Unknown Speaker  27:30
Maybe not, I don't know. Thoughts. So

Speaker 1  27:39
we basically add, we'd say, Okay, we'll pay the employees this. And then the owner pool is, is the eight and a half percent, and we'd add those to the get together versus going 15% Minus the employees.

Speaker 1  27:58
It's, that's currently not how all the others are working. Right. So it would be a little bit confusing, probably.

Matthias Miller  28:05
Well, no, but the other thing is, everybody else is paying, they're paying their employees out of a pool. And so everybody else, you can say, well, the owner gets X percent. Give or take the calculation, differences we come up with.

Speaker 2  28:29
Honestly, and this sounds like you need to go and get general on board to get their sub shop to be standardized with their their current pay structures is what it really sounds like.

Speaker 1  28:42
It's that's what I was thinking that would be nice. But if if j y tail doesn't want to do that, then what do you do?

Unknown Speaker  28:50
I guess he likes working. So.

Speaker 2  28:58
I mean, it's one of those things where, you know, we're kind of building a, a, an edge case here, right.

Speaker 1  29:12
Vinyl structure is straight hourly as well. Actually, I was just trying to think what what the differences are but vinyl. Is that right? I think

Unknown Speaker  29:29
vinyl structures Yeah, that's right. So there would be two. Yeah, but vinyl

Speaker 2  29:40
structures isn't trying to do the fancy math of subtraction of this and that the next thing?

Unknown Speaker  29:51
I don't mind. I don't mind asking.

Speaker 2  29:54
Well, I mean, here's my concern is we're adding another piece of complexity to our very already very complex This module, can we can we get them on board to follow what we're currently doing?

Matthias Miller  30:13
Here's my challenge. From a software standpoint, we have not one edge case, but two of them. Edge. Case number one is district X building bonuses, which we have for two builders. So that's edge case, then we have a percentage minus an owner paid off of a percentage minus flat rate of employee, which is for one builder, which is edge case within an edge case. The

Matthias Miller  30:51
I would love to eliminate

Unknown Speaker  30:55
Well, the whole

Matthias Miller  30:57
edge cases, you'd love to me to

Speaker 2  31:03
Riddle me this because the whole builder bonus, the whole builder bonus thing that North Carolina is doing for district X buildings could be manually added. It wouldn't have to necessarily be an automated system.

Unknown Speaker  31:18
Would it? Right? No, essentially

Speaker 2  31:21
North care. So every time their payroll stuff comes in, like this report that I sent to you already goes out to Shannon, every single week. So he could just literally send that thing into whoever's entering payroll stuff and say, add this, this, this to this individual. Done. Okay,

Matthias Miller  31:38
I would be comfortable with that. If we give you guys a way to do a weekly owner bonus. And it gets split up out through the 8020. And maybe has a separate line item on the owner verification, I don't know if it needs that or not. Discretionary owner bonus, then, and if you guys have reports that go out Dwayne's responsible for making maintaining reports to say, this is what needs to get calculated. And here's how much owner bonus you need to enter for the week, and whoever does payroll goes and puts that into the week. And then none of the rest of it is automated.

Unknown Speaker  32:12
I mean, well,

Matthias Miller  32:14
let's get off my back,

Speaker 2  32:15
it doesn't solve the edge cases at the edge case, if we can get if we can get Aaron to solve that edge case and standardize that, then I get, here's what I'm afraid is going to happen, we're gonna go, we're gonna go write this, we're going to go and write it and codify it inside of the software. And

Unknown Speaker  32:39
hopefully,

Speaker 2  32:42
it doesn't stay around for another, you know, too much longer. And they can figure out a better way to do this. And, and then it's like, well, now we, we we wrote code and spent money to do development for to handle something for right at this second. And if we can handle those kinds of situations as a manual situation, and we can solve the other edge case scenario with a candid conversation, then we keep things we keep an already

Speaker 3  33:10
fairly complex module. Less from from ballooning, even more complexity.

Matthias Miller  33:16
Do you have a philosophical problem with discretionary bonuses for owners?

Speaker 3  33:19
Do I have a philosophical problem with it? Or a practical problem with it? Yeah, yeah. I kind of do. But it's not. Not necessarily my, my.

Speaker 2  33:35
It's not not for me to say I do have a philosophical problem with it, because it's like. Anyway,

Unknown Speaker  33:44
he stopped talking. Well,

Matthias Miller  33:47
I mean, I think here's part of the problem. Um, part of the problem is the burden of responsibility of non of not having a standard, standardized payment process is falling on the wrong people. It's falling, first of all, on the development team who's trying to maintain what's already a fairly complicated system, and I don't think it's fair. What I would like to see and I don't know if we can make this work, what I would like to see is well, doing you have to figure out what what how much you care and or how much this impacts but in the ideal world, whitetail run, and cherrystone, would bear the burden of responsibility for their unusual way of, of they're compensated, or whoever, whoever ultimately makes the decision on how this gets paid bears the burden of responsibility.

Speaker 2  34:47
Well, and that, that of that should follow vinyl structures because they're the ones who negotiate their pay structures with their sub shops, so it really should fall on on their shoulders and Currently it has to Be able to they get reporting on it, but it's like there's the understanding was we were, well, this goes back aways is that we were going to treat this as a manual process. And, you know, rather than do development for it, well, maybe it makes sense to do development for it, I don't. Currently, you're gonna be back and say it this way, currently, the data entry side of payroll module is that it's not prohibitive at all, like the actual work to do this stuff is pretty, pretty easy. So having an individual, you know, having a district manager, communicate that discretionary bonus to my office and say, you know, put it here, and they just go put it there, and it shows up on a verification report. Hallelujah. Everybody stays happy.

Unknown Speaker  35:52
Okay, I have another proposal

Unknown Speaker  35:59
Yeah, quotable.

Matthias Miller  36:07
Somebody once said, I was talking to somebody this morning, and she was saying that the thing about boundaries, think about boundaries, that when you set set boundaries, there's always somebody who's going to be mad, but it won't be you. I think we can definitely that's appropriate for this conversation or not. I'm not suggesting that we're trying to get get people mad or, or upset. Anyway, it's completely tangential, that really of the task at hand, I'm just going to start. So the, here's one way we could handle this.

Unknown Speaker  36:46
Completely, we can say,

Matthias Miller  36:47
Okay, we got some options. Let's let's start laying out options, because I love working with options. Option one is, okay, we bite the bullet, we make this whole thing automated. And we have ways to do both owner bonus expressions and building bonus expressions, and we do custom coding to support these this stuff and it just happens automatically. Number two, we could have they did it No, we're not gonna do that. But we're gonna we're gonna let you do a discretion owner bonus on a per week basis. And yeah, that's not as much work it's not as much complexity that's within within the reasonable scope. Depending on whether how how that impacts doing for for accounting or we could say well this doesn't actually have to live live here at all. We could have a report go out to vinyl to whitetail run in Cherry structures, and they turn it turn around and they invoice vinyl structures for that amount and it goes to the standard AP process invoice and verified so the report goes goes out to because the both of them both vinyl structures and and wait till run and vital structures in cherrystone the sub shops would turn in an invoice it would go to the AP process and we get verified by AP and we'd get get paid business as usual. And it's just an additional invoice based on a custom negotiated pay structure

Unknown Speaker  38:22
only one problem with that

Speaker 2  38:25
as much as I just really really love that last one there just got me all excited. I don't know if I don't know that cherrystone in white to handle their own payroll taxes do you know and

Speaker 1  38:39
well, miles structures pays all the employees

Speaker 2  38:43
Yeah, so now I mean if the if if they were the crafty way to disguise what what it actually is maybe

Speaker 1  38:56
think Shannon is going to get a little fairly nervous about that because the way Whitney is doing it now is he's told me the other day make sure that you know take all the employees out and and pay all that and I think she actually pays like the vinyl. Whitetail is renting the shop from vinyl or something like that. So Whitney also pays or takes the the rent off of the payment

Matthias Miller  39:27
before

Speaker 1  39:29
she pays whitetail run if that makes any sense. it the way it's the way Shannon sounded to me the other day was he was fairly concerned make sure that all the payments happen first, then go ahead and pay white tell Ron just so so that everything is taken care of

Matthias Miller  40:00
That makes sense. So well

Speaker 2  40:06
probably the person with the clot to actually negotiate this thing with vital structures is probably mark and I'd be really curious to to have him in on this conversation about this and, and maybe it's a foregone conclusion that we have to accommodate it. Unless you feel like you have the clout to actually renegotiate some of this stuff with and get get vinyl, some vinyl structure shops on a more standardized What methodology?

Unknown Speaker  40:31
Well, that's that

Unknown Speaker  40:35
you're probably not

Unknown Speaker  40:41
when you when you start talking about payroll like this, you need a lot of reason to leave or something. Yeah, that is very true. That is very true.

Unknown Speaker  41:00
Well,

Speaker 2  41:02
can we actually, at this point, I'm wondering, Matthias, if maybe you want to, maybe you want to put put some thoughts onto an email and send it to mark and say, Here are the options we came up with? Which one do you want to go with? Yeah, and, and let let him take this back to Shannon, in vinyl structures and say, you know, here's the options, and, you know, see if we can I mean, obviously, we can hand there's some good options on the table, if we're going to, if we're going to code this thing into the software, I kind of think we've got some good options on the table, I just scope is has creeped significantly on this thing already.

Speaker 1  41:53
But I kind of, I kind of liked the idea of just having that report that you created Dwayne, go to Jan and send it to accounts payable, and they had a place to enter it. Or to Shannon in your office, and they have a place to enter the bonus. The owner bonus and, and that did I mean, that was some development. But

Speaker 2  42:16
unless the owners are 1099, you're gonna have to accommodate the taxes on this stuff. So doesn't really work inside of ADP.

Matthias Miller  42:24
Or the are the owners w two employees?

Unknown Speaker  42:31
Do you know Aaron?

Unknown Speaker  42:33
I? I'm not sure.

Matthias Miller  42:38
Yeah, that would make that makes a huge impact on what options are actually available? Um, do you have a?

Speaker 1  42:44
No, okay, I think you understood me a little bit wrong there, it would just be entered. Shannon slave all would send it to the person to enter timecard. And it would just be entered as an owner bonus, just like his regular pay.

Speaker 2  42:59
So you're saying the manual option. If they want to go forward with this, do it as a manual option.

Unknown Speaker  43:06
I think that's the easiest way to do it.

Speaker 2  43:08
The only the only wildcard in that conversation then is what did you say it was it cherished in our white tails where they're subtracting something from something to get to get the bonus? Right.

Speaker 1  43:21
Oh, you're saying the the shop rant or whatever?

Speaker 2  43:25
No, the Witch witch shop is that they subtract the 15% from whatever the employees got paid and or something like that

Unknown Speaker  43:35
white tail. It's that's why tail.

Matthias Miller  43:40
Well, but that can still be done manually. When when I mean, the downside is that whenever Shannon gets the verification reports, he's going to have to sit down and do the calculation of what's the 15% minus this plus the District bonus, here's the amount.

Speaker 1  44:02
Are we sure that that's not calculating in assists? I'm not sure that it is and because Assist is going to or the payroll module is going to know how much all the employees get paid.

Matthias Miller  44:15
So is the owner pool? I could I can't remember this is the owner pool. Does that include the production pool? So you'd have a 15% owner pool and a seven?

Speaker 2  44:30
Not to my recollection, my recollection was the two pools together should should equal the total percentage of production or the total percentage paid. Can we

Matthias Miller  44:41
configure these employees to be non production employees and what would that so that they will get paid out of the production pool nonproduction pool the owner pool and what would that

Unknown Speaker  44:55
mean? The owners

Matthias Miller  44:58
know The way to run employees would be non production employees so that they would get subtracted from the owner pool.

Speaker 1  45:08
No, I think they would I think they should be shouldn't be the other way that they would they would be production employees?

Matthias Miller  45:19
Well, normally they should be somebody, but if you want them excluded from a pool and subtracted from the owner pool

Unknown Speaker  45:35
Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  45:36
that how that works.

Unknown Speaker  45:37
If they're non production employees, they would be they would be subtracted from the owner pool. If

Unknown Speaker  45:50
that could that could work.

Matthias Miller  45:54
I'm not sure what would the I'm not sure what the implications would be.

Speaker 2  45:57
Are there? I mean, are there eventual FGI implications for because I mentioned we want to port some of this information, don't we?

Unknown Speaker  46:06
To the building?

Matthias Miller  46:10
No, we mark gave the sign off and saying that we're going to pull the payroll and FDI integration. We've got we're good enough with standard costing. With just through standard accounting practices, I think,

Unknown Speaker  46:29
well, then you can.

Matthias Miller  46:32
Okay, so we just eliminated one edge case there. So then the question is, are we comfortable? So then the question becomes, well, somebody needs to test it for sure.

Speaker 2  46:45
What I'm saying is we do a 15% owner pool and all employees for whitetail run are nonproduction employees, they come directly out of the owners pool so then there's no fancy that minus that it's just you get what's left

Matthias Miller  47:01
now we need to solve the problem of the district X bonus.

Unknown Speaker  47:04
So I think we can we just do that manual

Matthias Miller  47:08
Okay, so we do this thing that we need

Unknown Speaker  47:11
a date and an amount and we're done.

Unknown Speaker  47:16
Are you happy with that? Yeah,

Speaker 1  47:19
I mean, I think that's the if that's easy for you which I think it should be it's just Shannon slave all sends it to the other Shannon and she punches it in or whoever you want. Want to do that but we're sending it directly to AP right going

Speaker 2  47:36
Yeah, I think so. Part of me gets me wonders that no I do like it this I do kind of like it that way that leaves the monkey on Shannon's back and as long as he enjoys doing it this way then the moment he stops enjoying doing it that way he'll go

Speaker 3  47:53
change it yeah

Matthias Miller  48:06
Okay, so we're going to do

Unknown Speaker  48:14
all right, well done steps on our

Speaker 2  48:17
site. And we need to go test that concept on changing all whitetail run employees to nonproduction employees and turn them and do it 15% report which I think is where it's currently set up and see if that works.

Unknown Speaker  48:31
Yes.

Speaker 1  48:37
I'm looking at the the company verification right now, that guy the total production the the owners pool then it shows 1099 payouts which is zero employee pool is zero of course and the nonproduction payroll is just shows little asterix or whatever. So, what we want to do is we want to bring in the non pool payroll or is it isn't that the one

Matthias Miller  49:10
the non production payroll would be like it would all move over into non production payroll correct.

Speaker 1  49:22
So then that then it would take out of the owners pool

Unknown Speaker  49:27
and we should be good to go.

Speaker 1  49:33
So that's interesting because the the cherrystone we discovered that we have to enter the owners or the everybody that uses time cards as production so that I take their base wage which is well their their pay rate out of production, so that the employees just get whatever's last

Speaker 2  50:07
myth is is it literally just as easy as changing the contact type to employee nonproduction

Unknown Speaker  50:22
see Ron

Matthias Miller  50:30
You mean this one here?

Unknown Speaker  50:32
Oh wait a second loves November no

Matthias Miller  50:33
there's an employee and an owner no it would be a Enable Time Tracking base production

Matthias Miller  50:48
hourly wage towards labor cost this one can be removed

Speaker 1  50:59
it's not just on the timecard that you would enter in both fields there like the total total hours and then the non production hours I know they can they can enter it there

Speaker 2  51:13
no no that's a different thing than non production is based off of they're not at their non production hourly wage

Matthias Miller  51:20
right but no, but I think you're you might be right here and we would say that we have this work so basically, when you enter the time cards you would you would then flag them all is nonproduction ours on the timecard

Unknown Speaker  51:45
do that if

Speaker 2  51:46
I don't think so that nonproduction was four that's that will take those hours times their non production rate on their on the on the employee compensation configuration

Speaker 1  52:04
as long as as long as the rate is same as the pool hourly wage it's we're good to go and they should be

Speaker 2  52:12
does does that automatically pull out of the owner pool nonproduction our wage hourly wage

Unknown Speaker  52:22
I don't know.

Matthias Miller  52:24
I thought it did.

Unknown Speaker  52:27
That's what you were saying.

Unknown Speaker  52:31
Let me see if

Matthias Miller  52:38
Well, we said this would happen Seth Where are you

Speaker 1  52:47
gonna get the two master brains or are not on the call.

Matthias Miller  52:54
Exactly right. Let's go search for I'm going to search on my site owner pool percentage and let's go see where alright so we're using this pool percent total enter pool

Matthias Miller  53:21
actually there's a was over here I was on a the owner verification report we go in here and we say owner

Unknown Speaker  53:40
owner

Matthias Miller  53:47
now it's that sub report okay we go into employee no

Unknown Speaker  53:58
oh it's shared Yeah. Hey yeah

Matthias Miller  54:04
owner company owners for week go into here owner salary got the salary or percentage bonus additional bonus we do have a

Matthias Miller  54:24
we are creating time cards for these guys. I missed that production work order amount Okay, so the total owner week pay is the weekly salary plus the bonus plus the owner bonus which is split by owner percent total owner bonus balanced distribute minus maybe we're not Ah

Matthias Miller  55:05
discretionary minus work orders. Okay. So we have the the owner salary, the owner bonus is based on the timecard. Which is it is based on the

Unknown Speaker  55:24
FII. You got four minutes you said 1245, didn't you?

Matthias Miller  55:28
Yeah. We are here in the company we bounce distribute, we take the total owner, owner pool minus 1099 payouts, minutes work order amount minus total employee pool minus non pool payroll. So, yes, non pool payroll is getting pulled out of what the owner gets paid.

Matthias Miller  56:02
In addition to that, I don't know why. We don't see Alvin Hershberger Jr. Way to run I mean, Alvin Hershberger is getting does have room for a discretionary bonus on the timecard. So I'm not even sure at this point. If, if we enter the timecard as Okay, here's the part that's obnoxious, Dwayne, for the people in your office for Shannon, your whoever's entering your office, all of the time has to be entered as nonprofit hours.

Speaker 2  56:45
Yeah. And they're supposed to know that every single time they do that company.

Unknown Speaker  56:59
Don't love that.

Matthias Miller  57:02
So can we. But can we, but we could still say that we're

Speaker 1  57:09
going to change the timecard I can change the manual timecard with x's in the in the production, the total total work and they just have to enter it in the non the non production so they don't even have the option?

Speaker 2  57:23
Well, that would make it a lot easier to just a little bit worried about ensuring that you know, we have an edge case scenario like this and you're entering payroll, entering payroll, if they're not queued specifically from the timecard on that mistakes are gonna happen,

Matthias Miller  57:41
right.

Matthias Miller  57:49
I mean, that seems reasonable that they're that their timecard just all says nonprime.

Speaker 2  58:03
So that will be on your side, err, to give them a timecard that would

Unknown Speaker  58:08
that reflect that? Is that right? Yeah. Good.

Matthias Miller  58:15
Okay, so then, and then I think we need to so there's two things you need to test number one.

Unknown Speaker  58:22
No, hang on.

Matthias Miller  58:28
Do we handle? Yeah, I mean, we have, it appears to me like we're trying to support. Yeah, we do allow you to add discretionary bonuses to an owner timecard. And we do create time cards for I mean, I'm looking at Alvin here. And he does have a timecard auto created even though he's an owner.

Unknown Speaker  58:52
Oh, I didn't auto create it though.

Speaker 2  58:55
Who's Who's the who's the owner for for whitetail? Remind me and

Speaker 1  59:04
I think it is Alvin. They call they call him Jay. But I think that's the right one.

Matthias Miller  59:10
It's Jr. I mean,

Speaker 2  59:12
Ivan Hershberger Jr. Oh, here Yeah, he is labeled as an owner. Okay. So yeah. All right.

Matthias Miller  59:18
So it seems to me like the discretionary bonus needs to be I mean, that we have accommodations to specify discretionary bonus. So it seems to me like we need to test a can wait till run. Here we enter all their hours as prod hours. And B. It does mean that on the 8020 split that Shannon is going to have to split it at 20 and submit the discretionary bonus for each owner.

Matthias Miller  59:50
For that if we do that we can support it within the existing completely within the existing system but no development changes required at all. Well,

Speaker 1  1:00:03
which which would Shan slay Bobby be splitting that?

Speaker 2  1:00:07
Well, we could, it could be done inside of the report that I'm sending. And we could probably get crafty on something like that making life easy.

Matthias Miller  1:00:17
It seems to me like if

Matthias Miller  1:00:28
and then when it really, really, really, really comes down to it, Dwayne. If you wanted to craft a custom are 20 Next 30 pair that I don't know how you want to do it, but

Unknown Speaker  1:00:54
that's my sentiment.

Matthias Miller  1:00:59
Okay, but if we, if we wouldn't improve, enhance the report so that we could say, at least here's the 15% value. And or, I don't know. I mean, there's certainly possibilities for

Unknown Speaker  1:01:20
Alright, your time's up

Unknown Speaker  1:01:27
unless you're extending?

Speaker 1  1:01:44
Do I in your can you go in or have the Shannon go in and just move all those hours into non production hours? I think just copy and paste the total hours into the non production hours.

Speaker 2  1:02:01
I would prefer to have communicated from your side so that the communication pathways stay the same rather than me just walking over there and jumping in the middle of that.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:13
Sure. I can try to do that. Trying to think which Week?

Unknown Speaker  1:02:29
Week 723 Is that the best one to do that?

Speaker 2  1:02:36
I mean, I don't have an answer for you on that.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:40
I think that's the one that we want.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:53
Matthias chump offer

Unknown Speaker  1:02:59
in here. Yeah. I see his mouth moving.

Matthias Miller  1:03:02
Yeah, my my headset died. And anyway, I had to go to sit down. Well, I think I think this means that we we we've decided there is nothing for me to do that, at this point, at least, that we need to test whether the proposed approach works from a software standpoint. And we need to see exactly what the process needs to take a look look like. And I think part of this comes down to a negotiation of his shame, Shannon, okay, hand entering some of these numbers to support this edge case? If not, then what? What are options? As far as I mean, do we want to look at automation that's driven by reports that's completely independent of the payroll module, it's just go calculate a bonus and stick it in there.

Speaker 2  1:04:03
Yeah, I think that sounds right. Let's let's try the manual route first, if Shannon objects then we'll come back and look at independent or 20 or x 30s. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker 1  1:04:15
Well, Shannon is already doing it manually. So I don't I don't see why he's going to try to shoot it down.

Speaker 2  1:04:20
Yeah, I mean, the only thing it would require a little bit of work from from your side with is to have an RG for it. But

Matthias Miller  1:04:28
we don't need an RG recruiting timecards it should be able to go on the timecard. We need to test that we've put on the timecard. Okay. So I think that would mean zero on my end. Cool. Well, I think I think I should I should drop I'll put this on my list to follow up on I think we still have some conversations. There's still some conversations to be had. I didn't see no marks agenda about Ohio and Indiana. The employee in two locations in the single employee there's something Indiana that missed as well that we might need to talk through

Unknown Speaker  1:05:09
are you talking about that the salaried employees

Matthias Miller  1:05:16
a little vague on this, there's the holler that goes between two locations and employee or in Ohio or something like that, or sometimes somebody who helps goes down the road and helps build it. And then

Unknown Speaker  1:05:28
Oh, is that Marian? Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:05:30
Well, there's there's a few different ones, it could be John or it could be my island. So they would technically work for two different companies in one week, they would work for plant two, and they would work for plant one in the same week. Is that Is that doable?

Matthias Miller  1:05:55
Well, I think we need to talk through about we might need to check in with Mark and with that he might have a solution for that, but I'm not completely sure. And then there's something in Indiana. I don't know if that's exactly what I was thinking. It's a slightly different situation in Indiana that we need to talk through.

Speaker 1  1:06:13
Oh, that was that was Norman we're, I think we're gonna, Calvin was talking about switching him to a straight hourly. He's like a Handyman in the shop and the lot, whatever. And he didn't want to take his, he didn't want to remove pay from the other guys. But he wanted to have him on the pool. So he was it wasn't taking his his wages out of the pool. But he was paying the pool. So technically, the full percentage is eight and a half percent or whatever. And technically, he was actually paying more than that, because Norman was paid outside of the pool, but he was matched to the pool, if that makes any sense.

Matthias Miller  1:06:57
Yes, it does.

Speaker 1  1:07:02
So we're working on that right now? I think we can just switch him to a straight hourly and there should not be any. Anything involved on the on your side?

Matthias Miller  1:07:20
Let's see.

Matthias Miller  1:07:24
With my

Unknown Speaker  1:07:30
Rob,

Matthias Miller  1:07:33
if we do a follow up call talking about where where payroll module is at and where to from here. Is that something that mark should be on? Or do we just set something in keep? Keep rolling?

Unknown Speaker  1:07:46
Do what?

Matthias Miller  1:07:47
Like is there? Is there anything else for me? That anything else you need from me to make sure that the payroll module works correctly? Or are we and who's responsible for making sure we actually make the final switch and start using this?

Speaker 1  1:08:09
I think I think Mark as well it would be it would be me and Mark

Matthias Miller  1:08:18
Right? Do you want to look good?

Unknown Speaker  1:08:23
No, go ahead. That's fine.

Matthias Miller  1:08:24
Well, maybe maybe if you want to check in with Mark Monday morning or something, or whatever it takes, and I guess if I'll be talking to Mark at one on Monday, if we need that time for payroll module, you can jump on Dwayne, Dwayne should be on there as well. Or other needs Jason.

Speaker 1  1:08:47
Good. These other points on the agenda. Dwayne Should we just run through those sometime? I would have time today if you would. I think it's kind of me and me and you stuff and I don't think Matthias has to be involved in these

Unknown Speaker  1:09:05
Unfortunately, I do not have any more open spots today.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:11
Maybe tomorrow

Unknown Speaker  1:09:16
I'm gonna be in Cambridge

Unknown Speaker  1:09:22
what a what a hard life you have

Speaker 1  1:09:28
I didn't have it. Have a day off in a long time. We're going to have we're going to have a game flag croquet so in the Christmas we had that that auction auction deal for the Christmas banquet and and they sold the flag croquet they they sold the mallets to a flag croquet and you know one by one. So if you wanted one, you bought one and then so the game is going to be tomorrow and Whoever wins the game gets the game that's kind of a fun

Matthias Miller  1:10:10
I never heard of like, okay. That's interesting. Cool. Well, I'm gonna have to drop off your I see Dwayne and Aaron next steps. You guys are going to circle up touch base, and you will look me in and whatever else you need, and until I hear otherwise, y'all are good. Okay, cool. Awesome. Thanks, man.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:35
All righty. Thank you. You bet.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai